
@_date: 1992-12-08 05:31:54
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Captain Midnight returns? 
Hmm, perhaps we should eventually build real Captain Midnight Decoder
Rings, which would fit around your finger.  When the face of the ring
was inserted into a DIN-plug serial port, it would power up, and talk a
serial protocol to do the crypto operations needed to sign and decrypt
messages, a la Phil Karn's design.  There are smart-card microcontrollers
with most or all of the right features -- we'd just have to figure out how
to pot one into a ring with a truncated DIN-plug.

@_date: 1992-12-10 03:03:08
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: No more PGP keys without signatures, please! 
People continue to post PGP keys that are not vouched for by anyone.
E.g. none of the keys for remailers has any signatures.  This makes it
impossible to trust those remailers, since anyone could have generated
such a key and sent it through a remailer saying it was from someone
If you put up a remailer service, sign its key with your personal key,
at least.  Preferably get a few other people to sign it (by showing them
that they key is really the one used in the remailer, in person).
If you generate a key for yourself, don't just post it -- take it to
a friend, and cross-sign each others' keys.  If you do that a few times,
then you can post it, and the receipients are likely to know one of those
friends, possibly trusting them to certify your key.

@_date: 1992-12-10 08:01:27
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: No Subject 
Fourth Meeting
When: Saturday, Dec 12, 1992, 12:00 noon
Where: Cygnus Support offices
Schedule: 1. Media coverage.  Do we want to deal with the	press?  If so, how?
2. Reputation Systems.  Dean Tribble presenting.
3. Authenticated Diffie-Hellman (STS). Arthur Abraham presenting.
4. Reports
1. Please be prompt.  We will begin the business section at 1:00
2. Bring a portable computer and your key rings for PGP key exchange
and signing.

@_date: 1992-12-10 11:14:03
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: Directions to Cygnus support offices 
Take US 101 toward Mt. View.  From San Francisco, it's about a
40-minute drive.  Get off at the Rengstorff Ave/Amphitheatre Parkway
exit.  If you were heading south on 101, you curve around to the
right, cross over the freeway, and get to a stoplight.  If you were
heading north on 101, you just come right off the exit to the
stoplight.  The light is the intersection of Amphitheatre and
Charleston Rd.  Take a right on Charleston; there's a right-turn-only
Follow Charleston for a short distance.  You'll pass the
Metaphor/Kaleida buildings on the right.  At a clump of palm trees and
a "Landmark Deli" sign, take a right into Landings Drive.  At the end
of the road, turn left into the complex with the big concrete
"Landmark" sign.  Follow the road past the deli til you are in front
of the clock tower that rises out of one of the buildings, facing you.
Enter through the doors immediately under the clock tower.  They'll be
open between noon and 1PM at least.  (See below if you're late.)
Once inside, take the stairs up, immediately to your right.  At the top
of the stairs, turn right past the treetops, and we'll be in 1937 on your left.  The door is marked "Cygnus".
If you are late and the door under the clock tower is locked, you can
walk to the deli (which will be around the building on your left, as
you face the door).  Go through the gate in the fence to the right of
the deli, and into the back lawns between the complex and the farm
behind it.  Walk forward and right around the buildings until you see
a satellite dish in the lawn.  Go up the stairs next to the dish,
which are the back stairs into the Cygnus office space.  We'll prop
the door (or you can bang on it if we forget).
Or, you can find the guard who's wandering around the complex, who
knows there's a meeting happening and will let you in.  They can be
beeped at 965 5250, though you'll have trouble finding a phone.
Don't forget to eat first, or bring food at noon!  I recommend hitting
the burrito place on Rengstorff (La Costen~a) at about 11:45.  To get
there, when you get off 101, take Rengstorff (toward the hills) rather
than Amphitheatre (toward the bay).  Follow it about ten blocks until
the major intersection at Middlefield Road.  La Costen~a is the store
on your left at the corner.  You can turn left into the narrow lane
behind the store, which leads to a parking lot, and enter by the front
door, which faces the intersection.  To get to the meeting from there,
just retrace your route on Rengstorff, go straight over the freeway,
and turn right at the stoplight onto Charleston; see above.
See you there!

@_date: 1992-12-14 10:32:18
@_author: Liam David Gray 
@_subject: A minor experimental result 
Excerpts from Cypherpunks: 13-Dec-92 A minor experimental result by
Timothy C. May at netcom.com:
    Please tell me if this makes sense:
    If I wanted to be obnoxious, I could set myself up as a remailer,
then screen all incoming messages to see whether they came from other
known remailers.  If not, then I can archive the message, have a look at
it, and maybe compromise the original sender.
    Is this so?
    In this case, everyone wanting to use a remailer should in principle
*own* a remailer, and you'd probably want your own to be the first
remailer.  Then, to avoid compromise of the recipient, maybe you'd want
yours to be the last remailer.  So why not use your own remailer
    To take this to an extreme, set up a remailer and then use this
*all* the time for the mail you originate.  Does this gain you anything?
    Just curious.  I'm new on the list and might be missing something. Thanks in advance for replies from anyone.
Liam Gray

@_date: 1992-12-19 14:46:06
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: TEMPEST 
Our government should not be our opponent when we try to find out how
to provide high levels of privacy for ourselves, our computers, and
our communications.
Ignoring that, yes, TEMPEST doesn't look like a deep dark conspiracy.
It's legal to shield your equipment and probably legal to export it (if
you didn't use the classified TEMPEST specifications in building it,
but reverse engineered them yourself).  The government is not our enemy
here (like it *is* our enemy in the drug war), but it isn't our friend

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: Canada's Nserc 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Cryptology Column -- New and Coming Books
Gilles Brassard
brassard at iro.umontreal.CA Departement d'informatique et de R.O.  Universite de Montreal C.P. 6128, Succ. ``A'' Canada H3C 3J7
31 October 1992
Research supported in part by the
E.W.R. Steacie Memorial Fellowship
(Canada's Nserc).
1  Introduction
An outstanding book on cryptology has hit the market this year.
Although the news may be stale to many of my readers, Gustavus J.
Simmons has edited a 640-page mammoth of a masterpiece titled
Contemporary Cryptology: The Science of Information Integrity,
published by IEEE Press.  In addition, other new and exciting books
are expected to come out soon.
2  Simmons' Book
Simmons' Contemporary Cryptology grew out of a special issue of the
Proceedings of the IEEE, which he edited in May 1988.  I remember how
proud -- and rightly so! -- Simmons was concerning that issue: his
favourite line was that ``this is an example where the whole is better
than the sum of its parts''.  As a consequence of the excellent
reception of his special issue, he was commissioned by the IEEE to edit
the book we are now discussing.  Speaking of excellent reception, the
first printing of Simmons' book was sold out in months.  The second
printing, which I have not seen yet, corrected all mistakes that had
been found in the first.  In addition, reference citations for
publications that had appeared after the first printing went to press
were completed, and a number of footnotes, notes added in proof and
inserted paragraphs to update significant statements of fact that had
occurred in the interim were made.
It is amusing to note that the book's cover is very similar to that of
the Proceedings, except that Simmons corrected an embarrassing mistake
that I pointed out to him on the Proceedings cover (see if you can spot
it!).  The book is hard cover, pleasant to manipulate, and handsome.
Unfortunately, I found the binding of my own copy to be slightly
defective, but I was told that this problem was corrected with the
second printing.
Contemporary Cryptology is a collection of chapters, many of which
written by top researchers in the field, which together span most of
the exciting developments that have changed cryptology forever in the
past twenty years.  Simmons himself contributed the foreword and three
chapters.  His master plan -- the table of contents -- is well
conceived as few important topics have been left out.  (Nothing is
perfect, though ... the book is lacking a chapter on quantum
cryptography!) Unfortunately, even a good coach cannot enforce perfect
coordination concerning who says what in a multi-author work.  This
book is no exception: it suffers from many repetitions of the same
concepts across chapters.
The main sections of the book are Cryptography, Authentication,
Protocols, Cryptanalysis, and Applications.  This is preceded by two
essays on the theme ``Contemporary Cryptology'': a foreword by Simmons
and an introduction by James L. Massey.  Massey's introduction to
cryptology is among the clearest and most useful I have ever seen that
can fit on as few as 36 pages (although another particularly noteworthy
concise introduction is Simmons' own entry in the Encyclopaedia
Britannica).  Massey's introduction covers some history, motivations,
all the basic notation, secret key cryptography (both in theory and in
practice, including a review of Shannon's information theory, the DES,
stream ciphers and Ueli Maurer's recent bid to get around Shannon's
discouraging theorem that the one-time-pad is the most economical
system that can provide perfect secrecy), authentication (a section
that I found particularly useful last time I taught on the subject),
public key cryptography (including one-way functions, public key
distribution, RSA and variations on the theme), and protocols.  Massey
even includes an enlightening discussion of secret versus open research
in cryptology.  One thing I learned from Massey's introduction is that
the notion of one-wayness goes back to at least 1873!  On the negative
side, nothing is said about probabilistic encryption and zero-knowledge
protocols, and digital signatures are not covered adequately.  But
then, Massey makes an explicit point that it was not his purpose to
survey research in cryptology.  Moreover, these topics are treated in
other chapters of Simmons' book.
After the foreword and introduction, the first section deals with
cryptography.  The topics covered are ``The DES: Past and Future'' by
Miles E.  Smid and Dennis K. Branstad, ``Stream Ciphers'' by Rainer A.
Rueppel, ``The First Ten Years of Public Key Cryptography'' by
Whitfield Diffie, ``Public Key Cryptography'' by James Nechvatal, and
``A Comparison of Practical Public Key Cryptosystems Based on Integer
Factorization and Discrete Logarithms'' by Paul C. van Oorschot.  The
chapter on DES goes from the birth of the system to predictions
concerning the coming decade, not forgetting to cover the controversy
surrounding it and its many applications.  New, post-DES algorithms are
also discussed.  However, the coverage of attacks against DES is far
from complete; in particular, differential cryptanalysis is not even
Rueppel is a leading expert in stream ciphers, and the author of a
well-known book on the topic; he was therefore the natural choice of
author for Simmon's second chapter.  After introducing all the relevant
background, Rueppel covers information-theoretic, system-theoretic and
complexity-theoretic approaches to stream ciphers.  A large number of
pseudo-random generators are described.  The chapter also considers
randomized stream ciphers, which can provide practical provable
security in the presence of a large,  publicly accessible, body of
Diffie's chapter on the history of public key cryptography is a pure
gem, which could only have been told so well by the horse's mouth.  In
my opinion, Simmons' book would be worth buying even if only for those
39 pages.  Of particular interest is the story of how Ralph Merkle,
then at Berkeley, invented as early as 1974 the concept of public key
distribution, and how unsuccessful he was in explaining and publishing
his idea.  (Merkle told me that Bob Fabry, contrary to many others, had
understood the idea and had encouraged him to seek fame and fortune
with it!) Diffie goes on explaining the principles of public key
cryptography and the early solutions, including RSA.  An interesting
section on key management, the main aspect that was sorely missing from
the early papers on public-key cryptography, is provided.  Diffie's
chapter continues with applications, such as the secure phone system,
and implementations.  Finally, Diffie goes beyond what his title
promised, as he tackles new directions for public key cryptography.
The next chapter, by Nechvatal, is by far the longest in this book (120
pages).  It was written as a stand alone piece, which is unfortunate in
this context as it presents significant overlap with other chapters of
the book.  In my opinion, the author would have been better advised to
transform his writing into a monograph of its own.  Nevertheless, this
chapter is well written and contains a wealth of valuable information.
In the last chapter of the first section, van Oorschot reviews the
currently best algorithms for extracting discrete logarithms (both in
GF(2^n) and in elliptic curves) and for factoring, including a detailed
analysis of their efficiency.  This is used as the basis of a
comparison between El Gamal's cryptosystem and RSA.  Elliptic curve
cryptosystems are also considered.
Section 2 deals with authentication.  It is composed of one chapter on
``Digital Signatures'' by Chris J. Mitchell, Fred Piper and Peter Wild,
and ``A Survey of Information Authentication'' by Simmons.  The chapter
on digital signatures provides thorough coverage of the theory,
practice and applications of signatures, including a section on
hashing.  Nonetheless, it is sad that David Chaum's elegant notion of
Undeniable Signature did not find its way in that chapter even though
it was published as early as 1989.  The next chapter was written by the
man I consider to be no less than ``the Shannon of authentication'',
the book's editor himself.  Indeed, Simmons developed in the 1980's a
theory of authentication that parallels that of Shannon for privacy.
This chapter shows a good balance between theory and practice, which
could also be said about its author.  I must admit, however, that I
found Massey's exposition of Simmons' theories in the Introduction
easier to follow than Simmons' own.  Nevertheless, I read this chapter
with particular interest and enjoyment.
The next section deals with protocols.  It consists of an ``Overview of
Interactive Proof Systems and Zero-Knowledge'' by Joan Feigenbaum and
``An introduction to Shared Secret and/or Shared Control Schemes and
Their Applications'' again by Simmons.  It must be pointed out that the
very important (in my opinion) topic of multi-party computation, also
known as ``post-cold war cryptography'', is missing altogether from
this section on protocols and indeed from the entire book as far as I
can tell.  I like Feigenbaum's succinct exposition of interactive
proofs and zero-knowledge, even though it was written more from a
computational complexity point of view than from a cryptographic point
of view.  For instance, the existence of an interactive proof system
for the permanent is of considerable interest in complexity theory, as
it lead the way to Shamir's proof that IP = PSPACE (see my column in
Vol. 21, no. 1, 1990) but I fail to see its direct cryptographic
Turning now to the chapter on secret sharing, I can think of no one
better suited than Simmons for writing it.  After reviewing Shamir's
and Blakley's (very different) original ideas, he addresses access
structures more general than simple threshold schemes.  Most of the
schemes explained are based upon geometric considerations.  An
application to key distribution is provided.  A comprehensive
bibliography follows.
The fourth section deals with cryptography's sister discipline:
cryptanalysis.  It consists of one chapter on ``Cryptanalysis:  A
Survey of Recent Results'' by Ernest F. Brickell and Andrew M. Odlyzko,
and one chapter on ``Protocol Failures in Cryptosystems'' by Judy H.
Moore.  The chapter on cryptanalysis surveys recent cryptanalytic
achievements.  Particularly thorough treatment is given to the breaking
of the knapsack and of linear congruential generators.  Other
cryptosystems and signature schemes are covered.  Information is also
provided on the state-of-the-art concerning the cryptanalysis of yet
unbroken systems such as RSA, discrete exponentiation schemes, the
McEliece cryptosystem, and the DES.  Recent developments such as the
number field sieve for factoring and the differential cryptanalysis
technique are mentioned, but Biham and Shamir's attack on the full
16-round DES was achieved only after Simmons' book went to press.
Moore's chapter on protocol failures addresses an interesting problem:
it tells you how to cheat an application centered around a cryptosystem
without in fact breaking the cryptosystem itself.  In other words, even
good cryptosystems are potentially vulnerable when improperly used, or
when used according to a badly designed protocol.  Guidelines are given
to avoid such traps.  (Perhaps the most spectacular protocol failure in
history concerned the Enigma during World War II, but this is of course
not treated in Moore's chapter!)
The book closes with a section on applications.  It contains one
chapter on ``The Smart Card:  A Standardized Security Device Dedicated
to Public Cryptology'' by Louis C. Guillou, Michel Ugon and
Jean-Jacques Quisquater, and a chapter on ``How to Insure That Data
Acquired to Verify Treaty Compliance Are Trustworthy'', once more by
Simmons.  The chapter on smart cards describes what a smart card is and
what it can do.  The important issue of standardization is treated at
length.  Significant information is given on the technology behind
smart cards.  Naturally, most of the chapter is concerned with security
issues and cryptographic applications, such as authentication.  The
book's final chapter deals with real life field work pioneered by the
editor at Sandia National Laboratories, which is the result of nearly
two decades of development.  I prefer to say no more so as to keep your
appetite whetted!
In conclusion, this is a remarkable book, which I very strongly
recommend as necessary addition to the library of any serious
researcher in the field of cryptology.
3  Other books
These are exciting times for cryptoreaders.  In addition to Simmon's,
other promising books are due to appear soon.  Even though I prefer to
wait until they have come out to review them in detail (despite the
fact that I have seen preliminary versions), I cannot resist the
temptation to give you an avant gout.
Eli Biham and Adi Shamir have written up in great detail their
differential cryptanalysis technique and how it applies to the full
16-round DES as well as to other cryptosystems and hashing functions.
This is along the lines of Volume 4, number 1 of the Journal of
Cryptology, only more of it and better.  The preliminary title of their
book is Differential Cryptanalysis of the Data Encryption Standard.  It
will be published by Springer-Verlag.
Starting from notes taken by the students of a class he taught at the
University of California, Berkeley, Mike Luby has written
Pseudorandomness and Applications, which will be published by Princeton
University Press.  The book, now complete in the opinion of its author,
is undergoing a review process.  In it, Luby places pseudorandomness at
the heart of cryptography.  He explains how to produce
cryptographically secure pseudorandomness and how to use it for various
cryptographic purposes.  As one of the researchers to whom we owe the
proof that one-way functions are necessary and sufficient to obtain
cryptographically strong pseudorandom generators, Luby was the logical
author to write this authoritative book.
In addition, allow me to indulge in mentioning that my own
Springer-Verlag monograph Modern Cryptology:  A Tutorial is expected to
come out in French this November.  It will be published by Masson under
the title of Cryptologie Contemporaine.  Contrary to the previous
translation into Italian (also published by Masson), the French version
(translated by Claude Goutier) was fully revised and updated by the
author.  For instance, the number of references went up from 250 to 366
(you better tackle them on a leap year if you cannot handle more than
one per day!).
Have you written something lately?  If you have, I would appreciate
hearing about it.

@_date: 1992-11-06 05:03:26
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: 1993 RSA Data Security Conference 
RSA is putting on a conference on public key cryptography on the SF
peninsula on January 14th (conference) and 15th (tutorials and
exposition).  Last year's conference was smaller (one day) and quite
interesting.  Many of the best cryptographers in the world attended.
It's worth prying yourself out of your usual haunts for.
The conference is free.  Registration is "extremely limited, and is
first come, first served".  Phone +1 415 595 8782 and ask for
Conference Registration, to reserve your place (and a place for anyone
else at your company who's interested).  I'll see you there!

@_date: 1992-11-24 11:44:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Scenario for a Ban on Cash Transactions 
SCENARIO FOR A BAN ON CASH TRANSACTIONS
The recent discussions about black markets, loss of tax revenues, and
restrictions on the use of encryption lead me to speculate that moves
may be afoot to ban or severely restrict the use of cash.
Such talk of a "cashless society" comes up periodically, with some
taking a religious/conspiratorial view (electronic bank accounts
tatooed on our foreheads, fulfilling the "mark of the Beast" prophecy)
and others talking about how the "international bankers" have already
selected a system (to be implemented in a national emergency, perhaps
an Emergency Order following a series of bank collapses).
Some putative benefits of banning cash and replacing it with
electronic versions (such as debit cards, either privately issued or
issued by the government):
1. Faster and more complete tax collection, with the tax authorities
and implicit partner in all economic transactions (save for black
markets, but I'll discuss that later).
The "faster" part will be a one-shot gain, just as the witholding tax
system instituted in WWII as an emergency program was a one-shot
benefit. But such an immediate gain may be quite attractive to
planners faced with rapidly escalating national debt. ($4.5 trillion,
increasing by at least $400 billion a year...more if the "IOUs" for
social security are considered)
The "more complete" part will be an attempt to recapture taxes now
lost to the underground, or barter, economy. "Serious" black
marketeers, or dealers in illegal substances, will of course not be
greatly affected, but a shift to purely electronic money will hurt
their ability to move money (unless they control the banks and S&Ls,
as may be the case....but that's another story).
2. A general closing of the underground economy, separate from the
issue of recapturing lost tax revenues. As the underground economy
increases, especially to the levels seen in other countries, pressures
to "close the loopholes" (= cash) may mount. The failing "War on
Drugs" has already been used to justify many serious abridgements of
basic rights; applying the same logic to creating a cashless society
seems to be the next step.
3. "Welfare reform" by restricting the allowable expenditures that can
be made. For example, a welfare, food stamp, or AFDC recipient could
be barred from buying liquor with his or her "money." Electronic money
need not be "fungible," in the sense that all forms are
interchangeable--it is fairly easy to attach various restrictions to
the electronic databases which hold the money.
Such restrictions would meet with a lot of popular support, and so
could undercut the protests a bit. (Support may also come from the
"national identity card" aspects, as such a card would help to solve
the problem of illegal immigrants and those who move to jurisdictions
with better welfare benefits. I'm not _approving_ of this, merely
pointing out a source of support for "welfare cards.")
(Bypasses can still be done, as with food stamps which are sold in
exchange for booze. Ironically, the flourishing black market in food
stamps is a motivation for going to an "electronic welfare card,"
which is being talked about and which is an obvious precursor step to
the eventual ban on paper money cash.)
4. Fears of the growing ease of counterfeiting may push this shift
along. Color copiers are now so good that nearly undetectable
counterfeiting of U.S. currency is straightforward. Attempts to embed
conductive threads, holograms, etc., are helping, but the longterm
future is not bright for physical money (excluding gold, which has its
own problems that I won't discuss here).
(Note that foreign printing presses can quite easily produce excellent
counterfeit currency, for use in destabilizing foreign regimes, in
economic warfare, etc. Apparently the U.S. has supported the flooding
of Iraq with counterfeit currency. And Iraq has supposedly printed
vast amounts of counterfeit U.S. and European currency. Digital money,
cryptographically protected, is about the only protection against this
5. If the government controls and sets the protocols for electronic
money, this gives them de facto control over encryption systems and
protocols.  Use of non-approved protocols may be considered ipso facto
proof of money laundering, black marketeering, and tax evasion.
The Dennning/Rivest key registration proposal appears to be some
advance planning for creating a system in which the government is
effectively a third party in all communications (= transactions). I suggest we look at all such key registration proposals in this light.
6. More speculatively, the elimination of cash may be used to prop up
U.S. banks, which many feel are facing a rocky future. By making the
banks the "mediators" of such a government-mandated electronic money
system, this both "privatizes" the system and provides a new revenue
stream for these powerful lobbying interests. For example, your local
bank may issue the debit card and may take, say, 0.5% of every
transaction. The government might then take, say, 3% of every
transaction as its "cut." (The actual details are likely to be
hideously complex, along the lines of the V.A.T. taxes of Europe, and
so this example should only be taken as a rough example of what could
Now it has long been clear to me that the future of money lies in
electronic form, cryptographically protected. The prolific use of
credit cards for mail-order purchases points to the need for a purely
electronic form of usable money, as do systems like AMIX (which uses
VISA-type credits and debits). The issue is who creates this system,
and what controls exist.
It seems unlikely that the U.S. government will allow "competing
currencies" (one form of digital money, and arguably what we already
have with various tradable financial instruments, which rise and fall
in value depending on various forces) to spring into being, at least
not in forms that are truly like cash.
However, if the government creates this cashless society, then the government
will have unprecedented control over nearly all aspects of our lives.
All transactions, no matter how trivial, will be recorded, stored, and
subject to analysis. A complete audit trail of all purchases, food
preferences, entertainment choices, liasons with others, etc., will
exist. This is the concern David Chaum has eloquently raised, and
which he has been dealing with (partially) with his digital money and
untraceable transactions systems.
Furthermore, transactions which are deemed to be politically
incorrect, and there are dozens of obvious examples to choose from,
can be _outlawed_ by the mere typing of a few lines of instructions into
the appropriate data bases. (For example, someone arrested for DUI
tries to buy some beer..."Your transaction cannot be completed. Have a
nice day."  appears on the cash register. Or a pregnant woman--and
under Clinton's computerized health care system this will all be
known--tries to buy some cigarettes....)
Reread John Brunner's amazingly prescient "Shockwave Rider" for some
visions of a fully-computerized society.
This trend toward a cashless society, controlled by the government,
represents the greatest threat to our libery and our future I can
We need to start planning to head this off. Those interested in
"crypto anarchy" as one technological solution are encourage to get in
touch with me.
(I now have MacPGP, which makes things slightly easier than before,
but it's still a pain to download files and decrypt them. The
anonymous remailer services discussed on the "Cypherpunks" list should
help as well.)
Make no mistake, a government-run cashless society will be worse that
Orwell's worst.
--Tim May

@_date: 1992-11-26 13:40:36
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: chip verification ( Was: Tollhouse Cookies :-) 
This is not useful, because devices can have internal state.  For example, a device could do the same thing in response to an input for 1000 times,
and then do something different when a counter reaches 1001.
I've been employed writing test vectors for chips.  It *is* possible
to write a set of tests that will verify that a piece of hardware
matches its design (which, BTW, is software, stored on a disk in a
database).  Every chip vendor does this on every chip they make, to
detect manufacturing defects.  These tests will not detect hardware
that has been deliberately modified to pass the tests, but to do
something different in actual operation.  This is an obvious risk when
the tests are necessarily publicly available.
Of course, if a particular form of modification is suspected, people
can write new tests that look for it.  But it becomes like the virus
protection game:  looking for the signatures of known viruses doesn't
protect you from unknown ones.  There's no proven way to detect all
modifications.  PS: See also Ken Thompson's paper, "reflections on trusting trust",
which was published as an ACM Turing Award lecture among other places.
Your CAD software could have been modified so that it inserts a mod
into your chip that doesn't appear in the chip's source code.  The
compiler used to build the CAD software could've been modified to
insert the above mod into your CAD software binaries as they are
compiled.  A compiler binary used to build the *compiler* sources into
binaries could have been modified to insert the compiler mod described
above.  Even if you have full sources, you can't trust the system --
you have to trust the people who bootstrapped it, and all the people
who wrote the tools *they* used.  "Proving" anything becomes very slippery

@_date: 1992-11-27 20:15:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Keys & Signatures 
Here is the collection of keys and signatures from the last meeting.
Feed this file into pgp to add them to your key ring.
Please remember that posting "your" public key is not sufficient when
you want people to believe that the key corresponds to a physical person (you).
It's fine for communicating with people who you have't met or don't care
to meet.  But the way we can tell that the key matches the physical person
who we met, is to have it signed by someone we trust.  The signature
indicates that "I certify that this key really does belong to the physical
person identified in the name field".  Don't sign someone's key unless
you are sure you can make that statement (like, they're standing in the
same room with you and they verify that they key ID matches their real key).
Don't sign a key that you received by email or over a modem; it might
be from someone impersonating your friend (when they left their keyboard
unattended for a few minutes).
PGP works on the model that you specify, for each person on your key
ring, how much you trust them to introduce you to other people.  For
example, I trust Tom Jennings "most of the time", and I got Tom's key
from him personally.  So I know that if Tom's signature appears on
someone's key, it probably really is that person.  I've instructed PGP
to know this, too.  I also trust Phil Karn as an introducer, and got
his key from him personally.  PGP knows that if both Phil and Tom have
signed someone's key, that I can believe it *really* is that person.
The people you trust will be the people *you* trust; don't rely on trusting
someone else's friends.  We are trying to set up an interlocking web of
trusted friends so that even if you don't know me, you will know and trust
two other people who know me, and can thereby know my key is good.
Making a key distribution system that works on a web of trust is
research.  It's never been done before.  We'd like to give it a good
try, among highly motivated people, to understand how it works and how
to improve it.  The alternative we're faced with (e.g. in PEM) is
hierarchical systems in which some authority figure signs your key --
with all the attendant possibilities for misuse of power.  Let's see
if a looser, more flexible system can work as well or better.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1992-11-28 23:40:54
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: George Gleason speaks out about cryptography:  Today 2PM Berkeley. 
BMUG, Inc. 	Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility
      .     .     .     .     .     .     .    Berkeley Chapter
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Judi Clark, 549-2684 (BMUG), 261-1869 (direct),
fax: 261-4836 (direct), or e-mail judic at netcom.com
November 27, 1992
Special Interest Group on Freedom, Privacy and Technology
A public forum co-sponsored by BMUG and CPSR/Berkeley
For those that need a brief break from Thanksgiving, the CPSR/BMUG Special Interest Group will explore cryptography
with a brief overview and discussion lead by George Gleason.
Gleason is founder of a telecommunications contracting
firm in Berkeley. He is also professionally involved in psychological research on interpersonal communication and state variables (i.e. perception, cognition, etc.).
Gleason's overview will be followed by a video taken from the
Second Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy in Washington DC last March. The video is entitled: "Who Holds the Keys? Cryptography & Control: National Security vs. Personal Privacy."
You are encouraged to join us on November 29, 1992 at 2:00 pm
for a look into cryptography and personal privacy.
The Special Interest Group's next meeting is Sunday, Nov. 29, 1992, at 2:00 pm. The monthly meetings are free and open to the public. The group meets on the last Sunday of the month at the BMUG office, 2055 Center Street, Berkeley -- a half block from the Berkeley Bart station.

@_date: 1992-11-28 23:56:27
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Detailed Scenario of Dongle Usage 
Yanek's scenario might have been great for 1980, but in 1993, if your
electronic mail doesn't come right down into the computer in front
of you, that you trust, I want to know why not.  It works this way
for millions of Internet users, AppleLink users, and users of "offline
edit" programs for MCI Mail, ATT Mail, compuserve, AOL, Prodigy, etc.
It's cheaper to buy computers these days than terminals!  Seriously!
PS: Don't tell the list -- we've had more than enough traffic
recently.  Tell *me* (gnu at toad.com) why you use your computer like a
terminal instead of like a computer.  I'll be gone for a week, so lack of speedy replies doesn't mean I'm not listening.

@_date: 1992-10-08 08:41:35
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: Subscribe 
You are subscribed.
Next time, please use the cypherpunks-request at toad.com address for
administrative matters.  Tell your friends this as well.  Your request
got sent out to the whole list, not a tragedy, but an annoyance.
I met Max More at a party about a month ago.  I suspect he might be
interested in the list.  Do you have an e-mail address for him?

@_date: 1992-10-13 12:12:29
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: one time pads 
One time pads don't provide perfect security, George.  They only
provide perfect security if the opponent doesn't know the contents of
the pad.  Given that most small organizations are in locations that are
easily burglarized, ``when lives are at stake'' it would be easy for
governments to break in, copy the storage medium containing the pad, and
then read all past and future traffic encrypted with that pad.
All cryptography is economics.  If you make it harder to tap your phone
lines, but it's cheap to break in, they'll do that.  There is no absolute
security this side of the grave (and who knows about the other side).

@_date: 1992-10-27 01:31:25
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: D-H telnet protocol  *  Cheap secure phones 
Fine, Perry.  You do it.  I want to get some "easy" protection out
there now.  Easy often turns out to be six months of work all by itself.
This is the intent.  The D-H protocol will not reveal any identifying
information, and the rest of what is transacted will be protected under
the secret key produced by the D-H protocol.
There's a "CELP" standard for voice encoding which you can get from
the Feds.  They used it as an upgrade in STU-III secure phones.  It's
Federal Standard 1016.  It encodes voice at 4800 bits per second with
better quality than any known algorithm under 16,000 bits per second
(so says the paper on it).  If you give it 16 kbits/sec, it is "toll
You can get a free copy of the standard, a "technical information
bulletin 92-1" entitled "Details to Assist in Implementation of Fed
Standard 1016 CELP", and four floppies full of C and Fortran software
that implements it, plus test cases, by requesting it from:
Note that this C and Fortran code doesn't run in realtime on workstations;
it requires a DSP.  But as the "Implementation Details" paper says:

@_date: 1992-10-27 02:08:56
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Encryption? 
Maybe.  But I like John Perry Barlow's formulation better:
"You can have my encryption algorithm when you pry my cold dead fingers
from its private key."

@_date: 1992-09-21 13:24:27
@_author: Russell E. Whitaker 
@_subject: Long but good: Hammill on encryption 
The following is the text of a *very* interesting speech
given in 1987 by mathematician Chuck Hammill.  The Soviet
Union is mentioned; while this may be a little dated, there's
always China... and Cuba... and a few other places...
  FROM CROSSBOWS TO CRYPTOGRAPHY:  THWARTING THE STATE VIA
                     TECHNOLOGY
  Given at the Future of Freedom Conference, November 1987
     You   know,   technology--and   particularly   computer
technology--has often gotten a bad rap in  Libertarian  cir-
cles.  We tend to think of Orwell's 1984, or Terry Gilliam's
Brazil,  or  the  proximity  detectors keeping East Berlin's
slave/citizens on their own side of the border, or  the  so-
phisticated  bugging  devices  Nixon used to harass those on
his "enemies list."  Or, we recognize that for the price  of
a  ticket  on  the Concorde we can fly at twice the speed of
sound, but only if we first walk thru a magnetometer run  by
a  government  policeman, and permit him to paw thru our be-
longings if it beeps.
     But I think that mind-set is a mistake.   Before  there
were cattle prods, governments tortured their prisoners with
clubs  and  rubber  hoses.    Before  there  were lasers for
eavesdropping, governments used binoculars and  lip-readers.
Though  government certainly uses technology to oppress, the
evil lies not in the tools but in the wielder of the tools.
     In fact, technology represents one of the most  promis-
ing  avenues  available  for  re-capturing our freedoms from
those who have stolen them.  By its very nature,  it  favors
the  bright  (who can put it to use) over the dull (who can-
not).  It favors the adaptable (who are  quick  to  see  the
merit  of  the  new(  over  the sluggish (who cling to time-
tested ways).  And what two better words are  there  to  de-
scribe government bureaucracy than "dull" and "sluggish"?
     One  of  the  clearest,  classic triumphs of technology
over tyranny I see is  the  invention  of  the  man-portable
crossbow.   With it, an untrained peasant could now reliably
and lethally engage a target out to  fifty  meters--even  if
that  target  were  a mounted, chain-mailed knight.  (Unlike
the longbow, which, admittedly was more powerful, and  could
get  off  more shots per unit time, the crossbow required no
formal training to utilize.   Whereas the  longbow  required
elaborate  visual,  tactile  and kinesthetic coordination to
achieve any degree of accuracy, the wielder  of  a  crossbow
could simply put the weapon to his shoulder, sight along the
arrow  itself, and be reasonably assured of hitting his tar-
     Moreover, since just about  the  only  mounted  knights
likely  to  visit  your  average peasant would be government
soldiers and tax collectors, the utility of the  device  was
plain:    With it, the common rabble could defend themselves
not only against one another, but against their governmental
masters.   It was the  medieval  equivalent  of  the  armor-
piercing  bullet,  and, consequently, kings and priests (the
medieval equivalent of a  Bureau  of  Alcohol,  Tobacco  and
Crossbows)  threatened  death  and  excommunication, respec-
tively, for its unlawful possession.
     Looking at later developments, we  see  how  technology
like  the  firearm--particularly the repeating rifle and the
handgun, later followed by the Gatling gun and more advanced
machine guns--radically altered the balance of interpersonal
and inter-group power.  Not without reason was the Colt  .45
called "the equalizer."  A frail dance-hall hostess with one
in  her  possession  was  now  fully able to protect herself
against the brawniest roughneck in any saloon.    Advertise-
ments  for  the period also reflect the merchandising of the
repeating cartridge  rifle  by  declaring  that  "a  man  on
horseback,  armed with one of these rifles, simply cannot be
captured."  And, as long as his captors  were  relying  upon
flintlocks  or  single-shot rifles, the quote is doubtless a
true one.
     Updating now to  the  present,  the  public-key  cipher
(with  a  personal  computer to run it) represents an equiv-
alent quantum leap--in a defensive weapon.    Not  only  can
such  a technique be used to protect sensitive data in one's
own possession, but it can also permit two strangers to  ex-
change   information   over   an   insecure   communications
channel--a  wiretapped   phone   line,   for   example,   or
skywriting, for that matter)--without ever having previously
met  to  exchange cipher keys.   With a thousand-dollar com-
puter, you can create a cipher that  a  multi-megabuck  CRAY
X-MP  can't  crack in a year.  Within a few years, it should
be economically feasible to similarly encrypt voice communi-
cations; soon after that, full-color digitized video images.
Technology will not only have made wiretapping obsolete,  it
will  have  totally demolished government's control over in-
formation transfer.
     I'd like to take just a moment to sketch the  mathemat-
ics  which makes this principle possible.  This algorithm is
called the RSA algorithm, after Rivest, Shamir, and  Adleman
who  jointly created it.  Its security derives from the fact
that, if a very large number is  the  product  of  two  very
large  primes,  then it is extremely difficult to obtain the
two prime factors from analysis  of  their  product.    "Ex-
tremely"  in  the  sense that if primes  p  and  q  have 100
digits apiece, then their 200-digit product cannot  in  gen-
eral be factored in less than 100 years by the most powerful
computer now in existence.
     The  "public" part of the key consists of (1) the prod-
uct  pq  of the two large primes p and q, and (2)  one  fac-
tor,  call it  x  , of the product  xy  where  xy = {(p-1) *
(q-1) + 1}.  The "private" part of the key consists  of  the
other factor  y.
     Each  block of the text to be encrypted is first turned
into an integer--either by using ASCII,  or  even  a  simple
A=01,  B=02,  C=03, ... , Z=26 representation.  This integer
is then raised to the power  x (modulo pq) and the resulting
integer is then sent as the encrypted message.  The receiver
decrypts by taking this integer to the  (secret)  power    y
(modulo  pq).  It can be shown that this process will always
yield the original number started with.
     What makes this a groundbreaking development,  and  why
it  is  called  "public-key"  cryptography,"  is  that I can
openly publish the product  pq and the number   x   ,  while
keeping  secret  the number  y  --so that anyone can send me
an encrypted message, namely
                       x
                     a    (mod pq)  ,
but only I can recover the original message  a  , by  taking
what  they  send, raising it to the power  y  and taking the
result (mod pq).  The risky step (meeting to exchange cipher
keys) has been eliminated.  So people who may not even trust
each other enough to want to meet, may  still  reliably  ex-
change  encrypted  messages--each  party having selected and
disseminated his own  pq  and his  x  ,   while  maintaining
the secrecy of his own  y.
     Another benefit of this scheme is the notion of a "dig-
ital signature," to enable one to authenticate the source of
a given message.  Normally, if I want to send you a message,
I raise my plaintext  a  to your x and take the result  (mod
your pq)  and send that.
    However,  if in my message, I take the plaintext  a and
raise it to my (secret) power  y  , take the result  (mod my
pq), then raise that result to your x   (mod  your  pq)  and
send this, then even after you have normally "decrypted" the
message,  it  will still look like garbage.  However, if you
then raise it to my public power x   , and take  the  result
(mod  my public pq  ), so you will not only recover the ori-
ginal plaintext message, but you will know that no one but I
could have sent it to you (since no one else knows my secret
     And these are the very concerns by the way that are to-
day tormenting the Soviet Union about the whole question  of
personal  computers.    On the one hand, they recognize that
American schoolchildren are right now growing up  with  com-
puters  as commonplace as sliderules used to be--more so, in
fact, because there are things computers can do  which  will
interest  (and instruct) 3- and 4-year-olds.  And it is pre-
cisely these students who one generation hence will be going
head-to-head against their Soviet  counterparts.    For  the
Soviets  to  hold  back might be a suicidal as continuing to
teach swordsmanship  while  your  adversaries  are  learning
ballistics.    On  the  other hand, whatever else a personal
computer may be, it is also an exquisitely efficient copying
machine--a floppy disk will hold upwards of 50,000 words  of
text,  and  can  be  copied in a couple of minutes.  If this
weren't threatening enough, the computer that  performs  the
copy  can also encrypt the data in a fashion that is all but
unbreakable.  Remember that in Soviet society  publicly  ac-
cessible  Xerox  machines are unknown.   (The relatively few
copying machines in existence  are  controlled  more  inten-
sively than machine guns are in the United States.)
     Now  the  "conservative" position is that we should not
sell these computers to the Soviets, because they could  use
them  in weapons systems.  The "liberal" position is that we
should sell them, in  the  interests  of  mutual  trade  and
cooperation--and  anyway,  if  we don't make the sale, there
will certainly be some other nation willing to.
     For my part, I'm ready to suggest that the  Libertarian
position should be to give them to the Soviets for free, and
if  necessary, make them take them . . . and if that doesn't
work load up an SR-71  Blackbird  and  air  drop  them  over
Moscow in the middle of the night.  Paid for by private sub-
scription, of course, not taxation . . . I confess that this
is not a position that has gained much support among members
of  the conventional left-right political spectrum, but, af-
ter all, in the words of one of Illuminatus's characters, we
are political non-Euclideans:   The shortest distance  to  a
particular  goal may not look anything like what most people
would consider a "straight line."    Taking  a  long  enough
world-view,  it is arguable that breaking the Soviet govern-
ment monopoly on information transfer could better  lead  to
the enfeeblement and, indeed, to the ultimate dissolution of
the Soviet empire than would the production of another dozen
missiles aimed at Moscow.
     But  there's  the rub:  A "long enough" world view does
suggest that the evil, the oppressive, the coercive and  the
simply  stupid  will "get what they deserve," but what's not
immediately clear is how the rest of  us  can  escape  being
killed, enslaved, or pauperized in the process.
    When  the  liberals and other collectivists began to at-
tack freedom, they possessed a reasonably  stable,  healthy,
functioning economy, and almost unlimited time to proceed to
hamstring   and   dismantle  it.    A  policy  of  political
gradualism was at least  conceivable.    But  now,  we  have
patchwork  crazy-quilt  economy held together by baling wire
and spit.  The state not only taxes us to  "feed  the  poor"
while also inducing farmers to slaughter milk cows and drive
up food prices--it then simultaneously turns around and sub-
sidizes research into agricultural chemicals designed to in-
crease  yields of milk from the cows left alive.  Or witness
the fact that a decline in the price of oil is considered as
potentially frightening as a comparable increase a few years
ago.  When the price went up,  we  were  told,  the  economy
risked  collapse for for want of energy.  The price increase
was called the "moral equivalent of war" and the Feds  swung
into  action.    For the first time in American history, the
speed at which you drive your car to work in the morning be-
came an issue of Federal concern.   Now, when the  price  of
oil  drops, again we risk problems, this time because Ameri-
can oil companies and Third World  basket-case  nations  who
sell  oil  may  not  be  able to ever pay their debts to our
grossly over-extended banks.  The suggested panacea is  that
government  should now re-raise the oil prices that OPEC has
lowered, via a new oil tax.  Since the government is seeking
to raise oil prices to about the same extent  as  OPEC  did,
what  can we call this except the "moral equivalent of civil
war--the government against its own people?"
     And, classically, in international trade, can you imag-
ine any entity in the world except  a  government  going  to
court  claiming  that  a  vendor  was  selling  it goods too
cheaply and demanding not only that that naughty  vendor  be
compelled by the court to raise its prices, but also that it
be punished for the act of lowering them in the first place?
     So  while the statists could afford to take a couple of
hundred years to trash our  economy  and  our  liberties--we
certainly  cannot  count  on  having an equivalent period of
stability in which to reclaim them.   I contend  that  there
exists  almost  a  "black  hole"  effect in the evolution of
nation-states just as in the evolution of stars.  Once free-
dom contracts beyond a certain  minimum  extent,  the  state
warps  the fabric of the political continuum about itself to
the degree that subsequent re-emergence of  freedom  becomes
all but impossible.  A good illustration of this can be seen
in the area of so-called "welfare" payments.  When those who
sup  at the public trough outnumber (and thus outvote) those
whose taxes must replenish the trough,  then  what  possible
choice has a democracy but to perpetuate and expand the tak-
ing  from  the few for the unearned benefit of the many?  Go
down to the nearest "welfare" office, find just  two  people
on  the dole . . . and recognize that between them they form
a voting bloc that can forever outvote you on  the  question
of who owns your life--and the fruits of your life's labor.
     So essentially those who love liberty need an "edge" of
some  sort  if  we're ultimately going to prevail.  We obvi-
ously  can't  use  the  altruists'  "other-directedness"  of
"work,  slave, suffer, sacrifice, so that next generation of
a billion random strangers can  live  in  a  better  world."
Recognize  that, however immoral such an appeal might be, it
is nonetheless an extremely powerful one in today's culture.
If you can convince  people  to  work  energetically  for  a
"cause," caring only enough for their personal welfare so as
to  remain  alive  enough  and  healthy  enough  to continue
working--then you have a truly massive reservoir  of  energy
to draw from.  Equally clearly, this is just the sort of ap-
peal which tautologically cannot be utilized for egoistic or
libertarian goals.  If I were to stand up before you tonight
and say something like, "Listen, follow me as I enunciate my
noble "cause," contribute your money to support the "cause,"
give  up  your  free  time  to  work for the "cause," strive
selflessly to bring it about, and then (after you  and  your
children are dead) maybe your children's children will actu-
ally  live under egoism"--you'd all think I'd gone mad.  And
of course you'd be right.  Because the point I'm  trying  to
make is that libertarianism and/or egoism will be spread if,
when, and as, individual libertarians and/or egoists find it
profitable and/or enjoyable to do so.    And  probably  only
     While I certainly do not disparage the concept of poli-
tical  action, I don't believe that it is the only, nor even
necessarily the most cost-effective path  toward  increasing
freedom  in  our time.  Consider that, for a fraction of the
investment in time, money and effort I might expend in  try-
ing  to  convince  the  state to abolish wiretapping and all
forms of censorship--I can teach every libertarian who's in-
terested  how  to   use   cryptography   to   abolish   them
     There  is  a  maxim--a proverb--generally attributed to
the Eskimoes, which very likely most Libertarians  have  al-
ready  heard.    And while you likely would not quarrel with
the saying, you might well feel that you've heard  it  often
enough already, and that it has nothing further to teach us,
and moreover, that maybe you're even tired of hearing it.  I
shall therefore repeat it now:
     If you give a man a fish, the saying runs, you feed him
for a day.  But if you teach a man how to fish, you feed him
for a lifetime.
     Your exposure to the quote was probably in some sort of
a  "workfare"  vs.  "welfare"  context;  namely, that if you
genuinely wish to help someone in need, you should teach him
how to earn his sustenance, not simply how to  beg  for  it.
And of course this is true, if only because the next time he
is hungry, there might not be anybody around willing or even
able to give him a fish, whereas with the information on how
to fish, he is completely self sufficient.
     But  I  submit  that this exhausts only the first order
content of the quote, and if there were nothing  further  to
glean  from  it,  I would have wasted your time by citing it
again.  After all, it seems to have almost a crypto-altruist
slant, as though to imply that we should structure  our  ac-
tivities  so  as  to  maximize  the  benefits to such hungry
beggars as we may encounter.
     But consider:
     Suppose this Eskimo doesn't know how to  fish,  but  he
does  know  how  to hunt walruses.   You, on the other hand,
have often gone hungry while traveling thru  walrus  country
because  you  had  no idea how to catch the damn things, and
they ate most of the fish you could catch.  And now  suppose
the  two  of  you  decide to exchange information, bartering
fishing knowledge for hunting knowledge.   Well,  the  first
thing  to  observe  is  that  a  transaction  of  this  type
categorically and unambiguously refutes the Marxist  premise
that  every  trade  must  have a "winner" and a "loser;" the
idea that if one person gains, it must necessarily be at the
"expense" of another person who loses.  Clearly, under  this
scenario, such is not the case.  Each party has gained some-
thing  he  did  not have before, and neither has been dimin-
ished in any way.  When it comes to exchange of  information
(rather  than material objects) life is no longer a zero-sum
game.  This is an extremely powerful notion.   The  "law  of
diminishing   returns,"   the  "first  and  second  laws  of
thermodynamics"--all those "laws" which constrain our possi-
bilities in other contexts--no longer bind us!   Now  that's
     Or  consider  another possibility:  Suppose this hungry
Eskimo never learned  to  fish  because  the  ruler  of  his
nation-state    had  decreed fishing illegal.   Because fish
contain dangerous tiny bones, and sometimes sharp spines, he
tells us, the state has decreed that their  consumption--and
even  their  possession--are  too  hazardous to the people's
health to be permitted . . . even by knowledgeable,  willing
adults.   Perhaps it is because citizens' bodies are thought
to be government property, and therefore it is the  function
of the state to punish those who improperly care for govern-
ment  property.    Or perhaps it is because the state gener-
ously extends to competent adults the "benefits" it provides
to children and to the mentally ill:  namely,  a  full-time,
all-pervasive supervisory conservatorship--so that they need
not  trouble  themselves  with making choices about behavior
thought physically risky or morally "naughty."  But, in  any
case,  you  stare stupefied, while your Eskimo informant re-
lates how this law is taken so seriously that  a  friend  of
his was recently imprisoned for years for the crime of "pos-
session of nine ounces of trout with intent to distribute."
     Now  you  may  conclude  that  a society so grotesquely
oppressive as to enforce a law of this  type  is  simply  an
affront to the dignity of all human beings.  You may go far-
ther  and  decide to commit some portion of your discretion-
ary, recreational time specifically to the task of thwarting
this tyrant's goal.  (Your rationale may be "altruistic"  in
the   sense   of  wanting  to  liberate  the  oppressed,  or
"egoistic" in the sense of  proving  you  can  outsmart  the
oppressor--or  very likely some combination of these or per-
haps even other motives.)
     But, since you have zero desire to become a  martyr  to
your "cause," you're not about to mount a military campaign,
or  even try to run a boatload of fish through the blockade.
However, it is here that technology--and in  particular  in-
formation technology--can multiply your efficacy literally a
hundredfold.    I say "literally," because for a fraction of
the effort (and virtually none of  the  risk)  attendant  to
smuggling in a hundred fish, you can quite readily produce a
hundred  Xerox copies of fishing instructions.  (If the tar-
geted government, like present-day America, at least permits
open  discussion  of  topics  whose  implementation  is  re-
stricted,  then that should suffice.  But, if the government
attempts to suppress the flow of information as  well,  then
you will have to take a little more effort and perhaps write
your  fishing manual on a floppy disk encrypted according to
your mythical Eskimo's public-key parameters.  But as far as
increasing real-world access to fish you have  made  genuine
nonzero  headway--which  may  continue to snowball as others
re-disseminate the information you have provided.   And  you
have not had to waste any of your time trying to convert id-
eological  adversaries, or even trying to win over the unde-
cided.  Recall Harry Browne's dictum  from  "Freedom  in  an
Unfree World" that the success of any endeavor is in general
inversely proportional to the number of people whose persua-
sion is necessary to its fulfilment.
     If  you  look  at  history, you cannot deny that it has
been dramatically shaped by men with names like  Washington,
Lincoln,  .  .  .  Nixon  .  . . Marcos . . . Duvalier . . .
Khadaffi . . .  and their ilk.  But it has also been  shaped
by  people with names like Edison, Curie, Marconi, Tesla and
Wozniak.  And this latter shaping has been at least as  per-
vasive, and not nearly so bloody.
     And  that's  where  I'm  trying  to  take The LiberTech
Project.  Rather than beseeching the state to please not en-
slave, plunder or constrain us, I propose a libertarian net-
work spreading  the  technologies  by  which  we  may  seize
freedom for ourselves.
     But here we must be a bit careful.  While it is not (at
present)  illegal  to  encrypt  information  when government
wants to spy on you, there is no guarantee of what  the  fu-
ture  may hold.  There have been bills introduced, for exam-
ple, which would have made it a crime  to  wear  body  armor
when government wants to shoot you.  That is, if you were to
commit certain crimes while wearing a Kevlar vest, then that
fact  would  constitute a separate federal crime of its own.
This law to my knowledge has not passed . . . yet . . .  but
it does indicate how government thinks.
     Other  technological  applications,  however, do indeed
pose legal risks.  We recognize, for  example,  that  anyone
who  helped a pre-Civil War slave escape on the "underground
railroad" was making a clearly illegal use of technology--as
the sovereign government of the United States of America  at
that time found the buying and selling of human beings quite
as  acceptable  as  the buying and selling of cattle.  Simi-
larly, during Prohibition, anyone who used  his  bathtub  to
ferment  yeast and sugar into the illegal psychoactive drug,
alcohol--the controlled substance, wine--was using  technol-
ogy  in a way that could get him shot dead by federal agents
for his "crime"--unfortunately not to be  restored  to  life
when  Congress  reversed itself and re-permitted use of this
     So . . . to quote a former President,  un-indicted  co-
conspirator  and pardoned felon . . . "Let me make one thing
perfectly clear:"  The LiberTech Project does not  advocate,
participate  in, or conspire in the violation of any law--no
matter how oppressive,  unconstitutional  or  simply  stupid
such  law may be.  It does engage in description (for educa-
tional and informational  purposes  only)  of  technological
processes,  and some of these processes (like flying a plane
or manufacturing a firearm) may well require appropriate li-
censing to perform legally.    Fortunately,  no  license  is
needed  for  the  distribution or receipt of information it-
     So, the next time you look at the political  scene  and
despair,  thinking,  "Well,  if 51% of the nation and 51% of
this State, and 51% of this city have  to  turn  Libertarian
before  I'll  be  free,  then  somebody might as well cut my
goddamn throat now, and put me out of my  misery"--recognize
that  such  is not the case.  There exist ways to make your-
self free.
     If you wish to explore such techniques via the Project,
you are welcome to give me your name and address--or a  fake
name  and  mail  drop, for that matter--and you'll go on the
mailing list for my erratically-published newsletter.    Any
friends  or acquaintances whom you think would be interested
are welcome as well.  I'm not even asking for stamped  self-
addressed envelopes, since my printer can handle mailing la-
bels and actual postage costs are down in the noise compared
with  the  other  efforts  in getting an issue out.   If you
should have an idea to share, or even a  useful  product  to
plug,  I'll be glad to have you write it up for publication.
Even if you want to be the proverbial "free rider" and  just
benefit  from  what others contribute--you're still welcome:
Everything will be public domain; feel free to  copy  it  or
give it away (or sell it, for that matter, 'cause if you can
get  money  for  it while I'm taking full-page ads trying to
give it away, you're certainly entitled to  your  capitalist
profit . . .)  Anyway, every application of these principles
should make the world just a little freer, and I'm certainly
willing to underwrite that, at least for the forseeable  fu-
     I  will leave you with one final thought:  If you don't
learn how to beat your plowshares into  swords  before  they
outlaw  swords,  then you sure as HELL ought to learn before
they outlaw plowshares too.
                                       --Chuck Hammill
                                 THE LIBERTECH PROJECT
                                 3194 Queensbury Drive
                               Los Angeles, California
                                                 90064
                                          310-836-4157
[The above LiberTech address was updated June 1992, with the
 permission of Chuck Hammill, by:
Russell Earl Whitaker                   whitaker at eternity.demon.co.uk
Communications Editor                       71750.2413 at compuserve.com
EXTROPY: The Journal of Transhumanist Thought         AMIX: RWHITAKER
Board member, Extropy Institute (ExI)
[.sig revised 11 September 1992    ///    Send mail to eternity node]
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
That's it from here.
Ono-Sendai Corporation

@_date: 1992-09-21 22:47:51
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: No Subject 
Welcome to the cypherpunks mailing list.
We have a real mailing list now, and not just a mail alias on my
account.  Thanks to John Gilmore for space on hoptoad and Hugh Daniel
for setting things up.
Mail to the list members at
Request additions or deletions, talk to the list maintainer (me, Eric
Hughes) at
Tell your friends about the list and have them join if they wish, and
have them do the same, but please do not post the list address yet.
We'd like to have a core group working before we advertise to avoid
diffusion of interest at the outset.
Second Meeting -- October 10, 1992
The second meeting will be held at the new Cygnus offices.  Exact
address and directions to follow.
We do not have an exact agenda yet, but one should be arriving in the
next few days.  Please mark you calendars now and start telling your
For this meeting and until further announced, we are using a
transitive trust system for invitations.  Invite anybody you want and
let them invite anybody they want and so on.
The crypto-anarchy game we tried out at the first meeting was as good
a success as we could have hoped for from an untested idea.  The game
seems useful and fun enough to warrant continued play and play
testing, so we'll be playing again at this and future meetings.  We observed several interesting emergent behaviors in the first
session, including resellers and reputation behaviors.  We'll play a
two hour session this time and discuss it afterwards.

@_date: 1992-09-22 12:17:43
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: Radio program on wiretaps and encryption:  Wednesday at noon 
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.privacy,alt.activism
The Telecommunications Radio Project at KPFA is producing a series of
thirteen hour-long radio programs on issues in communications.  The
first program is on the FBI's `Digital Telephony' e-z-wiretap proposal
and the politics of encryption.
The first half-hour will be an introduction and a panel discussion,
featuring Jim Bidzos of RSA Data Security; Jim Kalstrom, head of
investigative technology for the FBI; and me, representing the
Electronic Frontier Foundation.  You can phone in questions and comments
in the second half of the show.  The call-in number is:
This program will be broadcast live on Wed, September 23, at noon, on
these California stations:
These other stations will be picking up the broadcast, and probably transmitting it at a later time.  Phone the station to find
out when it's scheduled.
KMUD	Redway, California	KCBL	Sacramento, California
KPBS	San Diego, California	WMNF	Tampa, Florida
KSUI	Iowa City, Iowa		KSAI	Minneapolis, Minnesota
KSMU	Springfield, Missouri	WCPN	Cleveland, Ohio
WYSO	Yellow Springs, Ohio	WBAI	New York, New York
WXXI	Rochester, New York	WEOS	Geneva, New York
KRCL	Salt Lake City, Utah	KPBX	Spokane, Washington
KUOW	Seattle, Washington
If you are not with in reach of a station that is broadcasting the
Communications Revolution, please call your local station and pitch it
to the program director.  Have them call the Telecommincations Radio
Project at KPFA, at +1 510 848 6767 x263 or x264.
Future shows (Wednesdays at noon) will cover isses like how the concept
of libraries is changing; what information is availible to (and held
back from) the public; and electronic democracy where the voters can
feed back directly to goverment agencies or change the outcome of an
election via computer networks.
Please tune in, and phone in good questions.  See you in the airwaves!

@_date: 1993-04-02 16:11:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Uunet is an "enhanced service provider", not a common carrier 
I spoke with Mike O'Dell about this; he says uunet is an enhanced service
provider.  It is not a common carrier.  (Let's not discuss this in cypherpunks
anyway -- I just wanted to set the record straight.)

@_date: 1993-04-07 13:38:27
@_author: David Reeve Sward 
@_subject: Real-time BBS Encryption?? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 7-Apr-93 Real-time BBS Encryption??
by Eric Hughes at soda.berkele Actually, there is a rather old (for the PC) abstraction called FOSSIL
(Fido Opus Seadog Serial Interface Layer ... or so).  It is essentially
an extention/replacement for the BIOS int 0x14 driver.  It is certainly
possible to further extend this for encryption by adding some functions
to the interface.  The two FOSSILs I know of are X00 and BNU - They can
be found in oak.oakland.edu:/pub/msdos/fossil

@_date: 1993-04-16 12:24:26
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: White House press release on encryption policy 
Note:  This file will also be available via anonymous file
transfer from csrc.ncsl.nist.gov in directory /pub/nistnews and
via the NIST Computer Security BBS at 301-948-5717.
     ---------------------------------------------------
                         THE WHITE HOUSE
                  Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release                           April 16, 1993
                STATEMENT BY THE PRESS SECRETARY
The President today announced a new initiative that will bring
the Federal Government together with industry in a voluntary
program to improve the security and privacy of telephone
communications while meeting the legitimate needs of law
The initiative will involve the creation of new products to
accelerate the development and use of advanced and secure
telecommunications networks and wireless communications links.
For too long there has been little or no dialogue between our
private sector and the law enforcement community to resolve the
tension between economic vitality and the real challenges of
protecting Americans.  Rather than use technology to accommodate
the sometimes competing interests of economic growth, privacy and
law enforcement, previous policies have pitted government against
industry and the rights of privacy against law enforcement.
Sophisticated encryption technology has been used for years to
protect electronic funds transfer.  It is now being used to
protect electronic mail and computer files.  While encryption
technology can help Americans protect business secrets and the
unauthorized release of personal information, it also can be used
by terrorists, drug dealers, and other criminals.
A state-of-the-art microcircuit called the "Clipper Chip" has
been developed by government engineers.  The chip represents a
new approach to encryption technology.  It can be used in new,
relatively inexpensive encryption devices that can be attached to
an ordinary telephone.  It scrambles telephone communications
using an encryption algorithm that is more powerful than many in
commercial use today.
This new technology will help companies protect proprietary
information, protect the privacy of personal phone conversations
and prevent unauthorized release of data transmitted
electronically.  At the same time this technology preserves the
ability of federal, state and local law enforcement agencies to
intercept lawfully the phone conversations of criminals. A "key-escrow" system will be established to ensure that the
"Clipper Chip" is used to protect the privacy of law-abiding
Americans.  Each device containing the chip will have two unique
                                2
"keys," numbers that will be needed by authorized government
agencies to decode messages encoded by the device.  When the
device is manufactured, the two keys will be deposited separately
in two "key-escrow" data bases that will be established by the
Attorney General.  Access to these keys will be limited to
government officials with legal authorization to conduct a
The "Clipper Chip" technology provides law enforcement with no
new authorities to access the content of the private
conversations of Americans.
To demonstrate the effectiveness of this new technology, the
Attorney General will soon purchase several thousand of the new
devices.  In addition, respected experts from outside the
government will be offered access to the confidential details of
the algorithm to assess its capabilities and publicly report
their findings.
The chip is an important step in addressing the problem of
encryption's dual-edge sword:  encryption helps to protect the
privacy of individuals and industry, but it also can shield
criminals and terrorists.  We need the "Clipper Chip" and other
approaches that can both provide law-abiding citizens with access
to the encryption they need and prevent criminals from using it
to hide their illegal activities.  In order to assess technology
trends and explore new approaches (like the key-escrow system),
the President has directed government agencies to develop a
comprehensive policy on encryption that accommodates:
     --   the privacy of our citizens, including the need to
          employ voice or data encryption for business purposes;
     --   the ability of authorized officials to access telephone
          calls and data, under proper court or other legal
          order, when necessary to protect our citizens;
     --   the effective and timely use of the most modern
          technology to build the National Information
          Infrastructure needed to promote economic growth and
          the competitiveness of American industry in the global
          marketplace; and      --   the need of U.S. companies to manufacture and export
          high technology products.
The President has directed early and frequent consultations with
affected industries, the Congress and groups that advocate the
privacy rights of individuals as policy options are developed.
                                3
The Administration is committed to working with the private
sector to spur the development of a National Information
Infrastructure which will use new telecommunications and computer
technologies to give Americans unprecedented access to
information.  This infrastructure of high-speed networks
("information superhighways") will transmit video, images, HDTV
programming, and huge data files as easily as today's telephone
system transmits voice.
Since encryption technology will play an increasingly important
role in that infrastructure, the Federal Government must act
quickly to develop consistent, comprehensive policies regarding
its use.  The Administration is committed to policies that
protect all Americans' right to privacy while also protecting
them from those who break the law.
Further information is provided in an accompanying fact sheet. The provisions of the President's directive to acquire the new
encryption technology are also available.  For additional details, call Mat Heyman, National Institute of
Standards and Technology, (301) 975-2758.
- - ---------------------------------
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE CLINTON ADMINISTRATION'S
TELECOMMUNICATIONS INITIATIVE
Q:   Does this approach expand the authority of government
     agencies to listen in on phone conversations?
A:   No.  "Clipper Chip" technology provides law enforcement with
     no new authorities to access the content of the private
     conversations of Americans.
Q:   Suppose a law enforcement agency is conducting a wiretap on
     a drug smuggling ring and intercepts a conversation
     encrypted using the device.  What would they have to do to
     decipher the message?
A:   They would have to obtain legal authorization, normally a
     court order, to do the wiretap in the first place.  They
     would then present documentation of this authorization to
     the two entities responsible for safeguarding the keys and
     obtain the keys for the device being used by the drug
     smugglers.  The key is split into two parts, which are
     stored separately in order to ensure the security of the key
     escrow system.
Q:   Who will run the key-escrow data banks?
A:   The two key-escrow data banks will be run by two independent
     entities.  At this point, the Department of Justice and the
     Administration have yet to determine which agencies will
     oversee the key-escrow data banks.
Q:   How strong is the security in the device?  How can I be sure
     how strong the security is?  A:   This system is more secure than many other voice encryption
     systems readily available today.  While the algorithm will
     remain classified to protect the security of the key escrow
     system, we are willing to invite an independent panel of
     cryptography experts to evaluate the algorithm to assure all
     potential users that there are no unrecognized
     vulnerabilities.
Q:   Whose decision was it to propose this product?
A:   The National Security Council, the Justice Department, the
     Commerce Department, and other key agencies were involved in
     this decision.  This approach has been endorsed by the
     President, the Vice President, and appropriate Cabinet
     officials.
Q:   Who was consulted?  The Congress?  Industry?
A:   We have on-going discussions with Congress and industry on
     encryption issues, and expect those discussions to intensify
     as we carry out our review of encryption policy.  We have
     briefed members of Congress and industry leaders on the
     decisions related to this initiative.
Q:   Will the government provide the hardware to manufacturers?
A:   The government designed and developed the key access
     encryption microcircuits, but it is not providing the
     microcircuits to product manufacturers.  Product
     manufacturers can acquire the microcircuits from the chip
     manufacturer that produces them.
Q:   Who provides the "Clipper Chip"?
A:   Mykotronx programs it at their facility in Torrance,
     California, and will sell the chip to encryption device
     manufacturers.  The programming function could be licensed
     to other vendors in the future.
Q:   How do I buy one of these encryption devices? A:   We expect several manufacturers to consider incorporating
     the "Clipper Chip" into their devices.
Q:   If the Administration were unable to find a technological
     solution like the one proposed, would the Administration be
     willing to use legal remedies to restrict access to more
     powerful encryption devices?
A:   This is a fundamental policy question which will be
     considered during the broad policy review.  The key escrow
     mechanism will provide Americans with an encryption product
     that is more secure, more convenient, and less expensive
     than others readily available today, but it is just one
     piece of what must be the comprehensive approach to
     encryption technology, which the Administration is
     developing.
     The Administration is not saying, "since encryption
     threatens the public safety and effective law enforcement,
     we will prohibit it outright" (as some countries have
     effectively done); nor is the U.S. saying that "every
     American, as a matter of right, is entitled to an
     unbreakable commercial encryption product."  There is a
     false "tension" created in the assessment that this issue is
     an "either-or" proposition.  Rather, both concerns can be,
     and in fact are, harmoniously balanced through a reasoned,
     balanced approach such as is proposed with the "Clipper
     Chip" and similar encryption techniques.
Q:   What does this decision indicate about how the Clinton
     Administration's policy toward encryption will differ from
     that of the Bush Administration?  A:   It indicates that we understand the importance of encryption
     technology in telecommunications and computing and are
     committed to working with industry and public-interest
     groups to find innovative ways to protect Americans'
     privacy, help businesses to compete, and ensure that law
     enforcement agencies have the tools they need to fight crime
     and terrorism.
Q:   Will the devices be exportable?  Will other devices that use
     the government hardware?
A:   Voice encryption devices are subject to export control
     requirements.  Case-by-case review for each export is
     required to ensure appropriate use of these devices.  The
     same is true for other encryption devices.  One of the
     attractions of this technology is the protection it can give
     to U.S. companies operating at home and abroad.  With this
     in mind, we expect export licenses will be granted on a
     case-by-case basis for U.S. companies seeking to use these
     devices to secure their own communications abroad.  We plan
     to review the possibility of permitting wider exportability
     of these products.

@_date: 1993-04-16 13:54:23
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EFF crypto statement and press release 
April 16, 1993
INITIAL EFF ANALYSIS OF CLINTON PRIVACY AND SECURITY PROPOSAL
The Clinton Administration today made a major announcement on cryptography
policy which will effect the privacy and security of millions of Americans.
 The first part of the plan is to begin a comprehensive inquiry into major
communications privacy issues such as export controls which have
effectively denied most people easy access to robust encryption, and law
enforcement issues posed by new technology.
However, EFF is very concerned that the Administration has already reached
a conclusion on one critical part of the inquiry, before any public comment
or discussion has been allowed.  Apparently, the Administration is going to
use its leverage to get all telephone equipment vendors to adopt a voice
encryption standard developed by the National Security Agency.  The
so-called "Clipper Chip" is an 80-bit, split key escrowed encryption scheme
which will be built into chips manufactured by a military contractor.  Two
separate escrow agents would store users' keys, and be required to turn
them over law enforcement upon presentation of a valid warrant.  The
encryption scheme used is to be classified, but the chips will be available
to any manufacturer for incorporation into its communications products.
     This proposal raises a number of serious concerns .
First, the Administration has adopted a solution before conducting an
inquiry.  The NSA-developed Clipper Chip may not be the most secure
product. Other vendors or developers may have better schemes. Furthermore,
we should not rely on the government as the sole source for the Clipper or
any other chips.  Rather, independent chip manufacturers should be able to
produce chipsets based on open standards.
Second, an algorithm cannot be trusted unless it can be tested. Yet, the
Administration proposes to keep the chip algorithm classified.  EFF
believes that any standard adopted ought to be public and open.  The public
will only have confidence in the security of a standard that is open to
independent, expert scrutiny.  Third, while the use of the use of a split-key, dual escrowed system may
prove to be a reasonable balance between privacy and law enforcement needs,
the details of this scheme must be explored publicly before it is adopted. What will give people confidence in the safety of their keys?  Does
disclosure of keys to a third party waive an individual's Fifth Amendment
rights in subsequent criminal inquiries?  These are but a few of the many
questions the Administrations proposal raised but fails to answer.
In sum, the Administration has shown great sensitivity to the importance of
these issues by planning a comprehensive inquiry into digital privacy and
security.  However, the "Clipper Chip" solution ought to be considered as
part of the inquiry, and not be adopted before the discussion even begins.
DETAILS OF THE PROPOSAL:
The 80-bit key will be divided between two escrow agents, each of whom hold
40-bits of each key.  The manufacturer of the communications device would
be required to register all keys with the two independent escrow agents.  A
key is tied to the device, however, not the person using it.
Upon presentation of a valid court order, the two escrow agents would have
to turn the key parts over to law enforcement agents.  According to the
Presidential Directive just issued, the Attorney General will be asked to
identify appropriate escrow agents.  Some in the Administration have
suggested that one non-law enforcement federal agency (perhaps the Federal
Reserve), and one non-governmental organization could be chosen, but there
is no agreement on the identity of the agents yet.
CLASSIFIED ALGORITHM AND THE POSSIBILITY OF BACK DOORS
The Administration claims that there are no back doors -- means by which
the government or others could break the code without securing keys from
the escrow agents -- and that the President will be told there are no back
doors to this classified algorithm.  In order to prove this, Administration
sources are interested in arranging for an all-star crypto cracker team to
come in, under a security arrangement, and examine the algorithm for trap
doors.  The results of the investigation would then be made public.
The Clipper Chipset was designed and is being produced and a sole-source,
secret contract between the National Security Agency and two private firms:
 VLSI and Mycotronx.  NSA work on this plan has been underway for about
four years.  The manufacturing contract was let 14 months ago.
GOVERNMENT AS MARKET DRIVER
In order to get a market moving, and to show that the government believes
in the security of this system, the feds will be the first big customers
for this product.  Users will include the FBI, Secret Service, VP Al Gore,
and maybe even the President.  At today's Commerce Department press
briefing, a number of people asked this question, though:  why would any
private organization or individual adopt a classified standard that had no
independent guaranty of security or freedom from trap doors?
COMPREHENSIVE POLICY INQUIRY
The Administration has also announced that it is about to commence an
inquiry into all policy issues related to privacy protection, encryption,
and law enforcement.  The items to be considered include:  export controls
on encryption technology and the FBI's Digital Telephony Proposal.  It
appears that the this inquiry will be conducted by the National Security
Council.  Unfortunately, however, the Presidential Directive describing the
inquiry is classified.  Some public involvement in the process has been
promised, but they terms have yet to be specified.
FROM MORE INFORMATION CONTACT:
Jerry Berman, Executive Director (jberman at eff.org)
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel (djw at eff.org)
Full text of the Press releases and Fact Sheets issued by the
Administration will be available on EFF's ftp site.
PRESS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:  April 16, 1993
Electronic Frontier Foundation responds to Clinton Administration Digital
Privacy and Security proposals.
EFF Chairman Mitchell Kapor praises process but questions need for secret
The Clinton Administration today made a major announcement on privacy and
security for electronic communications including regular and cellular
phones.  Mitchell Kapor, EFF Chairman of the Board, praised Administration
efforts to study comprehensive solutions to privacy problems, but
questioned the specific solution which the government is seeking to impose.
"The Administration is to be commended for launching a broad inquiry into
these critical problems," said Kapor, "but they should not attempt to
impose a solution before the process has begun."
"A system based on classified, secret technology will not and should not
gain the confidence of the American public," continued Kapor, commenting on
the proposed use of the NSA-developed "Clipper Chip."  The Clipper chip is
to be sold to private corporations for incorporation in communications
products, but will be based on a classified coding system.
Kapor explained that "in the past, government-designed standards have
suffered under the suspicion that a hidden 'trap door' would allow
unauthorized governmental or private intrusion.  The only way to avoid this
mistake is to publish open standards and subject them to expert,
independent scrutiny."
The Clipper proposal would also require users to deposit their code "keys"
with "trusted" escrow agents in order to allow law enforcement to conduct
court-authorized wiretaps.
Jerry Berman, EFF's Executive Director, said that "the escrow system is an
intriguing proposal, but the details of this scheme must be explored
publicly before it is adopted. What will give people confidence in the
safety of their keys? Does disclosure of keys to a third party waive an
individual's Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination? The
administration will need to answer questions such as these before it
proceeds with this, or any other, proposal."
Jerry Berman, Executive Director
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel
tel: 202-544-3077 or 202-544-9237
eff at eff.org

@_date: 1993-04-18 11:02:18
@_author: David Reeve Sward 
@_subject: MEDIA: Adam Smith 
One person I didn't see listed is Adam Smith.  Sometime during the last
week of March he aired a piece about privacy - use of SSN, the
information you can get via computer & modem and others.  He may be
receptive to wiretap chip debate.

@_date: 1993-04-21 02:51:51
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: FAQ: Overview of crypto 
Last time I looked, it was something like 75 pages.  Those questions
aren't all asked *that* frequently.
This part is false.  The ITAR does *not* apply to importing crypto.
I have read the regs and found no evidence of import regulations on
cryptography.  If anyone tells you that they exist, ask for a copy of
the regulations, or a citation of the regulations, or a citation of a
court case that was based on the regulations.  Any of these will let
me (or you) determine what is actually happening.  [Nobody who I've
asked for this stuff has ever been able to produce it.]
Ditto -- no legal problem, just bandwidth.  Though the posting appears
to assume that the reader is in the U.S., a bad assumption.  `Using a
local site...`?

@_date: 1993-04-21 11:17:43
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Meets 'n Greets (IRC Meetings Maybe?) -- Internet audio? 
We could set up an encrypted `vat' audio session between the locations.
Cygnus has T1 connectivity to the Internet.  Someone would need
to provide a good self-powered speaker to plug into the Sun audio
port (a standard mini phono plug).  We have a microphone that will possibly
work, though we should run some tests before the meeting.
Cygnus does not have multicast support, so we can't feed the `mbone'
(multicast backbone) with it, but we can attempt one or several
point-to-point links.
`vat' runs on Suns and is available from ftp.ee.lbl.gov or
ftp.cygnus.com:/pub/vat.1.56.tar.Z.  It's `Van's Audio Tool',
unfortunately available only in binary.  Its encryption option
requires that the participants agree on a key in advance, and type it
into each workstation at the time of the conference.

@_date: 1993-04-21 19:35:26
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Wired `Cypherpunk' issues will be available at the meeting 
I got a box of magazines and will be selling them at the cover price
($5) at the meeting.  It's the May/June issue.  The cover features
three masked cypherpunks behind a flag; the whole crew appears on page 54.
People who aren't coming to the meeting can get copies at their local
bookstore, or call George Clark at Wired at +1 415 904 0660.  If you
want to subscribe (6 issues/year, $20), you can call +1 800 SO WIRED
or send a check to Wired, 544 2nd St, SF, CA 94107.

@_date: 1993-04-22 21:08:57
@_author: David Reeve Sward 
@_subject: CLIPPER: Explanation sheet? 
I (along with others) have some sort of phrase in our .signature saying
"Stop the Clipper Chip" or somesuch.  Since adding this, I have had
several people ask me about this, and I have fired off an explanation to
them.  I am wondering if there is a Wiretap Chip Explanation Sheet to
send to people instead of trying to make sure I remember everything (and
without double-checking everything I say).  Has anyone written such a

@_date: 1993-04-22 23:50:02
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: CRYPTO '93  -  Conference Announcement & Final Call for Papers 
I recommend this conference.  It's cheap to attend, you'll meet almost all
the world-class cryptographers there are (out in the open, as well as some
of the spooks), the food is great, and the campus is a fun place to visit.
Everything is in walking distance, and the ocean and cliffs are right there.
As well as a lot of interesting people and discussions.
I wouldn't submit a paper unless it was a serious academic paper, but
you could submit a "rump session" talk about some of the cypherpunk
activities you've been doing.  You'll get five or ten minutes to
explain and handle questions, with overhead slides.  The presentations
have ranged from how to break DES (Adi Shamir & Eli Biham) to ideas
about building MSDOS viruses that would infect millions of PC's to do
brute force crypto cracking (Steve White of IBM, I think).  I've
spoken at two of the last three rump sessions about one or another
social or political aspect of cryptography.  Whit Diffie chairs the
rump session, which is held after dinner with beer and wine, and you
can send him proposals for your talk by email (diffie at eng.sun.com).
        CRYPTO '93  -  Conference Announcement & Final Call for Papers
The Thirteenth Annual CRYPTO Conference, sponsored by the International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR), in cooperation with the IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Security and Privacy, the Computer Science Department of the University of California, Santa Barbara, and Bell-Northern Research (a subsidiary of Northern Telecom), will be held on the campus of the University of California, Santa Barbara, on August 22-26, 1993. Original research papers and technical expository talks are solicited on all practical and theoretical aspects of cryptology. It is anticipated that some talks may also be presented by special invitation of the Program Committee.

@_date: 1993-04-26 22:24:33
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Markey hearings on Thursday will be on the Internet MBone 
John Gage tells me that audio from the Congressional hearings on
telephone privacy and Clipper will be multicast on the Internet
`MBone' (multicast backbone).  We don't yet know the multicast address.
If someone who knows about the mbone could hook in and record a copy
of the hearings (as an online sound file, or on tape), that would be
great.  I'll be at a conference on Thursday.

@_date: 1993-04-29 10:32:24
@_author: Stephen P. Marting 
@_subject: Need some Advice 
Excerpts from cypherpunks: 28-Apr-93 Need some Advice by "Robert D
Well, I'm not too sure what this has to do with cypherpunking, but here goes:
The difference between Software Engineering and Computer Science is sort
of like the difference between Differential Equations and Mathematics. SoftEng is a subset of CompSci.  I don't believe there are any schools
that offer SoftEng as a BS degree - very few schools even offer an
undergrad-level SoftEng course, Carnegie Mellon University (we're ranked
second in CompSci overall) being a notable exception.  We offer a
Masters degree in SoftEng, and even have a program set up that allows a
student to achieve a BS in CompSci and a MS in SoftEng in five years. [However, squeezing both those degree programs into a 5-year period
would probably kill most ordinary mortals.  I don't recommend this
program, as lots of people have a hard time fitting the BS into
four-and-a-half :) years.  We're a tough school...]
Not a University Spokescritter, but I play one on the net,
spam+ at cmu.edu          |~|___________   Spam is:            Please
sm6h+ at andrew.cmu.edu   |             \  Steve Marting       Email me
anonymous mail:        | .           /  Carnegie Mellon U.  For my PGP
ap.2879 at cupid.sai.com  |_____________>  Pittsburgh, PA      Public key!

@_date: 1993-04-30 17:27:13
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: I don't take it personally... 
Tim, I'm responding to your question about patents.  I don't know
of any reason why individual licenses to use the public-key patents
in connection with specified authorized programs couldn't be granted under U.S. patent law.  In general, a patent holder has
the right to exclude unauthorized persons from making, using, or
selling the patented invention.  A patent holder can grant non-
exclusive licenses to make, use, or sell.  Legally speaking, a
non-exclusive license can be thought of as a promise by the paent
holder not to sue the licensee for acts within the scope of the
license which would otherwise constitute patent infringement, in
return for some kind of consideration.  The major limits on a valid patent are "patent misuse" (where
the patent holder overreaches) and antitrust (where the patent
holder uses the patent to restrain trade).  Patent licensing is a pretty flexible mechanism.  I'm no expert,
though, and I've never quite understood exactly what this patent
protects, nor have I seen the actual claims of the issued patent.

@_date: 1993-08-05 18:22:04
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: help with encryptor 
In reply to your:
I dunno, but the Aug/Sept 1993 issue of PC Techniques magazine
contains a notice on page 100 of the publication of something that
might be useful. It's a C library of encryption routines (Microsoft
and Borland compatible). "The encryption method is a symmetric key
encryption process applicable both to blocks of data in RAM ... and
also to data residing in disk files. ...  Full source code is
included ..."   Unfortunately it's not free (though I don't suppose
there's any reason why it should be).  The notice says further details
are available from the publisher at 510-464-3009.

@_date: 1993-08-05 23:28:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: My personal objection to NIST's DSS exclusive licensing proposal 
[I encourage you to file objections too.  They don't have to be eight
 pages long!  One page will do.]
John Gilmore
PO Box 170608
San Francisco, California, USA  94117
August 5, 1993
Michael R. Rubin
Active Chief Counsel for Technology
Room A-1111, Administration Building,
National Institute of Standards and Technology
Gaithersburg, Maryland 20899
Phone: +1(301) 975-2803.
Fax: +1(301) 926-2569.
Dear Sir:
I am writing to provide written evidence and argument that the grant of
your prospective license for the Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA) to
Public Key Partners (PKP) would not be consistent with the requirements
of 35 U.S.C. 209 and 37 CFR 404.7.  I am also applying for a personal,
non-exclusive, sublicensable, and transferable license for the DSA.
I propose that instead of granting a license to PKP, the Government:
        Put its DSA technology into the public domain, and
        Standardize RSA as a digital signature algorithm.
In particular, the NIST proposal must meet the following criteria from
35 U.S.C. 209 (c)(1):
   (A) the interests of the Federal Government and the public will
   best be served by the proposed license, in view of the applicant's
   intentions, plans, and ability to bring the invention to practical
   application or otherwise promote the invention's utilization by
   the public;
I argue that interests of the Federal Government and the public
will best be served by my proposed approach to the problem.
The RSA cryptosystem was strongly considered as a digital signature
standard by NIST, and was reportedly rejected for two reasons:
The first objection is interesting; both DSA and RSA are now controlled
by patents, and both would require royalty payments by users in the
United States.  However, the RSA patents only apply in the United
States, so that the public (which includes all people on the Earth)
will be better served by standardizing on the algorithm that is
available for royalty-free use in other countries.  Also, the RSA
patent is royalty-free to the government, because it was invented with
government grants.  The patents which control the DSA are in force
worldwide, and the government does not have free use of the algorithm.
This gives a clear edge to the RSA algorithm.
Also, the patents controlling RSA will expire at least ten years
earlier than the DSA patent (if issued) and more than seven years
before the Schnorr patent which controls use of DSA.  In particular,
the RSA patent will expire on September 20, 2000, and all other patents
which control the use of RSA expire in 1997.  The Schnorr patent
expires on February 19, 2008, and the DSA patent would expire seventeen
years after it is issued, which has not occurred yet.
The traditional model of market acceptance of technology begins with a
long slow climb, requiring years, and only peaks after this momentum has
built up the proper infrastructure to support the technology.  At the
peak, many millions of people use the technology (in some cases, almost
everyone in society).  Digital signature technology has followed this
model, and is widely expected to reach millions of people within the
next five to ten years.
This is important for two reasons:
PKP is already licensing the RSA technology on terms similar to the
proposed DSA terms, and has promised non-discriminatory licensing if
RSA is standardized by NIST.
As for the second problem with standardizing on RSA, the objection
of the National Security Agency, there are two possible reasons:
This objection is completely specious.  NSA does not have a valid role
in setting domestic policy.  It is a secret agency, not accountable to
the public, and explicitly prohibited by statute from operating in the
United States or against United States citizens.  Its advice to NIST
under the Computer Security Act is restricted to be of a technical
nature, not straying onto questions of policy.  NIST is required to
give full weight to the interests of the public when deliberating on
standards.  Secret agencies whose policies oppose the public interest
have no weight in NIST's standardization process.
In fact, the standardization of identical technology for digital
signatures and for key exchange and other data encryption uses would be
a *good* decision.  This technology has already been implemented in
Lotus Notes and Privacy Enhanced Mail, and is well proven to be
acceptable to users, implementable by manufacturers, and without fault
as regards domestic encryption policy.  Tens of thousands of copies
of these products are in daily use without any impact on domestic
In this scenario, NSA has learned how to "break" RSA, either by factoring large composites, or by some other method.  The proper
response of the Government, in that case, is to publicize this
fact, in order to protect domestic communications.  Because if
NSA knows it, it's likely that opposing intelligence agencies also
know how to break RSA.  The United States is the most computerized
society, the most networked, the most communicative.  We have the
most to lose by having unsecured communications that we believe are
In addition, it's likely that the revelation of the NSA method of
breaking RSA would result in substantial progress in mathematics
in other areas besides cryptography, providing further benefit to the
Further reasons to standardize RSA rather than DSA:  The strengths and
weaknesses of the RSA algorithm are better understood by the technical
community.  More than ten years of research has gone into understanding
and implementing it.  The DSA has had much less research and thought
brought to bear on it.
A prominent cryptographer, Gustavus Simmons, alleges that the DSA
contains flaws which permit small amounts of secret information to be
conveyed in its digital signatures.  These flaws, which appear to have
been deliberately designed in, would permit the signing party to send
information to recipients of the signature, without the affected party
having any way to determine this.  For example, if a Government agency
provided a digital signature on a passport, it could secretly
communicate messages such as "this person should be searched at every
border crossing" or "this person is suspected of anti-American
leanings".  Such unproved `information' would not be tolerated by the
public if communicated on the face of the passport, but using the DSA,
an unscrupulous agency could use such suspicions to harass citizens
in the free exercise of their rights.
All of the above information should convince NIST that standardizing
the RSA technology and freeing the DSA technology would best serve the
interest of the Federal Government and the public, rather than granting
an exclusive license for the DSA technology to PKP.
The NIST proposal must also meet the following criterion from
35 U.S.C. 209 (c)(1):
   (B) the desired practical application has not been achieved, or is not
   likely expeditiously to be achieved, under any non-exclusive license
   which has been granted, or which may be granted, on the invention;
NIST's own experience with the Data Encryption Standard (DES) makes it
clear that releasing an encryption system for public use, without
assignment of exclusive rights to any organization, produces widespread
use within a short period of time.  The DES is clearly the premier
private-key encryption system in the country and in the world today.
It is used in every Automatic Teller Machine, in every bank, as well as
on the Fedwire interbank network.  A derivative algorithm is used in
the Unix password security system, which runs on more than a million
computers in daily use.  It is used in electronic mail privacy systems,
including Lotus Notes and the Privacy Enhanced Mail system for the
Internet.  It was used in secure telephones built by AT&T -- and in
fact the deployment there was too rapid for government comfort (the
FBI, NIST and NSA ended up rushing the Clipper/Skipjack program into
the public eye to prevent further deployment of telephones using this
algorithm.)  Whenever private-key encryption is used, DES is likely to
be there.  DES products are available worldwide from a large number of
chip, board, peripheral, system, and software vendors, providing data
rates ranging from very slow to a gigabit per second.
It is clear that the non-exclusive licensing of DES, as well as its
technical capability, was directly responsible for its widespread
adoption and use.  Had it been exclusively licensed, say to IBM, its
originator, it would not have enjoyed the wide use it has received.
IBM has built DES into products, but they did not sell well and capture
the market.  It was the innovative uses pioneered by others, who were
free to build on IBM's and NIST's standard without negotiations or
royalties, who produced the machines and software which has since
served large numbers of government users and the public.
The United States has a collection of programmers and cryptographers,
numbering in the hundreds, who have made significant contributions to
the development and deployment of cryptographic algorithms throughout
society.  I have seen at least ten different software implementations
of DES, freely available to everyone who wants them, including full
source code and commentary.  Each of these implementers was able to
study and build upon the work of the others, resulting in gradual
improvement of the speed and robustness of the implementations.  The
algorithm has been embedded into freely available software for
electronic mail (TIS-PEM and early PGP versions), computer network
security (Kerberos), clock synchronization (NTP), and networked voice
communications (VAT), just to name a few.  (Most of the work involved
in building these products was the software and infrastructure that was
built up AROUND the DES, by the way.)  If and when the DSA technology
is released for free use by the public, the same community will produce
widely available programs that employ it.
PKP may argue that the same development would occur, under its grant of
free noncommercial DSA licenses, but the point is that this
developement would occur WITHOUT granting an exclusive license to PKP.
And if this is true, then by statute, NIST cannot grant an exclusive
PKP may also argue that its ownership of the Schnorr patent would
prevent the development of noncommercial DSA products, unless it was
granted an exclusive license in return for allowing noncommercial use
of the Schnorr and DSA patents.  However, the record clearly shows that
even when a technology is patented (RSA, or Lempel-Ziv compression) and
when the patent owner does not have a policy of permitting
noncommercial use, the free software community will still produce
widely used programs (PGP and Compress) which produce great benefit for
the public and for the government.  These programs can be used
immediately by those willing to challenge the patent, or to whom the patent
does not apply, and can be used by everyone after the patent expires,
or if the patent owner's policy changes.
Furthermore, Public Key Partners is in the position of having paid a
lot of money for the Schnorr patent.  If the government doesn't
standardize DSA, and doesn't give PKP an exclusive DSA patent, then PKP
will have to CONVINCE people to use their expensive patent.  The
traditional way to do so is by licensing it cheaply and widely.  If
people end up wanting to use DSA even though it has not been
standardized, it's likely that a license for the Schnorr patent that
controls it will be available at a similar price to what PKP proposed
under the exclusive licensing scheme.  PKP has already granted
no-cost noncommercial licenses to other patents that it holds,
including the RSA patent, so it is certainly conceivable that it
would come to grant similar licenses for the Schnorr patent, for
the same reasons.
35 USC 209 (c)(1)(C) requires that exclusive or partially exclusive
licensing is "reasonable and necessary" to call forth capital to deploy
the invention.  The above discussion, particularly the DES evidence,
has shown that this condition does not hold.
35 USC 209 (c)(1)(D) requires that the proposed terms and scope of
exclusivity are not greater than reasonably necessary to bring the
invention to practical application.  The scope proposed by NIST is
exclusive to a single company for seventeen years.  My proposal is
partially exclusive to the same company for seven years, then would
eliminate the exclusivity completely.  The company has promised similar
terms for the licensing of the RSA patent, for that seven year period,
so the terms of the NIST proposal and my proposal are similar, though
the scope of exclusivity in mine is shorter.  My proposal continues to
provide the incentive for bringing the invention to practical
application, so condition (D) does not hold either.
The conditions in 35 USC 209 (c)(1) are joined with "and" and prefaced
with "only if"; failure to meet any one of the conditions denies the
agency the ability to issue an exclusive or partially exclusive
license.  All four conditions have failed to be met in this case, so
for NIST to grant an exclusive license to PKP would be unlawful.  The
public interest in this technology is substantial, and it is unlikely
that NIST would escape without being sued if it attempted to grant the
exclusive license anyway.  I myself contract for the full time of a
lawyer, who is currently engaged in suing the Federal Government for
its unlawful acts.  I believe that two such suits are currently in
process, against NSA and the Department of Justice.  I would not be
averse to adding NIST to the list.
In the event that NIST fails to follow my recommendation that the
DSA technology be made freely available to the public, I hereby request
a personal, non-exclusive license to practice it.  The information
required under 37 CFR 404.8 for such an applicant is:
John Gilmore

@_date: 1993-08-05 23:35:33
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Cliphack? 
Tim was calling it Clipjack, but I think Cliphack is better.
PS:  Would you trust your momma to escrow your private key?
The government is not your momma!

@_date: 1993-08-09 00:26:29
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Key-Escrow (black) Humor 
Actually, the line is:
A.  We don't comment on our interception capabilities.

@_date: 1993-08-09 15:41:52
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Big Brother's New Eyes -- Economist, August 7th 
The Economist magazine has two articles on monitoring of citizens'
activities in its August 7th issue, and mentions the problem on the
cover.  In its editorial on p. 16, it comes out in favor of anonymity:
It also reports on road-toll charging systems starting on p. 71, with
a minor mention of anonymous toll payment.  The headline is "Big
Brother is Clocking You" with a subheading of "The technology that
promises fewer traffic jams may damage your civil liberties."
The Economist is one of the truly outstanding magazines of the decade,
by the way.  It sounds stogdy but it is anything but, and it tends to spot
trends long before the rest of the world has noticed them.

@_date: 1993-08-10 11:55:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Software Patent Institute 
I saw this recently and thought it might be of interest to some people
on the list with strong feelings about IP. -S.?
Software Patent Institute
c/o Industrial Tech Inst.
2901 Hubbard St./ PO Box 1485
Ann Arbor, MI 48106-1485
(313) 769-4083
Fax: 313-769-4064
spi at iti.org
SPI "folklore" database
The SPI is now operating, and we are asking the software community to
help us build, our "folklore" database by sharing with everyone the
concepts and techniques which they find so familiar, but which the US
Patent and Trademark Office generally cannot identify as prior art,
since they lack any specific reference to the technique in question. We
must help the USPTO do its job better, so that patents are not granted
for techniques that have already been invented but were lost in the
"folklore" prior to the creation of our SPI folklore database.
[There's more to the letter, but I just wanted to give an idea. Contact
them for more information if you want. -S.]
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-08-11 07:58:38
@_author: Mail Delivery Subsystem 
@_subject: Returned mail: Host unknown 
----- Transcript of session follows -----
550 toad.com (TCP)... 550 Host unknown
554 cypherpunks at toad.com... 550 Host unknown (Valid name but no data [address])
   ----- Unsent message follows -----
Received: by access.digex.net id AA01895
  (5.65c/IDA-1.4.4 for cypherpunks at toad.com); Wed, 11 Aug 1993 07:58:38 -0400
There is a bit of funny satire in the New Yorker this week. (This is the Aug 16th issue with the funny Bruce McCall painting
of a Zeppelin park and the stories about AIDS and the Muppets.)
It's aimed at the proposed "V" chip that would allow parents
to protect their children from televised violence by shutting
off the "violence" mode of the television. The central broadcasters
would be required to include a signal saying, "Hey, we're going
to be busting some heads in this show. Turn yourself off if the
owners don't want you showing violent things." Given that we're
talking alot about Big Bubba chips like this, I'll grab a few "Sorry. I have a brand-new daughter and I'm already aware of the
grim reality: technologically speaking it's us against them--
us the parents, against them, the kids. My kid, Gabrielle, is only
five weeks old, and somehow she has already learned how to manipulate the signal from her baby monitor so as to jam my microwave
and VCR when she's cranky."
"Her mother and I have just hired a pediatric counter-insurgency expert
from the Rand Corporation to assist us in eavesdropping on and,
if necessary, interdicting some of the electronic conversation that
our daughter is involved in."
The piece is uneven in spots and given to a few dull jokes, but I
thought I would send a blip across your radar screen.

@_date: 1993-08-11 10:26:59
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Chaos harnessed for encryption / Fluctuations and Order research 
EE Times, Aug 9, 1993, p. 31 reports that "MIT's Research Lab of
Electronics is creating new signal processor designs, based on chaos
theory, that could open up a simple route to secure communications.
The new designs use a recent discovery called synchronized chaos to
transform a meaningful signal into what only seems to be random
noise., A similarly constructed receiver responds to the noisy signal,
sychronizing its own chaotic behaviour to extract the message.  The
MIT design requires only eight op-amps and is based on the Lorenz
attractor, which generates a simple three-dimensional chaotic system."
There's more, this is just a pointer.  Their current encryption system
is analog, not digital, and encrypts analog signals like audio; I
don't know if this is a fundamental design property or not.  They claim
it's not super-great encryption, just cheap and interesting.
Wired Sep/Oct 93 also reports (p.118) a Sep 9-12 conference on "Fluctuations
and Order" at Los Alamos National Labs' Center for Nonlinear Studies.
"The labs are gathering a couple dozen researchers who have realized
they can induce order into systems by using noise and randomness.  As
one abstract says, `The addition of noise to certain types of driven
systems can paradoxically cause a signal to become clearer.'"  These
seem related, to me.

@_date: 1993-08-12 09:58:12
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Secure voice software issues 
My proposal is that we get some software working that produces poor
quality speech in realtime on fast hardware that most people don't
have.  Then, improved search algorithms will bring higher quality.*
The natural evolution of faster hardware will make it available to all.
I think that we as cypherpunks have been thrown off a bit by the policy
issues and the publicity we've received.  It's time to get back into active development.  Remember, architecture *is* policy!
* The way these algorithms work is that the sender goes through a
laborious process to find the best "encoding" (literally -- out of a
code book) that matches the sounds it is trying to communicate.
Typically the quality depends on how much time it has to do this;
spending more time looking at more possibilities, makes it more likely
that you find one with a very small difference between the real signal
and the encoded signal.  We can start off with stupid algorithms that
just give up and use the best-so-far when they run out of time, and
gradually improve them to be more intelligent about the *order* in which
they search.  This requires no change to receivers; it's backward

@_date: 1993-08-13 17:49:11
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Requesting all records of the Clipper review panel 
This is a draft, which will be sent out within a day or two.
Karl Bell
Deputy Director of Administration
Freedom of Information Act Officer
National Institute of Standards and Technology
Building 101, Room A-110
Gaithersburg, MD	20899
Dear Mr. Bell:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act ("FOIA"), 5 U.S.C. $ 552, on behalf of Mr. John Gilmore for all agency records pertaining to and utilized by the Skipjack review panel ("Panel").  This request also requests access to records which must be made available under the Federal Advisory Committee Act ("FACA"), 5 U.S.C. App. II (1972).  Section 8(b)(2) of the FACA requires that the supervising agency for an advisory committee must assemble and maintain records for the committee; Section 8(b)(3) of the FACA provides that such records are subject to the The Panel's review is being performed pursuant to the President's direction that "respected experts from outside the government [] be offered access to the confidential details of the algorithm to assess its capabilities and publicly report their finding."  The Acting Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology sent letters of invitation to potential reviewers.  This request for records includes, but is not limited to: all records relating to the selection of the Panel members;
all records of the Panel's activities and use of funds [FACA $ 12(a)]; the charter of the Panel [FACA $ 9(c)]; all notices of Panel meetings [FACA $ 10(a)(2)];
all written determinations to close any part of a Panel meeting [FACA $ 10(d)];
all records, reports, transcripts, minutes, appendices, working papers, drafts, studies, agenda or other documents which were made available to or prepared by the committee [FACA $$10(b) & (c)].  For instance, the Panel's interim report states that:
We attended an initial meeting at the Institute for Defense Analyses
Supercomputing Research Center (SRC) from June 21-23.  At that
meeting, the designer of SKIPJACK provided a complete, detailed
description of the algorithm, the rationale for each feature, and the
history of the design.  The head of the NSA evaluation team described
the evaluation process and its results.  Other NSA staff briefed us on
the LEAF structure and protocols for use, generation of device keys,
protection of the devices against reverse engineering, and NSA's
history in the design and evaluation of encryption methods contained
in SKIPJACK.  Additional NSA and NIST staff were present at the
meeting to answer our questions and provide assistance.  All staff
members were forthcoming in providing us with requested information.
All records pertaining to this and other meetings of the Panel are included within the scope of this FOIA/FACA request.
If the requested records are not in the possession of your agency, I ask that you forward this request to any agency that you believe may have records that are responsive to this request.  In the alternative, I ask that you inform me of other agencies that might have such records.  As you know, the FOIA provides that even if some requested material is properly exempted from mandatory disclosure, all segregable portions must be released.  [5 U.S.C. $ 552(b)]  If any or all material covered by this request is withheld, please inform me of the specific exemptions that are being claimed.  If any of the requested material is released with deletions, I ask that each deletion be marked to indicate the exemption(s) being claimed to authorize each particular withholding.  In addition, I ask that your agency exercise its discretion to release information that may be technically exempt but where withholding would serve no important public interest.
As you know, the FOIA provides that agencies may reduce or waive fees if it would be "in the public interest because furnishing the information can be considered as primarily benefiting the public."  [5 U.S.C. $ 552(a)(4)(A)]  Release of this material would be of benefit to the public because of the importance of public discussion of technology which can enhance personal privacy.  Moreover, in previous FOIA requests to NIST, Mr. Gilmore has amply demonstrated his ability and willingness to disseminate such information to the general public.  I therefore ask that you waive any fees relating to this request.  Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in processing costs should this fee waiver be denied, so that NIST can begin processing this request while you rule on the propriety of this fee waiver.  If you have any questions regarding this request, please telephone me at the above number.  I would be happy to discuss ways in which this request could be clarified or somewhat redesigned to reflect the agency's filing system and speed the search for records.
As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within 10 working days.
Sincerely yours,
Lee Tien
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: 1993-08-17 18:45:28
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: [DEC] U.S. Computer May Have Violated Export Regulations 
r abx
^U.S. Computer May Have Violated Export Regulations<
^By PAUL RAEBURN=
^AP Science Editor=
two powerful new computers off a global computer network out of concerns
about possible export violations, even though the computers never left
the country.
access to U.S. computers operating in the United States.
to regulate weapons technology are not only infringing on American
civil liberties but also stifling innovation and hurting American
the computers from abroad, generate data, and illegally export it over
the Internet computer network, which carries data and electronic mail
around the world.
but access is now limited to people who are screened by the company,
Mark Fredrickson, a Digital spokesman, said Friday.
they do fit the government definition of a supercomputer.
in Washington said the connection of a supercomputer to a global network
could lead to violations of federal export regulations.
use it, then technically they were allowing access to a supercomputer to
people they didn't know,'' said Paul Freedenberg, who was the
Commerce Department's undersecretary for export administration at the end of
the Reagan administration.
in Washington, the law firm of former Secretary of State James Baker.
computer hookup and that he was speaking of the regulations generally. ``I
can't say Digital violated the law, because I don't know what Digital did,''
he said.
the computer available was not a violation. A Commerce Department
official, speaking on condition his name not be used, agreed that making the
computer available was not a violation, but that export of data generated on
the computer would be a violation of regulations.
said Fredrickson. It was intended to give potential customers the
opportunity to test-drive the computers. It was terminated by company
executives who wanted to avoid any appearance of violating export
regulations, he said.
government suggesting that we do anything here,'' said Fredrickson. ``This
was simply our own internal people raising the possibility of concern.''
``bulletin board,'' offered access to programs for encoding computer data.
regulations, Freedenberg said. ``It's a technical data transfer'' that falls
under the State Department's control of munitions export, he said.
ensure that the software would not be exported illegally. ``Nothing was
found that was thought to be a concern even meriting informing the
government about it,'' he said.
65 percent of its $14 billion in annual sales are overseas. In December
1991, the Commerce Department charged the company with 62 violations of
export laws and fined it $2.4 million.
export violations. Digital agreed to pay it without admitting or denying
Digital's new AXP 4000 computers, operating in a Digital laboratory in Palo
Alto, Calif. The computers, which cost from $77,000 to $100,000, are
considered midsized computers by industry standards.
its outmoded standards that define those models as supercomputers and
bring them under export regulations.
the department was prohibited by law from discussing the details of a
specific case.
from the Cold War.
certain markets,'' costing U.S. businesses at least $10 billion a year in
lost exports, said Howard Lewis, vice president of the National Association
of Manufacturers.
to the privacy interests of American citizens,'' said Daniel Weitzner,
an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a group concerned
with computers and civil-liberties issues.

@_date: 1993-08-21 08:57:30
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Cracking & auditing crypto protocols 
The person who built the standard "network license manager" for Unix
(flexlm) has offered us cypherpunks access to the protocol if we'll
try to crack it.
The auditing may indeed be duplicated.  By marketing departments, and for
the same reason as the Denning auditing -- marketing.  Solely.
There is no way that the selected group of people could crack a half-reasonable cryptosystem in a few weeks.  Real Cryptanalysts spend
months and years working on cracking cryptosystems, and none of the
panelists was a Real Cryptanalyst.  We had all the details of DES,
and it took 15 years to make a dent in it.
But they fooled you -- and maybe a lot of other people -- so there *is*
a function for such review panels.  Sponsoring one is a way to convince
innocent spectators who don't know better.  Marketing.

@_date: 1993-08-26 19:32:37
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Crypto Consulting / Employment Opportunities at Microsoft 
Posted at CRYPTO '93 in Santa Barbara this week were these two job offers,
CRYPTOGRAPHER -- Advanced Technology and Business Development, Advanced
Consumer Technology Group, reporting to Group Manager, Research Group
Primary responsibilities include the research, analysis, verification,
and recommendation of cryptographic methods; designing and proving new
methods; and working with a development team to implement such
methods.  Candidate should be familiar with authentication techniques,
blind signatures, digital signature and time-stamping techniques,
public key encryption systems, hashing methods, and encryption
standards.  Familiarity with RSA, LUC, DES, minimum knowledge systems,
and Digital Cash/Smart Card technology a plus.  A MS/Phd degree in
Mathematics, with a focus on cryptography, desired.
Do you need a research challenge which results in tangable (sic)
product?  Then Microsoft is the place for you!  Microsoft looking
(sic) to challenge the brightest mathematical minds with the latest
advances in cryptography.  The ideal candidate will be responsible for
the reserach, analysis, verification, and recommendation of
cryptographic standards as well as the design of new standards.
Candidate should be familiar with ...  [repeats itself here]
COMPUTER SECURITY EXPERT -- Advanced Technology and Business Development,
Advanced Consumer Technology Group, reporting to Group Manager.
Primary responsibilities include the reserach, analysis, verification,
and recommendation of computer and communication security techniques;
designing new methods; and working with a development team to
implement such methods.  Some programming responsibilities also will
be assumed.  Qualifications should include a minimum of 5 years
experience with secure transaction systems, data security,
authentication techniques, basic encryption technology, and knowledge
of security standards.  Famililarity with electronics funds transfer
systems (SWIFT, ...), Smart Card technology, C/C++ language, and RSA
encryption a plus.  A BS/MS/Phd degree in Computer Science or related
field preferred.
Lester Waters, +1 206 936 4288, lesterw at microsoft.com
Gideon Yuval, gideony at microsoft.com

@_date: 1993-08-29 05:43:26
@_author: Liam David Gray 
@_subject: no ftpd on soda.berkeley.edu ? 
Has anyone else tried to ftp soda in the past 2 days or so?  I've been
unable to establish a connection.  I assume whoever maintains the
Cypherpunks archive on this machine (is it Eric H.?) might be able to
find out:  Is there any ftpd running on it at the moment, and what's the
expected downtime?
- Liam Gray
lg2g+ at andrew.cmu.edu

@_date: 1993-08-30 00:58:39
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Another BBS Seizure in Hartford 
I have no idea.  I'm a few days back in my personal email, and just now
skipped ahead to read all the "BBS" messages.  As far as I can tell,
nobody actually forwarded any information about this problem *TO EFF*!
I have gathered all the useful msgs sent to cypherpunks and forwarded
them to Mike Godwin and Shari Steele at EFF.  But in future, guys,
when you want action our of EFF, howabout letting them know?
(eff at eff.org is probably the best place to send such info).

@_date: 1993-08-30 19:53:52
@_author: Forrest Aldrich 
@_subject: Help/Advice requested 
I'm working on the development of a resonably secure software registration
scheme, and thought that someone from the Cypherpunk list would be ideal
for helping out.  Sample code is even better, but general advice to do with
the methodology and coding would be most appreciated.
There is a program out there called PROTECT! EXE/COM, which does something
on the lines of EXE encryption which has been brought up here.  I've
corresponded with the author and he won't release the code (understandably,
he's worked very hard on it).  Apparently what it does is (after you
have run something like PKLITE on your executable) encapsulates the
EXE file, encrypted, with CRC checks and debugger traps.  He claims
this is quite effective and has not had anyone come through with
cracking it yet.  Just thought I would mention this ....
Unfortunately, that program is only for DOS/Windows.  It would be NICE
to have something like this working under UNIX, and I can't imagine
that it would be that difficult, although it would most certainly
be platform (assembly language) specific.  Anyone have some ideas about
how to implement such a beast?
Thanks alot...

@_date: 1993-08-31 08:39:02
@_author: Superuser 
@_subject: Help/Advice requested (fwd) 
[ ... ]
[ ... ]
Protect! EXE/COM 3.1 encrypt and still run .EXE's       Registration $ 25.00
SDN_UTIL AUG93 PROTECT EXE COM CRC SECURE ENCRYPT SCRAMBLE
FILES: PrExCm31.SDN
Author: Jeremy Lilley
        Protect! EXE/COM  is a  powerful  EXE/COM  protection utility which
        thoroughly encrypts  any EXE or  COM file  but still  allows  it to
        be run. And, files protected by  it make a full CRC INTEGRITY CHECK
        every time they are run.
        This NEW version fixes many bugs found in previous versions of this
        program such as an infamous screen bug in v.3.0. Additions are made
        to make this program to prevent  CRACKING, REVERSE ENGINEERING, and
        MODIFICATION even more.
        This program is one of the most powerful and cost-effecive solutions
        to problems with your programs' being modified by malicious hackers.
        With every other form of file security being nullified, Protect! has
        been renewed and can  now secure your  programs more than ever. What
        would you do  if somebody  were to  add a  TROJAN or 'MODIFY'  a few
        screens to a program of yours ?  Protect! can make this circumstance
        extremely unlikely for only $25. If a problem is detected, a message
        of your choice can be outputted to the user to tell the user exactly
        what to do.  Instead of burying your head in the sand,  get Protect!
        to protect your programming and software investment.
Requirements: DOS 2.0 or higher, IBM or compatible PC, 256k RAM, & any
              executable file  compression  utility  such  as   LZEXE,
              PKLite, Compack, Diet, or another program for compressing
              EXE files before they are scrambled and protected.
          [ .SDA Format is (c)Copyright 1993 The SDN Project ]
          [  SDN Authors-Only Info Line is 203-634-0370 USA  ]
If you need more information, I can give you the author's email address...

@_date: 1993-12-01 17:03:19
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: EFF Op-Ed from the NY Tim 
I doubt it.  If you're not enrolled at a major university, or employed
at a computer-related company, and don't subscribe to an expensive
online service, getting an internet account is NOT easy or cheap. Services like netcom are expanding, but I seriously doubt a homeless
person could get an internet address.  Check out almost any BBS network
(other than fido) and every other week, some jerk will ask when they'll
get connected to the internet.  And every time, five sysops respond
"Fine.  We'd love to.  Would you mind telling us how the hell we could
connect to the internet???"

@_date: 1993-12-02 12:43:38
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: EFF Op-Ed from the NY Tim 
ha ha ...  BTW: I did get an internet mail address not in the cmu.edu domain.
True.  But I could just as well set up my own BBS for about the same price.
Yes, I know there are sysops who could afford this, but the vast
majority couldn't.  I know it's certainly over my budget.
Of course... Isn't this what cypherpunks have been wishing for all along?

@_date: 1993-12-03 12:24:08
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Graynet 
szabo at netcom.com (Nick Szabo) forwarded to us the following:
Oh, wow, such info!  The old red box trick!  In fact, I'd be willing to
bet it doesn't even explain how to build a red box, it probably just
tells you something dumb like to call a pay phone and then have a friend
answer it and put in money while you record the tones.
Of course, it probably doesn't even mention how easy it is to make free
calls from COCOTs!
More like "how to use an EPROM burner".
Yup, just like the firemen do. As if every amateur electronics book didn't explain this.
Yeah, back up your electric meter by 1 unit and get charged for
999,999,999 kilowatthours. :)
As if we haven't seen this one before.
Oh, how informative!  As if any idiot couldn't get a book from his local
library that explains how to build a radio transmitter.  If anyone here
seriously doesn't know how to build a radio transmitter, may I direct
you to: cp-hardware at nextsrv.cas.muohio.edu
If you would like to make a donation to ripoff-scams-of-america please
send money, along with credit card numbers and any other valuables to:

@_date: 1993-12-04 19:23:08
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Escobar and Cellular Ph0n3z 
Good questions.  The answers are varied.  But, basically, it comes down
to this: Just because the technology is availiable, it doesn't mean
Escobar was aware of it.  There just isn't enough recognition among the
general public of what technology is availiable.  Certainly, there were
a lot of things he could have done to defend himself better.  I don't
think lack of inteligence was Escobar's nemisis, but simply that he did
not have good technical advisors availiable to him, and wasn't aware of
the technology.  There is a lot more necessary than to just say "he
should have used encryption".
First of all, you can't make an encrypted cellular call so easily. There do not yet exist many widely availiable systems which can compress
digitized sound in real time to fit within the bandwidth limitations of
cellular telephone technology or most wireline telephone channels. We've been over this in our discussions of building secure telephones;
it's not easy, and radio noise caused by cellular makes it even more
difficult.  Even if Escobar had such technology availiable to him, the
person he was calling would also have to have the same encryption
hardware.  I suspect that given the situation, this might not be
possible.  But - if Escobar had high-tech computerized/digital
encryption technology, why would he be using cellular at all?  A
high-speed radio modem would have worked well for encryping all his
communications.  Still, the fact that while all of us cyberwizards here
can talk about what would be possible, building a encrypted
communications network takes a lot of work.  Escobar probably would have
needed to enploy a team of cyrptographers and computer/radio experts -
and they're not easy to find in rural Colombia.

@_date: 1993-12-04 21:59:36
@_author: The 
@_subject: Who am I Really 
Whoever sboxx at lodestone.nsa.gov is, he sure ISN'T NSA!
Everyone knows that NSA does not have an ip address and the one that
it does use is so innocuous that any private knows it!
Kids these days! :)
a/k/a The Punisher
THE                                                          .....             WHO?
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

@_date: 1993-12-05 13:03:13
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Pseudospoofing 
If you were not a liar, would you tell me that you were a liar?  :)

@_date: 1993-12-06 18:25:54
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Digicash question 
A newbie, bdolan <71431.2564 at CompuServe.COM> timidly asked:
Well, it could work that way.  The only thing that I see being a problem
is that you're using public-key crypto when you don't really need to. This allows the bank to associate a public key with an identity.  (which
is what Derek Atkins  said.)  But, basically, you could
simplify the system to this: X has a password which is worth $100 in
cash from FDB.  X gives the password to Y.  Y then calls the bank and
changes the password to whatever he wants.  Y now has $100 digital money
(minus the bank's transaction fee).  The bank has no way of knowing who
gave them the new password.  (You could also have the bank generate
random passwords, and give them to the client.)  Notice that no public
keys (and no identification) is used.  The only need for public keys in
such a situation would be to establish a secure transmission channel; in
which case, someone could make up a random keypair, make a transaction
with the bank and then discard the private key - the money would be
identified by the secret password.
The only other thing to point out, is that each digital
coin/token/denomination must have its own password - what if he only
wanted to spend $57 and not $100?  So each dollar would have to be
seperate; to spend $100, X would have to give Y 100 seperate passwords. Unless, of course, you have digicoins of different denominations, but
then you have to have correct change.
Of course, you are still left with the the problem of needing to trust
the bank. :(
Good point about the bank taking its cut - I think we need to come up
with a fair system for dealing with that...
P.S. I'm glad to see some people on this list still want to talk about
real crypto, instead of, ahem, other distractions...

@_date: 1993-12-09 17:11:05
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: new electronic cash card to be tested in UK 
Well, this is likely to happen in any cash implementation where the
gubmint/bank does not purposely inflate the currency.  However it's not
necessarily bad - after all, if people can make money at digicash that's
not government tampered with (inflated), they'll be more people willing
to do it.  Of course, this will lead to fierce competition, likely to
the point where you can earn interest on the cash in your wallet! Either that or, have a independant digicash system which is introduced
at the price of $1 for one digibuck, and then allowed to fluctuate, and
rise.  After a few years you might be able to sell your digibucks for $2
apiece, or more. :)
Nobody's forcing you to use their digicash system, so you could demand
whatever disclosure you wanted, or take your business elsewhere.
Probably not, but some people are stupid.

@_date: 1993-12-10 17:24:38
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: LPC for speech (fwd) 
haha...  Geez oh man I just had to laugh at that speak&spell comment... Yeah, those things had funky voices, but it was pretty darn good speech
synthesis for the time. (around 1982-3? I guess)  (It could say alot
more than my Apple IIe :)  But those things had software with little
bugs (or undocumented features) if you pressed combinations of keys at
the same time it would do weird things.  I kinda wish I still had some
of those things, so I could try reprogramming it to do interesting
stuff.  (Imagines scene in US customs office: "Crypto exports?  No, sir,
this isn't a secret cipher machine, just an old speak&spell!  Honest! You didn't think I was going to try to phone home with it or something
did you?" ;)  but I digress...
600bps is not realistic.  Most people can READ text faster than 600 bps
(okay it's a little above average, but not if you were skimming; to give
you a rough estimate, it's a little slower than reading one line per
second)  You just can't expect to cram all the intricacies and
inflections of speech into a 600bps channel and be understood.  But why
sacrifice quality when you can use a 14400bps modem?  They aren't all
too expensive these days.
Not too useful???  Sounds very useful to me.  If someone got this
working, it would be all we'd need to kill the clipper chip completely. Who would spend several hundred dollars for a "secure" phone when you
can do the same (or better) with a $50 sound card for your computer? (Well, some might need to upgrade their modems too, but it would be a
good idea to do that anyway.)  Home (or office) computer cryptophone =
no need for clipper.
loki at cass156.ucsd.edu wrote in response:
What kind of hardware will you be using?  486?  DSP?  or something 68xxx-based?
What additional hardware (sound cards) will be supported/required?
Will source be availiable?

@_date: 1993-12-11 18:57:06
@_author: Chip Morningstar -- "Software Without Moving Parts" 
@_subject: "Cipher" 
Postman may be right about his etymology; I don't know, though I'm sure one of
the many folks out there with an OED could answer this.  However, arguing from
etymology is one of the most irksome of the many bogus rhetorical techniques
that the academic establishment has developed as part of its standard toolkit
and really wish they would cut it out.  The answer to the broader question, "Is
Postman correct?", is "no".

@_date: 1993-12-16 20:16:07
@_author: Phil Karn 
@_subject: Bobby Inman 
In case you haven't been following the news for the past two days or
so, Secretary of Defense Les Aspin has resigned, and Clinton has
already nominated Bobby Inman, a retired 4-star Navy admiral, as his
Inman was NSA director during the Carter administration. He is
probably best known for his outspoken calls for draconian laws
regulating private cryptography. He wanted all cryptographic research,
public or private, to be "born classified", just like nuclear weapons,
with NSA given authority over all publications.
He lost, of course, but his becoming Secretary of Defense just as the
issue of private crypto regulation is coming to a head again does not
bode well at all.

@_date: 1993-12-17 00:21:10
@_author: Phil Karn 
@_subject: Bobby Inman 
Inman's first job after retiring from his spook's life in the Navy was
to start MCC in Austin, TX. I saw him speak in 1984 at Bell Labs
Murray Hill shortly after the AT&T divestiture, before Bellcore got
its own facilities.  He was there to sign up Bellcore for MCC
membership, although we didn't know it yet.
He gave an almost content-free talk about "regaining America's
technological leadership" or something like that. When he finished, I
got up and asked him how he could reconcile his stated need to lead
the world in high technology with a DoD-dominated export control
system specifically geared to keeping us from selling those very
technologies in which we lead the world.  He waffled like a classic
politician. I was still trying to decipher his answer long after he
After MCC, I think he went to Westmark, a defense contractor. He also
showed up on at least one Baby Bell board of directors (SW Bell?). As
a shareholder, I made it a point to specifically withhold my vote for
him when the proxies got mailed out.  (To be sure, big corporation
proxies are about as meaningful as ballots in a Communist election,
but what the hell -- unlike the Publishers' Clearinghouse sweepstakes,
at least they pay postage.  Eventually I started voting against ALL of
the directors on all of the Bell proxies, just for the hell of it.)
After what Inman tried to do to civilian crypto in the late 1970s, the
word "slime" keeps coming to mind. But then again, there are plenty of
Inmans in the military-industrial complex.

@_date: 1993-12-17 13:16:24
@_author: Phil Karn 
@_subject: Bobby Inman 
Okay, I admit that "slime" may be a bit too strong. And according to
the "Puzzle Palace", Inman was surprisingly enlightened (at least for
a senior military officer in the late 1970s) when it came to one
privacy-related topic, that of allowing civilian gays to serve openly
in the NSA. As I recall, he agreed that a gay out of the closet was
much less likely to be blackmailed than one that was still in the
closet, rejecting the argument that an openly gay NSA employee
represented an unacceptable security risk.
But I *still* can't forgive him for how he tried to kill civilian
cryptography as NSA director, especially since his more recent
comments to John Perry Barlow tend to indicate that he hasn't changed
his views much, if at all.  This is a guy that will have to be watched
*very* carefully, especially since everybody in Washington seems to be
falling all over themselves to praise him.

@_date: 1993-12-30 02:22:59
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Revised Clipper FOIA results from Asst Secretary of Defense 
We sent in an administrative appeal on June 17th, 1993, of various
things that were withheld in the response to our FOIA request.  The
Office of the Secretary of Defense responded on December 21, 1993 --
six months later.  (By law, agencies have twenty business days to
respond to an administrative appeal.  However, agencies regularly
violate all FOIA time limits because the courts have largely refused to
censure agencies for breaking the law, and have refused to force
agencies to follow the law.  I will point this out each time it happens,
largely to educate you -- the general public -- about how pervasive a
problem this is.)
We did an administrative appeal of the parts they withheld and other
documents they did not provide.  The result is that one more doc came
out (a cover sheet for a review copy of the President's actual
directive, which is still classified and has been referred back to the
National Security Council for processing), and the previously withheld
paragraph of the last two memos below is now only blacked out for a sentence
or two.
The newly released text is highlighted with XXXX's and explanation.
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON, DC  20301-3040
COMMAND CONTROL COMMUNICATIONS AND MEMORANDUM FOR MS. JOANN H. GRUBE, NSA REPRESENTATIVE/NSC PRD-27 EXPORT CONTROL WORKING GROUP
SUBJECT:  Comments on PRD-27/NSA Draft (U)
memorandum to Jim Lewis, Department of State:
XXXXXXXXXX blacked out via FOIA (b)(1) exemption. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
statements.  Recommend that the memorandum provide more empirical evidence to back up its assertions, and that the above comments be reflected in its contents.
CLASSIFIED BY:  OASD(C3I)/DIR, ISS
DECLASSIFY ON:  OADR
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON DC 20301-3040
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS AND
30 APR 1993  (stamped)
MEMORANDUM FOR THE ACTING ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (C3I)
(U)	Advances in telecommunications have created the
opportunity for public use of encryption to ensure the privacy and
integrity of business and personal communications.  These same
advances threaten the capabilities of law enforcement and national
security operations that intercept the communications of
narcotraffickers, organized criminals, terrorists, espionage agents
of foreign powers and SIGINT targets.  Diverse interests are in
diametric opposition with regard to industry's right to sell and the
public's right to use such capabilities.  A highly-emotional, spirited
public debate is likely.
(U)	In its simplest construct, this complex set of issues places
the public's right to privacy in opposition to the public's desire for
safety.  The law enforcement and national security communities
argue that if the public's right to privacy prevails and free use of
cryptography is allowed, criminals and spies will avoid wiretaps
and other intercepts and consequently prosper.  They propose that
cryptography be made available and required which contains a
"trapdoor" that would allow law enforcement and national security
officials, under proper supervision, to decrypt enciphered
communications.  Such cryptography exists, and while there are
many practical problems to be solved, this proposal is technically
possible to achieve.
(U)	Opponents of the proposal argue that the public has a right
to and an expectation of privacy, that a trapdoor system would be
prone to misuse and abuse, and that the proposed solution would
not work in any practical sense.  They assert that people who are
deliberately breaking much more serious laws would not hesitate to
use cryptography that does not have a trapdoor, and that secure
cryptography will inevitably be supplied by offshore companies.
Thus, freedom will be lost and many tax dollars spent to no effect.
(U)	This situation is complicated by the existence of other
interests.  For example, there currently exist strict controls on the
export of cryptography.  The computer industry points out that it
has one of the few remaining positive trade balances and that it is
vital that the dominance of the American computer industry in
world markets be preserved.  The industry fears that this will be
lost if offshore developers incorporate high-quality cryptography
into their products while U.S. industry either cannot do so or
suffers higher costs or delays due to requirements for export
licenses.  The industry argues persuasively that overseas markets
(much less drug lords or spies) will not look with favor on U.S.
products which have known trapdoors when offshore products
which do not have them are available.  In support of their
argument, they note that powerful public-key cryptography
developed and patented by RSA using U.S. tax dollars is free to
developers in Europe, subject to royalties in the United States, and
cannot be exported without expensive and time-late export
licenses.  These charges are true.
(U)	The national security community is especially interested in
preventing the spread of high-quality encipherment routines
overseas, and argues that more extensive use here at home will
inevitably result in such a proliferation.  Actually, it is too late.
The Data Encryption Standard (DES) is already widely available
throughout the world in both hardware and software forms, and
DES software can be downloaded anywhere in the world from
public bulletin boards by anyone with a PC, a MODEM and a
telephone.  In one recent experiment it took three minutes and
fourteen seconds to locate a source-code version of DES on the
INTERNET.  Widespread availability of DES and RSA will enable
offshore developers to provide high-quality encipherment for voice
and data communications in competition with U.S. industry's
XXXX The entire paragraph that follows was originally withheld as XX
XXXX classified information.  We appealed the withholding, and XXXXX
XXXX most of the paragraph was released, with only one or two XXXXXX
XXXX sentences withheld at the bottom. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
  [(S) crossed out, replaced by] (U)  Trapdoor encryption technology is
not essential to the debate (a system that required the escrow of keys
by users of cryptographic technologies could be established even if
the trapdoor chips did not exist), proposed use of trapdoor technology
does raise a further complication: neither the academic community nor
private industry is comfortable with encryption algorithms that are
kept secret, as will be the case with the trapdoor chip.  It has been
suggested that an independent panel of cryptography experts will be
invited to evaluate the algorithm.  This will undoubtedly fail to
reassure the community at large that there are no unrecognized
vulneratilities, since the panel will be perceived as captive and
tainted.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXX One or two sentences blacked out via FOIA exemption (b)(1) XXXX
(U)	Despite these concerns, the President has directed that the
Attorney General request that manufacturers of communications
hardware use the trapdoor chip, and at least AT&T has been
reported willing to do so (having been suitably incentivised by
promises of Government purchases).  The Attorney General has
also been directed to create a system for escrow of key material.
The Secretary of Commerce has been directed to produce standards
based on the use of the trapdoor chip.
(U)	The President has also directed that the fact that law
enforcement officials will have access to the keys will not be
concealed from the public.  National security officials are not
(U)	The new administration is committed to the development of
an information superhighway and a National Information
Infrastructure in support of the economy.  This worthy goal is
independent of arguments as to whether or not law enforcement
and national security officials will be able to read at will traffic
passing along the information superhighway.  A full-scale public
debate is needed to ascertain the wishes of U.S. citizens with
regard to their privacy, and the impact on public safety of
preserving privacy at the expense of wiretapping and
communications intercept capabilities of law enforcement and
national security personnel.  It is not clear what the public will
decide.  In the meantime, DoD has trapdoor technology and the
Government is proceeding with development of the processes
needed to apply that technology in order to maintain the capability
to perform licit intercept of communications in support of law
enforcement and national security.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON DC  20301-3040
May 3, 1993
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS AND
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
MEMORANDUM FOR DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
FROM:		CHARLES A. HAWKINS, JR., ACTING ASD(C3I)  (initialed C. Hxxx)
SUBJECT:	Advanced Telecommunications and Encryption (U)
PURPOSE:	INFORMATION
DISCUSSION:	(U)  In response to DEPSECDEF's tasking of
21 Apr 93 (TAB A) this information is provided.  Advances in
telecommunications have created the opportunity for public use of
encryption to ensure the privacy and integrity of business and
personal communications.  These same advances threaten the
capabilities of law enforcement and national security operations that
intercept the communications of narcotraffickers, organized
criminals, terrorists, espionage agents of foreign powers and a broad
range of SIGINT targets.  Diverse interests are in diametric
opposition with regard to industry's right to sell and the public's right
to use such capabilities.  A highly-emotional, spirited public debate
is likely.
argue that if the public's right to privacy prevails and free use of
cryptography is allowed, criminals and spies will avoid wiretaps and
other intercepts.  They propose that cryptography be made available
to the public which contains a "trapdoor" that would allow law
enforcement and national security officials, under proper
supervision, to decrypt enciphered communications.  Such
cryptography exists, and while there are many practical problems to
be solved, this proposal is technically possible to implement.
right to and expectation of privacy, that such a system would be
prone to misuse and abuse, and that the proposed solution would not
work in any practical sense.  They assert that criminals and spies will
not hesitate to use secure cryptography supplied by offshore
companies.  Thus, the loss of privacy would outweigh any
advantages to law enforcement or national security.
few remaining positive trade balances and that it is vital that the
dominance of the American computer industry in world markets be
preserved.  The industry fears that this will be lost if offshore
developers incorporate high-quality cryptography into their products
while U.S. industry either cannot do so or suffers higher costs or
delays due to requirements for export licenses because of strict
controls of export of cryptography.  The industry argues persuasively
that overseas markets (much less drug lords or spies) will not look
with favor on U.S. products which have known trapdoors when
offshore products which do not have them are available.
CLASSIFIED BY:	DASD(CI&SCM)
DECLASSIFY ON:	OADR
in preventing the spread of high-quality encipherment routines
overseas, and argues that more extensive use here at home will
inevitably result in such a proliferation.  This would increase the cost
of performing the SIGINT mission or decrease the amount of
intelligence, or both.  The Data Encryption Standard (DES) is
already widely available throughout the world in both hardware and
software forms, and DES software can be downloaded anywhere in
the world from public bulletin boards by anyone with a PC, a
MODEM, and a telephone.  Thus far, widespread availability has not
led to widespread use.  However, widespread availability of DES and
RSA will make it possible for offshore developers to provide high-
quality encipherment for voice and data communications in
competition with U.S. industry's products.
XXXX The entire paragraph that follows was originally withheld as XX
XXXX classified information.  We appealed the withholding, and XXXXX
XXXX most of the paragraph was released, with only one or two XXXXXX
XXXX sentences withheld at the bottom. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
  [(S) crossed out, replaced by] (U)  Trapdoor encryption technology is
not essential to the debate since a system that required the escrow of
keys by users of cryptographic technologies could be established even
if the trapdoor chips did not exist.  Proposed use of trapdoor
technology does raise a further complication: neither the academic
community nor private industry is comfortable with encryption
algorithms that are kept secret, as will be the case with the trapdoor
chip.  It has been suggested that an independent panel of cryptography
experts will be invited to evaluate the algorithm.  This will not
reassure the community at large that there are no unrecognized
vulneratilities, since the panel will be perceived as captive and
tainted.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXX One or two sentences blacked out via FOIA exemption (b)(1) XXXX
request that manufacturers of communications hardware use the
trapdoor chip.  The Attorney General has also been directed to create
a system for escrow of key material.  The Secretary of Commerce
has been directed to produce standards based on the use of the
trapdoor chip.  The President has also directed that the fact that law
enforcement officials will have access to the keys will not be
concealed from the public.  National security officials are not
of an information superhighway and a National Information
Infrastructure in support of the economy.  This worthy goal is
independent of arguments as to whether or not law enforcement and
national security officials will be able to read at will traffic passing
along the information superhighway.  A full-scale public debate is
beginning which will ascertain the wishes of U.S. citizens with
regard to their privacy and the impact on public safety of preserving
privacy at the expense of wiretapping and communications intercept
capabilities of law enforcement and national security personnel.  It is
not clear what the public will decide.  In the meantime, DoD has
trapdoor technology and the Government is proceeding with
development of the processes needed to apply that technology in
order to maintain the capability to perform licit intercept of
communications in support of law enforcement and national security.
Prepared by:  Dan Ryan/ODASD(CI & SCM)/x 41779/28 Apr 93/OSD

@_date: 1993-02-03 22:29:32
@_author: System Operator 
@_subject: 5th Amendment and Encryption 
For what it's worth, at H0H0 Con in December John Draper
related a story about a run-in with the BART police, and the
confiscation of "hundreds" of floppy disks.  John indicated
that information was stored in encrypted form, and that
the authorities were unable to read it.
Since John is on this list, perhaps he can elaborate.
system at apres.UUCP (System Operator)
Applied Research (cryptography & security BBS)  1 708 639 8853

@_date: 1993-02-05 11:17:05
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: `Sunday Times' article on GSM changes 
Actually I think you meant 64 kbits/sec.
I wouldn't say "without any real loss of quality".  I have an AT&T secure
phone on loan for evaluation (attendees at the last Mt. View cypherpunks
meeting have played with it).  It compresses voice to 4800 b/s then encrypts
it and uses a stripped down V.32 modem to send it.
The voice is intelligible on the other end, but there is definitely a
loss of quality.  It sounds like you are talking through the bubbler
in an aquarium (underwater).  But it is possible to recognize
someone's voice on the other end, at least when you already know who
it is.  "No real loss of quality" goes way too far.
By the way, I have public domain (federally written) code that
compresses voice down to this size.  It's called CELP, Code Excited
Linear Prediction.  The only catch is the code they wrote runs much
slower than realtime (on workstations).  My guess is that there are
significant speedups that we could make by hacking on it and running
gprof.  Van Jacobson has done some work on this, but his policy seems
to be to sit on anything good for two to three years before releasing
it.  Anyone interested in beating him to the net with something that
would compress voice (or voicemail) in realtime on a 486 or a SPARC?

@_date: 1993-02-05 16:12:59
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: CELP speech compression code at cygnus.com:/pub/celp.speech.tar.Z 
The code is up for FTP where you-all can get it.  I made both compressed
and gzip'd versions (gzip gives smaller files than compress, is faster
to decompress, but slower to compress).
-rw-rw-r--   1 gnu      cygnus    2571835 Feb  5 16:04 celp.speech.tar.Z
-rw-rw-r--   1 gnu      cygnus    2099441 Feb  5 16:09 celp.speech.tar.z
Much of the tar file is samples of compressed and uncompressed speech,
(used for testing the code).  The actual C code is about 340K uncompressed,
and there's also a Fortran version in there.
I have a copy of the actual compression standard, but not online.
The Information Liberation Front is welcome to a copy -- maybe
I should just leave it on the table at the next meeting and hope someone
"anonymously" picks it up and scans it in.  It's public domain, so
there's no special thrill from liberating it.

@_date: 1993-02-18 17:30:29
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: toad.com mailing list postings from possible virus authors 
Keith, Kenneth:
I have been busy both cutting a GDB release (which isn't done yet) and
dealing with immediate management needs at my company.  But your
concerns are also of grave concern to me, so I'll take the time to
answer you fully.
I am uninterested in censorship of discussion of *any* topic on
mailing lists through my machine.  Your opinion is that this is
inappropriate use of the Internet.  I own the machine free and clear.
I personally pay its network bills.  If you examine its net
connectivity and the associated connection contracts, you will find
that the machine is attached via a worldwide network that explicitly
promises not to censor any traffic UNLESS AND UNTIL a court of law --
not you -- has decided that that traffic is actually illegal.  And my
machine sends email traffic for any host (other than a short list
known to be on uncensored networks) to uunet, which is explicitly
authorized by NSF to forward uncontrolled outside traffic (e.g. from
uucp sites) into the NSFnet.
You see, I anticipated that third parties would want to control what I
and my friends might want to talk about using this wonderful
networking technolgy.  And we aren't interested in your opinion.
No offense intended, Keith -- I think you have done some truly great
work for the community.  But when you imply that conversations though
my machine are in any way illegal or inappropriate, you've overstepped
my respect for you.
Thank you, Senator McCarthy.  I believe that thug at phantom.com is not
a smart-card-carrying member of the virus authors' guild, but I'm not sure.
I think that the attitude that it's OK for "computer scientists" or
"virus researchers" to talk about viruses, to dissect them in detail,
and to write or modify them, but it isn't OK for anyone else to do so,
is two-faced and objectionable.  Security by obscurity -- forcing
people to be unaware of issues and threats like these, whether by
explicit censorship, pressure on intermediate sites, or by social
ostracism -- not only doesn't remove the threat, but is an affront to
our open society.
If you think that the public should be protected from the *content* of
the particular message that was forwarded to me, I recommend that you
look at recent issues of Info Security News (formerly ISPNews), one of
the better trade rags covering security products.  They seem to be
running an article series by Alan Solomon on exactly how stealth
viruses work, and they provided a lot more details than the overview
posting that came through toad.com.  I've seen articles in the Sep/Oct
and Nov/Dec 1992 issues so far.
Just as important to the cypherpunks posting was the author's
exploration of the impacts on society resulting from the technology
(the movement toward memory-protected and permission-controlled
operating systems, the impacts of automating virus creation so that
children can do it, etc).  The Solomon articles focused completely on
technical issues, leaving the reader in the dark about how to cope
over the next few years.
My own opinion is that viruses are what will finally put a stake
through the heart of DOS.  It's a dirty job, but somebody has to do it.
If true, or even 10% likely, it's something that a hundred million
people had better talk about, so they can prepare for it.

@_date: 1993-02-22 13:27:17
@_author: David Reeve Sward 
@_subject: Beware of anon.penet.fi message! 
Excerpts from list.cypherpunks: 22-Feb-93 Beware of anon.penet.fi mes..
by nobody at rosebud.ee.uh.edu Perhaps a new header such as
X-Anon-Doubleblind: yes|no
defaulting to yes...?  As was said, the doubleblind system is a great
idea, but incomplete if you want to correspond to someone without
revealing your anon id.

@_date: 1993-02-26 02:42:34
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Moral dilemma. (not really) 
This person, like most such complainers, is uninformed.  They are
taking advantage of your physical and informational distance from the
actual situation:
(1)  It's completely a matter of local law whether "ticket scalping"
is legal or not.  Many jurisdictions have no problem with businesses
investing in "ticket futures" in the hope that the price will rise.
In any case, it is not "extremely illegal".  Murder is "extremely illegal",
except when done on behalf of a government.  Scalping is a minor crime
when it's a crime at all -- like jaywalking.
(2) Promoting a private enterprise for profit on the Internet is
completely legal and ethical.  The Transatlantic link is certainly
open to commercial business.  Now, if they'd said "...on the Usenet"
then there would be guidelines to follow, which mostly include
sticking to the topic and not posting repetitive ads.  I think that a
single ticket ad in the Grateful Dead newsgroup is not out of line on
either count.  Especially given the number of people who end up looking
for tickets because of bogus Grateful Dead Ticket Service policies.
(3)  Individuals selling things in "garage sale" mode are exempt from any
ethical or moral Usenet/Internet restrictions on "commercial use" anyway.
Scalping tickets is a perfectly legitimate business enterprise.
Scalping Grateful Dead tickets is even a commendable activity,
considering the hassles that the Dead scene puts you through to get
tickets.  Personally, I only go when some friend offers me tickets,
since it ain't worth the bullshit of tracking when to order (via
email list or polling their phone service), sending in money orders
within half a day of then, and following all the little regulations
about the size and shape of the envelope, etc.
A lot of places that have little `protected' markets like this, are going
to find out what a free market is like.  Good.

@_date: 1993-02-26 03:01:57
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
We have to keep an eye on each others' knees here -- there's a
tendency for a knee-jerk reaction not based on reality.
Squabbling over what "crimes" or "antisocial acts" should disqualify one
from being able to use anonymity is ***WAY*** missing the point.  It is
the people who have crossed one of those lines who need the protection the
most!  And, at least the US Supreme Court thinks it is in society's interest
to protect them:
    The case is Talley v. California, 362 US 60 (1960), in which the
    Supreme Court invalidated an ordinance which prohibited the
    distribution of any handbill not bearing the name and address of the
    person who prepared it.  The Court rejected the state's claim that the
    ordinance was necessary to help identify those responsible for fraud,
    false advertising, or libel.  According to Tribe, the Court reasoned
    that "a ban on anonymous pamphleteering falls with much greater force
    upon individuals and groups who fear majoritarian disapproval and
    reprisal -- upon dissidents and upon the unpopular -- than upon those
    with widely approved messages to deliver."
To quote a cypherpunk who usually has more sense:
I inserted the [ and ].  He forgot to note that he's *already*
advocating opinion-censoring, and yes, he's already sliding down the
PS:  There is no way to enforce rules on the content of messages sent
through encrypted anonymous remailers.  Think about it for a minute.
All there needs to be is *one* remailer anywhere in the world, which will
send any message to the final destination.  Anyone can send an encrypted
message to the "freedom-loving" remailer, via their local remailer.  Even
if the inputs to the freedom-loving remailer were tapped, the messages
that arrived there would already be anonymous (headers stripped) and
Since what passes through the rest of the "freedom-hating" anonymous
remailers is encrypted, they can't see the content anyway.  You could
prohibit encrypted messages through your freedom-hating remailer, but
(1) that's easy to circumvent, and (2) what would be the point of
your running a remailer?

@_date: 1993-02-28 23:31:30
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Anonymity in the real world 
============================== START ==============================
The person who wrote this stuff hasn't thought it through.  Any of these
things can and do happen right now over the telephone (anonymously)
and through postal mail (anonymously).  Somehow, society has not fallen
into anarchy because anyone can drop a letter in a mailbox.  Why not?
(pause here and actually think about it...)
Now you are closer to reality.  It appears that at least the DEA is
getting *severe* funding cuts under President Inhalation.  It's about time
someone fired those thugs.
There are two problems with terrorism.  The first is that it is regularly
practiced by governments -- against their own populations as well as
against non-citizens -- so governments can't truly be too opposed to it.
I'll give you the definition of terrorism from the CIA in 1980
(as reported by Admiral Stansfield Turner):
("Terrorism and Democracy", ISBN 0-395-43086-0, p. 181).
If forcibly arresting someone and putting them in jail for selling
drugs to a willing buyer doesn't fall squarely into this definition, I
don't know what does.  Every law that Congress passes "to send a message"
falls into this definition -- it's to intimidate a group wider than
the group who will be arrested and tried.
The second problem is *not* that it's too hard to tap the phones of
identified terrorists -- it's that you can't pick out the terrorists
from the billions of other humans.  Even police states have trouble
with this, but they tend to provoke more people to become terrorists.
Anonymity makes it possible (as in alt.whistleblowers) for people who
know terrorists to safely expose them.  Have you noticed that the way
the Feds have attacked the Mob has been by convincing insiders to
testify and giving them untraceable new identities (the "Witness
Protection Program")?
The beauty and the strength of an open society is that it brings all
kinds of problems and conflicts out where everyone can see them and
they can potentially be worked out -- BEFORE anyone sees a need to
escalate to mass violence.  In a rigidly structured society, by the
time the government knows it needs to change, it has already been deposed.
It has already happened.  A small number of individuals have done this

@_date: 1993-01-01 23:10:10
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Why mailers should not touch the body 
A fair question (though not phrased as one).
The reason to build mailers that faithfully pass on the entire body of
the message, without any kind of alteration, is that it permits you to
send ANY body through that mailer and rely on its faithful arrival at the
If there are no exceptions to the "ANY body" rule, programs can assume
that the mail system is a black box (you put info in here, it comes out
over there -- you don't care about its guts).  If there are exceptions,
then it becomes more complicated for programs (and humans!) to use the
mail system to pass arbitrary information.
One of the great things about adding checksums to messages is that
mail and news paths which alter messages will be detected and corrected.
I think that if PGP is told that something it signs is text, it should
canonicalize line endings from the local storage format (whether
newlines are CR, LF, or CRLF) and that's it.  If a message passes
through a system that expands all tabs to spaces, the messages is
corrupted and its signature SHOULD not match.  Systems which cannot
represent strings of ASCII/ISO-Latin-1 text characters separated by
line-endings (such as IBM mainframes which assume EBCDIC 80-column
records padded out with trailing blanks) cannot be used "in the
obvious way" to move signed textual email.  The email will have to be
encoded to pass through such non-transparent mail systems -- which
will be sufficiently painful that eventually the mail systems will be
It's already a pain that most Internet email won't handle a body consisting
of arbitrary 8-bit bytes.  If they fix that throughout 80% of the Internet,
the other 20% will be forced to go along, or forced to receive an endless
stream of corrupted binaries, uncheckable signatures, etc, from the
fully capable part of the net.
PS:  I note that my own mailer, MH, inserts an extra newline at the beginning
of many messages, and probably to the end as well.  A proper body checksum
would detect that and report an error.

@_date: 1993-01-01 23:13:51
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Why remailers shouldn't suppress signatures 
A further issue relates to stripping signatures.  Let's be clear here.
Remove the file ".signature" from your home directory and you'll be done
with *that* hassle.
PS: An extra credit note for the differently clued among us:  Suppose
you wanted to have a *different* signature for each of your multiple
identities?  I guess the remailers had better not strip off signatures, eh?

@_date: 1993-01-15 09:15:32
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: need for more anon remailer sites 
I suggest using a dictionary to come up with "names" of anonymous users:
You could pick them in random order, or sequentially.
This technology is sufficiently cheap to replicate that it doesn't
matter whether we set up a "covert" network before or after it becomes
illegal (if ever).  What matters is that we have experience at running
such a network.  Such experience is much easier to come by in the open --
since you can talk about it!
While I applaud the efforts of some people to set up contingencies for
"after we lose our liberties and need to actively oppose the
government", please don't forget to actively oppose poor government
policies *now*, before the loss of that liberty.  In other words,
there's plenty of work to be done today to *keep* this an open society.
And it's much easier to keep one than to get one back.

@_date: 1993-01-15 09:28:27
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: If People Were Honest 
A few days ago I had a personal illustration of how even honest people
need privacy.
The Board of Directors of EFF had met to make some decisions.  Some of
these involved firing employees, closing offices, etc.  (See
comp.org.eff.news and .talk for all the details).  It took a few days
to finalize everything, though.  During that time, we needed privacy
in order to not hurt people (they might hear a false rumor that was
the result of an intermediate stage in the decision; they might hear
from some source other than us that they were losing their jobs, etc).
We seriously had to consider whether to use email to work out the
final details, since the system administrators had not yet been told.
Cellular phones were right out.
As it worked out, it was fine.  The announcement was posted to the net
slightly after the meeting in which we told all the employees what was
happening.  I won't say nobody was hurt -- we all were -- but we were
all a lot less hurt than if the staff had "accidentally" found out,
before anyone responsible for the decision had told them personally.

@_date: 1993-01-27 01:36:14
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: SunExpress to expand "unlockable" software distribution 
It would probably be a public service if some interested parties were
to determine the ``encryption'' method that Sun Express, the standard
Sun ``license manager'', and other packages use.  At the moment, the
details of these technologies are not described in the public
literature (as far as I know).
Rather than have these companies discover years too late that their
"unlockable" software is really unlockable by anyone who understands
cryptography, it'd be better for them to learn it this year, while
they are still handling low volumes of programs that way.  Also maybe
they will stop dumping these programs-that-you-have-but-must-pay-to-run on us.

@_date: 1993-01-29 13:05:37
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: RSA assurance referenced in PEM posting 
Here is the RFC 1170 referred to in the posting about Privacy Enhanced
Mail.  I note that it only covers signatures, not key exchange.
Network Working Group                                         R. Fougner
Request for Comments: 1170                           Public Key Partners
                                                            January 1991
                   Public Key Standards and Licenses
Status of this Memo
   This RFC is a public statement by Public Key Partners regarding
   Public Key Standards and Licenses.  This memo is for informational
   use only, and does not constitute an Internet standard.  Distribution
   of this memo is unlimited.
Public Key Standards and Licenses
   The Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Board of Trustees
   of the Leland Stanford Junior University have recently granted Public
   Key Partners exclusive sublicensing rights to the following patents
   registered in the United States, and all of their corresponding
   foreign patents:
      Cryptographic Apparatus and Method
      ("Diffie-Hellman")............................... No. 4,200,770
      Public Key Cryptographic Apparatus
      and Method ("Hellman-Merkle").................... No. 4,218,582
      Cryptographic Communications System and
      Method ("RSA")................................... No. 4,405,829
      Exponential Cryptographic Apparatus
      and Method ("Hellman-Pohlig").................... No. 4,424,414
   These patents cover all known methods of practicing the art of Public
   Key, including the variations collectively known as El Gamal.
   Due to the broad acceptance of RSA digital signatures throughout the
   international community, Public Key Partners strongly endorses its
   incorporations in a digital signature standard.  We assure the
   interested parties that Public Key Partners will comply with all of
   the policies of ANSI and the IEEE concerning the availability of
   licenses to practice this art.  Specifically, in support of any RSA
   signature standard which may be adopted, Public Key Partners hereby
   gives its assurance that licenses to practice RSA signatures will be
   available under reasonable terms and conditions on a non-
   discriminatory basis.
Fougner                                                         [Page 1]
RFC 1170           Public Key Standards and Licenses        January 1991
   We take this opportunity to thank all of those concerned for their
   collective efforts in making this technology readily available for
   commercial implementation.
                                           Public Key Partners
                                           By:  Robert B. Fougner
                                                Director of Licensing
Security Considerations
   This memo discusses fair access to the use of public key technology
   to implement security.
Author's Address
   Robert B. Fougner
   Director of Licensing
   Public Key Partners
   130 B Kifer Court
   Sunnyvale, CA 94086
   Phone:  (408) 735-6779
Fougner                                                         [Page 2]

@_date: 1993-07-03 17:48:36
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: Reply to Michael's criticism of Tim 
I think Michael's reaction to Tim's experiment re
alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.children deserves comment.
Who was manipulated?  Those who reacted did so freely.
As Tim said, it was an experiment, not an attempt to
achieve anything.  The point was to see what would happen.
This mailing list is about encryption and other matters.  The use
of PGP to distribute erotica is thus a relevant topic.
I think Michael has missed the point.
I don't recall Tim's belittling anyone - except perhaps the
Net.Censors - who certainy deserve it.  I don't think we need
be too concerned about hurting their feelings.  After all,
they plan on doing worse to us.
On the contrary, were it not for the trickery some folks wouldn't
bother reading Tim's comments on this subject.
Ha!  Chortle!  Where you been all your life, Michael?
People listen to reasonable arguments only when it suits them to.
Garbage.  If we are to go into spurious psychoanalysis then I think
Michael's post reveals that he is still fixated on pleasing his parents
by being a good little boy and not giving anyone any trouble.
Fact is, there are people in the world who want to restrict our
freedom and make us behave in ways they think best.  Fuck 'em all!

@_date: 1993-07-06 17:41:12
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Matchbook reminders for EFF / Cypherpunk members 
At a friend's house I found a matchbook printed up by NORML.  It
serves to advertise the organization, as well as providing information
useful during legal troubles.
It got me thinking about matchbooks or wallet cards as a good way to
make people aware of us.  (Matchbooks work better when your
organization is concerned with smokables...)  Someone mentioned a few
weeks ago that we need to have a wallet-sized card that reminds people
of their rights when they get into hassles.  Experience has shown that
we forget and bungle it, without a reminder.
The NORML front cover says:		Cypherpunk version (strawman):
The spine:
The back:
    You must be 18 or older to call)
The inside:
    You must be 18 or older to call)
A tract I cut out of a gay newspaper some years ago is in my
wallet now; its advice is:
ACT-UP/New York's clip-and-save guide to police intimidation
The following guidelines were formulated by legal advisors to ACT
UP/NY, but they apply to all gay men and lesbians and activists.
1. You do not have to talk to the police or FBI or any other
investigators.  You do not have to talk to them whether they come
to your house, on the street, if you've been arrested, or even if you
are in jail.  Only a court or a grand jury has legal authority to
compel testimony.
2.  You don't have to let the police or FBI into your home or office
unless they show you an arrest or search warrant which authorizes them
to enter that SPECIFIC place.
3.  If they do present a warrant, you do not have to tell them
anything other than your name and address.  You have a right to
observe what they do.
4.  Make written notes, including the agents' names, agency and badge
numbers.  Try to have other people present as witnesses and have them
make written notes, too.
5.  Anything you do say to any law enforcement officer may be used
against you and other people.
6.  If you do give the FBI or police information, it may mean that you
will have to testify to the same information at a trial or before a
grand jury.
7.  Lying to an FBI agent or other federal investigators is a crime.
8.  The best advice, if the FBI or police try to question you or to
enter your home or office without a warrant, is to JUST SAY NO!  Law
enforcement agents have a job to do and they are highly skilled at it.
Attempting to "outwit" them is very risky.  YOU CAN NEVER TELL HOW A SEEMINGLY HARMLESS BIT OF INFORMATION CAN HELP THEM HURT YOU OR
ANOTHER ACT UP MEMBER.
9.  The investigators may threaten you with a grand jury subpoena if
you don't give them information.  But you may get one anyway, and
anything you've already told them will be the basis for more detailed
questioning under oath.
10.  They may try to threaten or intimidate you by pretending to have
information about you ("We know what you've been doing, but if you
cooperate it will be all right.")  If you are concerned about this,
tell them you will consider talking to them with your lawyer present.
11.  If you are nervous about simply refusing to talk, you may find it
easier to tell them to contact your lawyer.  Once a lawyer is
involved, the agents usually pull back since they have lost their
power to intimidate.  If you are taken into police custory, once you
request an attorney, they MUST cease questioning until your lawyer is
present.  But remember, you don't have to answer their questions, even
if they keep asking.

@_date: 1993-07-08 18:47:32
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Loop stopped, I hope. 
The loop appeared to be at pro-storm.cts.com or pro-sol.cts.com, so
I temporarily removed two people at those sites from the list.
Neither is on the Intenet, so I can't check from here what the exact
problem is.

@_date: 1993-07-13 23:24:34
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Hoptoad disk screwup 
The partition that holds /var/spool has had two hiccups in the last few
days.  This has caused some downtime, and possibly caused some mail to
be lost.  As far as I know, the NSA didn't do it :-))), so y'all can keep
your paranoia at the usual level, whatever that is.

@_date: 1993-07-14 20:27:24
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: PGP tutorial 
author = {Paco Xander Nathan},
   journal = {Fringeware Review},
   month = {July},
   number = {1},
   pages = {17--18},
   title = {Tutorial: PGP},
   volume = {1},
   year = {1992}
Fringeware Review is available for $3.50 from
Fringeware Inc., P. O. Box 49921, Austin, TX 78765
(512-477-1366, fringeware at wixer.bga.com)
This issue also has articles on inter-experiential snorkeling,
cruzin' the internet, email lists, tom jennings, the abolition
of work, mind control, cyborganics, melt-o-media and even cypherpunx.

@_date: 1993-07-15 12:06:56
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: Reply to Perry 
In reply to:
BTW the year should be 1993.  This issue of Fringeware Review
has just been released.
Over the last few months I have noticed that Perry loses no opportunity
to say something negative.  It looks like you have a personality
problem, Perry.  Have you talked with your therapist lately?
Since you saw fit to post this criticism in public, I'll reply here.
1.  Many cypherpunks, being cypherpunks, are interested in "strange
publications" - especially those containing reports on the emerging
alternative culture - which you are apparently contemptuous of
(as of much else).
2.  If you've never heard of Fringeware then why display your ignorance?
3.  If you've never seen the article mentioned, and know nothing of
the author, on what basis do you claim that the author is without
credentials?  Because he publishes in a magazine with "Fringe" in
the title?  You're obviously prejudiced, Perry.
4.  Does it require an advanced degree in mathematics to write a clear
and lucid tutorial for those interested in using PGP?
5.  Is reading "a real text on cryptography" necessary in order to
learn to use PGP?  Your remark suggests it is, which is likely to
discourage people from using PGP rather than encourage them.
6.  Is the exchange of encrypted messages a branch of computer
science?  Why suggest that one has to study math to use PGP?
7.  Why don't you try to make a positive contribution to cypherpunks
instead of being continuously obnoxious?  I'm probably not the only
one here who thinks you're an asshole.

@_date: 1993-07-15 12:14:42
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: Information-content of ciphertext 
Yes.  Remember what information is (in the real world): it is what
reduces our uncertainty about things, it is what allows us to exclude
some things from the realm of what we take to be the case.  An object
contains information only in the context of some method to use that
object to reduce uncertainty.  Thus a piece of ciphertext may contain
information for Joe if he knows how to convert it to plaintext. If
Fred does not know this then for Fred the ciphertext contains no
information, since he is just as uncertain about the world after
receiving the ciphertext as he was before.
Information is information only if you can access it.  What was not
informative may become informative, and vice-versa.  It makes no sense
to think of information independently of a representational agent
(something which represents a state-of-affairs to itself) who is or
can be informed by it.
Mathematicians have a mathematical definition of information, but
mathematicians live in an ideal world, so their definition of
information is different from that of the rest of us.

@_date: 1993-07-16 16:15:07
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: ADMIN: cypherpunks mail configuration change 
Effective immediately, all cypherpunks mail will appear to originate
from 'owner-cypherpunks'.  Previously the name was
'cypherpunks-request'.  This change only affects those of you using
mail filters which are filtering on the out-of-band "From " line.
This change was made so that I can more easily separate bounce
messages from list requests.

@_date: 1993-07-19 16:09:08
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: AP Story 
He could've kept his secring.pgp on diskette... :)

@_date: 1993-07-26 17:31:00
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EFF T-Shirt design contest 
EFF T-SHIRT DESIGN CONTEST
We're Looking for a New Look!
Help Us Make a Fashion Statement!!
EFF T-SHIRT DESIGN CONTEST
1001 G STREET, NW
SUITE 950 EAST
WASHINGTON, DC  20001
Entries must be received no later than 5:00pm on July 31, 1993.  Designs
should be actual size, camera ready and can be b/w or color.  Winner(s)
will receive a free shirt and a one-year membersh to the Electronic
Frontier Foundation.
Sarah L. Simpson
Membership Coordinator
Electronic Frontier Foundation
1001 G Street, NW
Suite 950 East
Washington, DC  20001
202/347-5400 tel
202/393-5509 fax

@_date: 1993-07-27 14:16:20
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: A few more slogan ideas 
I got carried away...
EFF:  Restoring the Bill of Rights, bit by bit.
Cypherpunks:  There's safety in numbers.  (back of shirt:  BIG numbers.)
Cryptography:  There's safety in numbers.  (back of shirt:  BIG numbers.)
Clipper:  A chip off the old Constitution
NSA:  ``What First Amendment?''
Negative Social Advancement
Necrophiliacs Screwing America
Nasty Scheming Authoritarians
Nocturnal Spook Authority
No Secret Authorities
NSA:  Last bastion of thought control
NSA:  Making the world safe for totalitarianism
NSA:  Making the world safe for censorship
Clipper:  Making the world safe for bureacrats
Clipper:  The Policeman is your *Friend*  (italics on Friend)
The NSA supports peace, justice, and freedom.  Right.
Clipper:  Automating no-knock searches.
National Subversion Agents
NSA:  Naddering Nabobs of Negativism		(remember Spiro?)
Nobody's Support Agency
No Sunshine Anymore
Irrational Insecurity Reagency
Negative Survival Approach
Negative Social Access
Negative Social Alteration
Negative Social Amendment
Negative Social Acculturation
National Societal Adulteration
National Social Ablation
National Suppurating Agency
Nogoodniks Smashing America
Nogoodniks Screwing America
No Social Advancement
Naughty Scandalous Amorality
Nasty, Scheming, and Artificial
National Sin Agency
Social Change through Technology:  Cypherpunks
Cypherpunks:  making the world safe for anarchy
Cypherpunks:  making the world safe for privacy
Cypherpunks:  making the world safe for civil rights
A picture of a Clipper chip, with headphones leading off from one of
the pins.
A few more words to combine in N, S, and A:  Sinful, Shameful, Stealth, Shiftiness, Scheme.

@_date: 1993-07-29 01:17:02
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: NSA FOIA hearing in SF -- Monday 2 August, 10AM 
My Freedom of Information case against the NSA continues to grind on.
This is the case where I found two manuscripts by William Friedman in
public libraries and got them formally declassified (they were never
properly classified).  The one that got national press coverage.
At this point, the case has been resolved except for the issue of
whether NSA has to follow the Freedom of Information Act with regard
to time limits.  The Act states that requests will be answered within
ten days, with exceptionally hard requests getting another ten days.
NSA doesn't even send you a postcard back within ten days; they often
take several months.  I have a FOIA request that's been in there more
than a year now and hasn't been answered.
The last courtroom action involved NSA's lawyer and my lawyer
presenting oral arguments about whether the lawsuit could be amended
to invoke the First Amendment, and whether the case should be thrown
out of court (`summary judgement').  After the hearing, Judge
Henderson decided that we couldn't bring in the First Amendment, since
NSA had made the question `moot' by declassifying the documents I
wanted to publish.  But he also decided that our case had merit with
respect to time limits, so it would not be thrown out of court.  He
also decided that our requests for documents from NSA should be
Since then, NSA has filed a second motion asking that the case be
thrown out, and has also gotten a temporary stop in the clock for
giving us documents.  Their reasoning on throwing the case out is very
interesting.  They claim that since I have all the documents I'm going
to get from my original FOIA request, the question of whether they
responded in a timely fashion is `moot'.  My lawyer, Lee Tien
(tien at toad.com or tien at well.sf.ca.us), wrote an excellent response in
which he shows six ways from Sunday that they can't throw this out.
Since it takes much longer to push such a case through the courts than
it takes NSA to eventually respond, they would NEVER have to confront
the issue, if this was how the courts worked.  (Often NSA uses this as
yet another delaying tactic: they simply don't respond, or deny having
any records, and force you to take them to court to get ANYTHING --
which then takes forever.  This is part of what we want to help change
by making them follow the time limits in the law -- we'd like to see
them penalized for withholding documents that they later reveal when
forced to.)
The upcoming hearing should include oral arguments on these points.
The judge probably won't decide anything right there and then.
I know 10AM on a Monday is early for many cypherpunks to be seen at
the Federal Building, but a show of solidarity would be heartening.
It helps to convince the judge -- and the government lawyers -- that
the public really cares about the outcome of the case.  Also, you get
to see and talk with a real live lawyer for the NSA!  (I'm not sure
who will show up -- last time it was Jack Martin, who actually works
for the Dept. of Justice, defending the NSA.)
PS: Some early NSA documents in the case are available on ftp.eff.org in
pub/crypto.  I'll add a draft version of Lee's recent filing under
pub/crypto/Plaintiff/930718-statement-opposing-dismissal.  It's
all in Legalbol, so it's sort of like reading a paper on cryptography

@_date: 1993-07-31 14:28:43
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Skipjack proposed Thursday? 
I seem to have missed this.  Today's Chronicle (July 31) (SanFran)
had a blurb on E2 saying that NIST on Thursday proposed Skipjack
as a federal standard.  Does anyone have the announcement and related documentation?
Lee Tien

@_date: 1993-06-04 10:31:31
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Helping from Canada re Clipper 
Another argument the U.S. government is making is that they surveyed
encryption policy in various countries and "it's not beyond the pale
to limit domestic encryption -- France does it, for example".  If Canada takes a strong stance on domestic encryption, then it is a
counter-example rather than an example of repression.  The Australian
example of deploying GSM in the face of law-enforcement objections has
already been used in testimony to NIST (and I'm sure we'll use it
to convince Congress as well).
You could also argue for removing Canadian restrictions on export of
cryptography.  Currently the Canadian regulations are just
rubber-stamps of the US regulations.  This has the advantage that it's
legal to export US crypto to Canada -- e.g. crypto code developed in
the U.S. can be legally moved outside the range of U.S. law.  This was
useful for PGP; it is legal to use and possess PGP in Canada since
US patent law doesn't apply.  But it limits the development of an
export crypto industry for Canadians, and it furthers the image of
Canada as being under the U.S. government's thumb.

@_date: 1993-06-06 00:35:23
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: decompiling DISKREET 
By the way, I have a relatively usable free 68k disassembler, and have
recently retrofitted the simple GNU portable disassembler (supporting
many processors) with an interface that should allow it to be glued
into the usable disassembler (which traces branches, creates labels,
lets you label things yourself, etc).  Anyone who would like to work
on these tools, please let me know.
The GNU `objdump' program will disassemble the entire program from any
object file format it recognizes (currently most a.out variants, most
COFF variants, ELF, ecoff, xcoff, s-records, some IEEE object files).
We have specs on the Windows object file formats, if anyone wants to add support for reading them.  DOS EXE and COM files would be a useful
addition, as well.
You can get a taste of the current simple disassembler by getting the
latest GNU Binutils (binary utilities) release from prep.ai.mit.edu or
ftp.uu.net.  Configure and build it on any of about twelve kinds of
Unix machines, and run "objdump -d" on itself.

@_date: 1993-06-08 01:13:11
@_author: Mail Delivery Subsystem 
@_subject: Returned mail: Host unknown 
----- Transcript of session follows -----
550 jsday at THUNDER... Host unknown: Can't assign requested address
   ----- Unsent message follows -----
Received:  by ishara.poly.edu (5.59a/25-eef)
Full-Name: A1 ray arachelian (library) Thank you for your letter of support, I'm now keeping a folder
of all the ROT-13 related messagess off this echo and when it
dies down, I'll send the whole thing to the moderator of EchoMac.
Don't worry about the reformatting of your letter, I'll take care
of it before sending the message.
(And yes, I will forward >ALL< letters about the rot-13 issue to
him, even those who disagree with me. :-)  I do believe in
freedom of speech, even when it doesn't match my point of view.)
His address again:  (you needn't mail him unless you want to,
as I'll forward all messages about this to him anyway)
 Steve.Ebener at f42.n152.z1.ieee.org
My mail adress: rarachel at ishara.poly.edu

@_date: 1993-06-08 17:51:08
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: McCarthy lives! 
Tim, I'll be glad to teach you how to file a Privacy Act request.
It's pretty simple, and it works on all Federal agencies.  You get all
records they are keeping on you, with some limited exceptions -- and
for almost all of those, you get notified of the withholding.  If you
can identify one or a small number of agencies that might be keeping
this "list", we can see if you are on it.  And if we find the list, we
can probably get the whole thing under the Freedom of Information Act.

@_date: 1993-06-08 18:37:36
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: AT&T Encrypting Phone Ad in WS Journal 
The box pictured is the Clipper-based successor to the AT&T 3600
secure phone.  They have a "bump in the cord" architecture; in the
case of the 3600, it plugged between the handset and the phone.  This
is a pain in the ass (there are six or seven "handset modules" that
plug into the unit, and you have to use one to match your phone -- or
get several and pray that one will match each phone you ever want
to use.)
We played with one of the 3600's at a Bay Area cypherpunks meeting
a few months ago.
I'd refer to the "Surity" as the "surly telephone device".

@_date: 1993-06-14 00:09:53
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Digital cash software 
I spoke with David Chaum, the inventor of digital money, last week at
the cryptography meetings in DC.  He is willing to give us a noncommercial
license to use his digital money patents, and copies of some of his
software for digital cash, for us to deploy somehow, and start using.
He'll be back in August for Crypto '93 in Santa Barbara, and will
bring one of his assistants (Nils) up to the Bay Area to teach us
about the software.  I think we can get a copy from him in the
meantime, and puzzle it out ourselves between now and then.  We'll
also need to work out the legalese on the patents; it should be
simple, but then again, almost everything *should* be simple...
If we have a small group of people (say 2 to 5) who are seriously interested in building a digital-cash-on-the-Internet application
and getting it into use, then speak up and get organized, and I
will cross-connect you to David and Nils so things will start moving.
David's company Digicash has been working on toll collection systems;
he showed pictures of their newest system that allows driving full
speed through the tollbooths and still does the transaction, using
infrared through the windshield, I think.  If someone wanted to
present his system and his company to the authoritarians who were last
seen preparing to put unencrypted automated vehicle-ID numbers on cars
in California for toll collection, that would be a good thing.  Speak up...

@_date: 1993-06-14 20:31:23
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: 2600 testimony to Markey's subcommittee 
I was at the subcommittee hearing last Wednesday when "Emmanuel
Goldstein" testified, and I took notes.  It is true that two committee
members (about half of the total who were present) focused on 2600 as
being a handbook for crime.  Don Delaney, who was also on the panel,
giving good evidence about the extent and organization of phone fraud
in New York City, noted that the First Amendment had already been
abridged to protect kids from pornography, and proposed a law that
would make it a crime to sell security-related information to
juveniles.  Subcommittee Chairman Markey told a long rambling story
about people going down Maple St. rattling the doorknobs and why that
was a bad thing.  He compared 2600 to people who rattle the doorknobs
and then post on the bulletin board downtown, "The door to 123 Maple
St. is unlocked".  Rep. Fields said to "Emmanuel" that it was
"frightening that someone like you thinks there's a protected right to
violate someone's privacy."
The ironic thing is that another panelist, John J. Haugh, heads a
consulting firm that publishes details about similar topics.  He's the
editor and principal author of a two volume reference work, _Toll
Fraud and Telabuse_, published by his company in early 1992.  He's
also the editor of a national newsletter, _Telecom & Network Security
Review_, also published by his company, with subscribers in 49 states
and 18 countries.
Mr. Haugh did not get hectored by the panel.  But Mr. Haugh charges $170/year for six issues of his newsletter, and wore a suit to the
hearing.  When the same information is published at 2600 prices, packaged for more adventurous people, it is "troubling".
My opinion is that when the privacy and security of society depends on
those doors being locked, then yes, we ought to have whole squads of
Boy Scouts, cops, hackers, and ordinary citizens rattling those
doorknobs hourly and daily.  And when we find one open, we should let
the world know, because the privacy and security of the world depends
on it.  This applies to information like, "if you tune an ordinary
radio to these frequencies, you can hear everyone's phone calls."
If the info is suppressed, the problem will never be fixed, because
not enough public pressure will be brought to bear on those responsible
for fixing it.
PS:  The first half of the hearing was on encryption and Clipper, and I
am pleased to say that the subcommittee took the *right* stance on that
issue -- that the Clipper proposal was trouble and that fundamental rights,
upon which our society is based, were at stake.

@_date: 1993-06-17 16:05:38
@_author: Mail Delivery Subsystem 
@_subject: Returned mail: User unknown 
----- Transcript of session follows -----
While talking to RoseBud.EE.UH.EDU:
<<< 550 ... User unknown
550 nobody at rosebud.ee.uh.edu... User unknown
   ----- Unsent message follows -----
Received: by eff.org id AA00334
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5/ident for nobody at rosebud.ee.uh.edu); Thu, 17 Jun 1993 16:05:38 -0400 (ident-sender: mnemonic at eff.org)

@_date: 1993-06-19 02:11:53
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: weak pseuodrandom number generator 
A pseudorandom number generator recently proposed here, namely:
int rand1(int seedval) { return (seed * 183041 % 183319 + 1); }
needs some cleaning up.  It should be something like:
unsigned long rand1(unsigned long n)
{ return ( ( ( n * 183041L) % 183319 ) + 1 ); }
where n is initally set to some seed value.  However, this is
particularly weak, and quickly degenerates into a cycle,
usually of length 208, as the following program will confirm:
  unsigned long a[15000];
unsigned long rand1( unsigned long n );
void main(int argc, char **argv)
unsigned int i=0, j;
if ( argc < 2 )
    return;
a[0] = atol(argv[1]);
while ( ++i < 15000 )
    {
    a[i] = rand1(a[i-1]);
    for ( j=0; j<i; j++ )
        {
        if ( a[i] == a[j] )
            {
            printf(" Cycle of length %d found.\n",i-j);
            return;
            }
        }
    }
unsigned long rand1( unsigned long n )
return ( ( ( n * 183041L ) % 183319L ) + 1 );
The other generator proposed is equally weak.
This does not demonstrate that pseudorandom number generators
cannot be used as a basis for strong encryption.

@_date: 1993-06-19 16:53:37
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: testing pseudorandom number generators 
Tyler Yip, UnixWeenie(tm), asks:
The standard reference is D. Knuth, The Art of Computer Programming
(as I recall), Volume II, the chapter on random numbers.  Knuth
gives conditions involving a, k and m for n = ( n*a + k ) mod m
to have a long (or maximal) period.
For the less mathematically-inclined, a pleasing and quick way to
eliminate weak pseudorandom number generators is to use the generator
to pick row and column pixel positions on a graphics screen.  Turn
on "randomly" selected pixels.  If the screen does not get completely
filled in a visibly random way then the generator is weak.  A particularly
weak generator will turn on 1% or so of the pixels then nothing further
happens because it has entered a cycle.  A weak generator may fill the
screen with parallel lines.  Writing a program to test generators in this
way is a useful, easy and amusing task and is left as an exercise for the
Someone may be inclined to reply that this test does not show that a
generator is cryptographically strong, to which the answer is: True, but it certainly eliminates the ones that aren't, and it's fun to watch the pixel display for different generators.
Well, on second thought, maybe some generators that are not crypto-
graphically bullet-proof might pass this test.  But if some generator
does not, you can throw it away immediately.

@_date: 1993-06-19 18:57:35
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: that cipher I wrote (pseudo random generators) 
Don't bother with looking for a large period (though Knuth spends
about half a book on pseudorandom number generators).  The problem is
that the sequence is predictable.  Given ten sequential values from
anywhere in the sequence, I think there are algorithms that will
determine the sequence.  This is from dim recall of some Crypto '90
presentations.  Perhaps someone has the papers in front of them, or
can re-derive the results?
Given plaintext XOR'd with a sequence, you can make pretty good guesses at
ten values in the sequence, and if you have to try a few thousand guesses,
it will still only take minutes or hours to crack.

@_date: 1993-06-21 03:08:27
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Patent libraries 
Here's some info about the Sunnyvale patent library.  You can walk-in
and do it all yourself, for free.  Bring a few rolls of dimes, since
they don't make change and their copiers don't have mag-cards.  Or,
you can put down a deposit and have them copy patents and mail or fax
them to you.  I've done it both ways.
It's on a back street, in an old elementary school complex.  A bit
hard to find.  Call for directions.  It's worth spending a day there
e.g. looking up crypto patents, if your days aren't in short supply.
I found the microcode to the 68000 in there, among other things.
Sunnyvale Patent Information Clearinghouse
1500 Partridge Avenue, Building 7
Sunnyvale, CA  94087
+1 408 730 7290  voice
+1 408 735 8762  fax
Sunnyvale Patent Information Clearinghouse has a complete set of US
patents and trademarks from number one to the present issue.  We
provide rapid document delivery at an affordable price.
Orders may be phoned in during office hours (M-F, 9-5) or faxed at
your convenience.
Patent copy charges are:
Regular charge --	$3.55 per patent, 90c/page, plus postage
24 hour turnaround
Express mail --		$3.55 per patent, 90c/page, handling fee $8.60,
same day service	plus express charge
(3pm cutoff)
Fax -- same day		$14.30 per patent, $1.60/page
Fax -- within 2 hours	$35.65 per patent, $1.60/page
Special pick-up		$3.55 per patent, 90c/page, handling fee $8.60 in person
DEPOSIT ACCOUNT SERVICE:  You must establish a deposit account before
receiving patent copies.  The minimum deposit is $75.  On your
letterhead stationary, submit names authorized to use the deposit
account.  Checks should be made payable to the City of Sunnyvale.
John Gilmore                gnu at toad.com  --  gnu at cygnus.com  --  gnu at eff.org
Creating freedom, rather than longer chains, bigger cages, better meals, . . .

@_date: 1993-06-21 14:30:02
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Some FOIA results re Clipper 
Lee Tien and I have submitted a pile of FOIA requests about Clipper.
Here is scanned-in text from some of the more interesting results,
courtesy of Lee.  Search for "required", for a mention of the proposal
to require the use of Clipper.  Also note that the role of the
"national security community" has been deliberately withheld from the
public statements (search for "mentioned").
Most agencies have not yet responded with documents.  FBI is claiming
it will take them a year, and we are preparing to file suit to force
them to do it within 10 days like the law requires.  (Our NSA suit over
the same thing, is continuing through the gears of the court process.)
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON, DC  20301-3040
COMMAND CONTROL COMMUNICATIONS AND MEMORANDUM FOR MS. JOANN H. GRUBE, NSA REPRESENTATIVE/NSC PRD-27 EXPORT CONTROL WORKING GROUP
SUBJECT:  Comments on PRD-27/NSA Draft (U)
memorandum to Jim Lewis, Department of State:
XXXXXXXXXX blacked out via FOIA (b)(1) exemption. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
statements.  Recommend that the memorandum provide more empirical evidence to back up its assertions, and that the above comments be reflected in its contents.
CLASSIFIED BY:  OASD(C3I)/DIR, ISS
DECLASSIFY ON:  OADR
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON DC 20301-3040
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS AND
30 APR 1993  (stamped)
MEMORANDUM FOR THE ACTING ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (C3I)
(U)	Advances in telecommunications have created the
opportunity for public use of encryption to ensure the privacy and
integrity of business and personal communications.  These same
advances threaten the capabilities of law enforcement and national
security operations that intercept the communications of
narcotraffickers, organized criminals, terrorists, espionage agents
of foreign powers and SIGINT targets.  Diverse interests are in
diametric opposition with regard to industry's right to sell and the
public's right to use such capabilities.  A highly-emotional, spirited
public debate is likely.
(U)	In its simplest construct, this complex set of issues places
the public's right to privacy in opposition to the public's desire for
safety.  The law enforcement and national security communities
argue that if the public's right to privacy prevails and free use of
cryptography is allowed, criminals and spies will avoid wiretaps
and other intercepts and consequently prosper.  They propose that
cryptography be made available and required which contains a
"trapdoor" that would allow law enforcement and national security
officials, under proper supervision, to decrypt enciphered
communications.  Such cryptography exists, and while there are
many practical problems to be solved, this proposal is technically
possible to achieve.
(U)	Opponents of the proposal argue that the public has a right
to and an expectation of privacy, that a trapdoor system would be
prone to misuse and abuse, and that the proposed solution would
not work in any practical sense.  They assert that people who are
deliberately breaking much more serious laws would not hesitate to
use cryptography that does not have a trapdoor, and that secure
cryptography will inevitably be supplied by offshore companies.
Thus, freedom will be lost and many tax dollars spent to no effect.
(U)	This situation is complicated by the existence of other
interests.  For example, there currently exist strict controls on the
export of cryptography.  The computer industry points out that it
has one of the few remaining positive trade balances and that it is
vital that the dominance of the American computer industry in
world markets be preserved.  The industry fears that this will be
lost if offshore developers incorporate high-quality cryptography
into their products while U.S. industry either cannot do so or
suffers higher costs or delays due to requirements for export
licenses.  The industry argues persuasively that overseas markets
(much less drug lords or spies) will not look with favor on U.S.
products which have known trapdoors when offshore products
which do not have them are available.  In support of their
argument, they note that powerful public-key cryptography
developed and patented by RSA using U.S. tax dollars is free to
developers in Europe, subject to royalties in the United States, and
cannot be exported without expensive and time-late export
licenses.  These charges are true.
(U)	The national security community is especially interested in
preventing the spread of high-quality encipherment routines
overseas, and argues that more extensive use here at home will
inevitably result in such a proliferation.  Actually, it is too late.
The Data Encryption Standard (DES) is already widely available
throughout the world in both hardware and software forms, and
DES software can be downloaded anywhere in the world from
public bulletin boards by anyone with a PC, a MODEM and a
telephone.  In one recent experiment it took three minutes and
fourteen seconds to locate a source-code version of DES on the
INTERNET.  Widespread availability of DES and RSA will enable
offshore developers to provide high-quality encipherment for voice
and data communications in competition with U.S. industry's
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  blacked out via FOIA exemption (b)(1) XXXXXXXXXXX
(U)	Despite these concerns, the President has directed that the
Attorney General request that manufacturers of communications
hardware use the trapdoor chip, and at least AT&T has been
reported willing to do so (having been suitably incentivised by
promises of Government purchases).  The Attorney General has
also been directed to create a system for escrow of key material.
The Secretary of Commerce has been directed to produce standards
based on the use of the trapdoor chip.
(U)	The President has also directed that the fact that law
enforcement officials will have access to the keys will not be
concealed from the public.  National security officials are not
(U)	The new administration is committed to the development of
an information superhighway and a National Information
Infrastructure in support of the economy.  This worthy goal is
independent of arguments as to whether or not law enforcement
and national security officials will be able to read at will traffic
passing along the information superhighway.  A full-scale public
debate is needed to ascertain the wishes of U.S. citizens with
regard to their privacy, and the impact on public safety of
preserving privacy at the expense of wiretapping and
communications intercept capabilities of law enforcement and
national security personnel.  It is not clear what the public will
decide.  In the meantime, DoD has trapdoor technology and the
Government is proceeding with development of the processes
needed to apply that technology in order to maintain the capability
to perform licit intercept of communications in support of law
enforcement and national security.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON DC  20301-3040
May 3, 1993
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS AND
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
MEMORANDUM FOR DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
FROM:		CHARLES A. HAWKINS, JR., ACTING ASD(C3I)  (initialed C. Hxxx)
SUBJECT:	Advanced Telecommunications and Encryption (U)
PURPOSE:	INFORMATION
DISCUSSION:	(U)  In response to DEPSECDEF's tasking of
21 Apr 93 (TAB A) this information is provided.  Advances in
telecommunications have created the opportunity for public use of
encryption to ensure the privacy and integrity of business and
personal communications.  These same advances threaten the
capabilities of law enforcement and national security operations that
intercept the communications of narcotraffickers, organized
criminals, terrorists, espionage agents of foreign powers and a broad
range of SIGINT targets.  Diverse interests are in diametric
opposition with regard to industry's right to sell and the public's right
to use such capabilities.  A highly-emotional, spirited public debate
is likely.
argue that if the public's right to privacy prevails and free use of
cryptography is allowed, criminals and spies will avoid wiretaps and
other intercepts.  They propose that cryptography be made available
to the public which contains a "trapdoor" that would allow law
enforcement and national security officials, under proper
supervision, to decrypt enciphered communications.  Such
cryptography exists, and while there are many practical problems to
be solved, this proposal is technically possible to implement.
right to and expectation of privacy, that such a system would be
prone to misuse and abuse, and that the proposed solution would not
work in any practical sense.  They assert that criminals and spies will
not hesitate to use secure cryptography supplied by offshore
companies.  Thus, the loss of privacy would outweigh any
advantages to law enforcement or national security.
few remaining positive trade balances and that it is vital that the
dominance of the American computer industry in world markets be
preserved.  The industry fears that this will be lost if offshore
developers incorporate high-quality cryptography into their products
while U.S. industry either cannot do so or suffers higher costs or
delays due to requirements for export licenses because of strict
controls of export of cryptography.  The industry argues persuasively
that overseas markets (much less drug lords or spies) will not look
with favor on U.S. products which have known trapdoors when
offshore products which do not have them are available.
CLASSIFIED BY:	DASD(CI&SCM)
DECLASSIFY ON:	OADR
in preventing the spread of high-quality encipherment routines
overseas, and argues that more extensive use here at home will
inevitably result in such a proliferation.  This would increase the cost
of performing the SIGINT mission or decrease the amount of
intelligence, or both.  The Data Encryption Standard (DES) is
already widely available throughout the world in both hardware and
software forms, and DES software can be downloaded anywhere in
the world from public bulletin boards by anyone with a PC, a
MODEM, and a telephone.  Thus far, widespread availability has not
led to widespread use.  However, widespread availability of DES and
RSA will make it possible for offshore developers to provide high-
quality encipherment for voice and data communications in
competition with U.S. industry's products.
XXXXXXXXXX blacked out under FOIA exemption (b)(1) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
request that manufacturers of communications hardware use the
trapdoor chip.  The Attorney General has also been directed to create
a system for escrow of key material.  The Secretary of Commerce
has been directed to produce standards based on the use of the
trapdoor chip.  The President has also directed that the fact that law
enforcement officials will have access to the keys will not be
concealed from the public.  National security officials are not
of an information superhighway and a National Information
Infrastructure in support of the economy.  This worthy goal is
independent of arguments as to whether or not law enforcement and
national security officials will be able to read at will traffic passing
along the information superhighway.  A full-scale public debate is
beginning which will ascertain the wishes of U.S. citizens with
regard to their privacy and the impact on public safety of preserving
privacy at the expense of wiretapping and communications intercept
capabilities of law enforcement and national security personnel.  It is
not clear what the public will decide.  In the meantime, DoD has
trapdoor technology and the Government is proceeding with
development of the processes needed to apply that technology in
order to maintain the capability to perform licit intercept of
communications in support of law enforcement and national security.
Prepared by:  Dan Ryan/ODASD(CI & SCM)/x 41779/28 Apr 93/OSD
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-06-21 14:42:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: A public experiment in how private our lives really are 
A reported has asked me for help in finding people who will help to pentrate the privacy of four volunteers, for a major newspaper story.
Any takers?  Contact the reporter:
   Reporter for major metro paper is interested in help finding out anything there is to find on four prominent people who have volunteered to have their privacy breached.
   Financial fundamentals. Lives of crime. Aches and pains. How rich they are, where they vacation, who they socialize with. You name it, we're interested in seeing if it's out there.
   All for a good cause.
   If you're willing to advise this computer-ignorant reporter, or dig in and get the dope on these volunteers, please contact him at tye at nws.globe.com
   Or call at +1 617 929 3342.
   Soon.
   Thanks.
Feel free to forward this far and wide.
John Gilmore                gnu at toad.com  --  gnu at cygnus.com  --  gnu at eff.org
Creating freedom, rather than longer chains, bigger cages, better meals, . . .

@_date: 1993-06-22 02:00:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: hardware RNG 
Well, the most obvious is for the attacker to TRANSMIT on that
frequency.  Then they control the 'random' data you are getting.

@_date: 1993-06-24 09:33:36
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Perspectives 
I agree with der Cat; the paranoia here is getting excessive.
I think it's most likely that the documents we received were genuine,
and an attempt of someone in the Secretary of Defense's staff to
explain the situation to policy-people in that office who had not kept
track of what was going on.  There's a lot more for the Secretary of
Defense to do than to watch domestic entryption debates, and falsify documents about them just in case someone requests them under FOIA.

@_date: 1993-06-26 13:40:32
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Int'l Conf on Signal Processing Apps & Tech, Santa Clara, 28Sep93 
Folks interested in DSP's, including voice compression and encryption,
fast exponentiation, etc, may want to attend this conference.  Particular
sessions of interest:
Workshop, 27 Sep:  Low Cost Speech Compression Technology for Consumer
Digital Encryption System for Speech Communication over the Public
Switching Telephone Network, Sofi'a Moreno Pe'rez, Rafael Sarmiento de
Sotomayor, Luis Di'ez del Ri'o, Jose' Parera Bermu'dez, Marcelino
Veiga Pe'rez, and Ramo'n Garcia Go'mez, E.T.S.I. de Telecomunicacio'n,
Real-Time Implementation of Variable Rate QCELP Codec using TMS320C30
DSP, Kyongo Han, Byungsik Yoon, Insung Lee, and Sangwon Kang,
Electronics & Telecom. Research Institute, Korea
Improving the Cryptanalysis Algorithms Based Upon the Multiple
Residues, S.J. Tabatabaian and G.P. Singh, University of Newcastle upon
Tyne, U.K.
three more papers on Speech Coding Algorithms
15 more papers on Speech Coding Implementation
and about 100 other papers.
Price: $495 before 25Aug93; $595 after.
Students: $350 before, $425 after.
DSP Associates
18 Peregrine Road
Newton Centre, MA  02159
+1 617 964 3817
+1 617 969 6689
DSPWorld at world.std.com

@_date: 1993-06-28 09:10:48
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: 1st Amendment vs. ITAR:  bibliography 
We sent this off to the State Dept. today.
June 28, 1993
Clyde Bryant
Foreign Affairs Officer
Compliance Division
Bureau of Politico-Military Affairs
Office of Defense Trade Controls
U.S. Department of State
PM/ODTC SA-6 Rm. 200
Washington, DC  20522
Dear Mr. Bryant:
Mr. Dan Cook told my client, Mr. John Gilmore, that you and
the Compliance Division of the Office of Defense Trade Controls
are presently reviewing aspects of the International Traffic in
Arms Regulations (ITAR) with respect to First Amendment
questions.  My client volunteered to send some law review
articles in order that all relevant materials be available to you in
this review.
I am pleased to provide you with some materials which you
may find useful in your review.  They address First Amendment
and other constitutional issues raised by the Arms Export Control
Act, the ITAR, and the Export Administration Act.
We believe that information about cryptography, including
research papers, discussion of cryptographic algorithms, and
implementations in source-code form, is protected speech within
the meaning of the First Amendment.  We also believe that the
export controls of the ITAR violate the First Amendment
because they infringe the rights of cryptographers to speak and
publish freely.  The licensing procedure amounts to prior
restraint.  The laws and regulations are vague and overbroad.
I have enclosed the following materials:
1.	Ferguson, Scientific Inquiry and the First Amendment,
64 CORNELL L.REV. 639 (1979)
2.	Note, National Security Controls on the Dissemination
of Privately Generated Scientific Information, 30
U.C.L.A. L. REV. 405 (1982)
3.	Cheh, Government Control of Private Ideas -- Striking a
Balance Between Scientific Freedom and National
Security, 23 JURIMETRICS J. 1 (1982)
4.	Greenstein, National Security Controls on Scientific
Information, 23 JURIMETRICS J. 50 (1982)
5.	Alexander, Preserving High-Tech Secrets:  National
Security Controls on University Research and Teaching,
15 LAW & POL'Y IN INT'L BUS. 173 (1983)
6.	Wilson, National Security Control of Technological
Information, 25 JURIMETRICS J. 109 (1985)
7.	John Harmon, Assistant Attorney General, Office of
Legal Counsel, Department of Justice, Memorandum to
Dr. Frank Press, Science Advisor to the President, Re:
Constitutionality Under the First Amendment of ITAR
Restrictions on Public Cryptography (May 11, 1978).
This memorandum was reprinted in The Government's
Classification of Private Ideas:  Hearings before a Subcomm. of
the House Comm. on Government Operations, 96th Cong., 2d
Sess., 268-84 (1980).  These hearing transcripts were
accompanied by a House Report.  House Comm. on Gov't
Operations, The Government's Classification of Private Ideas,
H.R. REP. NO. 1540, 96TH CONG., 2D SESS. (1980).  We strongly
recommend that you read both the hearing transcripts and the
summary report.
We hope that these materials will assist you in formulating a
constitutional export control policy for scientific research in
general and for cryptography in particular.  Please do not hesitate
to contact me if you wish to engage in further exchanges.
Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John
     Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: 1993-06-29 23:29:19
@_author: Timothy L. Nali 
@_subject: Wired tidbit about NSA 
Here's a little something about the NSA from the latest issue of Wired:
pg 25, in the middle type Clipper Purposely Clipped?  Sources cloas to those in the know on
Captial Hill claim that NSA deliberately sabatoged the poorly considered
Clipper encryption chip (rolled out to the Net.public's dismay by the
White House early this spring).  The NSA, our sources say, would like
nothing more than to see the the Clipper chip fail, resulting in the
outlawing of encryption altogether ("Gee, we tried...").  The Electronic
Frontier Foundation's response to the Clipper plan, which has been in
the works for four years and was formulated by the NSA:  "We should not
rely on the government as the sole source for Clipper or any other chip.
 Rather, independent chip manufacturers should be able  to produce chip
sets based on open standards."
While I wouldn't take this as absolute truth yet, it is certainly food
for thought.
                    Perfect Paranoia is Perfect Awareness
 Tim Nali            \  "We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of
 tn0s at andrew.cmu.edu  \   the dreams" -Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory

@_date: 1993-03-02 10:38:20
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: A novel (?) return address idea 
There seems to me to be a serious problem with the "novel return
address" idea.  The information that ties together multiple anonymous
messages from the same person is out in the world, encrypted by a
single key in a conventional cipher.
If that single key is compromised, everyone's identity is exposed. (Or,
at least, the correlation among all messages sent by that individual, even if their legal or email name is not revealed).
Furthermore, breaking the key will be possible by sending test-probes
and doing exhaustive search.  E.g. if you add 128 bits of salt,
someone can send five or ten messages to themself through the
remailer, and accumulate ten encrypted addresses that are known to be
for the same sender.  When decrypted, these keys will have maybe a 16-
or 32-bit "return address ID" and 128 bits of salt.  The attacker can
then search the key space for keys that include large numbers of
identical bits when decrypting those ten keys.  This search is easily
amenable to parallelization, fast hardware also exists to do it, and
it may be possible to find improved algorithms to use the knowledge of
identical plaintext bits to speed up the search process.
The idea also suffers from the dossier problem -- all the information
about return addresses will exist in a single place (at the remailer
site) where it's tempting for a government (or other adversary of
privacy) to try for it.
Keep thinking, folks!  We aren't there yet...

@_date: 1993-03-03 00:28:10
@_author: Christopher Eric Hanson 
@_subject: Handling Abuses of Remailers 
Quick but relevant question: Assuming a commercial anonymous remailer
were set up tomorrow, with (don't ask me how this would be done, it's
hypothetical...) provable anonymity -- what should it charge per message,
or per kilobyte of message?
Chris - Xenon

@_date: 1993-03-05 00:51:03
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
I heard today that the Federal Public Health Service has been trying
to eliminate anonymous AIDS testing, but it's unlikely to disappear,
at least in San Francisco.  (The PHS claims to want peoples'
identities so PHS can tell their sex partners that they're at risk.
Though I haven't figured out how PHS plans to find out who's having
sex with who.)
It occurred to me that truly anonymous postings to online discussions
about AIDS would allow people who have AIDS to discuss the changes it
puts them through, without letting them be discriminated against by
having their identities revealed.
A video I saw about AIDS testing mentioned that if you get a positive
result, you should be careful about who you tell, because there are
still many unenlightened employers, landlords, insurance companies, etc.

@_date: 1993-03-16 09:32:07
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: the recent mailing list flames 
A word from your list maintainer.
Some people have no patience.  I was at CFP for three days last week,
soda has crashed twice (and is still down as of this writing), I've
had house guests.  I just this morning finished all the pending list
requests.  (All the deletions I did yesterday.)
One of the two loud complainers, mbrennan at netcom.com, had actually
doubled subscribed himself to the list.  I had already removed him
once, so I thought; I had moved him over to the -announce list.
Since we don't believe in security by obscurity here, the following
will generate a mail bomb for the next time _you_ want to be an
The program 'yes' (be repetitively affirmative) goes into an infinite
loop printing its argument.  When the pipe buffer fills up, the kernal
blocks the 'yes' process and invokes 'head', which partially empties
the buffer; 'yes' refills it.  This goes on until 'head' has seen
enough lines and terminates and closes the pipe.  Closing the pipe
then causes 'yes' to terminate.  So even though 'yes' is nominally an
infinite loop, when bound to a pipe and to a program which accepts a
bounded number of lines, it stops being an infinite loop.  I consider
this clever.
Enjoy, but do not deploy this one.

@_date: 1993-03-16 09:34:20
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: news.admin.policy: A Report From the Front 
As far as this automatic cancelling business goes, what can be
automatically cancelled can also be automatically regenerated.
Who here has been in such a news war and has software already written?

@_date: 1993-03-26 00:52:02
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: there ain't no usenet "backbone" 
"Backbone" actually used to mean something, in the days when most of the
news moved cross-country and to Europe over dialed telephone calls.  It
meant that those sites that made the calls were paying big bucks and were
hard to replace.
At one point when the "backbone" wouldn't carry a newsgroup on drugs,
Brian Reid, Gordon Moffett and I created a nationwide "alt backbone"
that carried the alt newsgroups (including alt.drugs, the first).  The
alt backbone was needed for more than a year, til the creation of
alt.sex and its subsequent popularity caused a large proportion of the
net to pass alt groups around.
Nowadays when hundreds of sites on each coast have leased T1 lines
that all connect to each other (it's called the Internet), it's not a
big deal.  Any such site can manage a full news feed to any other such
site.  These sites can manage ten full news feeds if they want high
redundancy or fanout.  Even people with 56K leased lines (like
toad.com) have no trouble with multiple redundant feeds to get around
There is a single site `backbone' now -- uunet -- which has a stated policy of passing all traffic.  (Why not?  They get paid by the minute.)
It's still important for the thousands of UUCP sites, especially those
that are in the boonies, far from local Internet nodes.
The idea of the backbone needs to die.  Let's solve the real problems
and skip the strawmen.
John Gilmore                gnu at toad.com  --  gnu at cygnus.com  --  gnu at eff.org
  I agree it is a very good document, and I envy it - the country I live
  in doesn't have such a constitution.  I just wish you guys would _use_
  it.  Your assertion about "the freest country" fails because you don't
  - it would perhaps be true if the system would work according to the
  constitution.  But it does no good to have such a document just
  rotting away locked up somewhere, after even banning the material it's
  printed on.  				//Jyrki Kuoppala, jkp at cs.HUT.FI

@_date: 1993-03-26 01:11:43
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: REMAIL: cypherpunks strategy 
It depends on the location and setup of the remailer(s).
Thousands of users are not enough.  If individual users are doing it,
they are too subject to pressure from their system managers.  We don't
have software capable of rerouting among a thousand remailers, 100 of which
get their accounts canceled daily, 100 new ones added each day.  We
aren't likely to get it soon, either.
To permanently restore at least last month's level of service, we need
a couple of dedicated, firewalled, buttressed sites.  You want a few
geographically separated people who own their own systems (or who own
or run the company that owns them), who have solid network links
(possibly redundant), and who are fully committed to the idea -- as
committed as funet.fi to persist past the vilification and harassment
and threats.
And those people need backup from the rest of us -- legal help if they
need or want it, money to pay the networking bill if things get tight,
loans of backup equipment during failures under load, system
administration when folks try to break in and trash their machines,
software creation and maintenance, advocacy, policy work, advice, and
a bunch of shoulders to cry on and warm words of encouragement.
Three to five people providing such setups, in collaboration, would
wedge a steel-toed boot so firmly in the door that it couldn't be
slammed by any dyspeptic "net god".
Are we up to this job?  If not, let's scale back what we're trying to
do.  I'd rather succeed at raising consciousness on the issue for a
later try, than try now to set up such a beachhead and fail at it.

@_date: 1993-05-04 06:54:28
@_author: Liam David Gray 
@_subject: PGP, and TANSTAAFL! 
Stanton McCandlish writes, in response to Perry Metzger, on privacy and
free lunches:
A-ha!  You've just caused me to "un-lurk," Stanton; thanks for the great
Here you seem to be confusing the issue.  How can you say that privacy
(the right?) should be free, when defending privacy shouldn't be free? Can someone walk up to you and _give_ you privacy?  I always assumed you
had to be willing to go out and get it yourself, by hook or by crook. Without defense of a right, the right is moot.  _With_ defense of a
right, the right is moot:  In that case, you already have what you want!
I suppose I also have a "right to lunch," too, with the caveat that each
I must "ensure" my right to lunch by tripping down to MacDonald's and
buying it.  Why bother with the right?  What is free here?  The fact
that MacDonald's is open for business?  But I'm not even guaranteed that!
Are rights a useless construction?
Well said; I agree completely.
I hope I'm not getting off list topic here on my first post, but the
"privacy is free" meme looks to be potentially damaging for us.  Perhaps
you mean, Stanton, that privacy as a commodity should not be traded for
U.S. dollars, Deutsche Mark, or Mexican Pesos, but for some other
currency?  Sweat, perhaps?  If you pay in sweat, it isn't free--you
could have paid someone else to sweat for you.  Surely this hasn't
boiled down to a question over valid currency for trade in privacy?
I think the fundamental question here is whether rights are free. [Whether they "should be" free doesn't mean ANYTHING; what does "should
be" mean?]  Look around; you'll see a lot of people "fighting for their
rights" to do X.  I don't think you can tell _them_ that "the right to
do X is free."
Cheers, TANSTAAFL, and I hope I haven't offended Stanton over a minor point,
P.S.  If anyone knows what rights are, mail me.  I'm extremely
interested. Don't perpetuate my possible topical error by sending it to
Cypherpunks, unless you think everyone else will be interested. (Maybe
Extropians would be...)
Public key available by arrangement       -- The cat is out of the bag.
Too much of a dreamer not to be practical -- Go have your own "valiant defeat."
Liam David Gray     -- Quote me.

@_date: 1993-05-04 12:18:22
@_author: Liam David Gray 
@_subject: PGP, and TANSTAAFL! 
[I already sent this to Stanton McCandlish in private e-mail, but I
thought it might be of interest to Cypherpunks in general.  In it I
correct some stupid statements I made in an earlier post.  -Liam]
------------- Begin forwarded message --------------
In <9305041614.AA08798 at hydra.unm.edu>, you write:
For the sake of argument , Stanton, I wouldn't say a "right to
lunch," even as posed this way, should stand.  If it's a statutory
right, then -- well, then it is just that.  But I regard this is
coincidence and would hesitate to call it a "natural right," since I
should be free to negotiate an employment contract which pays me less
("docks" me, if you wish) if I take time off for lunch, and more (a
"bonus?") if I stay on all day.  Note that at present I am _not_ free to
do so, so that right is being infringed upon, just as our privacy is
frequently infringed upon at present.
Right!  This seems to be the main parallel to privacy here.  I do agree
on that.
I accept your objection to my positioning of rights as commodities. Disregarding the fact that I still believe rights are fairly meaningless
(they only work if someone recognizes the same rights as you do, so
that's all subjective), I do realize what people mean when they talk
about rights, and that to talk of them as commodities therefore probably
_is_ confusing the issue.
What I meant to emphasize (and failed to mention) was that it is still
quite possible and natural to defend one's privacy, whether one believes
privacy is a "right" under the law or not.  Too often, I've seen people
use their violated rights as a justification for pointless, indignant
whining.  I want to advocate a more aggressive, guerrilla-style defense
of privacy; to me, it is enough that I _want_ privacy.  While rights are
inherent, and, agreed, are _not_ commodities, the preservation and
enforcement of all rights _costs_ something, and doesn't always involve
opponents who are willing to believe that what you are defending is a
I think we're fundamentally in agreement.  I think I was right to have
second thoughts over whether my argument over rights was appropriate for
the list--probably it was not.  But nonetheless, I'm glad we're
discussing it.
Happy Cypherpunking!
PS:  I admired your courage in offering and advertising PGP on your BBS,
and thought you handled the threat from Jim Bidzos gracefully.  Let's
hope PGP can become legal soon.  Really, I'd like to see a PGP that is
legal for both personal _and commerical_ use, internationally, even if
it costs money--perhaps especially if it costs money.  The reason I
tried to establish rights as commodities, Stanton, is that I've read too
many Ayn Rand novels :) and believe that trading something in money is a
symbol of its value, and of the value of whoever created it, and should
be a big ego boost to creative people and to all involved.
I really don't like anything free, even something sold in a large
bundle.  Ever eat too much at an all-you-can-eat restaurant?  I think
that, in part, life is too much like an all-you-can-eat restaurant. Paying for something for its own merits causes us to get our priorities
straight.  I like to see people get filthy rich [why filthy?] _selling_
software; the feeling I get when I buy something is similar to the
feeling some people get when they give money to charities, I suppose. Everything worth doing is worth doing at a profit.  Ever get warm
fuzzies when you send something UPS instead of US Parcel Post? :-)  In
some cases, the profit may not be monetary.  But it's profit
nonetheless, and that can only be good.
Public key available by arrangement       -- The cat is out of the bag.
Too much of a dreamer not to be practical -- Go have your own "valiant defeat."
Liam David Gray     -- Quote me.

@_date: 1993-05-05 11:42:11
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: A proposal to use RSAREF in PGP 
RSA Data Security, Inc.
    5 May 93
Dear Jim:
I am writing to you to get your approval to install RSAREF into PGP
in order to make PGP legal and hopefully end the conflicts regarding
patent infringement.  You said publicly a number of times that PGP
may become legal in the US if it incorporated RSAREF.  I assume from
these remarks that you would prefer that to happen.  So let's do it.
PGP now has, in testbed form, RSAREF integrated into it.  With your
approval, the next release could be an RSAREF version.  I say your
approval, because it is necessary to use the two static entry points
RSAPublicBlock and RSAPrivateBlock in rsa.c in RSAREF to allow
backward compatibility with older versions of PGP.  Unfortunately,
the old versions of PGP have an error that makes the contents of a
DEK and MD packet inside of an RSA multiprecision integer not comply
with PKCS standards of padding.  New versions of PGP will correct
this problem, but backward compatibility is needed, so the
RSAPublicBlock and RSAPrivateBlock entry points must be called to
parse the old packets.  The global entry points RSAPublicEncrypt and
RSAPrivateEncrypt will also be used to generate the new
PKCS-formatted packets.  As I understand it, the standard RSAREF
license requires your approval to use these entry points.  I
discussed these ideas with Ron Rivest and Burt Kaliski, and both
seemed to not raise any objections.  I hope you will agree.
At some time in the future, when all the old certifying signatures
are eventually replaced with new ones, these static entry points will
not have to be called, allowing the the regular entry points in rsa.h
to be called in their place.  We will be encouraging people to get
their certifying signatures renewed on their keys with the new
version of PGP.
PGP users outside the US will be using a version of PGP without
RSAREF, but it will be compatible in every way with the RSAREF
The PGP developers will also be contributing some speedups to RSAREF
in future releases.  This will help all of your installed base of
RSAREF applications.
I am also modifying the PGP User's Guide to remove the remarks in the
legal issues section that I suspect you regard as inflammatory.  I
hope this will pave the way for us to close ranks and work together
on fighting the Clipper chip initiative.  If there are other measures
you'd like me to take to improve relations between us, let me know. I hope our common political objectives will outweigh your personal
feelings, so the community of PGP users may work better with you to
face these pressing policy issues.
The new release can be ready in a few days, if you approve.
Philip Zimmermann

@_date: 1993-05-06 18:31:51
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: No Subject 
Received: from [192.77.172.140] (bush.eff.org) by eff.org with SMTP id AA08608
 (5.65c/IDA-1.4.4/pen-ident); Thu, 6 May 1993 18:23:09 -0400 This is the letter to the President dated 5/6/93  on Cryptography and
Clipper Chip from the digital privacy and security working group. PLEASE
CIRCULATE BROADLY. For further information, contact  jberman at eff.org
Information Technology Association of America
Information Industry Association
Iris Associates
 RSA Data Security, Inc.
Software Publishers >Association  Sun Microsystems, Inc.
Toolmaker, Inc.
 Trusted Information Systems

@_date: 1993-05-08 21:24:57
@_author: Liam David Gray 
@_subject: RNG: from Zener diode? 
I recall you or some other Cypherpunk mentioning that, by some means,
strong random numbers can be had by observing some property of Zener
Could you explain this?  ...If feasible, I imagine exploiting this
phenomenon to make a "random number dongle," an inline device for a PC's
serial or parallel port, which could be polled by savvy software.  If
possible, and if someone hasn't done it already, I'd like to work up a
simple recipe (schematic, list of ingredients, and sample code) for
this--and get it put into our "crypto-anarchists' cookbook"--i.e., on
soda.berkeley.edu.  Perhaps a future version of PGP could take advantage
of such a random noise dongle, selectable by command-line switch.
This is pure speculation at this point.  Am I completely off-base?  In
any case, I'd love to hear more about it.
PGP public key available by arrangement   -- The cat is out of the bag.
Too much of a dreamer not to be practical -- Go have your own "valiant defeat."
Liam David Gray

@_date: 1993-05-16 00:02:19
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Forestalling paranoia 
The Little Garden network, which connects toad.com to the Internet, was down today due to some scheduled power outages in a building
that our link goes through.  Fear not...if you sent something to
cypherpunks, it will get through when the power comes back on.

@_date: 1993-05-21 18:20:18
@_author: Thomas W. Strong, Jr. 
@_subject: cypto + compression 
Be careful doing that.  It's fine if you are using a compression
algorithm that is designed for use with encryption, but if you're just
using compress and you make that known, then an opponent just has to
look for the magic numbers and headers that compress puts in the front
of every file.  Instead of believing that strings like "the" will appear
somewhere, the opponent now knows exactly what the encrypted document
starts with.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
  Tom Strong              N3NBB              ts49+ at andrew.cmu.edu

@_date: 1993-05-24 08:28:42
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Another license server begs for cryptanalysis 
I love these servers where "a short encrypted string" can enable access
to all sorts of things...

@_date: 1993-05-25 08:46:32
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Steganography and Steganalysis 
Someone is probably doing steganography in netnews and/or mailing
lists right now!  (Besides cypherpunks, I mean.)  How would we find them?
Someone with a news feed and some CPU time and hacking time on their
hands could come up with some analysis tools that scan news or email
articles, looking for unusual patterns.  You can debug them on
something with a small flow, then gradually speed and smarten them up
to be able to run across the whole netnews flow (at multiple sites).
If nothing else, such a package would provide a way to winnow signal
from noise on Usenet, by tweaking the parameters until they kicked out a
reasonable number of messages per day.  E.g. "give me the ten messages
from rec.books that use the most varied vocabulary", or "locate C source
code with lots of comments for my friend who's learning C".
And, if some of us work on ways to hide information in the flow, and
others work on ways to locate and extract it, the two efforts will
complement each other.  Think of it as "quality assurance" or
"testing" for the information-hiding effort.  We certainly won't be
the only people looking!  So let's see what NSA, KGB, etc are finding...
Bill Tuthill's "hum" (humanities department support) package from
comp.sources may give you some ideas.  It's not 100% useful for this,
but it's there:
    A new package of programs for literary and linguistic computing is
    available, emphasizing the preparation of concordances and supporting
    documents.  Both keyword in context and keyword and line generators
    are provided, as well as exclusion routines, a reverse concordance
    module, formatting programs, a dictionary maker, and lemmatization
    facilities.  There are also word, character, and digraph frequency
    counting programs, word length tabulation routines, a cross reference
    generator, and other related utilities.  The programs are written in
    the C programming language, and implemented on several Version 7 Unix
    systems at Berkeley.
hum/Part01: v10i27:  Bull Tuthill's "hum" text concordance package, Part01/03
hum/Part02: v10i28:  Bull Tuthill's "hum" text concordance package, Part02/03
hum/Part03: v10i29:  Bull Tuthill's "hum" text concordance package, Part03/03
hum.pch:    v11i065:  Hum concordance package update kit
in ftp.uu.net:/usenet/comp.sources.unix/volume10 and volume11.
John Gilmore                gnu at toad.com  --  gnu at cygnus.com  --  gnu at eff.org
Creating freedom, rather than longer chains, bigger cages, better meals, . . .

@_date: 1993-05-25 15:27:33
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Steganography and Steganalysis 
My favorite scheme was to encode messages in trailing spaces and/or tabs
in netnews messages.  You could also put internal tabs in place of spaces.
In fact, you could do this with news messages that flow "through" your site, (if the messages aren't protected with a crypto checksum), so that
you would not be the message's sender (and it wouldn't be addressed to anyone
either -- recipients get very good privacy).
This would be one way for a Unix "worm" program to report back to its
master...and/or receive instructions.
PS:  You could put short interesting stuff just in your message-ID's!
Not to mention the low order bits of timestamps (exactly *what* second
did it arrive, now?).

@_date: 1993-05-30 17:32:36
@_author: Thomas W. Strong, Jr. 
@_subject: An editorial comment from comp.risks 
In an article about the absurdity of ITAR legislation, Peter Neuman (the
moderator) added this comment at the bottom.
Does anyone here have any more information about this?  Particularly
whether or not it can be backed up?   -----------------------------------------------------------------
  Tom Strong              N3NBB              ts49+ at andrew.cmu.edu

@_date: 1993-11-01 14:14:51
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Anonymous vs false IDs 
Perhaps it would be better to set up a remailer where people could
create a pseudonymous accounts on it.  If the remailer didn't have an
obvious "anon" name, most people probably wouldn't realize that it was a
remailer, and might think that it was a real site with real users.

@_date: 1993-11-02 16:42:17
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Some possible projects/topics for CypherPunks 
: > 1. HARDWARE:  What about building our own machines?  This is the Vinge-ian
: >    crypto-anarchy theme ultimately.  We should be able to produce our own
: >    technology,  and not depend on the merchantile/government-mandated
: >    economic system/monopolies.
: > : >    I see this as being very important to the oceania/autopia/technomad
: >    ideas and projects of creating ocean-going free societies.
I agree.  Altho we'd probably want to build our own boards, we'd have to
rely on commercially availiable integrated circuits and other
components.  The components we'd need are fairly easy to obtain, and I
don't see any reason to believe that we will have difficulty obtaining
computer components to build a secret network in the future.  Oceania
will probably become a major source of electronic privacy technologies,
but that's still several years in the future.
: >    Or is anyone interested in starting a parallel list of sorts for the
: >    hardware-punks?  'ware-punks?  :-)  or perhaps an even better name
Yes.  Who can host the mailing list?

@_date: 1993-11-02 17:22:16
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: anonymous remailing/posting software 
Ah, yes.  Once again, it's time to upgrade the APS software here at khijol.
For those who don't know, I run an anonymous posting site which posts to only
a select set of newsgroups (to prevent abuse).  Now that the machine is
sitting on the Internet, it's time to revamp the software, and I have thought
that it might be easier to hack someone else's than to redo my own (which
was one of those all-day hack sessions).
Double blind remailing and unique ID services are essential,  with the 'nice
to have' services like automatic pinging of posts, checksum verifications of
posts, automatic encryption/decryption of posts, etc. would be ideal.
Any ideas on where I could obtain such software?  Shell scripts are OK, C
is better.  Perl is not desirable unless I really have to. :(

@_date: 1993-11-04 10:12:24
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: ANON: random remailing... 
Exacltly how do you fake mail with telnet or use a newsgroup for one-way
anonymous email?  Care to elaborate?

@_date: 1993-11-04 13:27:38
@_author: David Reeve Sward 
@_subject: Jim McBride 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 4-Nov-93 Jim McBride by
Anonymous at bsu-cs.bsu.edu Whoops :)

@_date: 1993-11-06 07:57:58
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: unsub 
When sending mail to cypherpunks-request, Eric has to read them and
alter the subscription requests himself, and sometimes he gets a few
days behind.  A little patience will save you from having to announce
your intent to depart to the entire list.  Thank you.

@_date: 1993-11-06 19:18:05
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: (fwd) ViaCrypt PGP ships today 
I don't see how this would be of much help tho.  Putting a weakness in
the secret key password wouldn't help them much since they don't have
your secret key.  Furthermore, they couldn't easily change it without
making it incompatible with previous keys.  If I wanted to subtly weaken
PGP, I'd do it by weakening the randomness of the IDEA cipher key,
making it significantly easier to guess, by choosing a "random" key
based on something known, such as the legnth of the message or the date
it was encrypted, which would provide seemingly random encryption, but
actually make it easy to break if you knew the pattern.  I'm not saying
that anyone did that, but that's where I would start if I wanted to
sabotage it...

@_date: 1993-11-08 12:23:03
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Tapping modem transmissions 
It's not too technically difficult to tap modem connections at low
speed, I played around with it a few years back, and I was able to add a
third modem onto a 300 or 1200 baud connection and view what was being
transmitted.  Using the modem as a dumb interpreter of the signal works
well to analyze the raw data being transmitted at low speeds, but when
you use v.42 and LAPM, things get a bit more complicated.  You need
special hardware/software to interpret and decode the compressed &
checksummed data packets.

@_date: 1993-11-08 15:33:26
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Modem taps/Caller ID 
Philippe Nave"  asked:
Supra offers CallerID as an option on their high speed modems.

@_date: 1993-11-08 15:33:45
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: ID of anonymous posters via word analysis? 
Just reading this list I'm sure it would be fairly clear that word
analysis could be used to identify posters.  Reread a few posts on the
cypherpunks list.  Note who spells out "government" and who abbreviates
to "gov't".  Some people consistently use one or the other.  Count who
uses "though" and who uses "tho".  Also look at who refers to "anonymous
posters" and who talks about "nyms".  I think you will notice some
definent patterns.  Other possible word favoritisms:
DigiCash/digital cash
Internet/"the net"
Just looking at the above list I'm sure some of you will realize how
much you favor using certain terms, others probably without noticing it.
 Sorting by subject is possible too.  Notice that there is only a
certain group of users who consistently discuss DCnets.  Another group
consistently mentions the IRS, and taxes.  A different group typically
discusses anonymnity and anonymous postings.  Others tend to avoid
certain topics.  Think about your own postings and realize what topics
interest you most.  I don't think it would be too hard to establish a "text fingerprint" of
people based on what words they use.  Maybe when I have some time I'll
write a program to do it and see how many different patterns/styles I
can identify.
P.S. Also note the variations in text markings to express emphasis. Note who CAPITALIZES, *stars* _underscores_ or Capitalizes The First

@_date: 1993-11-08 18:08:28
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Taxes 
If you're in favor of reducing or eliminating taxes, you might want to
bring up the subject on libernet-d (libernet-d-request at dartmouth.edu),
otherwise take it to one of the alt.politics groups.

@_date: 1993-11-09 09:28:39
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
An anonymous poster said:
Most likely the DTE will be doing the encryption/decryption.  Who would
buy an expensive hardware encryption device when you can write terminal
software to do it?
Yeah, tapping 1200 and 2400 bps modems is prety easy to do.  Actually
you probably wouldn't even need to build filters or anything, just
record the signal and connect it to a stock 2400 modem, then set the
modem to originate or answer.  The modem already has filters to decode
the data, of course.  You have to do it twice if you want to get both
sides of the transmission tho.

@_date: 1993-11-09 09:38:39
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: ID of anonymous posters via word analysis? 
You can use electronic equipment to disguise your voice on the phone
too, it's just not particularily easy or convienient to do.  Nobody's
saying that this would be convicting evidence, it's like testifying that
you recognized the voice of a caller on the phone.  (Altho electronic
analysis of anonymous callers voices have been used as evidence in

@_date: 1993-11-09 12:53:13
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Cyphergurus: Advice needed 
Will Kinney  asked for advice on the following:
So what you're saying is that you don't want to encrypt the header
because it has a known format which would allow a cracker to surmize
certain info about the plaintext which would facilitate decryption, but
you don't want to leave the header in plaintext because it would convey
information about the file format which would facilitate breaking the
Solution: Perform a one-way hash of the data file and use the result of
the hash to encrypt the header.  Then encrypt the file.  This means that
the file would have to be decrypted before the header could be decoded. Breaking the code would therefore be more difficult because the file
format would not be known.
By the way, what encryption algorythm are you using?

@_date: 1993-11-09 13:18:40
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Are we gatewayed to Usenet? 
Well, I read the list here as a local newsgroup on cmu.edu, it's not
uncommon at some sites to do this, as it cuts down on incoming mail.  If
it becomes a problem, we could restrict posting access to "registered"
users, as is done on extropians, but I think it might be a bit premature
or possibly counterproductive to take such a step on this list.  I
prefer reading it a local newsfeed, since there is no digest version
availiable, and because it allows me to keep my personal mail seperate
from the list.  I would reccommend that if certain sites become a
problem by attracting flamers, communists, liberals, or government
authoritarian types, that we could remove them on a case-by-case basis.

@_date: 1993-11-09 16:43:14
@_author: Tony A Rippy 
@_subject: Usenet: 'Resistance Is Futile' 
Dear All,
    A little quote from Mr. Nave: "Let us hope that our coffee shop is
not overrun by screaming children..."     Excuse me if I get a tad bit offended by this. I am a computer
science student at Carnegie-Mellon University and I read several
internet b-boards. Most of the time I don't enter in arguments, or
"petty bickering" as it has been called. I just like to read other
people's ideas and see what's going on. I can see you guys getting
frustrated with thousands of repetative messages and postings, but do
you want to sanction of the rest of the world? I always thought (correct
me if I'm wrong) that you guys advocated the open exchange of
information and ideas via computer. Now you guys want to discuss the
advantages of free computer forums while excluding anyone else from your
little discussion? Sounds slightly hypocritical.                                     A Screaming Child,
                                                Tony Rippy
                                                tr2n+ at andrew.cmu.edu

@_date: 1993-11-09 23:27:32
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the Amusements of Cypherpunks 
Mr. Hughes, I was myself subject to `rude and unwelcome and annoying
behavior' -- a mini mail bomb, which I attempted to shame the sender
into refraining from in reporting it to the mailing list as a whole.
You explicitly condone such atrocious behavior in your outrageous
response to myself and my postmaster.

@_date: 1993-11-10 20:53:33
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the Amusements of Cypherpunks 
apparently you are so clueless as to never have heard of a kill file.
or are too insane to implement one yourself if your software doesn't have one.
please, join the rest of society. don't be such an incredible jerk. it
wouldn't be so bad if you just left me alone, but the whole point of
your venemous rudeness is that you ASSAULT PEOPLE.
I really do feel sorry for you.

@_date: 1993-11-10 20:54:48
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: P. Metzger 
Assuming you are not P. Metzger, please help him to understand how to
implement a kill file rather than assaulting me with mailbombs.
[insert minimailbomb here]

@_date: 1993-11-12 13:53:44
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Bandwidth limitations 
Um, minor correction: There are four base pair combinations, and each
can be represented by two bits.
Frankly, if I had the kind of technology to easily sequence my entire
geneome, I doubt I'd be content to just look at it.  I'd probably be
saying, "Hmm.. I don't like that gene, it might give me heart desease,
I'll just use a modified retrovirus to substitute a better one..." :)
Maybe one day genetic identification tests won't be so accurate as they
are today.

@_date: 1993-11-12 16:19:42
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Fractal cryptography 
Yeah, but how much data?  Just because something can be solved given
enough data doesn't help me break it if I need 10^37643254 bytes of data
to do it.
Well, here's a little test.  The following numbers were generated using
a chaotic function:
Do you see a pattern?  What function did I use to generate it?  :)
(Actually, assuming you knew what function I used, you could probably
solve for the key if you had enuf raw output from the PRNG, so it's
probably not completely impossible to solve the above, but that wouldn't
necessarily help you decrypt a file which had been encoded with such a
pad, unless you knew a lot about the format of the file.)

@_date: 1993-11-12 18:39:42
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Fractal cryptography 
This is true.  If you were specifically referring to the example I
posted, it could probably be broken from the data presented if you
really put your mind to it.  However it is a fairly clever PRNG, and it
takes quite a bit of data to get the exact pattern.
It might not be feasible to create a cryptosystem using fractals and
chaos functions, but I think the possibility could be explored a bit

@_date: 1993-11-13 08:49:51
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Telecom deregulation 
Please tell me you're not that stupid.  The local companies haven't been
deregulated.  Only the long distance has been somewhat deregulated,
while the local companies still enjoy a monopoly.  Think about

@_date: 1993-11-13 08:54:51
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: fractal crypto 
hehe...  I did something involving the trigonometric tangent function.
The actual "key" isn't too complex actually...

@_date: 1993-11-15 00:50:52
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Great quote from public NIST comments on Clipper 
EFF has made available the full file of public comments that were
submitted to NIST through the "cryptnow at eff.org" service.  I found this
great quote in there:
  However, if this standard is adopted, we at least have the opportunity to
  reduce our dependence on imported oil substantially. All we need do is
  hook up generators to the bones of the authors of the Constitution and
  the Bill of Rights. I estimate their rotational speed at 2000 RPM now and
  rising rapidly.
  Sincerely yours,
  Richard B. Mott
  Ringoes, New Jersey
The comments are in ftp.eff.org:/pub/crypto/EES_FIPS_Comments.txt .
John Gilmore                gnu at toad.com  --  gnu at cygnus.com  --  gnu at eff.org
  ``This committee has not tried to determine whether the National Security
  Agency tendency to advance exaggerated claims of authority ... stems from
  conscious policy or the actions of individual NSA employees.''
The Government's Classification of Private Ideas, House Report 96-1540, p. 67

@_date: 1993-11-16 16:00:56
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
The one and only thing we need from the government is one that you
forgot to mention.  All we need the government to do is to allow all
interested parties equal access to the utility easements that the
gummint has already set up.  (Make the gov't follow the constitutional
requirement of equal protections under the law.)  This will allow free
market competition of ALL communications services (well, I guess you
sort of said that in (a) and (e).)  b) is irrelevent (or could be)
because of free broadcast media.  In d), what kind of regulations do you
want?  And c), I don't see the distinction between "data", and
telco...the government should recognize it as all the same, right?  Kind
of sounds like that crazy "modem tax" the FCC tried a few years ago.
Oh, and of course, let the rich pay for it. :)

@_date: 1993-11-16 16:40:58
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: souls and Multiple Personality Disorder 
Haha...  but seriously, I know someone who ran a BBS, and his wife had
Multiple Personalities Disorder.  She has 5 or 6 different accounts on
the system for each of her different personalities.  It was pretty funny
to watch the different persoalities talk on the bulletin boards...most
people did not know who those accounts actually belonged to.
Yeah and I'm a trill currently possessing this body like Dax on DS9 hahaha...
But since you brought up what you call "legitimate" personalities, let
me pose this philosophical question to you: Suppose a human is born
healthy, but with no cerebral functions, ie braindead.  Suppose I am an
old man who is dying, but neurology has advanced to a point where I
could transfer myself to inhabit that body, and live normally
thereafter.  Would that be a legitimate soul?  If true names are linked
to biological entities, what is my true name?  How do you define a true
name?  It's not a trivial question because there are a lot of extropians
who would do that if they had the chance...

@_date: 1993-11-17 15:04:29
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: BAN Detweiler(WHAT A LOON) 
I think it's time we started ignoring Detweiler's shit, stopped
discussing Detweiler, stopped flaming Detweiler, and discussed more
important issues, you know, like cryptography or something. :).

@_date: 1993-11-17 17:24:29
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: WORK: San Francisco Bay Area contract working with crypto 
Just passing this on in case any one is interested.
  Technipower (a contract broker)
        2727 Walsh Avenue, Suite         Santa Clara, California 95051
        +1 408 748 0444
        Scott Whittman
        JobOrder         Requirments:
          BSMS in CS with 5+ years experance software development in
        Un*x and MSDOS using C. Excellent verbal and written skills a
        must.  U.S.A. Citizenship Required
        Duites:
          Responsible for the design and developemt of PC and Un*x
        software for interacting with a new cryptographic micro
        controler.
          Applicatoin involves bio-metric user authentication and
        digital signatures using public key cryptography and async.
        communications.
          Leave name, job order  and your rate per hour and your
        phone number.

@_date: 1993-11-17 21:44:29
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Encryption: A Testimonial 
Actually, you could fool a lot of people by creating a hidden disk
partition.  Nobody would know there was anything hidden unless they did
a detailed sector-scan of the disk.  Is there any good software for
doing this with modern operating systems?
It used to be real easy to do stuff like that in the old days when OS
were simple and hackable.  Once someone showed me a trick on an old,
old, Apple DOS; you could change one byte in RAM, and viola, a totally
new directory appeared on the disk!  Pretty cute trick.  Too bad things
ain't that simple anymore. :)

@_date: 1993-11-18 10:06:32
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: List of one-shot passwords 
You can use a sequential PRNG to do this, and then add a scrambling
system to the output (to confuse anyone trying to break the pattern).  I
once wrote a program to do this (just for experimentation, and not in

@_date: 1993-11-20 10:42:09
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: "True Identities" 
I find it particularily interesting that on the internet (in contrast to
almost every other net in existance), people have this strange fettish
for worrying about anonymnity and "true names".  My question is why? People on other nets never give the using of a handle or nym a second
thought.  (By other nets I mean Fidonet, WWIVnet, TEAMnet, C-Link,
Oggnet, fvnet etc)  A name is just a way of identifying a paritcular
person.  I don't see why people are so opposed to the use of nyms like
Wonderer or Black Unicorn because those don't fit your image of what a
name should be.  These names identify the senders in a manner that is
adequate to the discussion on Cypherpunks.  Would it be any better if
these people used names like Mike or John or something?  Would it really
make any relevant difference to the discussion on cypherpunks?

@_date: 1993-11-22 15:02:42
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Zen Master 
Um, not necessarily.  It varies depending on the case.  Some people with
MPD can have very similiar personalities, and others vary widely.  In
other cases, a person can have many seperate personalities which are
fairly similar, and a few radically different ones.

@_date: 1993-11-23 04:17:50
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EE Times Nov 22, p1: "US weighs Clipper chip alternatives" 
The story, by George Leopold, has some obvious errors [like the "fait
accompli"], but may have nuggets of new info.  I expecially like the
paragraph about the purpose of the encryption review.  It's half right:
the half about its purpose being to shove Clipper down our throats.  But
if they wanted to bring Congress and industry into the review process,
they should've run it declassified and in open meetings.
"The Clinton administration is readying a new encryption policy that
could help defuse industry opposition to introduction of the
government developed Clipper chip by embracing commercial technologies
as alternatives for network security, according to government and
industry sources.
"A National Security Council panel led by George Tenet [sic], special
presidential assistant for intelligence programs, is completing a
broad review of government encryption policy with an eye toward
employing the Clipper chip, as well as commercial alternatives, to
ensure privacy and security on public networks.  Those would include
the proposed electronic superhighway, or National Information
"Tenet could not be reached for comment on the review's status, but a
U.S. official said last week the results of the seven-month National
Security Council policy review will be announced soon.
"The Clipper chip, backed by the National Security Agency and proposed
by the Clinton administration in April as a new data-encryption
standard, is widely viewed by industry critics as a fait accompli,
since the spy agency wants to use it to protect intelligence data.
"Asked in an interview last Monday whether the policy review would
result in modification of the Clipper chip proposal, Michael Nelson,
special assistant for information technology in the White House Office
of Science and Technology Policy, acknowledged the need to consider
other encryption technologies for network security, including software
solutions.  He also said the government should have sought greater
industry participation before proposing the Clipper chip.
"Industry opposition to the Clipper resurfaced at a recent
government-industry technology summit in San Francisco (see Nov 8,
page 1).  During a panel on the NII, Nelson told angry company
executives that the Clinton administration would not impose Clipper on
industry or rule out alternative encryption technologies.
"``Clipper is not a silver bullet, it's not even a brass bullet,''
Nelson said.  ``It's only one approach.''
"He added, ``If we don't address these [network security] issues,
people won't use the NII.''
"Nelson said last week the National Security Council review was
designed to bring industry and Congress into the process of looking
for commercial solutions, besides Clipper, to the network-security
issue.  Industry groups said last week they have contributed to the
review, which began shortly after Clipper was proposed.  The review is
expected to result in a decision on how to implement Clipper.
"A decision on how to proceed with the Clipper proposal was scheduled
for Sept 1 but was delayed in response to a recommendation from a
private-sector advisory group to the Commerce Dpeartment."
"Acknowledging industry's concerns, the initiative also includes
creation of a key-escrow system to ensure the Clipper chip would be
used to protect privacy." ...
...  "Two key-escrow data banks would be overseen by a pair of
independent agencies designated by the Justice Department and the
White House.  A decision on which agencies will oversee the databases
has not been made, Commerce spokeswoman Anne Enright Shepherd said
last Wednesday."
"Clipper ``was forced upon [the Clinton administration] before they
had a chance to evaluate its impact,'' Bruce Heiman, a Washington
attorney representing the Business Software Alliance, said last
Tuesday.  ``NSA sold them a bill of goods.''
"The policy review means ``they realize that Clipper has problems...
but they don't want to rule it out entirely,'' Heiman said, adding
that industry would accept Clipper as one alternative to network
security only if it is part of a truly voluntary program that includes
public-key encryption."
John Gilmore                gnu at toad.com  --  gnu at cygnus.com  --  gnu at eff.org
  ``This committee has not tried to determine whether the National Security
  Agency tendency to advance exaggerated claims of authority ... stems from
  conscious policy or the actions of individual NSA employees.''
The Government's Classification of Private Ideas, House Report 96-1540, p. 67

@_date: 1993-11-23 11:03:00
@_author: The 
@_subject: NSA 
Hey all,
I just wanted to let you know (as an ex-SEAL), the NSA (and to a limited
extent CIA) have UNBELIEVEABLE resources!
If anyone could crack RSA, DES, OPP...they could.
Never underestimate the power of a "black" budget (or for that matter soup)
The PUNISHER
Judge; Jury; Executioner....All in a day's work
Mob Boss: "500 of my men killed; there is a limit to revenge you know"
Punisher: "I haven't reached mine yet"

@_date: 1993-11-29 11:47:18
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Telnet specs. 
Jeremy Smith  asked:
The standard telnet port should be 23.

@_date: 1993-11-29 13:12:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: FOIA:  Released Records 
November 22, 1993
Chief, Office of Policy
National Security Agency/Central Security Service
Fort George Meade, MD  20755-6000
Reference:  RELEASED RECORDS
Dear Sir or Madam:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act [5 U.S.C.  552(a)] on behalf of my client, Mr. John Gilmore.  I write to request a copy of all agency records or portions thereof, in electronic or other form, which NSA has declassified during the months of September and October 1993.  This request specifically excludes any information already provided to Mr. Gilmore in any other request.
We also remind you that the long-standing rule that the FOIA "makes no distinction between records maintained in manual and computer storage systems," Yeager v. D.E.A., 678 F.2d 315, 321 (D.C.Cir. 1982), has recently been amplified in Armstrong v. E.O.P., No 93-5002 (D.C. Cir., Aug. 13, 1993).  Any paper print-
outs of electronic records, such as e-mail, must include all information in the electronic record.  Assuming that there would be no loss of releasable information, such as written comments made on paper print-outs, we therefore ask you to release all responsive electronic records in electronic, i.e., machine-readable, form.
Mr. Gilmore would also like a list of all records responsive to this request if such a list can be provided in advance of the records themselves.  As you know, the FOIA provides that an agency must make an initial determination of whether to comply with a FOIA request within ten working days of receiving the request.  Your own regulations provide that [t]he Chief, Office of Policy, shall notify the requester of his determination within 10 working days of his receipt of the request.  [32 C.F.R.  299.4(b)].  Please do not delay processing because of uncertainty about the request.  I have reasonably described the records sought.  If you have any questions regarding this request, please telephone me at the above number, and we can discuss your questions.  I also request that fees be waived because Mr. Gilmore is deemed a media requester by your agency for FOIA purposes.   Should there be any problem in this regard, Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in fees, and you should therefore begin processing of this request without fee-related delays.  As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within ten (10) working days.  Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: 1993-11-29 13:12:13
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: FOIA: Cellular Encryption 
November 23, 1993
Chief, Office of Policy
National Security Agency/Central Security Service
Fort George Meade, MD  20755-6000
ATTN:  FOIA request
Reference:  CELLULAR ENCRYPTION
Dear Sir or Madam:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act [5 U.S.C.  552(a)] on behalf of my client, Mr. John Gilmore.  I write to request a copy of all agency records or portions thereof, in electronic or other form, which pertain, relate, or refer to encryption for cellular telephone communications.  This request includes, but is not limited to records about:  a standard known as the Cellular Message Encryption Algorithm ("CMEA"); NSA's involvement in the development of CMEA; NSA's assessment of the strengths, weaknesses, and technical features of CMEA; standards or technologies other than CMEA considered for cellular telephone communications encryption contacts, conversations, meetings or communications of any sort involving NSA employees and persons not employed by NSA regarding cellular telephone communications encryption.  Mr. Gilmore is informed and believes that NSA employees have been involved in meetings with persons not employed by NSA, including persons outside of the U.S. government, about the CMEA standard, and he specifically asks that you disclose all agency records of any or all such meetings.
As you know, the FOIA provides that an agency must make an initial determination of whether to comply with a FOIA request within ten working days of receiving the request.  Your own regulations provide that [t]he Chief, Office of Policy, shall notify the requester of his determination within 10 working days of his receipt of the request.  [32 C.F.R.  299.4(b)].  If the records that you possess were originated or classified by another organization, I ask that your organization declassify them (if needed) and release them to me, as provided in the FOIA, within the statutory time limits.  If there is a conflict between the statutory time limits and some regulation or policy that requires you refer the records, the statutory requirement takes precedence over any Executive-branch regulation, policy or practice.  As you know, the FOIA provides that no more than an additional 10 working days be taken for such consultation.  5 U.S.C.  552(a)(6)(B).  If you do refer documents to any other agency, and they are not provided within the time limits, we intend to litigate on this point.
We also remind you that the long-standing rule that the FOIA "makes no distinction between records maintained in manual and computer storage systems," Yeager v. D.E.A., 678 F.2d 315, 321 (D.C.Cir. 1982), has recently been amplified in Armstrong v. E.O.P., No 93-5002 (D.C. Cir., Aug. 13, 1993).  Any paper print-
outs of electronic records, such as e-mail, must include all information in the electronic record.  Assuming that there would be no loss of releasable information, such as written comments made on paper print-outs, we therefore ask you to release all responsive electronic records in electronic, i.e., machine-readable, form.
As you know, the FOIA provides that even if some requested material is properly exempted from mandatory disclosure, all segregable portions must be released.  [5 U.S.C.  552(b)]  If any or all material covered by this request is withheld, please inform me of the specific exemptions that are being claimed, and mark all deletions to indicate the exemption(s) being claimed to authorize each individual withholding.  If the (b)(3) exemption is claimed, please indicate the relevant withholding statute(s).
In addition, I ask that your agency exercise its discretion to release information that may be technically exempt.  As you know, the Attorney General on October 4, 1993, directed that agencies should administer the FOIA under a presumption of disclosure, and that information which need not be withheld should not be.
Please do not delay processing because of uncertainty about the request.  I have reasonably described the records sought.  If you have any questions regarding this request, please telephone me at the above number, and we can discuss your questions.  I also request that fees be waived because Mr. Gilmore is deemed a media requester by your agency for FOIA purposes.   Should there be any problem in this regard, Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in fees, and you should therefore begin processing of this request without fee-related delays.  As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within ten (10) working days.  Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: 1993-11-29 13:12:26
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: FOIA:  Sensor fusion 
November 22, 1993
Chief, Office of Policy
National Security Agency/Central Security Service
Fort George Meade, MD  20755-6000
Reference:  SENSOR FUSION
Dear Sir or Madam:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act [5 U.S.C.  552(a)] on behalf of my client, Mr. John Gilmore.  I write to request a copy of all agency records or portions thereof, in electronic or other form, which pertain, relate, or refer to sensor fusion.  "Sensor fusion" is the activity or process of "fusing" or merging information from a variety of different sensors to produce a more informative product.  For instance, merging radar data with intercepted radio transmissions and adding in satellite pictures may reveal a concentration of metal (from radar data) that coincides with a site that is transmitting communications.  This request includes, but is not limited to:  electronic records such as software for performing sensor fusion; all documentation for such software; documentation about equipment used for sensor fusion; and records about agency use of sensor fusion.  If the requested records are not in the possession of your agency, or if other agencies may also possess such records, I ask that you forward this request to any agency that you believe may have records responsive to this request, and inform me of such action.  Such agencies may include the NRO and the CIA.  In the alternative, I ask that you inform me of other agencies that you believe possess and control such records.  As you know, the FOIA provides that an agency must make an initial determination of whether to comply with a FOIA request within ten working days of receiving the request.  Your own regulations provide that [t]he Chief, Office of Policy, shall notify the requester of his determination within 10 working days of his receipt of the request.  [32 C.F.R.  299.4(b)].  If the records that you possess were originated or classified by another organization, I ask that your organization declassify them (if needed) and release them to me, as provided in the FOIA, within the statutory time limits.  If there is a conflict between the statutory time limits and some regulation or policy that requires you refer the records, the statutory requirement takes precedence over any Executive-branch regulation, policy or practice.  As you know, the FOIA provides that no more than an additional 10 working days be taken for such consultation.  5 U.S.C.  552(a)(6)(B).  If you do refer documents to any other agency, and they are not provided within the time limits, we intend to litigate on this point.
We also remind you that the long-standing rule that the FOIA "makes no distinction between records maintained in manual and computer storage systems," Yeager v. D.E.A., 678 F.2d 315, 321 (D.C.Cir. 1982), has recently been amplified in Armstrong v. E.O.P., No 93-5002 (D.C. Cir., Aug. 13, 1993).  Any paper print-
outs of electronic records, such as e-mail, must include all information in the electronic record.  Assuming that there would be no loss of releasable information, such as written comments made on paper print-outs, we therefore ask you to release all responsive electronic records in electronic, i.e., machine-readable, form.
As you know, the FOIA provides that even if some requested material is properly exempted from mandatory disclosure, all segregable portions must be released.  [5 U.S.C.  552(b)]  If any or all material covered by this request is withheld, please inform me of the specific exemptions that are being claimed, and mark all deletions to indicate the exemption(s) being claimed to authorize each individual withholding.  If the (b)(3) exemption is claimed, please indicate the relevant withholding statute(s).
In addition, I ask that your agency exercise its discretion to release information that may be technically exempt.  As you know, the Attorney General on October 4, 1993, directed that agencies should administer the FOIA under a presumption of disclosure, and that information which need not be withheld should not be.
Please do not delay processing because of uncertainty about the request.  I have reasonably described the records sought.  If you have any questions regarding this request, please telephone me at the above number, and we can discuss your questions.  I also request that fees be waived because Mr. Gilmore is deemed a media requester by your agency for FOIA purposes.   Should there be any problem in this regard, Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in fees, and you should therefore begin processing of this request without fee-related delays.  As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within ten (10) working days.  Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore
rom owner-cypherpunks  Mon Nov 29 13:27:25 1993
Received: by toad.com id AA14244; Mon, 29 Nov 93 13:12:26 PST
Received: by toad.com id AA14124; Mon, 29 Nov 93 13:09:31 PST
Return-Path: Received: from localhost by toad.com id AA14120; Mon, 29 Nov 93 13:09:28 PST
November 23, 1993
Chief, Office of Policy
National Security Agency/Central Security Service
Fort George Meade, MD  20755-6000
ATTN:  FOIA request
Reference:  PUBLIC DOMAIN CLASSIFIED RECORDS
Dear Sir or Madam:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act [5 U.S.C.  552(a)] on behalf of my client, Mr. John Gilmore.  I write to request a copy of all agency records or portions thereof, in electronic or other form, which pertain, relate, or refer to documents which are formally designated as "classified" by the U.S. Government but which are known by NSA officials to be outside direct government control, in the possession of persons not presently employed by the U.S. government, available to the public in libraries, or otherwise in the public domain, whether within or outside the United States.  This request also includes all agency records which were previously classified but are no longer classified or had their classification level downgraded if the fact that the records were outside direct government control, in the possession of persons not presently employed by the U.S. government, available to the public in libraries, or otherwise in the public domain, whether within or outside the United States, was a factor in declassification or downgrading.  To help you understand the nature of this request, I refer you to Mr. Gilmore's earlier request for Military Cryptanalysis by William Friedman and Military Cryptanalytics by Friedman and Lambros Callimahos.  As you know, your agency initially denied Mr. Gilmore's request for Parts III and IV of the Friedman treatise on the ground that they were classified, but later released these records after Mr. Gilmore proved that Parts III and IV were available to the general public.  Mr. Michael Smith, Chief, Office of Policy, informed the court and Mr. Gilmore that NSA officials had known for many years that these records had entered the public domain, but that he himself was unaware of this fact, and thus chose not to disclose them at the time of Mr. Gilmore's request.  This request is intended to reach any other such records (still classified) and any records for which downgrading or declassification was ordered if the presence of the records outside direct government control was relevant to the downgrading or declassification determination.  Although Mr. Gilmore does not by this request seek the already-released portions of Military Cryptanalysis by William Friedman and Military Cryptanalytics by Friedman and Lambros Callimahos, he does by this request seek any records that pertain to whether the unreleased portions of Part III of Military Cryptanalytics by Friedman and Lambros Callimahos are known by NSA officials to be outside direct government control, in the possession of persons not presently employed by the U.S. government, available to the public in libraries, or otherwise in the public domain, whether within or outside the United States. This request is also intended to trigger declassification review of all records responsive to this request.
Mr. Gilmore would also like a list of all records responsive to this request if such a list can be provided in advance of the records themselves.  As you know, the FOIA provides that an agency must make an initial determination of whether to comply with a FOIA request within ten working days of receiving the request.  Your own regulations provide that [t]he Chief, Office of Policy, shall notify the requester of his determination within 10 working days of his receipt of the request.  [32 C.F.R.  299.4(b)].  If the records that you possess were originated or classified by another organization, I ask that your organization declassify its.  If there is a conflict between the statutory time limits and some regulation or policy that requires you refer the records, the statutory requirement takes precedence over any Executive-branch regulation, policy or practice.  As you know, the FOIA provides that no more than an additional 10 working days be taken for such consultation.  5 U.S.C.  552(a)(6)(B).  If you do refer documents to any other agency, and they are not provided within the time limits, we intend to litigate on this point.
We also remind you that the long-standing rule that the FOIA "makes no distinction between records maintained in manual and computer storage systems," Yeager v. D.E.A., 678 F.2d 315, 321 (D.C.Cir. 1982), has recently been amplified in Armstrong v. E.O.P., No 93-5002 (D.C. Cir., Aug. 13, 1993).  Any paper print-
outs of electronic records, such as e-mail, must include all information in the electronic record.  Assuming that there would be no loss of releasable information, such as written comments made on paper print-outs, we therefore ask you to release all responsive electronic records in electronic, i.e., machine-readable, form.
As you know, the FOIA provides that even if some requested material is properly exempted from mandatory disclosure, all segregable portions must be released.  [5 U.S.C.  552(b)]  If any or all material covered by this request is withheld, please inform me of the specific exemptions that are being claimed, and mark all deletions to indicate the exemption(s) being claimed to authorize each individual withholding.  If the (b)(3) exemption is claimed, please indicate the relevant withholding statute(s).
In addition, I ask that your agency exercise its discretion to release information that may be technically exempt.  As you know, the Attorney General on October 4, 1993, directed that agencies should administer the FOIA under a presumption of disclosure, and that information which need not be withheld should not be.
Please do not delay processing because of uncertainty about the request.  I have reasonably described the records sought.  If you have any questions regarding this request, please telephone me at the above number, and we can discuss your questions.  I also request that fees be waived because Mr. Gilmore is deemed a media requester by your agency for FOIA purposes.   Should there be any problem in this regard, Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in fees, and you should therefore begin processing of this request without fee-related delays.  As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within ten (10) working days.  Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: 1993-11-29 20:37:17
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: really hiding encrypted data 
Not a stupid question at all.  I would suspect that altho the least
significant bits of a picture file are not very orderly, they are
probably not quite a random distribution.  I would suspect that in many
pictures, they would form curved contour lines, outlining subtle
differences in color across a picture image.  Of course, some pictures
are more random than others, so the best someone scanning data packets
could do would be to pick out "suspicious" images to analyze further.
Well, since you mentioned the f-word, I guess I'll entertain the
possibility.  A fractal would probably be one way to hide data while
producing an orderly looking picture.  Suppose you wrote a program to
calculate the Mandelbrot set (fairly common example that most people
should be familiar with; if not, ask and I will clarify the math) to 256
iterations, and plot the number of iterations required for the magnitude
of the complex number pair to exceed 2.0 as the intensity of the pixel
(or zero for points in the set).  The result is a image that many people
have seen before.  Now, suppose that you modify your fractal generator
program slightly.  For points which required more than 32 iterations,
you would not plot the exact value, but instead change it +/- 1. Because the points which require a high number of iterations are in the
naturally most chaotic part of the fractal, it would probably defeat
"scanning" attempts to look for steg-data.  In fact, the only way to
discover the message would be to actually plot the fractal and compare
it to the file you had - a time consuming process, especially if the
cracker didn't know the exact coordinate boundries of the image, and the
number of significant figures used in your calculations.  Or maybe
instead of accepting divergance at 2.0, you choose 2.1, or even 2.01? Lots of possibilities...
If defeating a gummint traffic sniffer is your objective, consider what
kind of sniffer the gummint might use.  If they were just checking for
randomness, they might apply a data compression technique to look for
patterns (since cryptodata can't be compressed).  In such a case, you
could design a compression program which would "uncompress" data - that
is, run a data compression in reverse; adding random repitition that a
data compression program would notice.  Basically, what you need to do
is to design a data (un)compression system such that every possible
input file maps exactly to some "uncompressed" text.  You then steg the
uncompressed data, and then the recipient "compresses" the data to
reveal the original ciphertext, and then decrypts.

@_date: 1993-11-30 12:32:23
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Crypto-dongle protocols? 
This is being discussed on the hardware list, you might want to forward
this topic there instead.

@_date: 1993-10-02 16:39:26
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: PGP in FIDO 
You know, I wouldn't put it past some district attorneys to try... :( :(
If you use the phone to make a drug deal, well, bye-bye Pac Bell!!!  Hehehe...

@_date: 1993-10-02 16:39:33
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: PGP in FIDO 
Could someone post the relevent parts of this?  I'd like to upload this
to several BBS's out here...

@_date: 1993-10-02 16:39:35
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: PGP in FIDO 
FYI, to be married in this way, you have to declare yourself in public as
married - introducing yourself as someone's husband or wife, for example, is
enough.  But being "common law" married, it's only "legally" - that is, if
one or both parties want to dissolve the marriage and don't want to exercise
their rights, they can just walk away from the marriage.
Texas is such a state.

@_date: 1993-10-02 19:08:50
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: PGP in FIDO 
Not at all.  I *did* look it up.  Technically, you are correct - but that
marriage is recorded by no government agency, you won't find it in any
public records - hell, if you still file 'single' on your tax return, who's
going to know?  You can just walk away - and if your spouse agrees with
you, you *can*.  I'm not talking about 'what would do in court' - I'm
talking real life.
How do I know?  I'm an ex-cop.  I worked on one of those 'common law'
marriage cases.

@_date: 1993-10-03 11:18:58
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: PGP in Fidonet 
How about that case recently posted about here?  Doesn't that count?

@_date: 1993-10-03 12:38:58
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Offline Digicash ? 
Well, one thing that could be done is to write an "electronic check". Someone would deposit money in a bank, and then pay money to other
people by writing checks, encrypting each check with with their private
key for authentication, and then with the recipient's public key to
protect against the possibility that the message might be intercepted. The recipient would then decode the first layer of encryption with his
private key (leaving the sender's key-authentication), add his account
number to the message and send it to the bank (preferrably, encoding it
with the bank's public key).  The bank would be able to verify the
authenticity of the check by means of the sender's public key, and would
then transfer the funds to the recipient's account.  Basically, this
works the same way paper checks work today, and might be a feasible
system.  This eliminates the need for both parties to talk to the bank
before making the transaction; only the recipient would need to talk to
the bank - to cash his check.  This doesn't completely solve the
traceability issue however.  Although accounts could be numbered and the
owner's identity kept "secret", it is still theoretically possible to
trace the money from one account to another.
However there is another way to do it.  The bank could simply issue
numbered "bills" in exchange for conventional cash, and this would be
done completely anonymously.  Each number would be worth a certian set
value, such as a US dollar, a gram of gold, etc.  The numbers could be
of a form such that there would be one valid number in a billion or a
trillion (or more possible) combinations, eliminating the possibility
that someone might find a valid number by random guessing.  (As a side
comment: Creating different unique numbers is not too difficult. Suppose a bank was going to issue one million bills out of a trillion
combinations.  They could number the valid bills 0-999999, leaving
numbers 1000000-999999999999 as invalid combinations.  Each number would
then be encrypted with a conventional private-key system, meaning that
the valid combinations would end up randomly distrubited thruout the
possible domain of numbers.  The bank would easily be able to tell
anyone who asked weather or not a number was valid, by using its cipher
to decode the number, but nobody else would know how to find valid
combinations because the bank would keep its cipher secret.)  When
someone wanted to spend some money, he would give the recipient the
numbers of the bills he wanted to spend.  To eliminate the possibility
of double-spending the same numbers, the recipient would then call the
bank, and give them the numbers, and the bank would flag those numbers
in its database as being spent (so they couldn't be spent again), and
issue new numbers.  Since all calls to the bank would be anonymous,
there would be effectively no way to trace the money, while security
against double spending would be maintained.

@_date: 1993-10-05 14:15:03
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: criminal gif upload 
nobody at rosebud.ee.uh.edu writes in "criminal gif upload":
ha ha.  Seriously tho, just posting a list of MS-DOS filenames is rather
useless as filenames do get changed.  It is highly likely that a sysop
or user might have changed the filenames to something else, especially
if their operating system supported filenames longer than 8 characters.

@_date: 1993-10-05 15:25:10
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Need Suggestions for Random Numbers 
My favorite is the fibbonachi (sp?) series.  You've probably seen this
before: The series begins with the first two numbers being ones, and
each number after if being the sum of the two preceeding numbers. Therefore, we have:
Taking modulo 10, we get:
Which gives a fairly random distribution of numbers from 0 to 9.  You
can take a different mod value to adjust the range of numbers produced. This will eventually repeat (in the mod 10 example example I believe it
will repeat after around 60 numbers - you'll never be able to get all
possible combinations, for example 0,0 is not possible) but the
distribution is fairly random.  Increasing the randomness, (and the
legnth before it will repeat) is easy.  For example if you make the
series the sum of the first two of the last five numbers you get (modulo
10 for simplicity):
Although this starts off slowly, the randomness picks up, and this will
generate a series which will go for thousands of digits without
repeating.  By the way, I don't reccomend adding more than two numbers
together to get the next number in the series.  If you try adding three,
four, or more numbers together, it causes the series to increase faster,
which causes it to reach the point where it repeats sooner, plus it
complicates your software and slows down the computation.
Anyway, if after extending the series, it's still not random enough, try
this: Change your program so that after it adds the first two numbers,
it looks at the third number.  If this third number is greater, less
than, or equal to some arbritrary value, add the fourth number to the
first two and then uses that as the next digit in the series.  This will
greatly increase the random effect.  This makes an excellent cipher, as
you can generate different series based on what substitutions you make
in the series.  Of course, your ideas about randomizing further by
combining random noise files is good, just be careful when using xor,
because you could end up cancelling out the beginnings of your serieses,
(since all these series begin with 1,1, xoring them would give you
zeros.)  Of course also try changing the initial conditions of the
fibbonachi series, just be sure you don't use something that will lock
the series (such as 5,5 which will produce 5,5,0,5,5,0,5,5,0...) Re-encrypting the noise file is also a good idea, multiplying each byte
by three and then doing a mod 256 works well for these purposes.
Well, I've programmed on Apple II computers for years, and there were
two very common systems used for random number generation.  Applesoft
Basic simply read bytes in the ROM and used them as random numbers. 6502 code looks pretty random when you're just looking at the numeric
opcodes and data.  The other popular thing to do was to read the video
count.  This works best when your program is interacting with a human,
because people don't always respond to prompts in exactly the same
amount of time every time, so the position the video circuitry was
scanning would be different almost every time the program was run.  This
method works best for providing a seed for a series generator like the
ones described above.  If your computer has a clock, just read the time,
and that will have the same random effect.

@_date: 1993-10-05 15:49:09
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: criminal gif upload 
I suppose my choice of words was bad, but it does happen.  You're right,
most sysops don't change the filenames.  Usually the filenames get
changed when someone is moving the image to a different computer
platform, such as an Amiga user uploading a GIF to a IBM-compatible BBS
where the OS differences would necessitate a filename change.  And of
course there are some punks who just change the filename to get more
upload credits on ratio systems.  I didn't mean to put down the EFF's
efforts to protect sysops, I was just pointing out the possibility for
potential problems.

@_date: 1993-10-05 19:20:07
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Need Suggestions for Random Numbers 
The pseudo-random number generator:
     a_n = a_n-1 + a_n-2   mod 10
is easy to break.  One could guess the pattern from only a few numbers
of the series.  My point is that that series can be used as a basis for
better PRNGs.  I suggested using something like:
     if a_n-2 < 195  then  a_n = a_n-4 + a_n-3   mod 256
     if a_n-2 > 194  then  a_n = a_n-4 + a_n-3 + a_n-1   mod 256
This is considerably less easy to break.  Even if one could surmise that
the (n-1) term was being added in sometimes and not others, you'd still
have to examine a large section of the series to figure out exactly what
method was being used to determine when the extra term was being
inserted (you'd have to see an example where a_n-2=194 and note that the
term was not included, and you'd have to see the situation a_n-2=195 and
note that it was included.  Plus, double-encryption could be used to
increase the security.
What PRNGs would you suggest using?

@_date: 1993-10-06 13:35:20
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Quantifying similar graphic images (was Re: criminal gif upload) 
Yes.  If you were to take an image and divide it into let's say about 20
sections horizontally, and 20 sections vertically, and then average the
intensities of all pixels in each of the 400 rectangles formed, you
would create a fuzzy low-resolution version of the original picture
which could be used to compare other pictures to it to determine weather
they look like the orginal by using the same averaging method, and then
comparing the block-pixel averages.  If the pictures differed by less
than +/- 5% or so for each block, the original pictures probably look
very much alike.  This method works well even if one of the images had
been converted to a different resolution, or if it's color pallete had
been changed slightly to fit a different graphic format, or if one was
converted to black & white.
Such a system would probably be very helpful to sysops to get rid of
duplicate pictures on their systems, but unfortunanently it would also
give the cops an automated system for busting people. :(

@_date: 1993-10-08 01:49:21
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: that internet security scanner 
It was, indeed.  If anyone wants a copy, they can email me.  It's 19K,
gzipped and uuencoded.

@_date: 1993-10-08 10:09:23
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: that internet security scanner 
Well, it's certainly generated *me* enough email, asking for ISS! :)  Hehehe...

@_date: 1993-10-08 15:25:47
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: distributed autonomous networks 
solar power
haha...  Well, telephone lines are not a good source of power, because
if you draw too much current, you will get caught very easily when the
customer starts having problems and complains.  I like the EMF idea tho!
 It would probably work fairly well, and would be undetectable unless
they actually went up to check it out.  In most areas, power is carried
by high voltage lines (several thousand volts) and then they have a
transformer every block or so to convert it down to 120v (or 240v or
whatever).  But those high voltage lines do produce a large magnetic
field.  If you strung wires parallel to them, you could get a pretty
sizeable amount of power out of it (enough to run a transmitter at
Heat to electricity: possible but not practical.  Thermocouples can be
expensive and don't produce too much power.  You'd need to place it by
something constantly warm, especially at night.  Solar panels with
rechargeable batteries would probably work best.  That way, the box
could be located in a tall tree or somewhere away from other obvious
power sources, or in other less conspicuous locations.
Well, for international, we might be able to pirate a few unused
frequencies on satellites, altho this might piss off some big name guys
just enuff to get the cops after us.  There's the possibility of
reflecting radio waves off the moon, but of course this would not work
all the time.
Infrared:  IR works well for short distances, and can not be intercepted
easily, but can scattered by rain and fog.  (Polarized light might help
filter noise somewhat tho.)  Furthermore, it has to be direct line of
sight, and can't be situated where something might move in the path of
the beam.  Perhaps someone living on a hill could put up a big aluminum
reflector, and people could focus beams of light onto it.
As for hiding messages in other signals, there's always the possibility
of using ultrasound on a voice frequency...(if the frequency is high
enuff to make it feasible)
Yep, I think so...  I like the idea.

@_date: 1993-10-08 16:15:59
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: distributed autonomous networks 
Well, building the transmitter wouldn't be too hard, and you could
probably transmit much larger amounts of data than over a modem if you
used high frequencies.  The most difficult thing as I see it is that
you'd have to build a small computer for each box, and program it to
route data packets, error-check them, and so on.
A Fully-Qualified-Domain-Name type of network would create
complications.  Since the network will be constantly expanding and
changing, you'd probably need relative domain names. (you'd have to
specify: send packet thru site  thru site  and deliver to site To have fully qualified domain names, you'd need to have something on
the net cataloging them.

@_date: 1993-10-09 02:15:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Safe and fun environment? 
Matthew, I think you're taking the stuff here too personally. Not all the
feedback to you has been negative--I recall congratulating you on a
nice political piece.
But you have raised issues about elitism and unwillingness to teach
newcomers that others have raised. And you ought to see some of the
abusive e-mail I get! Whew! Whenever I disagree with some of the paranoids and ranters, I am
called a traitor, a hypocrite, a lackey of Eric Hughes, a member of
the "Clique," and on and on.
Let me comment on a few of your points:
I'm sorry to hear you're getting so little new stuff here. Many of us
have spent many hour typing in (or scanning and OCRing, in my case)
papers and articles, from Chaum's "Dining Cryptographers" paper
(every bloody word of it!) to Shamir's "How to Share a Secret" to
scads of shorter articles and whatnot.
And the debate ranges from random number generators to Perl scripts
and TCL to digital money to ECPA to .... well, to about 20 major
topics, by my estimate.
This is simply not true. I have answered--when I could--the questions
of many people over the past 12 months. And I've repeatedly posted
reading lists, pointers to the Glossary at the soda site, and so on.
It is true that I sometimes am exasperated by people who have clearly
not been reading the list who ask "Can anyone tell me about digital
money?" when the topic has just been discussed!
(A FAQ would be nice. I was about to agree to do it a year ago, when
...comments on status of the FAQ elided to reduce flamage and angry
feelings.... Fortunately, there are many other newsgroups that beginners can read
ot learn crypto....Cypherpunks was not set up to compete with
sci.crypt and all the other sources.
I think this is uncalled for. I haven't seen this kind of flaming,
except in the XXXXX case, and that has its own dynamic. (And
please, Matthew, try to find a post where I have flamed XXXXX in
public...I don't believe you can easily find one.)
The mailing list cannot be run by "democratic means." Nor can
"teaching assigments" be handed out. The list is like a party at someone's home. The will of the herd is
not the will of the organizers.
Nor is the Cypherpunks agenda all that clear. I, for example, want to
see strong crypto deployed in ways very different than what others
favor. Are we to take a majority vote on an agenda, a charter?
It's better to just leave the agenda loose and unwritten, so as not to
have to grapple with this collision of goals. We can all pretend the
agenda is what we favor.
The _movement_ belongs to what gets written and what gets responded
to. In other words, if you want to be listened to, you have to get
people's attention by the quality of your arguments. You can't rail against "leaders" (an ironic choice of words you used)
like Hal Finney or Duncan Frissell just because their posts get
reaction. You can't argue that the "herd" didn't have a chance to
vote. In fact, people vote with their own posts. Market democracy.
The "leaders"? I have commented many times on issues of rancor and
flames, even recently, and for this I am accused by some of being part
of "the Clique" that "runs" Cypherpunks. Nonsense.
About 70% of the flames would subside if XXXXX would cool his jets,
and stop ranting and raving. As for "training newcomers," it's not easy. Lots of books exist, and
many of the really solid contributors (Barrus, Honeyman, Collins,
Stewart, etc.) learned their crypto in exactly this way.
Many of us wrote _very long_ articles of a tutorial nature when the
list was getting started. Newcomers who are unwilling to read some of
the technical books on crypto should not expect us to write customized
tutorials.  May I ask which "qualified personnel" you have in mind? As per the
earlier comment, not many of the crypto experts I know have any
interest in hand-holding, not when at least a dozen good books on
crypto are readily available.
How is this group you propose any different from sci.crypt,
talk.politics.crypto, the various *.privacy groups, the *.clipper
group, or the *.security groups? Seems to me sci.crypt is exactly what
you're looking for. (But don't expect hand-holding for newcomers
there, either!)
Matthew, threatening to leave is not going to have much effect. But if
you have decided to leave, good luck in all your endeavours.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-09 09:49:29
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: PHONE PRIVACY 
Well, if you have a pair of pay phones nearby, and the wires are
concealed but accessable, you could rig it to answer calls on one line
and then let the caller dial out on the other line.  Only problem is
that you have to use a calling card...unless you have a red box or rig a
COCOT. ;)

@_date: 1993-10-09 10:29:32
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Atari and VAX 
Well, you'll probably need to get the source and port it yourself, or
give it to someone who can.  If anyone has any suggestions or
well-commented source code that could be ported easily let me know as
well.  I know several people using Apple II computers who would probably
be interested.

@_date: 1993-10-10 11:39:46
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: PHONE PRIVACY: real-time billing with digital postage 
It's been tried before.  That's how calling cards worked in the mid
1980's.  The long distance company had no idea where the call was coming
from when it went into their credit card port.  It didn't take the
hackers long to figure out how to exploit the anonimnity of that system!
 Now all credit card calls are automatically traced.
I like the billing indicator on a LED on the phone tho...  It would be
easy to implement too.  Right after the call was dialed, the phone
company could send a short tone to indicate the cost per minute, which
would be interpreted by a microchip in the display.  When the receiving
party answered, a second connect tone (or even a click by change in
voltage) could signal the indicator to start counting time...  The call
would still be billed at the end of the month, but at least you could
see what your phone bill would be before you got it.

@_date: 1993-10-10 11:46:05
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: PHONE PRIVACY 
Well, the suggestion wasn't meant to be taken all too seriously; note
the smiley face. :)
(Altho I wouldn't be too surprised if someone has actually tried it -
you never know...)

@_date: 1993-10-12 17:19:08
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: EFF GIF file recall n (fwd) 
Hi Stanton.
Duncan asked:
The case to which Duncan is referring is U.S. v. X-Citement Video, Inc.,
decided last December in Pasadena, CA.  The Ninth District Court didn't
hold that the transport and sale provisions of the federal child porn
statute were unconstitutional.  What it did hold was that the statute was
unconstitutional in that it did not require knowledge by the prosecuted
individual of the age of the depicted youth.  The court was clear to
distinguish the lack of a knowledge requirement of the age of the depicted
youth (which was unconstitutional) from the lack of knowledge that the
files were sent (in this case mailed, which the court held was not really
an issue.)  My warning to sysops simply said that these files were listed
on a federal indictment, so the "lack of knowledge of the age of the
depicted people" defense remains -- I did not identify the people depicted
as being under the age of 18.  (I couldn't have done so -- I haven't seen
the files.  I was only passing on the info contained on the indictment.)
In addition, provisions of a federal statute are not officially
unconstitutional in all jurisdictions until the U.S. Supreme Court declares
them to be so.  (In other words, the court's decision is only binding on
the 9th Circuit.)
P.S. Say hi to the 'punks for me.  I really enjoyed the list, but the
volume was just prohibitive.

@_date: 1993-10-12 17:49:55
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
Someone walking around a city shooting a rifle is likely to attract a
lot more attention than a secret network would.  Secondly, the
transmitter doesn't necessarily have to be exposed, it could be kept
hidden and only the antenna would need to be exposed.  You'd have to be
a damn good shot to hit a wire antenna.  Plus the antenna would be easy
to disguise or hide in many places.
Well, you may know that you can reach a certain person thru site and that stie  can be reached thru site 35 or site 68, and so
on...which gives you a sort of virtual-space map, which would reveal
nothing about actual phyical location of the sites or the person you are
contacting.  Suppose you were connected to site  and you were
communicating with site  thru site   Site  could be 50 meters
away, or 2 km, and you would never know the difference because you
didn't have any way to directly contact site   Hence we have achieved
our objective - you know how to contact site  in netspace - it has a
cybernetic location relative to other sites, but that tells you nothing
about it's actual physical location.

@_date: 1993-10-12 18:09:55
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Secret network 
There is something else that we can use for secret communications and
that is ...  (don't laugh, I'm serious) - water pipes.  Many places
still use metal pipes, thru which radio waves can travel quite well.  I
read an article in a science magazine a few weeks ago, where a team of
researchers were tracking various electromagnetic emissions in
residential households.  They fould that a lot of background magnetic
fields and radio emissions were coming from the water pipes.  When the
neighbors used certain appliances, they could detect it because the EM
emmissions were picked up and carried by the metal water pipes.  And
that's was just background noise.  Imagine what we could transmit by
intentionally broadcasting signals thru the metal pipes!  Also, most of
the "noise" was low frequency, and since our transmitters would be high
frequency, it would probably work pretty well (unless, of course, you
had plastic pipes).  Most of the local net traffic could be handled thru
the pipe-network, while the radio transmitters, lasers & microwave stuff
could be used for longer distance stuff.

@_date: 1993-10-12 18:36:35
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum Decoys 
Decoys would be easy to build, just build a cruddy receiver, tune it to
a dead station, add an amplifier, and retransmit the noise at another
frequency, and presto, you have a decoy.  Incredibly cheap to build,
(nothing more than a few transistors, capacitors, and resistors, which
don't have to be good quality either); the most expensive thing would
probably be the power supply.  Since the signals would be encrypted,
they wouldn't know static from data (well, they could probably figure it
out if they tried, it just depends on how much effort they want to put
into it).
As for the Julieboard, $125 sounds a bit steep.  If we build the boards
ourselves, it could be done a lot cheaper.  Making rough guesses, we
would need: 8088 (or similiar capacity chip): $2-3.  Small amount of
low-power static RAM (16K or less): $5   eproms: $2-3   UART or
something similiar: $2-3  cpu clock, transistors, TTLs, logic gates,
other paraphinelia to interface CPU to transmitter: $??  Transmitter and
receiver: <$10.  (This is USA $$$ btw...  also I haven't been following
the electronics market too closely lately so correct my guesses if
they're wrong.)  The only problem is finding people experienced enuff to
build the boards.

@_date: 1993-10-12 20:09:57
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
This would defeat many detection methods, but would complicate the
software further, because it would need to be able to quickly compensate
for repeaters which travelled out of range.

@_date: 1993-10-13 15:19:59
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
Switching frequencies rapidly to prevent triangulation is still the best
defense.  In my previous post I was just pointing out the silliness in
worrying about someone going around and shooting at transmitters.

@_date: 1993-10-13 16:02:16
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
You've hit the key concept - motion.  If you are operating from a fixed
transmitter, finding locations is very difficult.  The problem is that
if someone was to drive around the city in a radio equipped truck, and
log into lots of different nodes, they could at least get a partial map
of where various nodes are located.  This could be countered by
additional software which would emulate the node you logged in on even
tho it actually switched you to another node (you communicate with a
virtual fixed node which may or may not be the actual one you are
communicating with).  hmm...  Which leaves us with the problem of
developing software to do that, and developing some method of logging
into the system which would not be node-specific (if you had to do
something special for each node, it would immediately reveal what areas
the nodes were in.)  That creates the problem of developing something
that is not a plainly obvious "log-in" signal that the FCC could look
for.  Ideas?

@_date: 1993-10-14 10:06:57
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
Matthew J Ghio  said:
Doug Merritt  wrote in reply:
This is similar to the discussion of breaking advanced cryptographic
techniques, comparing possibility to practicality.  Sure anything is
possible, given enuff resources.  But the question is weather or not its
feasible for them to try to track it down.  If it takes them a month and
costs them $10000 in equipment and salaries to track down one
transmitter, then they haven't really accomplished much.
I would say frequency switching would be better than a continuous signal
spread across many frequencies.  Here's why: Once you've locked onto a
signal and try to triangulate, it's gone.  After one transmitter has
swithced off a certain frequency, another transmitter can use it. Multiple broadcast sources on a frequency give confusing readings which
makes locating them difficult.  Finally, why would the FCC or equivilent
be trying to shut down such a network?  Someone would have to complain
first.  And why would someone complain?  They would only complain if the
broadcast was interfering with their transmissions.  This can be solved
easily.  While data was not being received, have the receivers monitor
noise levels on various frequencies, and select only those not being
used for transmission.  This could be implemented without additional
hardware, as we will already have an onboard computer for routing data,
this would simly make use of idle time.  (BTW many cordless phones
already do this.)

@_date: 1993-10-14 16:40:00
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Glitches in PGP Messages 
However, if
uses MacPGP
be? Thanks.
It's probably an incompatible CR/LF setting.  Try asking your friend to
set up his software to add line feeds to carriage returns.

@_date: 1993-10-14 16:57:03
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: DES 
It's not easy to break.  It is possible to break it with about $1
million worth of specialized computing hardware.  Many programs, such as
PGP, do use larger keys.
If all combinations had to be tried, it would take 2^112 times longer to
break a triple DES (168 bit) code than to break the standard 56 bit code.

@_date: 1993-10-14 17:30:00
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: SADF 
Actually, as you learn to type certain words or phrases very well, your
keystrokes do become very regular.  Many years ago, (around 1988 or so)
there was a popular online game called Spacer's Quest, which used
keyboard timings for random numbers.  Many people who played the game
regularly started noticing that they would repeatedly find the same
things in the same places, even tho it was supposed to be random,
because they were habitually responding to the prompts almost the same
way every time.  However, I suspect that this was an extreme example,
since the anti-random effect was intensified by slow modems, which could
not convey timing differences of less than 1/240 of a second at 2400 bps
or no less than 1/120 of a second at 1200 bps.
This probably would not happen with PGP, because on the local console
you could measure timing differences of a few millionths of a second
(well, at least less than a thousandth of a second), and it is very
difficult to be that precise in typing something the same way twice. Besides, even if your typing caused the same public key to be generated
twice (highly unlikely), that doesn't help anybody else generate it.

@_date: 1993-10-14 17:32:04
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: DES 
Wouldn't "triple-DES" imply three keys, or did I miss something?

@_date: 1993-10-14 18:02:03
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Secret network 
Well, I'm sure that multipath reflections would cause wave interference
which would garbel whatever was modulated on that signal, however, the
carrier wave itself would still be detectable.  Suppose you were to
broadcast a short burst of a signal at 250,000 hz into the water system.
 You would get lots of echos, noise, etc, but it would still be
detectable as a 250,000 hz signal.  It might not be possible to tell
exactly what that signal was, but you could still detect the frequency;
you could tell that, in fact, a 250,000 hz signal had been sent.  Now
you could determine the minimum interval of time necessary between
bursts for the receiver to be able to identify them as seperate bursts. Having done this, you could send 250,000 hz bursts at regular interals,
and then accompany some with 500,000 hz bursts (one bits) and leave the
other pulses without an accompanying transmission (zero bits).  I'm not
really sure what frequencies would work best, that would probably have
to be determined experimentally.

@_date: 1993-10-16 09:30:16
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: IRS LEARNING . . . 
Phil Karn Well, credit cards aren't really legal tender either - nobody is
required to accept them.  People accept them because of convienience,
but the government doesn't recoginze it as legal tender (Try telling the
IRS you want them to charge it to your MasterCard hahaha...)  Digital
cash would probably be the same.  The government probably wouldn't take
it, but that wouldn't stop everyone else from using it.  Hmm...  if they
decalred it not legal tender, does that mean you could take $10,000 in
digicash out of the country and not be required to report it? hehehehe...  or maybe you could just spend your digicash out of a
foreign bank account.  (Bank of Oceania?  hmm...)

@_date: 1993-10-16 11:52:18
@_author: Anthony D Ortenzi 
@_subject: IRS LEARNING . . . 
Think of ATM's... we use them and assume that our money is safe...
people are comparing credit cards to digital cash... the main difference
is that the credit-card companies guarantee payment, and it's NOT OUR
MONEY... also.. we get receipts for ATM transactions, would we get
encrypted receipts by e-mail that contained transaction info in a
verifiable format?  Would it be possible for a third party to somehow
carbon-copy all of your receipts to them?
It's mind-boggling, the need for security as the computer age rules our

@_date: 1993-10-16 12:37:18
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: crypto technique 
I was recently doing a calculation involving polynomials when I noticed
the following: The function:
      1  2   1
y = ( - x  + - x + C ) mod P
      2      2
where C is any integar constant, and P is any integral exponent of 2,
given any positive integer less than P as input in x, will produce a
unique positive integer output in the same range, [0,P).  Hence we have
an encryption technique which works well for binary data.  Decrypting
this is a bit trickier.  It is possible to find the inverse equation for
this, (without the modulus) which is: x = SQR(2(y-c) + 1/4) - 1/2
(SQR=Square root)  Finding the square root of the modulus is the tricky
part, but it is possible, since for every number it is possible to add
some multiple of P and find a rational square root (There is a fairly
systematic way to do this; I don't want to bore you with the math right
now, I'll go into it later if anyone wants.  Just trust me for now; it's
possible to do without too much computation.)  Now, there are some ways
to beat this if you were encrypting one byte at a time, such as looking
for recurring spaces in ASCII text, but if you were to group 8 bytes
together and set p=2^64, it would be fairly difficult to crack.
Anyway, in case you're getting bored, here comes the fun part:
What happens when we double-encrypt with this technique?  Well,
obviously you need to use both keys (both values of C) in order to
unencrypt it.  For encrypting tho, we have a nested function of x:
    1   1  2   1        2   1   1  2   1
y = - ( - x  + - x + C )  + - ( - x  + - x + C ) + D
    2   2      2            2   2      2
where D is a second constant.  This multiplies out to a fourth degree
polynomial which can not be easily factored to find it's orininal
components.  Adding a third layer of encryption creates an eighth degree
polynomial which is hopelessly beyond factoring in any reasonable amount
of time.  Hence, it is impossible to determine the decryption key if one
has the encryption key.  Therefore, the multiplied polynomial can be
distributed as a public key, and the inverse functions needed to decrypt
are kept secret (private key).
Has this ever been tried before?  Has it been broken?  I don't see any
way to break this, but I could be overlooking something.  If this works
it seems like it might be simpler to generate keys for than RSA.
I wrote out an example of this on paper here, picking some values for C,
and got:
         4      3         2
y = .125x + .25x + 63.875x + 63.75x + 8159
and I was able to find values of x for values of y.  Go ahead, post a
number, I can decode it (can you?).  Oh, don't forget to say what P is.
P.S.  In case you're wondering where that function came from, and why it
always produces integars, it's a representation of the series

@_date: 1993-10-17 13:56:55
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: crypto technique 
Ah...  but I do have exactly such a "trapdoor".  Consider the output
produced by y = 0.5x^2 + 0.5x:  (p=2^3)
      y mod 8
x y  in binary

@_date: 1993-10-17 15:26:56
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: encryption 
You can get it from ftp.demon.co.uk in the directory pub/pgp

@_date: 1993-10-19 14:52:25
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Photocopying money 
It's true.  Canon did indeed create such a chip.  It's the same chip
that's used in vending machines to scan dollar bills.  They built a
prototype copier which prevented copying money, but I don't know if they
actually decided to install the chip in all their assembly-line
production copiers or not tho.

@_date: 1993-10-19 20:12:29
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: request for Pgp 
Oh, you're looking to get flamed huh?  Well, in that case...  hehehe
I got my copy from ftp.demon.co.uk

@_date: 1993-10-19 20:32:30
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Photocopying money 
In Japan they do.  Some banks recently got scammed by people putting
photocopied Y10,000 ($100) bills into changers at the banks (getting
10 Y1,000 in return).  They've now done a ROM upgrade on the machines.
Hmm... I wonder how many free cokes I could get with that method... hehe :)
There used to be a vending machine here where you could push 2 different
buttons at the same time and get two sodas for the price of one.  When I
lived in California, there was a pay phone where you could dial an 800
number and then dial another number and it would charge you as if you
were still connected to the 800 number (free calls!!!)  Oh man... some
vending machine companies overlook the most obvious things...  I guess
it can happen to anybody (remember identify  and get 1000000 ep? :)
Hmm... what does this have to do with cryptography?

@_date: 1993-10-19 21:17:39
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Unfactorable Polynomial Modulus PKC 
You're right.  You know that the x^2 term is (c/2 + 3/8)x^2 so you can
just solve for c from there.  Once you have c, you can solve for c2. So, if I could prevent you from finding c, then you couldn't solve it. How can I do this?  By adding another constant.
So far, I have just added a constant after each term.  This leaves open
the possibility that I could also add one at the beginning.  (I'll call
the constants A, B and C for simplicity).  Therefore I'd have something
like the following:
F(G(H(x))) where:
F(x) = (1/2)x^2 + (1/2)x + C
G(x) = (1/2)x^2 + (1/2)x + B
H(x) = x + A
Expanding this, we have something which begins:
(1/8)x^4 + ((A+1/2)/2)x^3 + ((3/2)a^2+(3/2)a+b+3/4) + ...
So you can still solve for A, which lets you solve for B, which lets you
break my cipher and find my private key.  But consider the following:
Up to now, I have simply added a constant before and after each nested
term.  I (or you) can easily reverse this process by subtracting the
constant, and then inverting the functions.  I can add an additional
layer of security by multiplying the result of the function by an odd
number and taking the modulus.  As long as I multiply by an odd number
and take the modulus of a power of 2, the process can be reversed.  Now
if I do this at the beginning and after each of the functions I get:
F(G(H(x))) where:
F(x) = (F/2)x^2 + (F/2)x + C
G(x) = (E/2)x^2 + (E/2)x + B
H(x) = Dx + A
Expanding this, I get:
(1/8)fe^2d^4x^4 + ((a+1/2)/2)fe^2d^3x^3 +
(1/2)((3/2)ea^2+(3/2)ae+b+e/4+1/2)fed^2x^2 +
(1/2)(ea^3+(3/2)ea^2+ea/2+2ab+b+a+1/2)fedx +
Picking some random values for A, B, and C, and picking some random odd
numbers for D, E, and F, plugging them into the equation, and then
taking mod 256, I came up with the following:
136.375x^4 + 139.25x^3 + 33.625x^2 + 110.75x + 179
So what values for A,B,C,D,E,& F did I use?  Have fun factoring!  :)

@_date: 1993-10-19 21:22:30
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: crypto technique 
Moduli are always positive.
It is interesting to note that since x^2 mod y = (-x)^2 mod y, then
x^2 mod y = (y-x)^2 mod y.  So whenever you have a square root modulus,
you have at least two numbers in the domain which will produce the same

@_date: 1993-10-20 15:12:39
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Wizardry crypto 
Yeah, that worked pretty well, considering that most people just looked
for text by scanning it with a sector editor.  Encrypting the text made
it undistinguishable from the program code.  Tracing the program code
would have been difficult, considering that it was written in the
original Apple pascal, which used a token compiler (I think).  But,
alas, the character files were in plaintext, and numerous people figured
out how to edit them.  So were the items and monsters.  One day when I
was very bored, I managed to decipher the maze data, and was then able
to build a map of the 10th level where dumapic didn't work.  As I
recall, it was just 2 bits to define each section of wall, arranged in
four groups of data defining each of the four directions, followed by
another block of data which used nybbles to define what was found in the
blocks created by the intersections of the walls.
One thing that I was able to break was the code book that was the
copy-protection for Return of Werdna.  As I recall, it was calculated in
base 9 (or some sort of nine number system which used the digits 1-9 but
excluded zero).  Once I realized that, breaking the code was just a
matter of simple arithmetic.  It was an interesting excercise in
code-breaking tho, and I did it without disassembling the program.
I must say that this was preferrable to the copy-protection in the
original Wizardry, in which my master disk eventually wore out from
overuse and developed bad sectors.  Gee...All this nostalgia has made me
want to play again.  It's a fun game, and the 3-D system was pretty
innovative for the time.  Does Sir-Tech still replace bad disks (from
the Apple II version)?

@_date: 1993-10-21 09:32:49
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: crypto technique 
I may have made a math error; I'll double-check it.

@_date: 1993-10-21 09:32:56
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Paper Shredders 
"Perry E. Metzger" :
Yup.  Actually you don't even need the gernade, you could just store
some thermit in the filing cabinet and then ignite it when necessary. It's very stable and very unlikely to ignite by accident.  In fact, just
dropping a burning match on it usually won't ignite it, usually you need
some sort of accelerator to make it explode.  Plus, it's easy to make
(Iron oxide (rust) + aluminum).

@_date: 1993-10-21 10:12:48
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Mail delivery question 
I was pondering the same question awhile ago.  After poking around in
the system and reading the temporary scratch files that the system
created by the mailer, I noticed that the mail was being preceeded by a
seperate header packet which was not included in the message.  Sending
mail to myself caused the system to create two temporary files in the
process.  One of them was called "SF" and the other was "QF".  I don't
know what the letters stand for, and this is probably just how CMU does
it, other sites may be different.  Anyway, in my test mail to myself,
the SF file contained:
 ||
 |mg5n+ at andrew.cmu.edu|
 |26634;andrew.cmu.edu;Matthew J Ghio|
and the QF file contained the actual text of the message plus the
headers that you see.  So the email is actually sent as two seperate
packets of data, the headers you see are just there for looks, the
actual delivery info is hidden behind-the-scenes.  Does anyone else have
any description of "standard" methods of handling internet e-mail?

@_date: 1993-10-21 16:53:06
@_author: Chip Morningstar -- "Software Without Moving Parts" 
@_subject: CRYPTO + REPUTATIONS = A NEW ERA 
Maybe this is what my mom was talking about when she told me she was
saving her ping money.
Or something like that.

@_date: 1993-10-22 11:42:56
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Gold in them thar Bills... 
I can easily determine with reasonable precision weather or not a lump
of yellow stuff is gold or not.  All I need is:
1) A glass of water and a balance scale to use Archimedes method (which
is reasonably accurate since there are very few metals heavier than
gold.  If I remember correctly, they are platinum, iridium, osmium, and
uranium..there might be one or two more.  They are all rare metals which
are nearly equal or greater in value than gold, except for uranium which
I could rule out pretty easily on the basis of its radioactivity)
2) A drop of nitric acid.  Nitric acid, (and several other acids as
well) will not react with gold, but will quickly oxidize iron pyrite,
bronze alloys, etc.  In fact, some companies like Edmund Scientific sell
chemical tests to check gold.

@_date: 1993-10-22 12:02:55
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Canon copiers 
I really doubt that they would make it lock up the machine.  If that
were true, I could just walk up to the copier, slap down a $1 bill, hit
the button and walk away.  Poof -
I've just created weeks of downtime and a hefty repair bill.  Gee sounds
like fun.  Now, how many businesses do you know of that would be willing
to take that kind of risk in buying a copier?

@_date: 1993-10-22 13:33:18
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Sharing a secret 
I might be missing something, but I don't see how this could be made to
work when you're missing more than one key.  For example, suppose you
create a system with 5 keys.  Take each of the five keys and XOR them to
create a known constant.  Now, if you have four keys, you can easily
find the fifth by xoring them with the known constant, and unlock the
cipher.  But, what if you wanted to have three of the five keys be able
to unlock the cipher.  There isn't any way to do this.
I worked with this system many years ago, trying to create an insurance
against data loss.  If you have some blocks of data, you take each byte
in each block and xor it with the same byte position in all of the other
blocks, and then save this new block that you created.  If you then lose
one of the blocks, you can recreate it from the remaining blocks.  But
if you lost two blocks, there is no way to recreate it.  I gave up on
the idea and never wrote the program.
I like the line/polynomial idea that Hal Finney posted tho...

@_date: 1993-10-28 15:08:10
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: Tim May, Detweiler and Me. 
I've kept clear of this latest vitrolic drivel-throwing contest, but I have to
say that Andy get the prize for the most inventive.  Very creative! :)
Made me smile... :)

@_date: 1993-10-29 16:29:07
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: ID of anonymous posters via word analysis? 
I've seen a few programs which do this, but they were mostly for humor
value.  The program would pick out certain words or phrases and swap the
with other words of phrases in its database, mostly cliches and other
strange word usage.  (such as "Like, wow, gag me with a spoon" etc...)  The output was rather humorus, but most of the meaning was still
preserved.  I saw several of them used awhile ago during the Jon Fether
fiasco on the usenet (If any of you saw that - a little 14-year old got
daddy's modem and found a free internet site, and then started flamewars
on several usenet groups.  A few people took his flame posts and ran
then thru their "filters" and then re-posted them.)
Anyway, it probably wouldn't be too hard to just swap words with
synonyms or reorder or replace certain prepositional phrases.

@_date: 1993-10-31 18:39:39
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Secure Phone Progress (fwd) 
Um...  Well, you should be able to do that with an ordinary sound
board/digitizer and a modem.  However, 14400 bps (without compression)
isn't enough to transmit sound waves at normal frequencies.  Since the
range of human hearing is up to about 20000 hz, you need a sampling rate
of 40000hz to get at least a crude sample of all possible frequencies. (Most telecom equipment uses 64000 bps to transmit voice conversations.)
 But that's where compression comes in.  You could probably do without
the DSPs and just use the main CPU to do it.  Since sound data would be
coming in at 40000-60000 bytes/sec (or bits/sec or...?) and output would
be going out at 1440 bytes/sec and your cpu can do several million
instructions per second, you have several hundred to several thousand
cycles to process the data, which should be sufficient time.  (I assume
you would write this in assembly.)  The only real problem is to design a
compression technique which can squeeze that much data into a 14400bps
connection without losing too much sound quality, which would have to be
a pretty good compression technique.  It would probably be easier if you
had one of those 28800 bps modems that are supposed to be out soon...
As for the encryption part of it, If CPU load became a problem, you
wouldn't really need to use Triple-DES or IDEA, you could use something
simpler.  Remember that breaking a cypher requires they you have some
idea as to what your looking for so you know you've cracked it. Compressing the data would remove such identifing data and make breaking
the code more difficult.  Also, if you had the system reset itself
during dead time (no sound) or whenever it encountered line noise or
whatever by generating a new encryption key and doing a key exchange
with RSA, then even if someone broke the code, they wouldn't get much of
a prize - just a few seconds of your conversation, which would likely
tell them very little.

@_date: 1993-09-07 09:11:41
@_author: Forrest Aldrich 
@_subject: Munitions class encryption 
I am curious about what constitutes "Munitions" class cryptography; is there
really anything out there available to "us" that is of this "quality" (being
unsure of where pgp stands with this).  If there were, would it be feasible
to have something like this that is software-only-based?  If so, and it
originated outside of the USA, I wonder what the officials would think of
its use.  On that line, I wonder if traffic-analysis isn't being performed
right now to determine where the heaviest use of PGP exists.
Perhaps to some, the idea of traffic-analysis (on the internet, that is) might
sound a bit silly; however, I have been assured that this type of activity
is none-the-less a regular one, and is used for many purposes.  Anyone have
more details?
I had a friend who worked in the COMM center at a former air force base.  He
had a top secret clearance, and said that one of his duties was to separate
(and deliver?) classified printouts.  He said that the stuff he read in
there would 'blow your mind'.  He said that (this was only a few years ago)
the government used encryption cards (computer cards) which were changed
on a daily basis.  Which makes me wonder if "Munitions" class cryptography
would indeed require hardware support.

@_date: 1993-09-09 16:17:27
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Crack DES in 3.5 hours for only $1,500,000! 
Be the first on your block!
Michael Wiener  produced a complete design for a DES
key search machine, which he presented in the "rump session" at Crypto '93
last month.  He designed a single custom chip which can do 50 million
test encryptions per second, and the boards and racks and frames into
which it fits.  The full design has about 60,000 copies of the chip,
solves DES in 3.5 hours, and is fully described in the paper.  Here is
an excerpt from his conclusions:	
    It is possible to build a $1 million machine that can attack DES and
    recover a key in an average time of 3.5 hours.  The machine uses a
    known plaintext to exhaustively search through the DES key space and
    could be developed for $500000 in about 10 months.  Because a great
    deal of detail has gone into the design of the key search machine, we
    can have high confidence in the assessment of its cost and speed.
    The key search design presented here is one to two orders of magnitude
    faster than other recently proposed designs.
    Even cryptosystems with 64-bit keys may be vulnerable.  If DES were
    modified to use 64-bit keys, there would be 2**8 times as many keys to
    search through, and a $10 million machine would take an average of 3.7
    days to find a key.
    It is possible to build a key search machine that can support a range
    of modes of DES with little penalty in run-time.  A $1 million machine
    would take 8 hours on average to find a key used in 1-bit CFB mode
    and 4 hours on average for any of ECB, CBC, 64-bit OFB, 64-bit CFB, or
    8-bit CFB mode.
    This work shows that exhaustive DES key search is alarmingly
    economical.  If it ever was true that attacking DES was only within
    the reach of large governments, it is clearly no longer true.  A
    fairly painless way to improve security dramatically is to switch to
    triple-DES.
The paper was written as a warning to DES users (bankers) and their
customers (depositors).  DES is used to protect electronic money
transfers among banks all over the world.  Several billion dollars per
day are moved in this way.  Within a day of finishing the machine, a
criminal could easily pay back the $1.5M in capital.  In the second
day, they'd have the capital required to build a second machine, and
in the third day a positive cash flow would begin.  Banks can do nothing to stop this -- if they shut down their comm links, they go
out of business; if they keep moving money over them, intruders suck
money out at will.  I recommend not keeping your money in banks...
Most organizations who would build such a machine (national
governments and other forms of organized crime) have probably already
constructed many similar machines.  This paper will not help them.  It
is intended to help people who thought that DES was secure.
The full paper is available in PostScript via ftp from:
cpsr.org also makes it available via their Gopher service.
CPSR.org is on a slow link; use the ftp.eff.org archive if possible.
(The file will appear there shortly; apologies for any delay.)
Feel free to hack this up and send me back revised copy...

@_date: 1993-09-10 02:13:41
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Crack DES in 3.5 hours for only $1,500,000! 
I will have printed copies of the paper at the Cypherpunks meeting
this weekend.  Folks in other locations, please print the PostScript
version from ftp.eff.org:/pub/crypto/des_key_search.ps, rather than
asking me to mail printed copies.
Kudos to Michael Wiener for doing the work, and for making the paper
freely available online!
By the way, with 60,000 chips, it takes 3.5 hours to brute-force a 56
bit key.  If you lop 16 bits off, you lose a factor of ~60,000: it
takes ONE chip a few hours to brute-force it -- or a third of a second
if you use the whole machine.  I wondered where those ``40-bit keys''
came from...
Oho!  I now suspect why RC2 and RC4 must remain trade-secret...NSA
doesn't want people to know what particular internal algorithm
features their brute-force chips are capable of handling!  I recall
the discussion of how RC2/4 were invented; NSA told the designer
(since identified as Ron Rivest): "No, this is too big; weaken this
over here; do fewer rounds here; etc..."  What resulted was suitable
for NSA brute-force using chips they had readily available.  It's
possible that simple changes to the algorithm would render it much
less penetrable by NSA's current hardware.  Ron even knows *which*
changes, and I encourage him to tell us.

@_date: 1993-09-11 18:18:13
@_author: Liam David Gray 
@_subject: Spooks reading the list 
[Here I quote nobody at soda who quotes remail at tamsun:]
Nobody, when I read the original post I assumed the "we" you're talking
about was 'we, the Cypherpunks.'  I.e., if NSA were truly Evil Incarnate
Central, the Cypherpunks would be fighting "a Valiant War ["We Are Fated
to Lose"]".  For a moment there, nobody, you nearly had me believing
you.  But read the rest of the post, and the above 'slip' becomes much
less interesting:
[Me quoting nobody at soda quoting remail at tamsun, again:]
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^                               ^^^^^^^^^^^^
The NSA is caught up in bureaucracy, so the Cypherpunks need not lose.
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Cypherpunks are not fated to lose, because the NSA's attempts are fated
to fail.
[rest deleted]
If you give me some time, I can contact the author of the original post

@_date: 1993-09-12 00:28:37
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: `supercomputer' export control 
Note the date; this is old news.
They're right.
67 NOPS [-) is a single SuperSPARC chip or a fast Pentium.  Nothing
faster than that can be exported without being considered a
"supercomputer", requiring armed guards around it in the foreign
country, etc.  Like, a SPARCstation-10 containing TWO SuperSPARC
The amusing thing is that the chips themselves are not export-controlled.
Foreign clone-makers buy the chips and sell to the rest of the world,
while U.S. companies are fried by endless red tape.  If you can get delivery next week or in six months, which supplier do you pick?
The whole concept of export controls on computers and communications gear
(including cryptography) has got to be demolished.  Smashed to the ground
like the Berlin Wall, a mere memory of decades of totalitarian bureacracy
that ruined real lives and real products.

@_date: 1993-09-16 12:04:43
@_author: Thomas W. Strong, Jr. 
@_subject: Random Numbers 
You don't want to do that...  that would amount to using one seed
(probably when you created your key) and then generating a key from
that.  Since the relationship between a random seed and the IDEA key is
known, one can be reproduced from the other.  (to go from key to seed
would take considerably longer, but it's doable)  Since you are storing
what effectively amounts to the random number generated from the seed in
place of the seed, all an adversary has to do is get one of your IDEA
keys from a message that he can read.  Once he has that, he gets the
seed used, and then just works it forward from there.  Instead of having
2^128 possible keys, you've just let him narrow it down to a couple
hundred or so.  There's a reaason that you have to give it a new seed
rather often.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
  Tom Strong              N3NBB              ts49+ at andrew.cmu.edu

@_date: 1993-09-18 14:15:33
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: CRADA 
You can get large parts of the Federal Register online on the Internet
from gopher.internet.com, using the gopher protocol.  Unfortunately,
the people who run the service claim to not permit republication.  I
tried to sign up as their real customer, but this bogosity got in
the way.  Why pay money to these people for access to public domain
info that you then can't use?
Here is as much as you can get without being a subscriber:
Citation="58 FR 44662"
Department="DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE"
Agency="NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY (NIST), COMMERCE"
Subject="Opportunity To Join a Cooperative Research and Development Consortium To Develop Secure Software Encryption With Integrated Cryptographic Key Escrowing Techniques"
SUMMARY: The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) seeks industrial and academic parties interested in entering into a cooperative research consortium on the development of new technology for secure software encryption with integrated cryptographic key escrowing techniques. The program will be undertaken within the scope and confines of The Federal Technology Transfer Act of 1986 (15 U.S.C. 3710a), which provides federal laboratories including NIST, with the authority to enter into cooperative research agreements with qualified parties. Under

@_date: 1993-09-20 08:39:55
@_author: Forrest Aldrich 
@_subject: Encrypted logins? 
Is there a way to set up an encrypted login session, whereby the calling
program would need a 'key' in order to decrypt the connection to even
see the 'login: ' prompt?  I thought I saw something like this for the
ham-radio enthusiasts.  It uses plain-DES to do the work.  But this would
require that your calling program be some type of comm prog with the
decryption/encryption abilities within.
I understand that some gov logins use this type of scheme.

@_date: 1993-09-20 11:59:57
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: META: list topicality 
I just received this unsubscribe note here on toad.com.
I, personally, am getting tired of worthwhile people unsubscribing
from the list because the impropriety of others.
1.  Send more private e-mail.  Keep your flames of _all_ types off the
list.  2.  If something offends you, _do_ respond, and only in private.  I
have the suspicion that certain members of the list are not receiving
enough hostile email in response to inappropriate postings.  We want
more negative and postive reinforcement.
3.  This is not a list for paranoids.  Shut up here and go somewhere
else.  If enough people tell you you're paranoid, then it is likely
that you _are_ paranoid.
4.  Do not immediately reply to postings.  Wait, be thoughtful, and
make sure you're not going to make an ass out of yourself.  And to be
sure, there are some asses being made on this list.
5.  Exercise restraint.  If you must make a response to something,
first make sure it shouldn't go in private email.

@_date: 1993-09-21 08:46:30
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Gopher access to Federal Register 
Gopher to gopher.internet.com, port 2002, and you will find the Federal
Register online.  For most documents, you can only get the first
100 lines, but the use of the indexes is free, and many documents
are useful in this form.
You can pay them for access to the full documents, but they prohibit
republishing online -- though you're free to print the documents out.
What heart these guys have!

@_date: 1993-09-21 12:47:39
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: crypto import 
THERE IS NO LAW AGAINST THE IMPORT OF CRYPTOGRAPHY!
How many times does this idiocy have to be squashed?
PS:  I heard a rumor it's against the law to breathe.

@_date: 1993-09-28 20:44:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: the public key minefield 
Since the patent seems to cover all public key cryptography (or at
least that's what PKP would like you to believe), the analogy would be
more like patenting a 'device that erradicates effects of
gravitational attraction in a localized area', ie. any anti-gravity
device, when you actually developed only the Cavorite method.    Of course, wonderful idea!  Hey, let's patent all irrigating systems
so that people have to think of other ways to make plants grow.  Let's
patent the combustion engine so that people will think of other engine
types.  Let's patent hydro-electric dams to give more incentive to the
controlled fusion researchers.  While we're at it, let's patent
electric devices altogether, so that people can think of other
brilliant ways to make things work.
  While necessity is mother of invention, one must not forget which is
more important: satisfying the necessity or making an invention.  The
goal of patents is to give a researcher a reward for his invention; to
give him the opportunity to make money off it.

@_date: 1993-09-29 02:11:39
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: Orange book, the NSA, and the NCSC 
Even if a Cray can crack a PGP-encrypted message in, say, an hour, flooding
the system with messages would tend to obscure real traffic with obscure
junk.  Hey, I can encrypt /vmunix with a random key as fast as the next
person.  :)

@_date: 1993-09-29 11:11:46
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: Orange book, the NSA, and the NCSC 
I had to wade through all that government stuff a while back.  I've got the
complete series, but haven't gotten any updates. :(  It's all pretty dry
and stuffy, but it did have some useful stuff, like the password guidelines
and how they figure out which machines can be trusted and which can't.
Why is Directive 145 important?    I got a good laugh out of that one!! :) :)

@_date: 1993-09-30 00:36:58
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: fido encryption. 
Most of them are scared to death over possible liability, like if someone
is selling credit card numbers and using their BBS to forward the messages,
they feel they could be legally liable.  There have been too many instances
of folks getting their computers confiscated over this sort of thing.
Personally, I feel like it's all a scam, cooked up by those in the DA's
office who are jealous because ours are bigger than theirs are.  ;)  A 486/50
with a couple of GB HD and a SVGA monitor and a couple of 1.4K modems is a
pretty hard thing to pass up if you're short on computing power in the DA's
office ... and short on $$$...  :(

@_date: 1993-09-30 13:54:45
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: PGP/Constitutional Defense, Take IV (fwd) 
EFF TO DEFEND CRYPTO RIGHTS LEGALLY
Washington, D.C. -- The Electronic Frontier Foundation has committed
itself this week to legal defense efforts in response to what is
apparently a U.S. government campaign against the use and export of
cryptographic technology.
EFF's response to the anti-cryptography campaign, which has been directed
initially against the "Pretty Good Privacy" (PGP) encryption program
written by Phil Zimmermann, is three-fold:
o EFF and EFF board members will immediately contribute
funds to Phil Zimmermann's current legal expenses as they relate
to constitutional issues, and will encourage others to make donations
for this legal effort.
o EFF will continue to vigorously investigate the facts of the PGP case
and other cryptography-related cases that may arise, in order
to spotlight the constitutional issues raised by such cases.
o EFF is now planning to launch in the near future a First Amendment
campaign aimed both at raising funds to support legal work on the
Constitutional issues raised by these cases, and at educating policymakers
and the general public about need to reform our outmoded export control laws . The basic facts of the PGP case(s) are as follows:
The Customs Bureau has interviewed Phil Zimmermann and others involved in
PGP. A San Jose grand jury, convened by Assistant US Attorney William
Keane, subpoenaed documents relating to PGP from Zimmermann, as well
as ViaCrypt and Austin Code Works, two companies who intend to offer
commercial products related to PGP. Finally, the State Department has sent
a letter to the Austin Code Works requiring them to register as an arms
dealer, even if they don't plan to export cryptography. In light of these developments, the Electronic Frontier Foundation Board of
Directors met in Austin on Sept 22-23 to plan EFF's response. EFF's Board of Directors believes that this case may involve fundamental
issues in the application of the U.S. Constitution to digital media. At
stake is the right of privacy, public access to secure cryptography, the
right to publish digital writings, and the right of equal protection under
the law. We are resolved to take this matter very seriously.
For this reason, EFF will undertake a vigorous investigation of the facts
in this and any other PGP related cases which might arise.  If the Grand Jury issues indictments that would, in the view of EFF,
threaten the future of digital liberty, we are prepared to assist in the case and any others which might have similar adverse effects. We are also prepared to seek to amend the export laws to protect constitutional speech and the right to disseminate and use encryption to protect the citizens'
right to privacy and to the security of their communications.
In the short run, EFF will assist Phil and others involved with PGP to find
criminal defense attorneys, explore ways to get any cases handled pro
bono publico, or for expenses only, and contribute funds to Phil and other possible defendants for preindictment constitutional research, and we encourage others to do the same. As of this announcement, several thousand
dollars have been pledged by EFF and EFF board members including John Gilmore, Mitchell Kapor, John Perry Barlow.  In the near future, EFF will launch a national campaign designed to provide
legal and financial support for cases or legislative efforts that would
promote the Constitutionally guaranteed rights to develop, discuss, and
use cryptographic technology. We urge you to help Phil Zimmermann in preparing his constitutional defense by contacting Phil's lawyer, Philip Dubois (dubois at csn.org, +1 303 444 3885,
or 2305 Broadway, Boulder, CO   80304, USA). He is accepting legal defense contributions relating directly to Phil's defense as an individual.
Board of Directors
Electronic Frontier Foundation

@_date: 1994-04-02 08:01:25
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 1-Apr-94 CryptoAnarchy by tmp at netcom.com Well, if "they" (those who are in power, usu. government) don't know
what the hell you're doing, and are trapped by their own laws and fear
of public unrest into permitting you to hide your actions from them,
then they can't control you. That's the theory, at least.
Given the propensity of humans to form power structures, particularly in
times of unrest, it's probably not paooible given our current
evolutionary state. Maybe in a bunch o'decades...
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-04-02 13:07:28
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Politics do not belong here 
I may very well be completly wrong here, but IMO there is no place for
politics on this list. Cryptography, by its very nature, is an
anti-political thing. All politicians who try in increase the power of
government are against the cypherpunk agenda of increasing the use of
encryption, it doesn't matter what party they belong to. This discussion
is simply a bunch of messages that bait people with different political
alignments than the sender's, please take it elsewhere.
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-04-02 23:28:03
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Politics do not belong here 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 2-Apr-94 Re:  Politics do not
belong.. by Julietta at chaph.usc.edu [.. stuff that I agree with follows ..]
Many apologies. Aparently I was not clear enough in defining what I
meant by politics. I was refering to bickering about the correctness of
liberals or conservatives, left or right, etc. Cryptography is
political, a point which I alluded to in my original post, but unless
you're in the Cryptoparty or the Big Brother party, which party line you
subscribe to matters little. Politicly, cypherpunks is a one-issue list,
and flaming about "my party is better than yours" serves only to clog
peoples' mailboxes and create discord.
I'm not quite sure I'm being clear here (it's kinda late), what I mean
to say is that IMO, you should check your non-crypto-related idealogy at
the login prompt when posting to this list.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 2-Apr-94 Re: Politics do not belong
.. by Greg Broiles at ideath.gold Saying that Earth First! doesn't have an agenda is, as I see it, wrong.
They exist to protect the environment. As in any organization, they are
not homogeneous, but there is an underlying direction. The same with
cypherpunks. The very name implies some sort of drive towards widespread
strong encryption. Not everyone agrees on how to go about it, but one
can definatly perceive an agenda (probably "thrust" is a better word).
Greg Broiles continues...
I couldn't have said it better myself.
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-04-03 17:57:30
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: THOUGHT: International Electronic Declaration of Rights 
THis appears to have grown rather long and dry. If you have had no
interest in this thread to date, hit 'n' now.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 3-Apr-94 Re: THOUGHT: International
.. by Timothy C. May at netcom.co Actually, I think Netcom is the exception. A good example is AOL, which
is not losing, and is big into censorship. The small services don't
care, the big ones have a reputation to worry about, so they censor.
Timothy C. May at netcom.co I have no objection to the current discussion, I object to "You and
liberal friends are *ssholes whose wishy-washy big government plans will
destroy freedom" and "You and your conservative friends are *ssholes
whose facist big government plans will destroy freedom" type flame wars.
The current discussion may involve some bickering, but it's at least
Back to the issue:
I think rights in cyberspace can be readily modeled on "meat" laws. For
example, take the freedom of speech. I can say what I like as long as I
don't libel someone. However, I don't have the right to say it anywhere
I choose. I can't for example, go into your house and give a
dissertation on fish euthenasia without your permission. Similarly, I
wouldn't expect the right to speak my mind on any topic on an IRC
channel that had no relation to the topic.
This is a tricky issue, though. One should definatly be able to speak
one's mind in a public place, but what defines a public place in
cyberspace? Really, no place (at the moment) is truly public. Every
computer is owned by somebody. I think this is an area where the
real-world paradigm is effective. In the real world, we have private
spaces, and government-owned public ones (parks). I think a set
government-run nodes would be a good idea. The law would require them to
be freely accessable by everyone. Of course, how they could be used
would be limited (you can't live on a park, you couldn't use an e-park
for long-term data storage). The current basic internet (netnews, irc,
anon ftp, most www) is run, more or less, how I would imagine this
Re: right of access. I prefer some regulation, such as mandating that
everyone would have access to a reasonably prices public carrier. This
would have basic services, and would not be allowed to boot someone if
they followed the rules and payed the bills. The market would probably
create this without regulation, but some basic regulation does provide a
safeguard against the unlikely. Full service private carriers would, of
course, be created by the market.
I also agree that there should be some sort of due process for denying
someone access ONCE THEY HAVE IT. Those whose access has been withdrawn
should be presented with a reason and given an oppourtunity to appeal
the desicision, to a 3rd party (court) in the case of public carriers.
I am assuming that this future cyberspace would be organized in the
anarchistic way the internet is; many nodes, of varying freedom,
interconnected so that there are few, if any borders between them. THis,
I think, is the most important thing for preserving/attaining rights in
cyberspace. THe best way I can think to do this is to keep the influence
of government or any single large organization to a minimum.
$.02 deposited,
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-04-04 01:36:29
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Cyberspace, Crypto Anarchy, and Pushing Limits 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 3-Apr-94 Re:  Cyberspace, Crypto
Ana.. by Hal at shell.portal.com As you said, no one. It would be pretty much a park in cyberspace. If
however, it remained in the hands of a small number of people, it would
be controlled by them ("their house").
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-04-06 06:58:59
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Remailer Standards (was Economic Assumptions) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 5-Apr-94 Remailer Standards (was
Eco.. by Ray at gnu.ai.mit.edu I was thinking about this for a Mac AMS client I'm working on. The send
mail window currently has check boxes for "Keep Copy" and "Sign Mail".
I'm hoping to add "PGP Encrypy" and "PGP Sign", and eventually "Remail
anonymously..." which would bring up a dialog box to allow you to create
a remailer chain (sort of like the sort command in ClarisWorks or the
interface of Font/DA mover, where there are two lists, one of avalable
remailers, and another which is your remailer chain, and you can
move/add/delete items from the chain list).
Of course... AMS II is in beta or something now, so there isn't much
chance of finishing it before it's obsolete... darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-04-06 14:03:09
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: one small comment about a big problem 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 5-Apr-94 one small comment about a
b.. by Bob Stratton at uunet.uu.ne Note, he said *your* account. *My* password is immune to a dictionary
attack, is yours.  Now, people can
choose their passwords, and you can choose a password that's easier to
remember and harder to crack than a PIN number (or long distance number,
or whatever). These recent hearings will alert (l)users  to choose
something other than "simple" ( <-- Ames ) as a password.
Ummmm, yeah, or something.
Doncha love it when someone makes a claim like this, y'know, one that's
so out there, so whacked, and doesn't back it up except with some limp
attempt at coersion? I mean, I usually assume that people who can figure
out how to send e-mail are intelligent enough to realize that people
don't go for this sort of thing. I just don't get it.
Shaking his head disappointedly,
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-04-07 08:59:32
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Remailers 
For all the newbies who keep asking for info on the remailers, the address is:
  mg5n+remailers at andrew.cmu.edu
You can get an anonymous address from mg5n+getid at andrew.cmu.edu
Each time you request an anon address, you get a different one.  You can
get as many as you like.  The addresses don't expire, however, so maybe
it's not the ideal 'one-shot' system, but it allows replies without
connecting you to your 'real name/address' or to any of your other

@_date: 1994-04-08 14:40:44
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: REMAIL: pseudo-account remailer @andrew gains anonymous feature 
I added an anonymous feature to my remailer.
If you have an address of the form mg5n+eaxxx at andrew.cmu.edu,
anonymous mail can be sent to that address by changing it to the format:
mg5n+anxxx at andrew.cmu.edu
An encrypted reply address is created for the sender of the anonymous message.
You can get an anonymous address by sending mail to mg5n+getid at andrew.cmu.edu
P.S. For what it's worth, the address
mg5n+anz3ajg8o1yxicqzt6v6qgpg3tkhddpqw3jl at andrew.cmu.edu
will forward anonymously to cypherpunks at toad.com.  If your mail software
supports mail aliases, a mail alias to that address might be an easy way
to post anon to the list (and get replies ;-)
As before, anyone who wants the source is welcome to it, however there
is nil documentation, and some of my recent hacks to it have increased
the code sloppiness factor by several orders of magnitude.  It does now
support 3DES encryption, much thanks to Phil Karn and Jim Gillogly's PD

@_date: 1994-04-08 18:42:19
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: remailers GONE! 
> catalyst at netcom.com                                          0.025 days
 >   "Supports PGP encryption"
Does it?  I don't have the public key...
 > remailer at entropy.linet.org                                  Never
 >   "Supports PGP encryption"
I thought this one was gone.
And now a quote from finger remailer at soda.berkeley.edu
for Issac Norby:

@_date: 1994-04-09 17:32:13
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: MIT sysop faces piracy charges 
Although mentioned in the indictment, appearantly Julf's server really
played no part in the software piracy distribution.  Cynosure was an FSP
server run on an unattended workstation at MIT (which David LaMacchia
did not own and did not have permission to use as an FSP server).  It
was not a mail server, and there is no mention of any pirated software
being sent through anon.penet.fi.  Instead, the feds just wanted to use
the indictment as a soap box to badmouth Julf's anon-server.
The indictment is on They list some twenty charges against LaMacchia.  Interestingly, one of
the charges was that LaMacchia created an anonymous mail pool for PGP
messages on his FSP server.
It looks like the government folks have found themselves a test case
with which to make a statement against piracy, and, more importantly, to
try to criminalize PGP and the anonymous remailers.  This is bad news. :(

@_date: 1994-04-09 18:18:32
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: REMAIL: pseudo-account remailer @andrew gains anonymous feature 
Another one is created, since no records are kept of what addresses you
already have.
I am somewhat unsure of what to do in this situation.  As I have it set
up now, it will always create the same address for replies (but you can
still get as many different ones as you like from mg5n+getid at andrew...) so if you send two messages to mg5n+anxxx... addresses, they will both
have the same reply address.  I could change this and have it create
different ones each time, which would preserve anonymnity better, but
this could lead to confusion when replying to messages, because it'd be
difficult to tell if two messages came from the same person or not.  I
suppose a more complicated system could be set up where the users would
specify which reply address they wanted to use, or where replying to a
certain address would always allocate the same reply-id.  Any

@_date: 1994-04-10 11:44:14
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: REMAIL: pseudo-account remailer @andrew gains anonymous feature 
I don't see how this would prevent me from having to keep track of
anon-id-to-real-id mappings.  It could work for sending mail, but I'd
still have to have some way of keeping track of the real ids for the

@_date: 1994-04-11 06:12:17
@_author: Benjamin Cox 
@_subject: Zero Knowledge Authentication and StrongBox 
I don't know whether that's what he means or not, but it's true.  In a
mod(pq) system, every number with square roots has four of them.
Given two of these that don't add up to 0 (mod pq), you can find a
factor of pq by GCD(pq, sqrt1+sqrt2).
Example: pq = 15, a = 1.  Square roots are 1, 4, 11, 14.  Choose two
of these: 1+11 = 12.  GCD(15, 12) = 3, which is a factor of pq.
This can be proved using the Chinese Remainder Theorem.
Ben Cox					thoth+ at cmu.edu, thoth at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-04-11 11:02:41
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Prime Numbers 
Well, for the mathematically curious, here are a few other interesting
prime number theroms:
For any number n which is prime, (2^n)-1 is also prime (Mersenne's theorem).
For any number n (2^(2^n))+1 is prime. (I might have that wrong, I don't
remember exactly)
For any number n, if the square root of (n!)+1 is an integer, it is also
prime.  (This is interesting, but rather useless in practice)

@_date: 1994-04-11 13:16:59
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: (n!+1)^(1/2) 
collins at newton.apple.com (Scott Collins):
Well, it was quoted from memory, so it's possible that I made an error,
but it seems to work as stated...
For example :
I can't find a value which produces a result that is a non-prime
integer.  (Of course that doesn't prove that there isn't one.)

@_date: 1994-04-15 00:13:51
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Remailer Reply Blocks 
My remailer doesn't quite do the padding the way you describe, it adds a
random amount of padding, so that the addresses will vary somewhat in
legnth.  It's not a perfect solution, but I thought it was best to keep
the return address as short as possible since it has to fit in the To:
header.  However, with an encrypted block, perhaps more padding would be
As for the reply block, my remailer strips out everything except the
actual address, but appearantly Eric's doesn't.  I can't say which is
best, it has been suggested that we might want to put the reply info in
the to header in parentheses.
Someone asked me in email if there was a way to chain emails from my
remailer through soda, so that no single person knows your identity. You can send to remailer at soda.berkeley.edu anonymously via:
mg5n+an4gyeonc4pgah6dnlyhlicoq46154jmssttbk6245zais at andrew.cmu.edu
This way, I know your real address, but I can't match it to an anonymous
reply block on soda; Eric Hollander knows only your anon address on my
I must say I really appreciate all the work being done on the remailers;
it looks like the remailers will finally get some much needed
improvements.  Keep up the good work!  Now if we could just get more
people to run remailers...we have only about 10 now; we had over 2 dozen
at one time.  Let's set up some more.

@_date: 1994-04-15 10:32:19
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Safeway + Your Privacy 
Shop somewhere else if you don't like it.
VONS pulled a similar scam a while back, but they gave you a "VonsChek"
card.  Every time you wanted to use a check they'd ask for this card. The card had a little magnetic strip that they'd scan.  Anyway, this one
guy I know went in there and the card wouldn't scan, so the cashier
wouldn't take his check.  She said, "Well, sir, you'll need to apply for
a replacement card."  He asked how to do that and she said, "Well, you
need to fill out this form..."  at which time he said "No I don't,"
threw the card at her and walked away, leaving the cashier there with a
cart full of groceries.  Then the manager noticed, and tried to come
over and offer assistance, but he just walked out of the store.  I think
they cut back on that crap somewhat since then; but I don't really know,
since I don't shop there anymore (this was when I lived in California...)
More likely they would take YOU to the cleaners first.  I'm not sure if
this would be the desired outcome, as Safeway might try to cover their
asses by demanding more shit from you like driver's liscense, Social
insecurity number...

@_date: 1994-04-16 08:39:01
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Liability wrt making pgp available to the campus 
Well, I went through a similiar situation with CMU, they told someone
(not me) that they wouldn't allow PGP to be in the campus software
library, so I put it in my personal directory and told everyone where to
get it, and they didn't complain.  It's in

@_date: 1994-04-17 05:15:37
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: If however Dolphin Encrypt was extremely strong ... 
Eric Hughes quotes "Anonymous":
Real?  "Anonymous" here reveals that he has not been keeping up
with the literature.  DE was examined critically by Prof. Cipher
Deavours in the October 1993 issue of Cryptologia, who (after studying
 "The diffusion
process employed in the ciphering of data is fairly complex for an
inexpensive system such as this one."
Eric then allows as how:
However, in Peter Meyer's article we read:
Perhaps the DE cipher is not "public" in the sense that it is widely
available on unix sites, but it is "publicly available".  Perhaps the
source code is not posted on sites such as soda because the publisher
does not wish to expose himself to the the charge of making a strong
crypto system available for export.
Eric again quotes "Anonymous":
For all we know Eric himself posted that "anonymous" message, so he could
quote him out of context.  As I recall, Anonymous seemed to have
(deliberately?) misunderstood the part about the statistical test (and
Eric agrees with him).
By his own admission Eric is ignorant of the DE cipher and is ignorant
of the cryptographic competence of the author (or authors) of DE.  Yet,
rather than withholding judgment until more information is available,
he makes a strong negative recommendation (and adds an insult).  I
would imagine that, in the opinion of most people, recommendations
based upon ignorance such as this are worthless.
Eric seems to have a burr up his ass regarding either DE or its
author(s).  His misrepresentation (e.g. that the DE cipher is not
public) and lack of logic (e.g. we don't know that X is true therefore
X is false) suggest that there is an emotional basis to his
"recommendation".  Apparently as regards DE Eric is not capable of
anything except smear tactics.  The astute readers of this list are
not likely to be fooled by this.

@_date: 1994-04-17 11:31:37
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: rng, anyone? 
Try xoring the output with a secret value between MD5 hashes.

@_date: 1994-04-17 11:39:35
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: New Remailer 
Well, many people run their remailer from their personal account, but if
you want a special account for your remailer, you'll have to ask your
If you want any help with testing it, I can help, and I'm sure many
others would be willing to as well.
Thanks for running a remailer!

@_date: 1994-04-17 12:07:06
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Key Eater Needed 
How about people just keep their keys, and the signatures, but they
re-sign their own keys every six months or so?  In order to keep their
keys on the keyserver, they must submit a PGP signed message to prove
that they still have that key. If they don't, the key is assumed to be
lost, and it is deleted.

@_date: 1994-04-17 18:41:19
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: IRS vs. privacy 
No, they will have big problems with ANONYMOUS digital cash economies. The IRS loves the current digital cash systems, such as ATM cards,
because they let them spy on your bank account. :) heh.  Maybe we ought to convince phrack to publish this way?

@_date: 1994-04-18 09:28:09
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Mail-to-usenet (was: Which remailers like to handle anon mail?) 
Well, here's my updated list:
group.name at news.demon.co.uk
group.name at news.cs.indiana.edu
group.name at bull.com
group.name at cass.ma02.bull.com
group.name at undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca
group.name at magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu
group.name at ccs.uwo.ca
group.name at julian.uwo.ca
group.name.usenet at decwrl.dec.com
I took out cs.utexas.edu; I've had a lot of trouble with that one losing
posts.  They don't bounce, and they don't get posted, they just
disappear.  After reading a lot of posts on alt.test, I found the ones
listed above.  If you know of any more, send me mail!
Also, you can use charm.magnus.ohio-state.edu, beauty.magnus, top,
bottom... they're quarks!
uwo.ca by itself doesn't work, you must use ccs or julian.
I don't know about these, unless you meant Eric/Sameer's remailer.

@_date: 1994-04-18 18:12:38
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: More mail-to-usenet gateways 
group.name at paris.ics.uci.edu
group.name at cs.dal.ca
group.name at ug.cs.dal.ca
I'm sure there must be many, many more such gateways out there, if you
know of any, send them my way so I can put them in the listing.  If you
think you have one, but aren't sure, try this: post a message to
alt.test via your mail software (configured to your local machine) and

@_date: 1994-04-19 14:09:45
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Remailers 
(with reference to Scott Collins catalyst-remailer):
I think you're missing the point.  He doesn't keep logs so that nobody
can try to force him to reveal someone's identity.  It provides a very
convienient excuse. :)  And it certainly reinforces my trust in the
remailer to protect my anonymnity.
This is the reason that we have tried so hard to get remailers all over
the world.  Unfortunatly, with one exception, all our remailers are in
the United States.  If someone was sending copyrighted material through
my remailer, and the AP got upset about it, they could do a lot to
harass me, as I'm sure they have contacts with people at this
university, since they are a large American-based news agency and have
offices in this area.  If some Albanian or Norweigen government person
started complaining, I could basically tell them to take a hike (or less
idiomatically, ignore them and tell them to go away).  They certainly
aren't going to take a trip across the Atlantic just to come over here
and make trouble for me because of a few politically incorrect messages,
and I doubt they could seriously interest the government here with their
own polticial problems.  This is why I strongly encourage you to set up
a remailer in Norway.  If we can have many remailers distributed
throughout the world, the chances of political pressures threatening the
remailers is diminished.

@_date: 1994-04-19 20:11:19
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Sgt Russell 
And if he was posting via anon.penet.fi, we probably never would have
thought to ask. :)

@_date: 1994-04-20 09:52:01
@_author: Ethan D Schartman 
@_subject: What the heck is this? Optical noise encryption? 
I don't know much about his "optical noise" encryption, but Scientific
American ran an article in the Amatuer Scientist column outlining an
encryption scheme involved much the same ideas.  Their scheme was to
find, and digitize a chaotic source as a carrier signal and then add the
information to the signal. Decryption involved subracting the source
signal from the encoded one.   Information encrypted this way would be
positively unbreakable by anyone without the chaotic source, as the
whole scheme is entirely random. The biggest problem is of course, transmitting the source in a secure
manner.  It is not enough to know the configuration of the generator of
the source, unless you also the _exact_ initial conditions (which are,
of course, impossible).
One solution to this problem might be to use a recursive equation to
generate a source from a small (one-hundred+ digit)  seed, and the
number of iterations necessary to reproduce the source.  The nice thing
about this is that the equation could also be customized, something like: x= (k)(x^2)+a,  where "a" and "k" are constants that may be
altered, thus providing two methods of encryption. This scheme would
also be a solution to the problem of the source being corrupted during
transmission (which would ruin any attempts to use it).  But the
equation and the seed would still have to be transmitted somehow.
Hmmm.... you could openly send the seed and  the encoded information,
and then call the reciever to tell them to convert a given sentence into
decimal equivalent...etc

@_date: 1994-04-20 15:31:35
@_author: Ethan D Schartman 
@_subject: Random number troubles 
It doesn't, I hate it when the press finds some new _esoteric
mathamatical concept that you ORDINARY joes is just too dumb ta'
I especially hate it when the reporter demonstrates his own stupidity by
calling a conjecture like the butterfly effect an axiom >:{
I want to set fire to that butterfly and see what happens to New Yorks weather.
As for the PRNG I wonder if they did something like periodically rotate
the seeds...

@_date: 1994-04-20 15:35:31
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: BEST Inc. 
One that I saw that I liked, and which is particularily appropriate to
cypherpunks was:
"We are NSA of Borg.  Your secret key will be assimiliated."

@_date: 1994-04-25 13:06:59
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: taming the wild pgp 
Couldn't you just modify your remailer to search for the string "BEGIN
PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK" and dump the message if it finds it?  Or will PGP
recognize if even if it doesn't have that header...?
Anyway, PGP puts ID bytes at the beginning of its files, and in
ascii-armor, public keys always begin with mQ and crypted messages begin
with hE or hI.  You could probably just dump the message if the first
line of the ASCII-armoring began with mQ...

@_date: 1994-04-26 15:51:57
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: punknet 
Well, I did something similiar about 3 years ago with a friend.  But we
just laid a wire down on the street one evening, spread roofing tar over
it (the liquid sealant type) and let it dry overnight. :)  If your
street has had many patches/repairs over the years, it's unlikely a
casual observer would notice.  (Those that did notice ours thought it
was pretty creative...)
But anyway, on the radio circuit: Building a radio transceiver isn't too
difficult...but connecting it to your computer could be.  Probably the
easiest thing to do is get a simple analog transciever, and use a
error-correcting modem.  Unfortunately that wouldn't be much better than
doing it over the phone anyway...  But let me know how you're project
works out, I might be interested in doing something similiar.

@_date: 1994-04-26 19:15:44
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Reply to long post by TCMay 
This isn't a technical problem, but I think having some RSA alternatives
would put us in a better position politically.  What sort of systems are
availiable?  (For my own personal inquisitiveness, I have developed some
ideas for systems that might work, but I really can't be sure of their
You mean like DH?  Alternatives to DH?
Well, Karl Barrus has done a lot of work here, but let me restate my
call for more remailers - BTW: Why don't you set up a remailer on your
Netcom account, since you seem to like them so much?
We could do this...  You want to build a DC-Net for the remailers or something?
Yep, the old digicash problem...
We have lots of RNGs...What do you want to DO with them?
Well, we have message pools, but perhaps software to automatically scan
them and pick out messages for you would be helpful...
Your point about the Crypto Toolkit is well-taken, especially in light
of your comment about Mathematica.  We need some sort of universal
interface that everyone can use, that is easy to understand, and have it
be able to work with different mail packages and different systems. Maybe we need some kind of new interpreted (for universal portability)
data-manipulations language, so we can write crypto tools and everyone
could use them on every platform.  Or maybe we just need to write a
cypherpunks mail program, that could automatically handle PGP, anonymous
remailer chainings, and remailer reply protocols.  I know Ian Smith was
working on something like this...
One other potential project - on-the-fly file encryption/decryption for
multi-user unix systems would be a big plus for security (like secure
drive but not for the whole disk).  If a hacker got into you account,
all they'd have is a bunch of encrypted files.  We could set it up to
work with existing accounts so that after you enter your account, you
have to enter a second password to get to your files, preferably by
secure key-exchange protocols.  It's a shame I don't know enuf about
unix to hack it myself. :(

@_date: 1994-04-27 16:39:02
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Schneier's source code 
How long did your original request take?  It could be that they're just
being slow as usual, or you've got them in a tough position and they
don't know what to do.  If the latter, my guess is that they'll delay it
as long as possible, but eventually approve it.  Here's why: if they
deny it, they're setting themselves up as a target for a lawsuit that
they'll likely lose.  If they lose the lawsuit, it will basically be the
end of most crypto regulation.  If they approve it, however, although it
will be a setback, they could claim the power to deny requests in the
future (even though the set precedent makes it less likely that they
I'm curious as to what your plan of action would be if it is denied. Have you asked the EFF or other groups about their willingness to
provide legal funding for this?

@_date: 1994-04-27 16:43:25
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Liberating Schneier's Code? 
Peter Wayner Capstone chips do not use MD5.  The algorithm in question was the
gubmint's Secure Hash Algorythm, which is not the same as MD5.  I don't
think capstone uses SHA anyway...

@_date: 1994-04-27 20:49:49
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: Crypto scripting language 
Well, I don't know anything about peace at BIX.com's crypto scripting
language but according to my manual for Dolphin Encrypt Advanced
Version (a different product from DE) the program supports a script
language.  It's an interpreted language.  It's explained in an 11-page
appendix in the manual.  From a quick perusal:  The script is
contained in a textfile.  You run DE with a command like DE2 and it reads XXX.SCR and interprets the commands.  Apparently the
script language is designed only for use with the Dolphin Encrypt
program itself (so you can't use it to encrypt with DES, etc.).
I don't have much use for scripting crypto applications myself (though
if there were lots of encryption/decryption to be done daily I could
see a use), so I can't post any that I've written for my own use only,
but here's two of the sample scripts from the DEAV disk:
 for testing Dolphin Encrypt
 mod.: 1992-05-02
if not there_are_any C:\TEMP\*.TXT
    output:
    output: There are no C:\TEMP\*.TXT
    encrypt C:\TEMP\*.TXT C:\TEMP\*.ENC /c /b8
    if exit_status = 0
        decrypt C:\TEMP\*.ENC C:\TEMP\*.DEC /b-
        if exit_status = 0
            run DCOMPARE C:\TEMP\*.TXT C:\TEMP\*.DEC
            if exit_status = 0
                output: File comparisons OK
            else
                output: File comparison error!
            endif
        endif
    endif
set escape on                   // Allow termination from script
                                // by pressing the Escape key.
output                          // Print a blank line
decrypt *.ENC *.DEC             // Decrypt the .ENC file(s)
if not successful               // Check if decryption successful.
    output: Decryption error!   // Print message if not.
else                            // Otherwise:
    beep                        // Pause so that user can
    wait: Press a key ...       // verify successful decryption.
    save screen                 // Save the video screen.
    DFR *.DEC                   // View the plaintext files using DFR
    restore screen              // Restore the video screen.
    beep                        // Get the user's attention.
    output                      // output a blank line
    output: Decrypted plaintext files:
    DIR *.DEC /w                // Show decrypted files on disk.
    output                      // output a blank line
    ask: Purge decrypted file(s)?
    if answer = Y
        purge *.DEC /d         // /d means display file names.
        if not successful       // If error occurred
            beep                // attract user's attention
            wait                // and wait for a keypress.
        endif
    endif
    if printer                  // If output redirected to printer
        eject                   // issue a formfeed.
    endif
Lessee now ... for those interested, Dolphin Software's address is
... got it right here ... 48 Shattuck Square  Berkeley, CA 94704.

@_date: 1994-04-29 08:54:00
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Remailers wanted 
David Merriman You can get my list via finger remailer-list at chaos.bsu.edu or by sending
mail to mg5n+remailers at andrew.cmu.edu

@_date: 1994-04-29 22:12:12
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: REMAIL: BSU Remailers and information availability 
BTW: For those who can't use finger, send mail to
mg5n+finger at andrew.cmu.edu, and then put the addresses you want to
finger either in the subject or in the body of the message.  (ie
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, remailer-list at chaos.bsu.edu, etc)
I suppose inserting a little message into all the replies from this
server might be a easy way to get away with a lot of net.advertising. :)
 Putting little sound bites about Clipper, PGP, EFF or whatever might
gain some people's interest, without having to send unsolicited
email/posts like a certain law firm did.  I was thinking of something
like "Oppose Clipper... write to clipper-petition at cpsr.org", but that's
already over with...  oh well, any ideas?

@_date: 1994-08-03 16:03:04
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: Digital Telephony bill, August 1 draft 
FYI.				-- John Gilmore
DRAFT - August 1, 1994
SECTION 1. INTERCEPTING DIGITAL AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS.
Title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding the following new chapter:
"CHAPTER 120 -- TELECOMMUNICATIONS CARRIER ASSISTANCE TO THE GOVERNMENT "Sec. 2601.  Assistance requirements.
"(a)  CAPABILITY REQUIREMENTS. -- Except as provided in subsections (b),
(c) and (d) of this section and subsection (c) of section 2606, a
telecommunications carrier shall ensure that its services or facilities
that provide a customer or subscriber with the ability to originate,
terminate or direct communications have the capability to --
(i) expeditiously isolate and enable the government to intercept, to the
exclusion of any other communications, all wire and electronic
communications carried by the carrier within a service area to or from
equipment, facilities or services of a subscriber of such carrier
concurrent with their transmission to or from the subscriber's service,
facility or equipment or at such later time as may be acceptable to the
(ii) expeditiously isolate and enable the government to access call
identifying information which is reasonably available to the carrier

@_date: 1994-08-10 23:10:38
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: IDEA vs DES 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 7-Aug-94 IDEA vs DES by Phil
Karn at unix.ka9q.ampr PowerPC integer performance is rather impressive, i.e. faster than
Pentium by a bit. One craveat, tho, Apple says "No!" to programming in
assembly, and I doubt that IBM is all this happy about it either. My
guess is that MacOS is approaching the Unix "distribute source, 'cause
you're gonna have to do lots of re-compiles" type of thing. Just a
guess, though. Anyway, there is one assembly interpreter out for
PowerMacs, I don't know about the IBM PowerPCs, though.
Back to lurking,
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-08-18 00:13:14
@_author: quoting John 
@_subject: Are \"they\" really the enemy? (Systems commentary) 
So what do we do?  It seems we've pretty much agreed that governments are beasts beyond anyone's control, but so is _society_.  So is the entire human population.  Where do we start?  If, or based on the words of many on this list, we tear down the government, will we understand the resultant human-made system any better?
("human-made" system:  is government some other kind? Is society made up of an entire population of beasts?)
System-makers typically expect automatic processes to determine the character of the whole, and the operations themselves become the purpose for which the system exists.  The humans who act within the system are reduced to accessories, becoming secondary in importance to the organizational requirements of maintaining & perpetuating the outcome  -  which by then becomes moot, as everyone's concentration is focused upon the details of the procedures.
When a system is designed to organize human behavior (as in "governing" it) it has the inherent mistake of being based on the presumption of complete knowledge of human nature (yet who agrees on what that comprises).  Anyone who is circumscribed by the system created is held within its confines, is judged by its borders and by its limits upon their decisions.  If someone wants to try out an idea or method which does not fall within the allowances set up within it, they must first go outside of the system to have the freedom to act according to the new idea.  They must take up the responsibility which would otherwise have been distributed and shared with others.  They also take outside of the system the effects which might have affected those within it.
No one is going to be agreeable to participating in a venture in which they do not have some confidence about the reward; in a ready-made system if someone has become dependent upon the security it provides, they are going to be even less willing to give up the comfort of pre-determined decisions and predictable outcomes.  Then there will be seen less of reason and more of unimaginative automaticity.
In a non-political system or manner of existence (not designed to rule over human nature per se), individuals have to rely upon their own abilities, upon the development of their own judgement, rather than upon the "governance" of their behavior by strangers.  This doesn't mean that there could be no systems in existence at all; there are still business enterprises which call upon the coordination of efforts towards a specific goal.  But this does not obligate that they take on the quality of a "perpetual picnic".  The more that individuals look at systems as relative to the accomplishment of particular, specific goals, the less they will look to them as the means to accomplish the re-shaping of mankind (i.e. the morality of the neighbors).  Such systems actually could accomplish a "re-shaping" of some individuals, but as an accessory contingent event, simply from the fact of those involved having discovered a means of achieving some personal command over Trying to understand the system (whose system?) is really putting the cart before the horse (first you need a problem, to which the system is the solution).  Trying to understand all of human nature is a Major Enterprise.  It's much more managable to set up small systems based upon the control of those who have cause to set one up, who are interested & willing to participate, than trying to set up an all-encompassing system which includes even unrully, ungrateful beasts with an attitude.

@_date: 1994-12-05 08:11:08
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: public accounts / PGP / passphrases 
On CD-ROM, or on removeable media which *you* control access.
What's the matter with running a serial cable from your laptop to the DEC?

@_date: 1994-02-01 16:50:47
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Archiving on inet 
Wow, this usenet copyright issue has touched off a pretty heated debate.  Let me just make a few points:
In most usenet areas, there are no limitations on who may receive the
group.  By posting to such an area, you imply that you intend your post
to be received by an unrestricted audience.  This, of course, includes
the possibility that some readers of the newsfeed will be reading it in
a time-delayed manner, such as a dialup newsfeed over slip, uucp, or
other protocol.  A CD-ROM is just another form of delayed newsfeed.
There are many areas availiable where restrictions are placed upon who
may receive the feed.  Many mailing lists, such as extropians, have this
policy.  Anyone receiving that list agrees that they will not
redistribute the messages, and that includes selling CD-ROMs.  If you
have something which you would like to limit the distribution of, there
are many forums availiable where the readers consent that they will
abide by such a policy.  The general readers of usenet have not
consented to any such agreement.
What offends me is that some hypocritical people would send a message to
an area that they know is public domain, and then complain that they
didn't want their message distributed.  When you post, you should decide
weather or not you want it public domain.  But don't complain if you
change your mind after the fact.
I reccomend that everyone who is concerned about the distribution of
some document that you wrote, (ie research paper, commentary, etc) post
a message in a public forum giving a brief overview, and then state that
it is copyrighted, and that anyone who agrees to respect your terms of
non-distribution should send you email and that you will send them a
copy.  This also allows you to place an expiration time limit on it, so
that someone won't find it reading outdated usenet news.
To continue Lefty's cable TV analogy:  A cable TV company can charge you
a fee for assisting you in receiving a publicly availiable signal. However, they do not have copyright on that signal - they can't stop you
from buying your own antenna, nor can they stop a competing cable
company (if the municipality allows it).  The cable company is selling
you their assistance in receiving a publicly availiable signal.  They do
not own that signal or the copyright to it.  They are merely a common
carrier of the communication.  In the same way, internet service
companies like netcom are merely providing a service which aids you in
receiving a publicly availiable signal.  Selling the netnews feed either
on a CD-ROM is no different.  They are not selling the posts - they are
selling their communications services which allow you to receive it. They have no copyright on the posts.  They are NOT SELLING COPYRIGHTED
MATERIAL - they are SELLING A COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE.
If a TV station was to take the broadcast of a competing station, add
their own commercials etc, and rebroadcasts it, then we have copyright
infringement.  They are taking someone else's material and using it for
their own benefit - here we have copyright infringement.  The cable
company does not do this - they are simply distributing the signal
unaltered, commercial advertisements and all.  In the same way, if
someone is selling complete, unaltered archives of usenet, it is a
communication service.  If they're taking posts, modifying for their own
purposes, and selling at a profit, we have the possibility of copyright
infringement.  I hope you all understand the difference.

@_date: 1994-02-02 23:41:05
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Commodity Jurisdiction success for Kerberos Bones! 
(            )				United States Department of State
( State Dept )				Bureau of Politico-Military Affairs
(    Logo    )				Office of Defense Trade Controls
(            )
In reply refer to			   Feb  1 1994
OTDC Case:  CJ-012-94
YOUR LETTER DATED:   January 13, 1994
REQUEST FOR COMMODITY JURISDICTION FOR:  "Kerberos 900104
bones.tar.Z patchlevel 6" software program
This commodity jurisdiction (CJ) request was referred to the Departments of Commerce and Defense for their review and
recommendations.  As a result, the Department of State has
determined that the referenced commodity falls under the licensing jurisdiction of the Department of Commerce.  Please consult that
agency's Office of Technology and Policy Analysis at (202) 482-4145
to determine their requirements prior to export.
Should you require further assistance on this matter, please contact
Maj. Gary Oncale at (703) 875-5655.
John Gilmore
Cygnus Support
1937 Landings Drive
Mt. View, CA 94043
Now, what does it mean that we got a Commodity Jurisdiction for the
Kerberos Bones?
It means that the State Department has formally excused itself from
worrying about us exporting the Bones.  If the Commerce Department lets
us do it, it's fine with the State Department.  Exporting the Bones
will not violate the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR).
(Doing so might still violate other laws -- the State Dept has
expressed no opinion on that.)
This is no surprise, since the Kerberos Bones were deliberately
emasculated to remove anything that might cause the State Department or
the NSA to get upset.  The letter just confirms that that effort was a
I will do a formal check with the Commerce Department, as suggested in
the State Department letter.  My current understanding is that under
Commerce rules (the Export Administration Act), publicly available
software can be exported to any destination.
In particular, I believe this means that there's nothing to fear from
putting up the Bones for ordinary FTP.  (There's a serious First
Amendment issue being debated, over whether export control laws can
prevent you from publishing software via FTP at all -- but even the
most paranoid should now figure it's not an issue for the Bones.)
I encourage people and companies who are interested in export issues
to submit a commodity jurisdiction request for some software that you
want to export, and go through the process.  In public.  The State
Department and NSA don't publish their guidelines for what is exportable
and what isn't, so the only way we-the-public are going to find out
is by asking, and then telling each other.
I've set up an FTP archive of such information on
ftp://ftp.cygnus.com/pub/export.  It includes `cjr.kit', which is the
info you need to file your own CJ Requests, and three files regarding
Commerce Department licensing.  `commerce.gtda.license.faq' in
particular is a FAQ from the Commerce Department about when the General
license for Technical Data to All destinations lets you export without
any paperwork.

@_date: 1994-02-03 08:54:43
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Canadian gov't eavesdropping 
Eli Brandt   sent the the following to cypherpunks:
VERY feasible.  The US government has had this technology for several
years; the Canadians are just catching up.  In the late 80s the US
military launched a satellite to spy on the Russians.  The satellite was
programmed to scan radio transmissions - especially cellular phones -
searching for key words which might be related to military or government
activities.  It seems a few communist party members got a little too
confortable with their cellular phones in their limosuines, and spoke
very loosely about some secret government projects...
They have mentioned this in the series "Space Age" which airs
periodically on PBS.

@_date: 1994-02-03 09:09:43
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: contemplating remailer postage 
How about this: Issue numbered stamps sequentially.  Encrypt them and add a
cryptographic checksum to each stamp.  You then create a database such
that one bit of data corresponds to one stamp.  With a mere 64K
database, you could issue and keep track of 524288 postage stamps.  That
ought to last you a few years.  (At 100 letters a day, it would last
over 14 years.  Most cypherpunk remailers get considerably less than 100
emails a day.)

@_date: 1994-02-03 12:24:46
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: New remailer up. 
"Jon 'Iain' Boone" Ah, yes, but if you were a skilled machine lanugage hacker you could use
a dissassembler to patch the code while it was in RAM.  Very difficult
to do, but also very difficult to detect.  In theory, if you could steal
their kernal (or had a similiar one) and you compiled it on your own Sun
station, you could could probably isolate the routines you needed to
patch, write a program to locate the processes running on root, scan
memory looking for that subroutine, and then let you insert your own. The Netcom folks would have to look pretty hard to catch on to that type
of attack...and if they rebooted - poof! - the evidence disappears!  :)
It's certainly more than $20 worth of work tho...  and you'd still have
to find a way to get to root (or at least grab control of the cpu chip
for a few microseconds).
What kind of cpu do Suns use anyway?  (I've never used a sun before, and
I don't know much about them.)  I know NeXT used the 680x0...  What
about DEC?
(I'm just a PC user type showing my ignorace about other systems. :-)

@_date: 1994-02-03 15:14:49
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: No Subject 
AA04063; Thu, 3 Feb 94 12:51:55 PST
Wow, look, someone at Stanford figured out how to use port 25!
I hope that's a new anonymous remailer that you're testing there... :)

@_date: 1994-02-04 11:29:55
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Running regularly 
I tried this on the system here, but it killed off the process when I
logged off.
As for starting too many processes, just don't start them...  leave it
as one single process that just repeats itself indefinently with sleeps
in between.

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:38
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: clipper_q-and-a.txt 
Embargoed until 3:00 p.m. EST Feb. 4, 1994
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
CLINTON ADMINISTRATION'S ENCRYPTION POLICY
Q. 	What were the findings of the encryption technology review?
A. 	The review confirmed that sound encryption technology is needed to help ensure that digital information in both computer and telecommunications systems is protected against unauthorized disclosure or tampering. It also verified the importance of preserving the ability of law enforcement to understand encrypted communications when conducting authorized wiretaps. Key escrow technology meets these objectives.
Specific decisions were made to enable federal agencies and the private sector to use the key escrow technology on a voluntary basis and to allow the export of key escrow encryption products.
In addition, the Department of State will streamline export licensing procedures for products that can be exported under current regulations in order to help U.S. companies to sell their products abroad.
To meet the critical need for ways to verify the author and sender of an electronic message -- something that is crucial to business applications for the National Information Infrastructure -- the federal government is committed to ensuring the availability of a royalty-free, public-domain Digital Signature Standard.
Finally, an interagency working group has been established to continue to address these issues and to maintain a dialogue with industry and public interest groups.
Q. 	 Who has been consulted during this review? The Congress? Industry? What mechanism is there for continuing consultation?
A.	 Following the President's directive announced on April 16, 1993, extensive discussions have been held with Congress, industry, and privacy rights groups on encryption issues. Formal public comment was solicited on the Escrowed Encryption Standard and on a wide variety of issues related to the review through the Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory Board.
The White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and the National Security Council will chair the interagency working group. The group will seek input from the private sector both informally and through several existing advisory committees. It also will work closely with the Information Policy Committee of the Information Infrastructure Task Force, which is responsible for coordinating Administration telecommunications and information Q. 	If national security and law enforcement interests require continued export controls of encryption, what specific benefits can U.S. encryption manufacturers expect?
A.	The reforms will simplify encryption product export licensing and speed the review of encryption product exports. Among other benefits, manufacturers should see expedited delivery of products, reduced shipping and reporting costs, and fewer individual license requests -- especially for small businesses that cannot afford international distributors. A personal exemption for business travellers using encryption products will eliminate delays and inconvenience when they want to take encryption products out of the U.S. temporarily.
Q.	Why is the key escrow standard being adopted?
A.	The key escrow mechanism will provide Americans and government agencies with encryption products that are more secure, more convenient, and less expensive than others readily available today -- while at the same time meeting the legitimate needs of law enforcement.
Q. 	Will the standard be mandatory?
A. 	No. The Administration has repeatedly stressed that the key escrow technology, and this standard, is for voluntary use by federal and other government agencies and by the private sector. The standard that is being issued only applies to federal agencies

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:39
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: doj_escrow_intercept.procedures 
U.S. Department of Justice
Washington, D.C. 20530
February 4, 1994
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS         IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO TITLE III
The following are the procedures for the release of escrowed key components in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures cover all electronic surveillance conducted pursuant to Title III of the Omnibus crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as amended (Title III), Title 18, United States Code, Section 2510 et seq.
interception of wire and/or electronic communications.
shall contain provisions authorizing after-the-fact minimization, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2518(5), permitting the interception and retention of coded communications, including encrypted during the course of any lawfully authorized interception that communications encrypted with a key escrow encryption method are being utilized, they may obtain a certification from the investigative agency conducting the investigation, or the Attorney General of the United States or designee thereof. Such certification shall
authority conducting the interception and the person providing the certification; obtained to conduct electronic surveillance regarding these communications; interception has been authorized; of specification the source of the authorization;
authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption encryption chip providing such encryption; and
decryption device that will be used by the law enforcement agency or other authority for decryption of the intercepted certification to each of the designated key component escrow agents. If the certification has been provided by an investigative agency, as soon thereafter as practicable, an attorney associated with the United States Attorney's Office supervising the investigation shall provide each of the key component escrow agents with written confirmation of the certification.
investigative agency, each key component escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the requesting agency. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
copy of the certification of the requesting agency, as well as the subsequent confirmation of the United States Attorney's Office. In addition, the requesting agency shall retain a copy of the certification and provide copies to the following for retention in accordance with normal record keeping requirements:
investigation, and
surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the requesting agency to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and the requesting agency may not retain the key electronic surveillance in cases for which escrowed key components have been released;
escrow encryption chip are being used only by an investigative agency authorized to conduct electronic surveillance of communications encrypted with that chip; and electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the requesting agency to decrypt intercepted communications is States Courts pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 2519(2), the Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division shall, with respect to any order for authorized electronic surveillance for which escrowed encryption components were released and used for decryption, specifically note that fact.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.
U.S. Department of Justice
Washington, D.C. 20530
February 4, 1994
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS
    IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO STATE STATUTES
Key component escrow agents may only release escrowed key components to law enforcement or prosecutorial authorities for use in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures apply to the release of key components to State and local law enforcement or prosecutorial authorities for use in conjunction with interceptions conducted pursuant to relevant State statutes authorizing electronic surveillance, and Title III of the Omnibus crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as amended, Title 18, United States Code, Section 2510 et seq.
authority must be conducting an interception of wire and/or electronic communications pursuant to lawful authorization.
submitted to the key component escrow agents by the principal prosecuting attorney of the State, or of a political subdivision thereof, responsible for the lawfully authorized electronic political subdivision of such State shall submit with the request for escrowed key components a certification that shall
authority conducting the interception and the prosecuting attorney responsible therefor; interception has been obtained to conduct electronic surveillance regarding these communications; interception has been authorize;
of specification the source of the authorization;
authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption chip providing such encryption; and decryption device that will be used by the law enforcement agency or other authority for decryption of the intercepted prosecuting attorney of that State or political subdivision to each of the designated key component escrow agents.
prosecuting attorney of the State or political subdivision, each key component escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the intercepting State or local law enforcement agency or other authority. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
copy of the certification of the principal prosecuting attorney of the State or political subdivision. In addition, such prosecuting attorney shall provide a copy of the certification to the Department of Justice, for retention in accordance with normal record keeping requirements.
surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the intercepting law enforcement agency or other authority to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and the intercepting law enforcement agency or other authority may not retain the key inquiry to
electronic surveillance in cases for which escrowed key components have been released;
escrow encryption chip are being used only by an investigative agency authorized to conduct electronic surveillance of communications encrypted with that chip; and
electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the requesting agency to decrypt intercepted communications is States Courts pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 2519(2), the principal prosecuting attorney of a State or of a political subdivision of a State may, with respect to any order for authorized electronic surveillance for which escrowed encryption components were released and used for decryption, desire to note that fact.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.
U.S. Department of Justice
Washington D.C. 20530
February 4, 1994
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS
         IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO FISA
The following are the procedures for the release of escrowed key components in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures cover all electronic surveillance conducted pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), Pub. L. 95-511, which appears at Title 50, U.S. Code, Section 1801 et interception of wire and/or electronic communications.
course of any lawfully authorized interception that communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method are being utilized, they may obtain a certification from an agency authorized to participate in the conduct of the interception, or from the Attorney General of the United States or designee thereof. Such certification shall
the interception and the person providing the certification;
interception has been authorized;
of specification the source of the authorization;
authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption encryption chip providing such encryption; and
decryption device that will be used by the agency participating in the conduct of the interception for decryption of the intercepted designated key component escrow agents. If the certification has been provided by an agency authorized to participate in the conduct of the interception, a copy shall be provided to the Department of Justice, Office of Intelligence Policy and Review. As soon as possible, an attorney associated with that office shall provide each of the key component escrow agents with written confirmation of the certification.
escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the agency participating in the conduct of the interception. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
copy of the certification, as well as the subsequent written confirmation of the Department of Justice, Office of Intelligence Policy and Review.
surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the agency participating in the conduct of the interception to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and such agency may not retain the key components.
electronic surveillance in cases for which escrowed key components have been released;
escrow encryption chip are being used only by an agency authorized to participate in the conduct of the interception of communications encrypted with that chip; and electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the agency participating in the conduct of the interception to decrypt intercepted communications is terminated.
Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, pursuant to Section 108 of FISA, shall, with respect to any order for authorized electronic surveillance for which escrowed encryption components were released and used for decryption, specifically note that fact.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:40
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: gore_crypto.statement 
THE WHITE HOUSE
OFFICE OF THE VICE PRESIDENT
EMBARGOED UNTIL, 3: 00 PM EST             CONTACT: 202/456-7035 February 4, 1994
STATEMENT OF THE VICE PRESIDENT
Today's announcements on encryption represent important steps in the implementation of the Administration's policy on this critical issue. Our policy is designed to provide better encryption to individuals and businesses while ensuring that the needs of law enforcement and national security are met.
Encryption is a law and order issue since it can be used by criminals to thwart wiretaps and avoid detection and prosecution. It also has huge strategic value. Encryption technology and cryptoanalysis turned the tide in the Pacific and elsewhere during World War II.
[end of statement]

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:41
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: interagency_workgroup.notice 
Feb. 4, 1994
WORKING GROUP ON DATA SECURITY
The Administration has created a new interagency working on data security to deal with issues like encryption and digital telephony. This group will be chaired by the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and the National Security Council and will include representatives of the agencies that have participated in Presidential Review Directive 27, which called for a comprehensive review of the impact of encryption technology and advanced digital telecomrnunications systems. Agencies participating in the new working group include the Office of Management and Budget, FBI, Department of Justice, Department of Comrnerce, National Security Agency, the Department of Treasury, and the Department of State. The group will work closely with the Inforrnation Comrnittee of the Information Infrastructure Task Force, which is responsible for coordinating Administration telecommunications and inforrnation policy. It will seek input from the private sector both informally and through groups like the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee and the U.S. Advisory Committee on the National Information The working group will develop and irnplement Administration policies on encryption. Advanced encryption technology can provide better privacy protection for individuals, but can also thwart efforts by law enforcement agencies to use wiretaps to catch and prosecute criminals. The working group will attempt to reconcile the need of privacy and the needs of law enforcement. Last April, the Administration announced development of the Clipper chip, a new computer chip designed to provide better telecomrnunications security without compromising the ability of law enforcement to do wiretaps. The working group will work with industry to develop and apply technologies like the Clipper Chip, to evaluate possible alternatives to the Clipper Chip, and to review and refine Administration policies regarding encryption as developments In addition, the working group will coordinate Administration policies regarding digital telephony. As more and more telephone companies install high-speed, digital communications links, it becomes more and more difficult for law enforcement agencies to conduct wiretaps. The working group will work with industry to ensure that new digital telecommunications systems are designed in a way that ensures that do not prevent courtauthorized wiretaps.
For more information on the interagency working group, contact Matt Heymann at NIST Public Affairs (301/975-2758), Mike Nelson at OSTP (202/395-6175), or Ray Mislock at NSC (202/395-4614).

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:41
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: harris.statement 
United States Department of State
Washington, D.C. 20520
EMBARGOED FOR RELEASE, 3:00 PM EST, FEB. 4, 1994
Statement of
Dr. Martha Harris
Deputy Assistant Secretary of State
for Political-Military Affairs
February 4, 1994
Encryption -- Export Control Reform
The Secretary of State is announcing today measures arising from the Administration's decision to reform export control procedures applicable to products incorporating encryption technology. These reforms are part of the Administration's effort to eliminate unnecessary controls and ensure efficient implementation. The reforms will simplify encryption product export licensing and speed the review of encryption product exports, thus helping U.S. manufacturers to compete more effectively in the global market. While there will be no changes in the types of equipment controlled by the Munitions List, we are announcing measures to expedite licensing.
Last year the President announced an initiative to encourage U.S. manufacturers and users of encryption to take advantage of a government technology (the key-escrow chip) that provides excellent security while ensuring that the Government has a means to decode the encryption when lawfully authorized, such as when executing a court-authorized warrant in connection with a criminal investigation. At the time he announced this initiative, the President directed a comprehensive review of U.S. policy regarding domestic use and export of encryption technology. The reforms we are announcing today result from that review.
The President has determined that vital U.S. national security and law enforcement interests compel maintaining appropriate control of encryption. Still, there is much that can be done to reform existing controls to ensure that they are efficiently implemented and to maintain U.S. leadership in the world market for encryption technology. Accordingly, the President has asked the Secretary of State to take immediate action to implement a number of procedural reforms. The reforms are:
* License Reform: Under new licensing arrangements, encryption manufacturers will be able to ship their products from the United States directly to customers within approved regions without obtaining individual licenses for each end user. This will improve the ability of our manufacturers to provide expedited delivery of products, and to reduce shipping and tracking costs. It should also reduce the number of individual license requests, especially for small businesses that cannot afford international * Rapid review of export license applications: A significant number of encryption export license applications can be reviewed more quickly. For such exports, we have set a license turnaround goal of two working days.
* Personal use exemption: We will no longer require that U.S. citizens obtain an export license prior to taking encryption products out of the U.S. temporarily for their own personal use. In the past, this requirement caused delays and inconvenience for business travellers.
* Allow exports of key-escrow encryption: After initial review, key-escrow encryption products may now be exported to most end users. Additionally, key-escrow products will qualify for special licensing arrangements.
These reforms should have the effect of minimizing the impact of export controls on U.S. industry. The Department of State will take all appropriate actions to ensure that these reforms are implemented as quickly as possible. The Secretary of State asks that encryption product manufacturers evaluate the impact of these reforms over the next year and provide feedback both on how the reforms have worked out and on recommendations for additional procedural reforms.
The contact point for further information on these reforms is Rose Biancaniello, Office of Defense Trade Controls, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, (703) 875-6644.

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:42
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: reno_key_escrow.statement 
Department of Justice
EMBARGOED FOR 3 P.M. RELEASE                                   AG FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1994                           (202) 616-2771
ATTORNEY GENERAL MAKES KEY ESCROW ENCRYPTION ANNOUNCEMENTS
Attorney General Janet Reno today announced selection of the two U.S. Government entities that will hold the escrowed key components for encryption using the key escrow encryption method. At the same time, the Attorney General made public procedures under which encryption key components will be released to government agencies for decrypting communications subject to lawful wiretaps.
Key Escrow Encryption (formerly referred to as Clipper Chip ) strikes an excellent balance between protection of communications privacy and protection of society. It permits the use in commercial telecommunications products of chips that provide extremely strong encryption, but can be decrypted, when necessary, by government agencies conducting legally authorized wiretaps. Decryption is accomplished by use of keys--80-bit binary numbers--
that are unique to each individual encryption chip. Each unique key is in turn split into two components, which must be recombined in order to decrypt communications. Knowing one component does not make decryption any more feasible than not knowing either one.
The two escrow agents are the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), a part of the Department of Commerce, and the Automated Systems Division of the Department of the Treasury. The two escrow agents were chosen because of their abilities to safeguard sensitive information, while at the same time being able to respond in a timely fashion when wiretaps encounter encrypted communications. In addition, NIST is responsible for establishing standards for protection of sensitive, unclassified information in Federal computer systems.
The escrow agents will act under strict procedures, which are being made public today, that will ensure the security of the key components and govern their release for use in conjunction with lawful wiretaps. They will be responsible for holding the key components: for each chip, one agent will hold one of the key components, and the second agent will hold the other. Neither will release a key component, except to a government agency with a requirement to obtain it in connection with a lawfully authorized wiretap. The system does not change the rules under which government agencies are authorized to conduct wiretaps.
When an authorized government agency encounters suspected key-
escrow encryption, a written request will have to be submitted to the two escrow agents. The request will, among other things, have to identify the responsible agency and the individuals involved; certify that the agency is involved in a lawfully authorized wiretap; specify the wiretap's source of authorization and its duration; and specify the serial number of the key-escrow encryption chip being used. In every case, an attorney involved in the investigation will have to provide the escrow agents assurance that a validly authorized wiretap is being conducted.
Upon receipt of a proper request, the escrow agents will transmit their respective key components to the appropriate agency. The components will be combined within a decrypt device, which only then will be able to decrypt communications protected by key-
escrow encryption. When the wiretap authorization ends, the device s ability to decrypt communications using that particular chip will also be ended.
The Department of Justice will, at the various stages of the process, take steps to monitor compliance with the procedures.

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:44
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: wh_press_secy.statement 
THE WHITE HOUSE                                 CONTACT: 202 156-7035
OFFlCE OF THE PRESS SECRETARY
EMBARGOED UNTIL 3 PM (EST) FRIDAY, February 4, 1994
STATEMENT OF THE PRESS SECRETARY
Last April, the Administration announced a comprehensive interagency review of encryption technology, to be overseen by the National Security Council. Today, the Administration is taking a number of steps to implement the recommendations resulting from that review.
Advanced encryption technology offers individuals and businesses an inexpensive and easy way to encode data and telephone conversations. Unfortunately, the same encryption technology that can help Americans protect business secrets and personal privacy can also be used by terrorists, drug dealers, and other criminals.
In the past, Federal policies on encryption have reflected primarily the needs of law enforcement and national security. The Clinton Administration has sought to balance these needs with the needs of businesses and individuals for security and privacy. That is why, today the National Institute of Standards ant Technology (NIST) is committing to ensure a royalty-free, public-domain Digital Signature Standard. Over many years, NIST has been developing digital signature technology that would provide a way to verify the author and sender of an electronic message. Such technology will be critical for a wide range of business applications for the National Information Infrastructure. A digital signature standard will enable individuals to transact business electronically rather than having to exchange signed paper contracts. The Administration has determined that such technology should not be subject to private royalty payments, and it will be taking steps to ensure that royalties are not required for use of a digital signature. Had digital signatures been in widespread use, the recent security problems with the Intemet would have been avoided.
Last April, the Administration released the Key Escrow chip (also known as the "Clipper Chip") that would provide Americans with secure telecommunications without compromising the ability of law enforcement agencies to carry out legally authorized wiretaps. Today, the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are taking steps to enable the use of such technology both in the U.S. and overseas. At the same time, the Administration is announcing its intent to work with industry to develop other key escrow products that might better meet the needs of individuals and industry, particularly the American computer and telecommunications industry. Specific steps being announced today include:
-  Approval by the Commerce Secretary of the Escrowed Encryption        Standard (EES) as a voluntary Federal Informahon Processing       Standard, which will enable govemment gencies to purchase the     Key Escrow chip for use with telephones nd modems. The    department's National Institute of Standards and Technology      (NIST) will publish the standard.
-  Publication by the Department of Justice of procedurs for the        release of escrowed keys and the announcement of NIST and the    Automated Services Division of the Treasury Department as the    escrow agents that will store the keys needed for decryption of    communications using the Key Escrow chip. Nothing in these    procedures will diminish tne existing legal and procedural    requirements that protect Americans from unauthorized wiretaps.
-  New procedures to allow export of products containing the Key    Escrow chip to most countries.
In addition, the Department of State will streamline export licensing procedures for encryption products that can be exported under current export regulations in order to help American companies sell their products overseas. In the past, it could take weeks for a company to obtain an export license for encryption products, and each shipment might require a separate license. The new procedures announced today will substantially reduce administrative delays and paperwork for encryption exports.
To implement the Administration's encryption policy, an interagency Working Group on Encryption and Telecommunications has been established. It will be chaired by the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and the National Security Council and will include representatives of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, State, and Treasury as well as the FBI, the National Security Agency, the Office of Management and Budget, and the National Economic Council. This group will work with industry and public-interest groups to develop new encryption technologies and to review and refine Administration policies regarding encryption, as needed.
The Administration is expanding its efforts to work with industry to improve on the Key Escrow chip, to develop key-escrow software, and to examine alternatives to the Key Escrow chip. NIST will lead these efforts and will request additional staff and resources for this We understand that many in industry would like to see all encryption products exportable. However, if encryption technology is made freely available worldwide, it would no doubt be usod extensively by terrorists, drug dealers, and other criminals to harm Americans both in the U.S. and abroad. For this reason, the Administration will continue to restrict export of the most sophisticated encryption devices, both to preserve our own foreign intelligence gathering capability and because of the concerns of our allies who fear that strong encryption technology would inhibit their law enforcement capabilities.
At the same time, the Administration understands the benefits that encryption and related technologies can provide to users of computers and telecommunications networks. Indeed, many of the applications of the evolving National Information Infrastructure will require some form of encryption. That is why the Administration plans to work more closely with the private sector to develop new forms of encryption that can protect privacy and corporate secrets without undermining the ability of law-enforcement agencies to conduct legally authorized wiretaps. That is also why the Administration is committed to make available free of charge a Digital Signature Standard.
The Administration believes that the steps being announced today will help provide Americans with the telecommunications security they need without compromising the capability of law enforcement agencies and national intelligence agencies. Today, any American can purchase and use any type of encryption product. The Administration does not intend to change that policy. Nor do we have any intention of restrictiog domestic encryption or mandating the use of a particular technology.

@_date: 1994-02-04 19:01:34
@_author: Stanton McCandlish 
@_subject: Alert--Admin. names escrow agents, no compromise on Clipper - 7 files 
EFF Press Release            04/04/94             * DISTRIBUTE WIDELY *
At two briefings, Feb. 4, 1994, the Clinton Administration and various
agencies gave statements before a Congressional committee, and later
representatives of civil liberties organizations, industry spokespersons
and privacy advocates.  The Electronic Frontier Foundation's position,
based on what we have seen and heard from the Administration today, is
that the White House is set on a course that pursues Cold War national
security and law enforcement interests to the detriment of individual
privacy and civil liberties.
The news is grim.  The Administration is:
 * not backing down on Clipper
 * not backing down on key escrow
 * not backing down on selection of escrow agents
 * already adamant on escrowed key access procedures
 * not willing to elminate ITAR restrictions
 * hiding behind exaggerated threats of "drug dealers" and "terrorists"
The material released to the industry and advocacy version of the briefing
have been placed online at ftp.eff.org (long before their online
availability from goverment access sites, one might add).  See below for
specific details.
No information regarding the Congressional committee version of the briefing
has been announced.  EFF Director Jerry Berman, who attended the private
sector meeting, reported the following:
"The White House and other officials briefed industry on its Clipper chip
and encryption review. While the review is not yet complete, they have
reached several policy conclusions.  First, Clipper will be proposed as
a new Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) next Wednesday. [Feb.
9]  It will be "vountary" for government agencies and the private sector
to use. They are actively asking other vendors to jump in to make the
market a Clipper market. Export licensing processes will be speeded up but
export restrictions will not be lifted in the interests of national
security. The reason was stated bluntly at the briefing : to frustrate
competition with clipper by other powerful encryption schemes by making
them  difficult to market, and to "prevent" strong encryption from leaving
the country thus supposedly making the job of law enforcement and
intelligence more difficult.  Again in the interest of national security. Of
course, Clipper will be exportable but they would not comment on how other
governments will view this.  Treasury and NIST will be the escrow agents
and Justice asserted that there was no necessity for legislation to
implement the escrow procedures.
"I asked if there would be a report to explain the rationale for choosing
these results - we have no explanation of the Administration's thinking, or
any brief in support of the results. They replied that there would be no
report because they have been unable to write one, due to the complexity of
the issue.
"One Administation spokesperson said this was the Bosnia of
Telecommunications. I asked, if this was so, how, in the absense of some
policy explanation, could we know if our policy here will be as successful
as our policy in Bosnia?"
The announcements, authorization procedures for release of escrowed keys,
and q-and-a documents from the private sector briefing are online at EFF.
They are:
"Statement of the [White House] Press Secretary" [White House]
"Statement of the Vice President" [very short - WH]
"Attorney General Makes Key Escrow Encryption Announcements" [Dept. of Just.]
"Authorization Procedures for Release pf Emcryption Key Components in
Conjunction with Intercepts Pursuant to Title III/State Statutes/FISA"
[3 docs. in one file - DoJ]
"Working Group on Data Security" [WH]
"Statement of Dr. Martha Harris Dep. Asst. Secy. of State for Polit.-Mil.
Affairs: Encryption - Export Control Reform" [Dept. of State]
"Questions and Answers about the Clinton Administration's Encryption Policy" [WH]
These files are available via anonymous ftp, or via WWW at:
 in the "EFF ftp site" menu off the front page.
Gopher access:
Look in "EFF Files"/"Papers and Testimony"/"Crypto"
All 7 of these documents will be posted widely on the net immediately
following this notice.

@_date: 1994-02-05 12:25:41
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Info on anonymous remailers 
I am pleased to report on the performance of our two newest remailers,
qwerty at netcom.com and nate at vis.colostate.edu.  Both remailers had a very
good response time.
Here are the latest ping-times:
Ping messages sent at Thu, 3 Feb 1994 17:49:24 -0500 (EST).
Replies received:
nobody at shell.portal.com          17:50:19 (+0:00:55)
nobody at vangogh.VIS.ColoState.EDU 17:50:29 (+0:01:05)
nobody at rosebud.ee.uh.edu         17:50:31 (+0:01:07)
qwerty-remailer at netcom.com       17:50:33 (+0:01:09)
catalyst-remailer at netcom.com     17:50:33 (+0:01:09)
nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu           17:50:40 (+0:01:16)
remailer-admin at chaos.bsu.edu     17:50:48 (+0:01:24)
nobody at pmantis.berkeley.edu      17:51:08 (+0:01:44)
nobody at soda.berkeley.edu         17:51:26 (+0:02:02)
remailer at dis.org                 18:27:51 (+0:38:27)
nobody at cicada.berkeley.edu       18:28:05 (+0:38:41)
nobody at jarthur.Claremont.EDU     20:54:25 (+3:05:01)
The addresses of the above remailers are:
hfinney at shell.portal.com
catalyst at netcom.com
elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu
nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu
remailer at chaos.bsu.edu
hh at cicada.berkeley.edu
hh at pmantis.berkeley.edu
hh at soda.berkeley.edu
ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu
remailer at merde.dis.org
qwerty at netcom.com
nate at vis.colostate.edu
This test did not include any of the special-purpose anonymous
remailers.  For a complete list of remailers, send mail to
mg5n+remailers at andrew.cmu.edu.  You will receive an automated reply.

@_date: 1994-02-06 18:51:08
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: FOR Xenon (what's his email?) 
I thought it was na48138 ... ???
That's what it said on your earlier posts.

@_date: 1994-02-07 10:46:24
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Yep...  but if the Atlantis Project succeeds, I would probably move
there, assuming I could find a good source of income...

@_date: 1994-02-07 13:36:29
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Atlantis Project/Oceania 
Since the subject came up, I'll explain it to those of you who hadn't
heard of the Atlantis Project:
The Atlantis Project is a group in Las Vegas which is trying to build a
floating city in the Caribbean sea.  Their new city would be an
independant nation called Oceania.  The country would have a limited
government, and their constitution outlines many specific rights given
to the people, among them, the right to use cryptography.  You can email
them at oceania at world.std.com and ask for more info.

@_date: 1994-02-07 15:10:49
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Newspaper coverage of Administration encryption announcements 
The Washington Post, the New York Times, and the Wall Street Journal have
all published stories over the last three days concerning the
Administration's announcement on Friday, Feb. 5, 1994, that it will
continue to deploy the controversial "Clipper Chip" encryption technology
and will not significantly change its export controls.
"That means the administration will continue long-standing restrictions on
exports of powerful encryption devices that the NSA cannot crack, and
continue to encourage use of NSA-developed encryption gear, called the
"Clipper chip," by all U.S. firms. The Clipper Chip makes it relatively
easy for the government to eavesdrop on encrypted communications....
"Further, government officials said, the administration is expected in a
few weeks to endorse an FBI proposal that U.S. telecommunications firms be
required to guarantee law enforcement agencies' ability to tape phone and
computer lines regardless of where the technology goes.
"At the core of these high-tech disputes lies a fundamental conflict
between Americans' cherished privacy rights and the government's
investigative needs."
"But the Administration's action immediately drew a chorus of criticism
from both business and privacy-rights groups. Computer and software
companies, including Apple Computer, I.B.M. and Microsoft, have adamantly
opposed the Clipper Chip because they believe customers will not trust an
encryption program that was built by the government and whose inner
workings remain a secret.
"Perhaps more importantly, they fear that it will harm their ability to
export products; they predict that foreign customers will resist buying
computers and telecommunications equipment built with decoding technology
devised by the National Security Agency.
"Privacy-rights groups argue that the technology could lead to
unauthorized eavesdropping, because the keys for unscrambling the code
will remain in official hands.
"'This is bad for privacy, bad for security and bad for exports,' said
Jerry Berman, executive director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a
Washington nonprofit group that lobbies on privacy issues related to
electronic networks. 'The Administration is preparing to implement systems
that the public will not trust, that foreign countries will not buy, and
that terrorists will overcome.'"
"The issue has become a controversial one between law enforcement
officials and the computer industry and civil libertarians. In unfolding
details of the administration's decision, Mike Nelson, an official at the
Office of Science and Technology Policy, said the issue was so difficult
it represented 'the Bosnia of telecommunications policy.'
"Jerry Berman, executive director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a
Washington-based computer users' civil-rights group, said the
administration's handling of the Clipper Chip policy could make it 'as
successful' as the Bosnia policy, which has come under widespread
William Safire has also written about this in today's NYTimes.

@_date: 1994-02-07 16:59:32
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: EFF Wants You (to add your voice to the crypto fight) 
* DISTRIBUTE WIDELY *
Monday, February 7th, 1994
      jberman at eff.org
Dear Friends on the Electronic Frontier,
I'm writing a personal letter to you because the time has now come for
action. On Friday, February 4, 1994, the Administration announced that it
plans to proceed on every front to make the Clipper Chip encryption scheme
a national standard, and to discourage the development and sale of
alternative powerful encryption technologies. If the government succeeds
in this effort, the resulting blow to individual freedom and privacy could
be immeasurable.
As you know, over the last three years, we at EFF have worked to ensure
freedom and privacy on the Net. Now I'm writing to let you know about
something *you* can do to support freedom and privacy. *Please take a
moment to send e-mail to U.S. Rep. Maria Cantwell (cantwell at eff.org) to
show your support of H.R. 3627, her bill to liberalize export controls on
encryption software.* I believe this bill is critical to empowering
ordinary citizens to use strong encryption, as well as to ensuring that
the U.S. software industry remains competitive in world markets.
Here are some facts about the bill:
Rep. Cantwell introduced H.R. 3627 in the House of Representatives on
November 22, 1993.  H.R. 3627 would amend the Export Control Act to move
authority over the export of nonmilitary software with encryption
capabilities from the Secretary of State (where the intelligence community
traditionally has stalled such exports) to the Secretary of Commerce. The
bill would also invalidate the current license requirements for
nonmilitary software containing encryption capablities, unless there is
substantial evidence that the software will be diverted, modified or
re-exported to a military or terroristic end-use.
If this bill is passed, it will greatly increase the availability of
secure software for ordinary citizens. Currently, software developers do
not include strong encryption capabilities in their products, because the
State Department refuses to license for export any encryption technology
that the NSA can't decipher. Developing two products, one with less secure
exportable encryption, would lead to costly duplication of effort, so even
software developed for sale in this country doesn't offer maximum
security. There is also a legitimate concern that software companies will
simply set up branches outside of this country to avoid the export
restrictions, costing American jobs.
The lack of widespread commercial encryption products means that it will
be very easy for the federal government to set its own standard--the
Clipper Chip standard. As you may know, the government's Clipper Chip
initiative is designed to set an encryption standard where the government
holds the keys to our private conversations. Together with the Digital
Telephony bill, which is aimed at making our telephone and computer
networks "wiretap-friendly," the Clipper Chip marks a dramatic new effort
on the part of the government to prevent us from being able to engage in
truly private conversations.
We've been fighting Clipper Chip and Digital Telephony in the policy arena
and will continue to do so. But there's another way to fight those
initiatives, and that's to make sure that powerful alternative encryption
technologies are in the hands of any citizen who wants to use them. The
government hopes that, by pushing the Clipper Chip in every way short of
explicitly banning alternative technologies, it can limit your choices for
secure communications.
Here's what you can do: I urge you to write to Rep. Cantwell today at cantwell at eff.org. In the
Subject header of your message, type "I support HR 3627." In the body of
your message, express your reasons for supporting the bill. EFF will
deliver printouts of all letters to Rep. Cantwell. With a strong showing
of support from the Net community, Rep. Cantwell can tell her colleagues
on Capitol Hill that encryption is not only an industry concern, but also
a grassroots issue. *Again: remember to put "I support HR 3627" in your
Subject header.*
This is the first step in a larger campaign to counter the efforts of
those who would restrict our ability to speak freely and with privacy.
Please stay tuned--we'll continue to inform you of things you can do to
promote the removal of restrictions on encryption.
In the meantime, you can make your voice heard--it's as easy as e-mail.
Write to cantwell at eff.org today.
Jerry Berman
Executive Director, EFF
jberman at eff.org
P.S. If you want additional information about the Cantwell bill, send
e-mail to cantwell-info at eff.org. To join EFF, write membership at eff.org.
The text of the Cantwell bill can be found with the any of the following
URLs (Universal Resource Locaters):

@_date: 1994-02-07 17:50:40
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Atlantis Project/Oceania 
wcs at anchor.ho.att.com (bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com
Actually, they plan to build it on 3-acre concrete hexagonal platforms
with hollow centers so that they float.
I think their projections were a billion dollars to build it and a
population of 20,000 - 30,000...
I was just wondering what sort of business one might engage in in
Oceania?  Cryptographic software is a possibility, but I wonder how much
revenue that might bring in.  A electronic bank would probably be a more
profitable venture, but getting a high bandwidth net connection in the
middle of the ocean would increase startup costs.  Telecom, electricity,
and water supply would probably be good businesses...but they require a
local market that would be fairly small in the startup country.  There
is also international shipping and trade, but there you have large
startup costs and would need to do extensive work to get clients.  And
there is tourism...gambling, recreational drugs, etc....

@_date: 1994-02-07 19:10:42
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Atlantis Project/Oceania 
I thought that's what cypherpunks were supposed to be doing... :-)
All they said on the subject was that the government would be on the
gold standard and everyone else could use whatever currency they wanted.
As for the other little problems, I'd guess they haven't got a clue. However, they did hire an architect who is experienced in building
floating structures, so I guess he's considered those things, ya know
like fresh water and electricity.  You could drop them an email and

@_date: 1994-02-08 14:00:53
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Insecurity of anonymous remailers 
True.  I think it depends on what your intended purpose is for using a
remailer.  If you just want to post an anonymous message, faster would
be better for sake of keeping with the conversation.  If you really want
to communicate securely, you can use remailers such as
elee9sf at menudo.uh.edu which batches messages out at midnite and adds
random padding, or remail at extropia.wimsey.com which offers encryption
and adds a random delay.

@_date: 1994-02-08 14:32:01
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: What's a "real encryptor"? 
Xenon, you could make your point a lot clearer if you wouldn't detweil
so much in your posts.  But let me propose a technique that I think
would be what you meant to define as a "real encryptor".
Take a file and encrypt it by taking the first block of data and using
it as a key to encrypt the rest of the file.  Than take the beginning of
the file and encrypt it with RSA.  Therefore, since you need to know the
first block of plaintext to decode the rest of the file, you could only
decode the file if you first decoded the RSA block.  Perhaps some random
padding could also be added, and a random session key inside the RSA. The file would have no identifying markers to show what key it was
encrypted with, or what key was needed to decrypt it.  Is this what you
wanted?  I think I could hack that...
And a little flame: Before you put down our software, try writing some
of your own.

@_date: 1994-02-09 07:17:21
@_author: /G=Scott/I=M/S=Braden/OU=nsic1/O=DOS/PRMD=ALCANET/ADMD=TELEMAIL/C=US/@alcatel.aud.alcatel.com 
@_subject: I support HR 3627 
February 9, 1994
Dear Rep. Cantwell,
I support HR 3627, because I strongly believe in every American's right to privacy. In our burgeoning global markets, American businesses must rely on secure communications to prevent industrial espionage. If the Clinton Administration succeeds in dictating that only the "Clipper Chip" can be exported, it will effectively strangle any other means of secure communications. In a competitive global market for technology and communications, I think it is crucial that American businesses retain the right to produce the products and security solutions that their customers want, free of the restrictions and demands of government controls and Rep. Cantwell, this is not an arcane technical issue of export control. The freedom of Americans to be secure in their communications from unwarranted government intrusion is essential to our liberty. I think this is one of the few issues that both Republicans and Democrats agree upon, so I hope you will be able to generate bi-partisan support for your bill. Sincerely, M. Scott Braden
1242 Briarcove
Richardson TX 75081

@_date: 1994-02-09 13:47:26
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: What's a "real encryptor"? 
Does this program exist?  If so where can I get it?

@_date: 1994-02-09 15:07:28
@_author: Jason C Miller 
@_subject: I support HR 3627 
EFF Is making it all the easier to support the bill.
mail "cantwell at eff.org"
with the subject line "I support HR 3627"
and cast a vote in favor of crypto freedom
                              Jason Miller
                  jmdk at andrew.cmu.edu or dyn at cs.cmu.edu
  Anyone could be reading your mail, encrypt it. PGP Public key via finger.
          "Desire is a terrible thing, it makes the world go bind."

@_date: 1994-02-10 13:50:21
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: MD5 
Yes, it's publically availiable internationally as RFC1321.

@_date: 1994-02-10 17:52:57
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Our secret weapon against Nazis in the USA is that we don't censor them.
 We let them publish their books so everyone can see how stupid and
ridiculous nazism is.  We also have books about what the Nazis did to
the jews in WWII.
The reason the Nazis are such a problem in Germany is that the
government gives them so much free advertizing.  The whole thing about
how a secret BBS network eludes the police makes people very interested
in it.  People like the idea of belonging to a special elite
orginaztion, and its "underground" status gives it that appeal.  There
are Nazi BBS systems in the USA, and they're not too difficult to find. And most people couldn't care less.
But to make a relevant comparison to cypherpunks: How many people used
PGP before the clipper debate began?  (Fairly few)  How many heard about
it because of the recent public uproar caused by the government wanting
to control crypto?  If clipper had never been introduced, many people
who now use PGP would never have heard of it.  The government created
its own encryption "problem" by telling people about it.  The Germans
are creating their own Nazi problem by telling people about it.  Food
for thought...

@_date: 1994-02-11 20:50:40
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Strategies for getting encryption in widespread use QUICKLY 
Hmm...  Well, having a program that will auto install segments only if
they are signed by trusted public keys is a good one...  but then again,
most of the non-techies just want to have a program that works and that
they're happy with.  Many people would rather just keep a stable,
working, but older version instead of going to the trouble of trying to
always have the latest.  But perhaps we could have a system such that
only authenticated program upgrades could be installed, to combat
against trojan horses, virii, bombs, etc.
I would be wary of an auto-update system because of possible bugs in the
software.  Even if you only allowed updates from completely trusted
public keys, even the best of us make mistakes and screw something up...
 but public-key protection against viruses and trojan horses would be a
good thing.
Perhaps we just need something that would make using encryption easier. Tell me what you all think of this as a project for cypherpunks:
Does anyone want to develop an encrypted term program?  On-the-fly
encryption over a modem.  This would allow everyone to encrypt very
easily.  It could support plug-in modules (with signatures) to support
automatic pgp signing/verification, additional cipher modules (ie DES,
IDEA, MPJ2).  When logging on to you favorite BBS, instead of typing
your password in, you enter your account, and then set your encryption
on your terminal to your password, and if it's right, then you can
decode the transmission and you are logged on.  That way nobody could
steal your password (or anything else) by tapping your transmission.
Encrypting two way modem transmissions would be a problem, but it could
probably be solved by packaging the data into manageable packets with an
error-correction protocol and then encrypting those.  Error-correction
would be vital, as line noise can wreak havok on encrypted data. (Although you could reduce the impact of the errors by weakening the
cipher somewhat.)  I do have several ideas as to how to do this...
What do you think?  Anyone want to take this on as a project?
If I'm going to do it, it would be for MS-DOS systems, tho if there's
enuff interest, it might be possible to develop multi-platform support
Let me know...

@_date: 1994-02-11 22:04:37
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Forbidden math?! 
Xenon (or someone using his remailer) says:
It's a joke, but the scary thing is that it might not be funny much longer.

@_date: 1994-02-14 15:21:32
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: SCHEME for FULL-SPEC RETURN PATH 
Well, I guess great minds think alike.  I'm already working on this. I've been hacking on in my spare time for about a month now.  My program
is about 75-80% done.  Here's how it will work:
You send mail to remail+getid at x.edu.  The remailer takes your address
and encrypts it with its private key, adds some random padding (to
disguise the legnth), a checksum, and then puts it in "ascii-armor"
format.  Then it mails it back to you.  You get an address of the format:
remail+to+8k3dsa5gzctoy6ahz433mwqqe1v4oo1fr at x.edu
Then when you post anonymously, you can use that address as a reply-to
address (a few of the cypherpunk remailers allow you to insert your own
reply-to fields, i think the BSU ones do.)
All of the encryption/decryption routines are completely finished.  The
only things left to do are to add the actual mail handler that will take
an incoming message, decrypt the address and forward the mail.  The
auto-reply program to send the encrypted addresses is finished also; it
works basically like my automatic faq-sender which you can email at
mg5n+remailers at andrew.cmu.edu .
The above is acutal output from my cipher and will decrypt to
mg5n+ at andrew.cmu.edu (if you have the secret key!)  I chose to use a
private key cipher instead of p-k because of the enourmous overhead that
you get with PGP, and I was afraid that it would be too big for the mail
The cipher used employs transpositions, substitution tables and cipher
feedback, in multiple layers of encryption.
Perhaps in the future, PGP encryption of the message could be added, and
better methods for chaining remailers, and compression of the mail
address before encryption (I have experimented with this).
I've been a bit busy with other things this past week so I haven't
worked on the program lately.  If you're serious about this, and you or
someone you know is willing to finish the program and actually run a
remailer using it, I'll let you have my source code so far.  Program is
written in C.

@_date: 1994-02-14 15:41:31
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
Period 5 noble gas element Z=54 sez:
Except, PGP was not developed behind closed doors, anyone can download
PGP23srcA.ZIP and read the full specs on the encryption system used, and
you don't have to register your key with Phil Zimmerman.
So?  So what if Microsoft has a crypto division...  Maybe it will
encourage more people to use crypto. (I wouldn't place much trust in
Microsoft software tho, judging from some of their past foulups.)  Sony
Encryptorman might be a bit better (if it exists) since they're not in
the US.

@_date: 1994-02-15 11:09:28
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Detweiler abuse again 
No, and it would probably backfire.  If the mail-to-usenet gateways get
abused, the administrators of the gates will probably start blocking
incoming mail, as CMU and Berkeley have done.
(The CMU gateway is outnews+netnews.group.name at andrew.cmu.edu  You can
try it and see what results you get.)
It might be more effective if you bounced messages from detweiler back
to him, CC: postmaster with a notice saying "Due to repeated abuses of
this email service, messages from detweile at cs.colostate.edu are no
longed accepted.  Unsent message follows:

@_date: 1994-02-16 14:35:13
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Detweiler remailer abuse 
It does work like the postal service.  You don't have to put a return
address on the letter.  You can put anything in the from line that you
want. You could put From: Anonymous Shithead and it would work.  But,
like the postal service, it will get postmarked where you mail it from,
so it will show that it came from netcom.com.

@_date: 1994-02-17 10:00:43
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: The L. D. persona... 
Yeah, it's him.  A couple years ago he was a nice guy.  For some reason
he got upset with a few people on cypherpunks (to this day I don't know
why), and ever since then he has been posting and sending them flames,
mailbombs, and harassing them in other ways.  Detweiler is a smart guy
with some sort of strange psycological problems.  Maybe he is on drugs
or something.  I don't know.  The things he does just don't make any

@_date: 1994-02-20 08:01:22
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Updated Remailer List/Helpfile? 
Anonymous at extropia asked:
My remailer list is still availiable by sending mail to
mg5n+remailers at andrew.cmu.edu
I just updated it yesterday to remove the remailers that Karl Barrus
said have gone down.  Also it seems that remailer at entropy.linet.org
isn't working anymore.  I tried it and have gotten no responses after
several days.

@_date: 1994-02-20 13:46:58
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Remailer killing subject line 
Anonymous asked:
You need to put the Subject: line inside your PGP encrypted message.

@_date: 1994-02-20 18:01:31
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: New Remailer up! 
At last, my long-promised pseudo-account remailer is open for testing. Here's how it works.
Send mail to mg5n+getid at andrew.cmu.edu
you will receive back an encrypted email address of the form:
mg5n+eaxxxxx at andrew.cmu.edu
(ea=encrypted address, in case you were wondering)
All mail sent to that address will be forwarded to you.
When you post anonymously, you can include that address for people to
make replies to.  That way, people can send replies to your messages but
not know who you really are.  Most of the cypherpunk remailers allow you
to insert a Reply-To: header.
Random padding is added to the address before it is encrypted. Therefore, every time you request an encrypted address, it will be
different.  This allows you to get a different email address for each of
your cypher-tenacles. :)
Messages sent thru the remailer are not anonymized.  The complete,
unaltered message is forwarded.  If you want anonymnity, first send your
mail thru one of the anonymous remailers.
Source code is availaible.  Email me if you want it.
P.S. Expect a moderate delay for messages sent thru this remailer.

@_date: 1994-02-20 18:42:03
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: New Remailer up! 
Must be just you.  I only sent one, and I only got one copy back from the list.

@_date: 1994-02-21 15:16:34
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: ADMIN: cypherpunks went down 
This message counts as a test message.  Please DO NOT respond to it.
Hugh and I took the list down last night.  This is the same list
spewing problem that we had last week, only this time it's worse,
because toad.com just got a CPU upgrade; it's four times faster now.
Please, Please, PLEASE in the future if this happens, DO NOT send more
mail to the list; it only makes the problem worse.  These messages
were started to spew as well.
Send urgent mail about list problems to me, hughes at ah.com, or
postmaster at toad.com.
Many thanks to Hugh Daniel for squashing sendmail processes like
cockroaches.  (He was laughing maniacally for a bit, there, "DIE!,
We managed to catch the problem before it went on for too long.  I
took everyone off the list after backing it up and left only me and
Hugh on it, so most of the problem didn't go to the list.  What
happened was that the sendmails started spawning faster and faster.  I
got a megabyte and a half of repeated mail before we squished

@_date: 1994-02-21 16:41:28
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Remailer Update 
I'm glad you caught the problem.  I'd hate to see what would have
happened if it had gone on for too long.  :)
My remailer was off-line from midnite to about 18:00 hours (eastern
time) today.  I took it off-line so I could handle the toad.com mail
bomb.  I have restored the remailer and FAQ server to normal operation. About 15 messages piled up in the queue during this time, and I sent
them out about an hour ago.  Let me know if there were any problems. Also, let me know your opinions on overall functionability of the
remailer, and any bugs/problems.
To everyone who requested the source code, sorry I haven't gotten to it
yet.  I will...
P.S. The remailer info I maintain at mg5n+remailers at andrew.cmu.edu has
gotten quite popular.  When I first set it up, I got at most 2-3
requests a day.  The last couple of days I have been getting 10 to 15
remailer-info requests a day.  I wonder where they're coming from...I
guess some non-cypherpunks groups have gotten on the anonymnity
bandwagon.  Wow... there goes another one.  (I have it display a message
on my screen whenever a request goes thru.)

@_date: 1994-02-22 07:34:28
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Rer: autosigning pearl script 
Ummm, whoidn't it be a bit safer to put these in the users local
directory? /tmp isn't really safe, unless you have your own net.
Hoping he's not making a fool of himself,
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
 finger for Geek |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Code, PGP Key |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"

@_date: 1994-02-23 16:20:10
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: pgp tools 
Michael Johnson wrote, appearantly quoting someone else:
Well, s/he could get an anonymous address thru my Andrew remailer...  if
e's willing to trust me. :)  I'd like to see some more sites offer
anonymous return addresses, so people wouldn't have to rely on a single
Anyway, the address is: mg5n+getid at andrew.cmu.edu
On the subject of return addresses, let me know what you think of this:
It would be theoretically possible to write a RSA key generation program
that would create keys in which all the moduli matched, except for the
last 20-30 digits.  This was discussed awhile ago in the discussion of
how to forge keyids.  (You could also create keys which had the last
digits the same, but the first digits different so that they'd have
different PGP key IDs.)
What if a remailer was designed such that it would accept addresses of
the format:
The remailer would then take that information, append a pre-defined
ending to form the modulus, then use the exponent (which could be
relatively small) to encrypt the message in PGP format, and then post it
to a mail pool.  This would allow you to make PGP public keys small
enough to easily fit inside the To: header, something which can't be
done with current PGP-encrypted return addresses.  That way, even the
most crypto-illiterate technophobe could send a message to an anonymous
person simply by hitting the R key.  The remailer operator would not
have to keep a database of anonymous addresses, either, (a problem with
anon.penet.fi, which has over 75000 users)
Key generation would be somewhat more difficult, but I don't see how
generating keys with similiar moduli could be a security problem.

@_date: 1994-02-23 17:43:17
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Anonymous says:
Well, considering that CERT is headquartered here at Carnegie Mellon
University, and the fact that cypherpunks is gated to a local group at
this site, it wouldn't be unreasonable to assume that they could be
reading this...
As I understand it, CERT is a private orginization funded by the
government (DoD I think, but not sure).  I'll ask on one of the local
message areas here and see what info I can dig up...

@_date: 1994-02-23 17:57:12
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Clipper 
Skipjack might have a decent design, but considering that it uses 10
byte keys, it will probably be feasible to mount a brute-force attack on
it within a decade or so.  (As is currently possible with DES 7-byte

@_date: 1994-02-23 19:50:59
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Digital Telephony Bill 1994 (Draft) 
103rd Congress          Draft          2/9/94
2nd Session
                         S. _____
                        [H.R. _____]
                        IN THE SENATE
             IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
   M. __________ introduced the following bill; which was referred to the
Committee on __________
                        A BILL
   To ensure continued law enforcement electronic surveillance access to
the content of wire and electronic communications and call setup
information when authorized by law, to improve communications privacy
protection, and for other purposes.
   By it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of America in Congress assembled,
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE.
      This Act may be cited as the "Digital Telephony and Communications
Privacy Improvement Act of 1994."
SEC. 2. PURPOSE.  The purpose of this Act is to clarify and define the
responsibilities of common carriers, providers of common carrier support
services, and telecommunications equipment manufacturers to provide the
assistance required to ensure that government agencies can implement court
orders and lawful authorizations to intercept the content of wire and
electronic communications and acquire call setup information under
chapters 119 and 206 of title 18 and chapter 36 of title 50. Otherwise,
except for the provisions in section 4, nothing in this Act is intended to
alter any provision contained in the Federal electronic surveillance, pen
register, or trap and trace statutes, or those of any state or other
jurisdiction. In particular, nothing herein is intended to enlarge or
reduce the government's authority to lawfully intercept the content of
communications or install or use pen register or trap and trace devices,
or to increase or decrease any criminal penalties for unlawfully
intercepting the content of communications or installing or using pen
register or trap and trace devices, or to alter the provisions regarding
service provider assistance, payment for assistance, causes of action,
civil liability, or good faith defenses.
      The Act is further intended to improve communications privacy
protection for cordless telephones, certain radio-based data
communications and networks, communications transmitted using certain
privacy-enhancing modulation techniques, and to clarify the lawfulness of
quality control and service provision monitoring of electronic
SEC. 3.  COMMON CARRIER ASSISTANCE
      (a) _New section_.  Chapter 109 of title 18, United States Code, is
amended by adding the following new section:
"Sec. 2237. Common carrier assistance to government agencies.
      "(a) Assistance requirements. Common carriers shall be required to
provide forthwith, pursuant to court order or lawful authorization, the
following capabilities and capacities in order to permit the government to
conduct electronic surveillance and pen register and trap and trace
investigations effectively:
      "(1) The ability to execute expeditiously and simultaneously within
a common carrier's system all court orders and lawful authorizations for
the interception of wire and electronic communications and the acquisition
of call setup information related to the facilities or services of
subscribers of such common carrier;
      "(2) the ability to intercept the content of communications and
acquire call setup information concurrent with the transmission of the
communication to or from the subscriber's facility or service that is the
subject of the court order or lawful authorization, to the exclusion of
any wire or electronic communication or call setup information of any
other subscriber, notwithstanding the mobile nature of the facility or
service that is the subject of the court order or lawful authorization or
the use by the subscriber who is the subject of the court order or lawful
authorization of any features offered by the common carrier;
      "(3) the ability to intercept the content of communications and
acquire call setup information unobtrusively and with a minimum of
interference with any subscriber's telecommunications service; and
      "(4) the ability to receive, in a generally available format, the
intercepted content of communications and acquired call setup information
at a location identified by the government distant from the facility that
is the subject of the interception, from the interception access point,
and from the premises of the common carrier (except where emergency or
exigent circumstances such as those described in 18 U.S.C. 2518(7),
2518(11)(b), or 3125, or in 50 U.S.C. 1805(e), necessitate monitoring at
the common carrier's premises).
      "(b) Systems security. The government shall notify a common carrier
of any interception of wire or electronic communications or any
acquisition of call setup information that is to be effected within the
premises of such common carrier pursuant to court order or lawful
authorization. After notification, such common carrier shall designate an
individual or individuals to activate such interception or acquisition
forthwith. Such individual(s) shall be available at all times to activate
such interceptions or acquisitions. Such interceptions or acquisitions
effected within the premises of a common carrier may be activated only by
the affirmative intervention of such individual(s) designated by such
common carrier.
      "(c) Compliance date. To the extent that common carriers providing
service within the United States currently cannot fulfil the requirements
set forth in subsection (a) of this section, they shall fulfil such
requirements within three years from the date of enactment of this Act.
      "(d) Cooperation of support service providers and equipment
manufacturers. Common carriers shall consult, as necessary, in a timely
fashion with appropriate providers of common carrier support services and
telecommunications equipment manufacturers for the purpose of identifying
any services or equipment, including hardware and software, that may
require modification so as to permit compliance with the provisions of
this Act. A provider of common carrier support services or a
telecommunications equipment manufacturer shall make available to a common
carrier on a timely and priority basis, and at a reasonable cost, any
support service or equipment, including hardware or software, which may be
required so as to permit compliance with the provisions of this Act.
      "(e) Enforcement. The Attorney General shall have authority to
enforce the provisions of subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) of this
section. The Attorney General may apply to the appropriate United States
District Court for an order restraining or enjoining the provision of
service of any common carrier who violates subsection (a), (b), (c), or
(d) of this section. The District Courts shall have jurisdiction to issue
such restraining order or injunction. The Attorney General may also
request the Federal Communications Commission to assist in enforcing the
provisions of this Act.
      "(f) Penalties. Any common carrier that violates any provision of
subsection (a) of this section shall be subject to a civil penalty of
$10,000 per day for each day in violation. The Attorney General may file a
civil action in the appropriate United States District Court to collect,
and the United States District Courts shall jurisdiction to impose, such
penalties. After consultation with the Attorney General, the Federal
Communications Commission may also impose regulatory sanctions or fines
otherwise authorized by law.
      "(g) Consultation. The Attorney General is encouraged to consult
with the Federal Communications Commission and common carrier
representatives and to utilize common carrier standards bodies,
associations, or other such organizations to discuss details of the
requirements, such as those related to capacity, in order to facilitate
compliance with the provisions of this Act.
      "(h) Funding. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the
Federal Communications Commission shall implement promptly methods and
procedures that allow each common carrier to be remunerated by the Federal
Government for all reasonable costs incurred in the course of complying
with the requirements of this Act.
      "(i) Definitions. -- As used in this Section --
          (1) 'common carrier' means any person or entity engaged as a
common carrier for hire, as defined by section 3(h) of the Communications
Act of 1934, and includes a commercial mobile service or interconnected
service, as defined in section 6002(b) of Public Law 103-66;
          (2) 'provider of common carrier support services' means any
person or entity who provides services to a common carrier that are
integral to processing, directing, forwarding, or completing telephone
calls or electronic communication transmissions;
          (3) 'wire communication' shall have the same meaning as set
forth in subsection 2510(1) of title 18, United States Code;
          (4) 'electronic communication' shall have the same meaning as
set forth in subsection 2510(12) of title 18, United States Code;
          (5) 'intercept' shall have the same meaning as set forth in
subsection 2510(4) of title 18, United States Code, except that with
regard to a common carrier's transmission of a communication encrypted by
a subscriber, the common carrier shall not be responsible for ensuring the
government agency's ability to acquire the plaintext of the communications
content, unless the encryption was provided by the common carrier and the
common carrier possesses the information necessary to decrypt the
          (6) 'concurrent with the transmission of the communication,' as
used in section 3(a)(2) of this Act, means contemporaneous with the
transmission; but it shall include, with regard to electronic
communications, the ability of a government agency to acquire such
communications at the conclusion of the transmission, and, with regard to
call set up information, the ability to acquire such information either
before, during, or immediately after the transmission of the
          (7) 'call set up information' shall mean the information
generated which identifies the origin and destination of a wire or
electronic communication placed to, or received by, the facility or
service that is the subject of a court order or lawful authorization,
including information associated with any telecommunication system dialing
or calling features or services; and
          (8) 'government' means the Government of the United States and
any agency or instrumentality thereof, the District of Columbia, any
commonwealth, territory or possession of the United States, and any state
or political subdivision thereof authorized by law to conduct electronic
SEC. 4. COMMUNICATIONS PRIVACY IMPROVEMENT AND MONITORING CLARIFICATION.
      Chapter 119 of title 18 is amended by making the following changes:
      (1) Cordless telephones.
      (a) _Definitions_. - Section 2510 of title 18, United States Code,
is amended -           (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ", but such term does not
include" and all that follows through "base unit"; and           (2) in paragraph (12), by striking subparagraph (A) and
redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (D) as subparagraphs (A) through
(C), respectively.
      (b) _Penalty_. - Section 2511 of title 18, United States Code, is
amended -           (1) in subsection (4)(b)(i), by inserting "a cordless telephone
communication that is transmitted between a cordless telephone handset and
the base unit," after "cellular telephone communication,"; and
          (2) in subsection (4)(b)(ii), by inserting "a cordless telephone
communication that is transmitted between a cordless telephone handset and
the base unit," after "cellular telephone communication,".
      (2) Radio based data communications.
      Section 2510(16) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by
striking the word "or" at the end of subparagraph (D) and inserting an
"or" at the end of subparagraph (E) and adding the following new
          "(F) an electronic communication;".
      (3) Penalties for monitoring radio communications that are not
scrambled, encrypted, or non-public.
      Section 2511(4)(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by
deleting the phrase "or encrypted, then--" and inserting the following:
          ", encrypted, or transmitted using modulation techniques whose
essential parameters have been withheld from the public with the intention
of preserving the privacy or such communication, then--".
      (4)Technical correction.
      Section 2511(2)(a)(i) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by
striking out "used in the transmission of wire communication" and
inserting in lieu thereof "used in the transmission of a wire or
electronic communication.".

@_date: 1994-02-24 17:31:37
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
All sounds great, but there is one problem - Ida has to download the
file, uudecode it and run it.  I don't see how that's any easier than
downloading it and running pgp...  If Ida is computer-illiterate and
can't download a file and decrypt it with pgp, it wouldn't be reasonable
to expect her to download it and run uudecode.
I think you may have a good idea here, but it's not really ideal for
cryptography.  As Thomas Edison was fond of saying, just because
something doesn't do what you want doesn't mean it's useless.  Perhaps
you should consider the project from a different approach - such as for
self-extracting graphical email.  I know a lot of people who would like
to be able to doodle graphical images in their email, as well as a lot
of hardware hackers that would like to draw circuit diagrams and such. Seems like self-extracting graphical email would be ideal for these
purposes.  And of course, you would want to protect it with crypto too.

@_date: 1994-02-25 11:45:19
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Droped messages... 
Last week toad.com had some problems with the cypherpunks mail list,
in cleaning up from all that (megs and megs worth of gunk) I found two
messages that I do not think got out to the list.
  Here they are (I could find no headders for them).
  Majordomo seems to be doing a great job, the load on toad.com is
down and messages are geting though much faster.  Ah, the power of
ugh Daniel
-------- Mystery Message Phil Karn says...
No, the Sony and Toshiba drives have firmware that supports reading digital audio data (via SCSI).  OMI's program Disk to Disk (excuse my type before hand) digitally reads the audio frames from the CD-ROM and converts it into one of the various sound formats popular on the Mac.  The AIFF and SDII formats are not compressed, they are full 16-bit formats.  They are also well documented, so it is easy to dissect and process these files, for whatever purpose you have in mind.
So, I am actually geting a true digital copy.  Even more accurate than if I was taking the S/P-DIF digital out on a CD player and sucking it into a computer, because the S/P-DIF digital out comes after the error correction and interpolation circuitry.  (Digital out on a CD player is not raw data off the disc.)
There is also no way that what I am doing could go through an analog stage because there is no audio connection between my Mac and
the CD-ROM.
Actually, I use this setup to compare different pressing of one-off CDs,
we were trying to track down some glitches in the JVC CD-R mechanism when recording red-book audio disks.
I'm interested in persuing this further, it would be real intersting to
produce some audio disks with embedded information.  Let me know if you
are interested.
Rusty H. Hodge, Cyberneticist   -------- Mystery Message But it restricts the political heat from wide-open remailing to
those remailers who accept it.  This isn't ideologically pure,
but it might let more people run remailers in the face of people
like Detweiler (who has already attacked one and likely two
   Eli   ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu

@_date: 1994-02-25 12:58:42
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: I have FOIA'd the Clipper Key Escrow databases 
There appears to be no FOIA exemption that would justify withholding
the key escrow databases which Treasury and NIST are building.  (The
keys are not tied to any individual, so individual privacy isn't a
valid exemption.  The database isn't classified.  Etc.)  I have asked
for a copy of each database, in toto.  Letters were sent yesterday.
One is reproduced below; the other is identical except for the
addressee and minor details.
You too can do things like this.  It's fun and it occasionally
produces highly useful information.  Just think of something that the
government knows, and has written down on paper, that you want to
know.  Ask them for it.  You have the right to know.  They're spending
your taxes to subjugate you, and they're required to answer, though
almost all agencies do it grudgingly.  Post your request to the net,
so that we-all will know it's happening, and can be inspired to think
of other interesting things to ask for.
You don't need all the boilerplate below about exemptions and time
limits and stuff; that is to put the agencies on notice that we will
push them in court, if necessary, to be responsive.  Or you can use
our boilerplate in your own requests, if you like.  Alter the "media
requester" section to suit your own situation.
law office of
Lee Tien
1452 Curtis Street
Berkeley, California  94702
_______________   tien at well.sf.ca.us      voice:  (510) 525-0817
fax:  (510) 525-3015
February 24, 1994
Reference:  KEY ESCROW DATABASE-TREASURY
Departmental Disclosure Office
Department of the Treasury
Room 1054-MT
Washington, D.C.  20220
ATTN:  FOIA request
Dear Sir or Madam:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act [5 U.S.C. Sec. 552] on behalf of my client, Mr. John Gilmore.  I write to request a copy of all agency records or portions thereof, in electronic or other form, which relate to the database of escrowed key components for encryption using the key escrow encryption method.  The Attorney General announced on Friday, February 4, 1994, that the Automated Systems Division of the Department of the Treasury will be one of the two escrow agents.  This request includes your database of the escrowed key components.  This request also includes any ancillary information about the database, such as data formats, procedures, standards, access methods, memos and documents about its use, access software, plans, etc.  If the database itself is stored in encrypted form, then this request also includes the computer programs and keys required to access it. We specifically request that you make the database available in electronic form, such as on magnetic tape.  We remind you that the long-standing rule that the FOIA "makes no distinction between records maintained in manual and computer storage systems," Yeager v. D.E.A., 678 F.2d 315, 321 (D.C.Cir. 1982), has recently been amplified in Armstrong v. Executive Office of the President, 810 F.Supp. 335 (D.D.C. 1993).  Any paper print-outs of electronic records, such as e-mail, must include all information in the electronic record.  Assuming that there would be no loss of releasable information, such as written comments made on paper print-outs, we therefore ask you to release all responsive electronic records in electronic, i.e., machine-readable, form.  As you know, the FOIA provides that an agency must make an initial determination of whether to comply with a FOIA request within ten working days of receiving the request.  If the records that you possess were originated or classified by another organization, I ask that your organization declassify them (if needed) and release them to me, as provided in the FOIA, within the statutory time limits.  If there is a conflict between the statutory time limits and some regulation or policy that requires you to refer the records, the statutory requirement takes precedence over any Executive-branch regulation, policy or practice.  Congress placed a limit on the time which may be expended in referrals.  The FOIA explicitly provides that referrals to other interested agencies or agency components are treated under the provision for "unusual circumstances," and cannot justify a delay of more than an additional 10 working days.  5 U.S.C. Sec. 552(a)(6)(B)(iii).   "[W]hen an agency receives a FOIA request for 'agency records' in its possession it must take responsibility for processing the request.  It cannot simply refuse to act on the ground that the documents originated elsewhere."  McGehee v. C.I.A., 697 F.2d 1095, 1110 (D.C. Cir. 1983).   Even records originated by other agencies are subject to immediate release under the applicable case law, if they were at the time of the request in the possession and control of your agency.
Simply put, the FOIA and the case law take precedence over executive branch regulations or practices regarding referrals.  If you do refer documents to any other agency, and they are not provided within the time limits, we intend to litigate on this As you know, the FOIA provides that even if some requested material is properly exempted from mandatory disclosure, all segregable portions must be released.  [5 U.S.C. Sec. 552(b)]  If any or all material covered by this request is withheld, please inform me of the specific exemptions that are being claimed, and mark all deletions to indicate the exemption(s) being claimed to authorize each individual withholding.  If the (b)(3) exemption is claimed, please indicate the relevant withholding statute(s).
If any records are withheld, I request a Vaughn index or its equivalent during the administrative process.  "[T]he objective of the Vaughn requirements, to permit the requesting party to present its case effectively, is equally applicable to proceedings within the agency."  Mead Data Central v. Department of the Air Force, 402 F.Supp. 460 (D.D.C. 1974), remanded, 566 F.2d 242 (D.C. Cir. 1977) aff'd, 575 F.2d 932 (D.C. Cir. 1978).  "[A] person cannot effectively appeal a decision about the releasability of documents ... if he is not informed of at least a list of the documents to which he was denied access ... and why those decisions were made.  Denial of this information would in all likelihood be a denial of due process as well as effectively gutting the reasons for applying the exhaustion doctrine in FOIA cases."
Shermco Industries, Inc. v. Secretary of the Air Force, 452 F.Supp. 306, 317 n.7 (N.D. Tex. 1978); see Oglesby v. Department of the Army, 920 F.2d 57, 65 (D.C. Cir. 1990) (citing Shermco).   It should be simple to prepare a list and the claimed exemptions as the records are processed.  Disclosing such information would not disclose any exempt information and it would make it easier to appeal your initial determination on the merits.  In addition, I ask that your agency exercise its discretion to release information that may be technically exempt.  As you know, the Attorney General on October 4, 1993, directed that agencies should administer the FOIA under a presumption of disclosure, and that information which need not be withheld should not be.
I remind you that under Chrysler v. Brown, 441 U.S. 281, 293 (1979), the 5 U.S.C. Sec. 552(b) exemptions are discretionary, not mandatory.  An agency can generally choose to release exempt information.  This discretionary review process for withholding cannot take precedence over the law, which requires a response within specified time limits.  Moreover, that discretion, according to the Attorney General's October 4, 1993 memorandum, must be exercised in accordance with a presumption of disclosure.  Even if a substantial legal basis exists for withholding, information is not to be withheld unless it need be.  I also request that fees be waived because Mr. Gilmore should be deemed a media requester by your agency for FOIA purposes, and because the public interest would be furthered by a fee waiver.  The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals has held that "a representative of the news media is, in essence, a person or entity that gathers information of potential interest to a segment of the public, uses its editorial skills to turn the raw materials into a distinct work, and distributes that work to an audience."  National Security Archive v. Department of Defense, 880 F.2d 1381, 1387 (D.C.Cir. 1989), cert. denied 494 U.S. 1029 (1990).  This definition applies strongly to Mr. Gilmore, who is a co-
founder and director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), a Washington, D.C.-based public interest organization.  The EFF has been intimately involved in policy discussions concerning key escrow encryption and distributes information to the public by newsletter and electronic distribution about this and other topics involving civil liberties.   Mr. Gilmore is also a skilled computer programmer who has spent the last ten years distributing his work for public use to a worldwide audience on the Internet and the Usenet.  Mr. Gilmore is also entitled to a fee waiver because "disclosure of the information is in the public interest because it is likely to contribute significantly to public understanding of the operations or activities of the government and is not primarily in the commercial interest of the requester."  There exists a tremendous public debate over the wisdom and legality of the key escrow encryption plan, as I am sure you are well aware.  Your agency's database is clearly an operation of the government in which the public has a great interest.  The Vice President himself has publicly expressed doubt about the delegating key escrow responsibilities to agencies which are part of the executive branch.  The information requested herein relates to such doubt.  This information is not yet in the public record, so the request makes a substantial contribution to the public understanding.  This request is not primarily in the commercial interest of Mr. Gilmore.  He will not benefit financially from this information in any way.  He intends to disseminate the requested records widely and freely to inform this public debate.   Should there be any problem in this regard, Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in fees, and you should therefore begin processing of this request without fee-related delays.  As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within ten (10) working days.  Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: 1994-02-26 15:03:42
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: List of mail -> news gateways? 
There is a list of them in the remailer info that you can get by sending
mail to mg5n+remailers at andrew.cmu.edu
I don't have any german ones tho... uk is the closest one to you that I
know of.  These are the ones I have:
group-name at cs.utexas.edu
group.name.usenet at decwrl.dec.com
group.name at news.demon.co.uk
group.name at news.cs.indiana.edu
group-name at pws.bull.com
Please tell me if any of you know of any others!!!
(I know of the Berkeley and CMU ones, but they both block off-camous
mail so I didn't list them.)

@_date: 1994-02-26 17:22:59
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Mailing list software losing posts 
The list software seems to be having problems again.  I sent the below
post to the list three times, and it never got sent out.  But since
another post from me just showed up, maybe it's working now...  (Let me
know if you got more than one copy, because I sure didn't.)
hehe...  This didn't come from my site tho.  It looks like a clever port
25 hack.  However, the return address is valid.
I suppose this points out another problem with the US export laws:  How
can you know where a message came from?  As the above example shows,
there is really no way to know where the person you're communicating
with is.  In other words, you can't not break the US export laws.  All
you have is someone's word that they are in the US or not, but you
really can't know for sure.  Something to mention in your letters to
Rep. Cantwell.
Cute...  using part of your encrypted address as a handle?  I never
thought of doing that... hmm...

@_date: 1994-02-27 00:21:52
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: I have FOIA'd the Clipper Key Escrow databases 
`For Official Use Only' is not a valid classification.  A document
with this marking cannot be withheld under FOIA exemption 1.  You have
to read the Executive Orders on classification -- this category got
cleaned up a LONG time ago.
The current Executive Order gives particular criteria for classifying
things.  If this database doesn't fit any of those criteria, it can't
legally be classified.  I don't believe that this database is covered.
And a judge in a FOIA case can do a "de novo" (from scratch) review of
whether the material is legally classified, by examining it himself in
private -- we don't have to take the agency's word that "there really
is some reason it is classified".
Also, giving classified information to unauthorized people is a major
offense.  They threatened me with that offense one time, over texts
that I found in a library.  If the keys in the database are
classified, they can't give them out to cops.  FOIA requires that they
"segregate" any classified part and give me the rest of what's there,
so if they claim that "well, one key isn't classified, but ten or a
thousand of them are classified", I bet we can (1) get some keys out,
(2) challenge this idea in court.  In particular, it should be
possible to record the LEAF from a particular chip (whether you own
it, or not!) and send it to them in a FOIA request asking for the
matching unit key.  They clearly can map a LEAF to a key (they do it
for cops), and FOIA only requires that you "reasonably describe" the
records you want.  Given their mapping capability, the LEAF is a
reasonable description of the record you want.
Either I can get the key, or I can get them to decrypt it for me.  If
they could hold arbitrary government records in secret by simply
encrypting them and classifying the keys, FOIA would be entirely
thwarted; the courts wouldn't let them get away with it.
By the way, I did request the keys:

@_date: 1994-02-27 01:31:42
@_author: Anthony D Ortenzi 
@_subject: Infomercials, FUD... time? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 24-Feb-94 Re: Infomercials, FUD...
time? by Timothy C. May at netcom.co Anyone know where ol' Ross stands on this issue?  He could communicate
the dangers to a large sector of the population... if he believes in our
cause.  It's hard to imagine him not, being a little on the paranoid
side about the Republicans tapping his communications, and all that
jazz... and he's got to have an internet e-mail address somewhere,
although it is probably under a pseudonym or something to keep him from
being inundated by the masses.  Someone who uses whois with Perot finds
lots of Perot Computer Systems or whatever the damn name of the company
is.  It can't be that hard to get in touch with him via e-mail.  Someone has got to be able to get through to him to check.
Even though he is now not as highly regarded because of the NAFTA
fiasco, he's still got some pull.  Go to it, 'punks...
()| Anthony Dante Ortenzi  ()  ao27 at andrew.cmu.edu  ()  feynman+ at cmu.edu |()
()| -------------------------------------------------------------------- |()
()|    adortenz at suvm.acs.syr.edu     ()       ortenzi at chaos.bsu.edu      |()

@_date: 1994-02-27 11:20:30
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Security of andrew.cmu.edu anon-server? 
Anonymous asked:
I assume from this statement that you haven't looked at my code.  Send
me email and I'll give you a copy...  or maybe someone that I gave it to
could put it up on an FTP site, so you can get it anonymously.
Yes, the cipher is of my own design.  First off, I can assure you that a
brute-force keysearch will not work.  The cipher employs three 36
element substitution arrays, which gives a total of 3x36! possible keys,
or over 10^42.  DES has about 7.2 x 10^16 possible keys and IDEA about
It might be possible to mount some sort of cryptanalysis attack on the
cipher.  In my design I tried quite hard to eliminate all such
possibilities.  But, first, let me explain how the encryption works.
The plaintext is converted to an ascii representation using only the
letters a thru z and the numbers 0 to 9.  (Until the actual cyphertext
output, this is represented internally using the numbers 0 thru 35.) Random padding is then added, preceeded by a legnth byte to tell the
decryptor how much padding to remove.  I currently have it set to use 3
to 5 bytes of random padding, although I could change this at any time. (If you request multiple addresses, they will be of different legnths.) This is then encrypted.  The cipher consists of 6 rounds of encryption.
In each encryption round, two of the three substitution tables are used.
 Each round uses a different combination of substitution tables.  The
encryption begins at the start of the data, reading in each byte (which
only takes on the values from 0 to 35), adding to it the previous
encrypted byte, modulo 36, and encrypting it with the first substitution
array.  In this way, feedback from the cipher is used to increase the
entropy of the output.  Since each byte is a function of the previous
byte, which is a function of the byte before it, each byte is indirectly
a function of all previous bytes.  Since the first byte has no previous
byte, it is encrypted using only the substitution array.  To eliminate
that weak point, the resulting output is encrypted again, using the
second substitution array, in reverse; that is, starting at the end and
going to the beginning.  In this way, every complete round encrypts each
byte such that it is directly a function of at least one other byte, and
indirectly a function of the entire string.
Altering one byte of the input of a single round causes the entire
output to change.  However, altering two bytes will only change most of
the output to one of 36 possibilities, since only one byte of data is
used for the cipher feedback.  This is the reason that multiple rounds
are used.  Since there are 6 rounds used, but at most 5 bytes of random
padding, the six rounds are sufficient to completely distribute the
randomness of the padding throughout the entire string.  This eliminates
the possibility that an attacker might gain some information about the
cipher by finding matching portions of different encrypted strings which
had different random padding.
One possible technique for shortening a keysearch might be possible if a
particular encrypted string was not a function of every byte of the key
(substitution arrays).  In such an attack, the cracker would only need
to guess certain relevant elements of your substitution array.  This
would save them from having to attempt all possible keys.  However, this
attack is not feasible because of the large number of encryption
operations used.  For each byte, there are 12 substitution operations
performed, four on each substitution array.  With a 30 character string
(most are around 30 or 40, some are longer) that adds up to 360
substitutions.  The probability that any given element will not be
chosen in a particular substitution, is 35/36, or 97.2%.  This means
that with 360 substitutions, the probablity that any particular element
won't be chosen is (.972)^360=.000039  The possibility that one of the
array elements would not be chosen is 108 times that amount (since there
are 108 array elements), or 0.42%  Not a statistically significant
amount, considering that if your attacker had a plaintext in that .42%,
it would only require him not to have to guess one element of the
substitution array - but the last element of a substitution is always
obvious anyway - it's the only remaining element that was not yet used! So this doesn't help the attacker at all.  The only thing that would
help the attacker is if there were two unused elements in the same
substitution array, in which case, he would only have to try half as
many keys.  The chances of that happening, however, are one-third of
.42% of .42%.  So .0006% of the time the key search can be reduced from
10^42 to 5x10^41.  I'm certainly not losing any sleep over that
Things are a bit easier with shorter strings.  For example, with a 20
character string, the possibility that two elements in the same array
would not be used is increased to .52%.  That's still not statistically
significant tho.  In order to gain any real advantage from this (greater
than 50% chance that you could reduce your keysearch), you'd have to
have a string of less than 15 characters or so.  However - the shortest
possible email address (such as y at z.com) would take 10 characters after
being converted to ascii format, plus the minimum of three bytes of
random padding, the legnth byte, and two checksum bytes, which comes out
to an absolute minimum of 16 ascii bytes.  So I really don't see how
someone could gain any significant advantage here.
One final possibility is that if an attacker could guess the
substitutions for the first 5 rounds, and the first half of the sixth
round, the substitutions in the final encryption pass in the last round
could be solved for.  This doesn't seem to be much of a problem,
however, since reducing the keysearch to a cipher with eleven encryption
passes instead of twelve doesn't reduce the complexity by any
significant amount.
To further frustrate cryptanalysis, after the third, fourth, and fifth
rounds, a transpositional encryption operation is performed.  The
checksum bytes are inserted following the first and second rounds.  In
this way, the checksum is hidden in the encrypted data and is not
obvious to the attacker.
I'd be very interested to hear from anyone who believes they have a
serious cryptanalysis method which could possibly reduce the security of
this cypher by a significant amount.
I think the fact that this is run on a multi-user unix system is a far
greater problem than any cryptanalysis effort.  If a hacker could gain
access to the file server here, or got my account password, they could
steal the encryption keys.  There isn't much I can do about that, except
to encourage more people to run this type of system.  In that way,
addresses could be chained thru more than one remailer.  If the security
at one site was compromised, it would not reveal the entire path to the
recipient's address.

@_date: 1994-02-27 13:30:56
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: anonymous mail 
Quite true!  However, as I pointed out, I tried very hard to eliminate
all such possibilities that would allow simplifying the key search
process.  It's also very easy to modify the program to support a larger
key and additional encryption rounds.

@_date: 1994-02-27 15:13:11
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: anonymous mail 
The program was designed to accept improvements in the encryption
transparently, so I did plan ahead. :)  I can add encryption algorythms,
and have the software accept addresses of both the old and new ciphers. I didn't happen to have any DES/IDEA code handy when I was programming
it, so I just used what I had.  Since several people have expressed
concern about the encryption, I will add another encryption layer
consisting of either DES or IDEA.

@_date: 1994-02-28 11:37:28
@_author: Anthony D Ortenzi 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning 
Well, since everyone seems to be talking about Dorothy Denning, I just
thought I'd throw a few things out for discussion.  Number 1, if someone
is an encryption expert (as has been truly/falsely(?) claimed on this
list), then why would they endorse anyone but the recipient being able
to decode the message?  Wouldn't the true belief in privacy be what
would lead one to learn about such things?  Or is it just a toy, as is
Number 2.  People on this list have said that she's an expert in
cryptography. When I read that damned Newsday article posted on
cypherpunks, I thought that she was just a whiny college bitch. The
argument was just very, well, flimsy is the word I guess.  I believe
that Clipper is wrong, but someone could at least write a paper that
would influence more by pointing out its merits, rather than just saying
that the government should start spying on all of us to stop drug
Anyone know:
A) Is she an expert in cryptography?
B) Is she a college graduate?
C) Was she dropped on her head a lot as a baby?
D) Has she considered the alternatives that suicide offers?
Just kind of annoyed at this whole Big Brother thing, probably because
I'm reading 1984 right now... really a good idea if you haven't yet, and
if you read it, they're is no way you'll possibly think that Clipper is
a good idea...
Also, I've gotten a message through to Ross Perot about our fight
against Clipper, and how to reach me, so if I get a response, I'll let
you guys know.
                                        Anthony

@_date: 1994-02-28 12:25:20
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: DES Question 
When using DES to encrypt email addresses, the total amount of data to
be encrypted would be only 3 or 4 eight-byte DES blocks.  My question
is: Would CBC or CFB really be effective for such a small amount of
data?  Or would it be better to encrypt multiple times with
transpositions in between (ie '4x3' DES as was described earlier in
Second question: The DES code that I have (not written by me) has a
comment section which describes filling all 16 subkeys seperately,
thereby allowing a 128 byte key.  Is there any significant advantage to
doing this?  Is there any reason that I should not do it?
What is the purpose of the initial and final permutations?

@_date: 1994-02-28 13:19:52
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning 
Not to mention that she obviously doesn't keep up with current events. The part about the world trade center made me laugh.  Here it is again
for those of you who missed it:
  Opponents say that terrorists will not be so foolish as to use
  encryption to which the government holds the key but will scramble
  their calls with their own code systems.  But then who would have
  thought that the World Trade Center bombers would have been stupid
  enough to return a truck that they had rented?
Maybe it was just a bad miswording, but it certainly doesn't strengthen
the argument as a whole, and doesn't give me much confidence in her
proofreading ability.
(They didn't return the truck, they put a bomb in the truck, it got
destroyed, then the idiot tried to claim that the truck had been stolen,
and demanded his deposit back.)
Dorothy Denning may have a college education, but she is a bit lacking
in social awareness.  She is just a pawn that the NSA is using as a
spokesperson so that they don't have to take the heat from the debate
over clipper.

@_date: 1994-02-28 14:44:32
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: DES Question 
Yup. :)
Seven years is a virtual eternity in cyberspace.
Okay...  It would prevent brute-force attacks though, wouldn't it?  It
may not prevent differential cryptanalysis, but it would be difficult to
obtain the large amount of data required for differential cryptanalysis
from just a few encrypted email addresses.  Random numbers aren't really
a problem; I have a RNG running here, continuously generating random
numbers from system usage statistics and incoming email.
P.S. What's KA9Q?

@_date: 1994-02-28 23:02:59
@_author: Anthony D Ortenzi 
@_subject: Problems w/ Clipper 
I think that in order to cut down on the amount of bickering of the
problems that we have with Clipper, it would be best to sum up a bit.
1)  Most of us are concerned not with our own privacy if other forms of
encryption are not banned.  Many people on this list use PGP, and almost
all of the rest know damned well that they could if they thought that
they had to keep something secret. (not plugging PGP, per se, but using
it as an example because of its relatively large usage among 'punks)
In other words, our problems tend to lie in the fact that the people of
the United States are as a rule, well, not too concerned about the
privacy of their own e-mail, and don't see this as a step towards what
is in the book 1984.  2) Collectively, we seem to agree that letting the Government into our
lives in such a way as Clipper provides is not necessarily all that
evil, but if we give in a little, they will try to take it all.
Am I right?  (trying to center the discussion)
                                        Anthony Ortenzi
                                        ao27 at andrew.cmu.edu

@_date: 1994-01-10 02:51:20
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Twelve year flashback to Admiral Bobby Inman 
San Jose Mercury, January 8, 1982 (EIGHTY-two), page F-1
[The Washington Post]
WASHINGTON -- Adm. Bobby R. Inman, deputy director of the CIA,
Thursday predicted a "tidal wave" of public outrage and laws
restricting scientists if scientists do not agree to voluntary
"review" of their work by intelligence agencies.
Scientists had better cooperate in making some of their papers secret
voluntarily, or they will face tough laws restricting them, Inman told
a panel session at the annual meeting of the American Association for
the Advancement of Science.
Scientists should beware that there are congressional investigations
now in progress that will point up the "thoroughly documented" fact
that in the buildup of Soviet defense capability "the bulk of new
technology which they have employed has been acquired from the United
States," Inman said.
When the details of this "hemorrhage of the country's technology" come
out in public, Inman said, there will be a "tidal wave" of public
outrage that will lead to laws restricting the publication of
scientific work that the government might consider "sensitive" on
national security grounds.
"The tides are moving, and moving fast, toward legislated solutions
that in fact are likely to be much more restrictive, not less
restrictive, than the voluntary" censorship system he has suggested,
Inman said.
When he was director of the National Security Agency, the codemaking
and breaking intelligence agency, Inman led an effort to get prominent
private researchers to submit their papers on the mathematical theory
of codes to his agency before publication.
The NSA also briefly put secrecy orders on some of the private code
research in recent years.
But in April 1981, cooperation among the National Science Foundation,
the American Council on Education and the NSA resulted in a voluntary
review system under which scientists can submit their papers to NSA
for review and receive a judgement on whether they possibly contain
information damaging to the national security.
Since then, about 25 papers have been reviewed and none had problems,
according to Daniel Schwartz, until recently chief counsel for the NSA.
"There are other fields where publication of certain information could
affect the national security in a harmful way," Inman said.  These
include the fields of "computer hardware and software, other
electronic gear and techniques, lasers, crop projections and
manufacturing procedures."
The above news article ran twelve years ago.  His tidal wave of
crypto censorship didn't appear; instead, a wave of support for free
expression ran through the scientific and library community.  About
half of the technical societies amended their by-laws to disallow
closed or censored meetings or conferences.
I wonder if Admiral Inman feels the same way today, as he faces Senate
confirmation hearings as Secretary of Defense.  Will we be seeing the
same sort of proposals?  How does he feel about export controls on
cryptographic software?  What should be done with the Skipjack
program?  If you wonder too, please ask your Senator to ask him about
it.  Seriously.

@_date: 1994-01-14 07:55:49
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Export request (CJR) filed for Kerberos Bones 
This is a Commodity Jurisdiction Request for the bones of the Kerberos
distribution.  This "Bones" distribution has the encryption stripped
out to make it exportable (we hope).  A CJR is a formal request to the
State Department for them to determine what kind of export license is
required for this item.
This request has been asigned case # 012-94.  The State Department has
15 working days to tell us whether the Bones are officially exportable
or not, and under what rules.  I'll post the results when they come in.
One of the games that the State Dept. and NSA play is to not reveal
exactly what is exportable, so that people will err on the side of
safety (and export fewer things with crypto in them).  By sharing
information among ourselves, we can find out what the real rules are.
This CJR was made using Lee Tien's CJR kit, available for FTP on
John Gilmore
Cygnus Support
1937 Landings Drive
Mt. View, CA  94043
+1 415 903 1418
+1 415 903 0122  fax
ATTN: Maj Gary Oncale - 15 Day CJ Request
U.S. Department of State
Office of Defense Trade Controls
PM/DTC SA-6 Room 200
1701 N. Fort Myer Drive
Arlington, VA  22209-3113
Fax +1 703 875 5845
ATTN: 15 Day CJ Request Coordinator
National Security Agency
P.O. Box 246
Annapolis Junction, MD  20701
This is a Commodity Jurisdiction Request for mass market software
with encryption capabilities.  The name of the software product is "Kerberos 900104 bones.tar.Z
patchlevel 6".
We have no DTC registration code.
We have reviewed and determined that the software, which is the subject
of the CJ request, meets paragraph 1 of the "Criteria for Determining
the Eligibility of A Mass Market Software Product for Expedited Handling."
A duplicate copy of this CJR has been sent to the 15 Day CJ Request
The software is an authentication system for networked computers.
It is a component of the MIT Athena project, which built various
software for automating the administration and operation of large
networks of computers.  The Kerberos software is undoubtedly familiar to your agency.
We believe that previous CJR's have been made on it, including
at least one from Digital Equipment Corporation.
The Kerberos system authenticates individual users in a network
environment.  It bases security on a `secret' which is shared between
a central Kerberos server and the user.  This secret is a
cryptographic key based on the user's password, with which the user
can prove who they are by being able to decrypt sealed messages from
the server.
After the user has authenticated herself to Kerberos, she can use
familiar Berkeley Unix network utilities such as rlogin, rcp, and rsh,
without having to present passwords to remote hosts and without having
to rely on insecure ``.rhosts'' files.  These utilities will work
without passwords only if the remote machine supports the Kerberos
protocols.  If not, the normal facilities will be used.
Kerberos provides the following benefits:
 * Security against outside attackers.
 * Security against inside attackers.
 * Convenience in a distributed workstation environment.
 * Augmentation of an existing security organization.
 * Standardized access control mechanisms.
I have enclosed a technical paper, "Kerberos: An Authentication
Service for Open Network Systems", from the 1988 Winter USENIX
Conference Proceedings.
This "Bones" version of the Kerberos software has been specially
prepared for export by removing the encryption routines and the calls
to the encryption routines.  We are submitting this CJ to confirm the
the official opinion of the Department of State on whether we require
a State Department and/or Commerce Department license to export this
ORIGIN OF COMMODITY
The item was originally designed for its current use.  It was created
as part of MIT's Project Athena in the 1980's.  It was designed for
commercial use without concern for military use.  An example of its
commercial use is in authenticating students who work from various
workstations on a campus, connected via local-area and wide-area
networks.  The item was developed with private funding.
The item is currently publicly available on the Internet via FTP (file
transfer protocol) from the machine athena-dist.mit.edu (18.71.0.38)
in directory /pub/kerberos/dist/900104/bones.tar.Z.  Its documentation
is available as /pub/kerberos/dist/900104/doc.tar.Z.aa and doc.tar.Z.ab.
We obtained the item and documentation from that location.
CURRENT USE
The current use of this item is to provide user authentication for computer
users in a network.  The software provides:
  *  a server which runs on a physically secured computer and which stores
     the password of each user
  *  library routines which establish communication between the server
     and other programs
  *  utility programs for administering the authentication system
  *  modified versions of readily available networking programs, which
     use the library routines for authentication, including:
The uses of the item have not changed significantly over time.
Most of the product market is commercial.
SPECIAL CHARACTERISTICS
There are no military standards or specifications that the item is
designed to meet.  There are no special characteristics of the item,
including no radiation-hardening, no ballistic protection, no hard
points, no TEMPEST capability, no thermal and no infrared signature
reduction capability, no surveillance, and no intelligence gathering
capability.  The item does not use image intensification tubes.  The
item originally used encryption algorithms for authentication, using
the DES (Data Encryption Standard), however these algorithms and the
calls to them have been removed to facilitate export approval.
OTHER INFORMATION
We recommend that this item and its technical documentation be
determined to be in the jurisdiction of the Commerce Department.  We
believe that it qualifies for the general license GTDA for General
Technical Data to All Destinations, because it qualifies as "publicly
available" and contains no encryption routines or hooks for
I have enclosed a technical paper, "Kerberos: An Authentication
Service for Open Network Systems", from the 1988 Winter USENIX
Conference Proceedings.
I have also enclosed the README file from the MIT directory
where we obtained the software, which describes what was done
to the software to make it more suitable for export.
If there are any technical questions, NSA has direct access to the
full source code and online documentation via the Internet.  The item
is currently publicly available on the Internet via FTP (file transfer
protocol) from the machine athena-dist.mit.edu (18.71.0.38) in
directory /pub/kerberos/dist/900104/bones.tar.Z.  Its documentation is
available as /pub/kerberos/dist/900104/doc.tar.Z.aa and doc.tar.Z.ab.
We obtained the item and documentation from that location.
John Gilmore
Cygnus Support

@_date: 1994-01-15 14:08:06
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Apology to Graham Toal & Cypherpunks 
I'd like to apologize for stating that the post made by Graham Toal
 was a forgery.  It has now come to my
attention that it was not.
Graham Toal had always posted from  until today,
when he suddenly posted from: "gtoal at gtoal.com"
, talking about a racist post by TC May that
I had never seen, and asking to be removed from the list.  Naturally, I
got suspicious.
I still don't know what's going on with the email address switching, but
I guess the recent events on cypherpunks have made me a bit overly
paranoid.  Hopefully, I haven't made a complete fool out of myself over
this misunderstanding.
I guess we have another good reason to sign with PGP...

@_date: 1994-01-16 12:18:16
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: PGP's e exponent too small? 
smb at research.att.com wrote in reply:
Not true.  If the RSA folks really believe that, they are kidding
themselves.  I don't see what adding padding will do to provent solving
for the key (although it is a good idea for other reasons).  Here's why
you shouldn't use low powers of d:
Remember that d and e are factors of (p-1)(q-1)+1.  Doing a little math,
we can rewrite that as de=pq-p-q+2.  Unless p or q is very small, (which
is unlikely because a small factor is easy to find, which would weaken
the key), the product (p-1)(q-1)+1 is going to be somewhere near
pq-2*SQRT(pq). (Actually, it will always be greater than
pq-2*SQRT(pq)+2.  SQRT=SquareRoot)  By first trying obvious, small
factors of pq, it would be possible to establish a lower bounds on
(p-1)(q-1)+1.  Consider the following example using small numbers:
Now, suppose you have a public key exponent 7.
You try a few factors say, 2 and 3 on 161, which don't factor it.  You
now know that p>3 and q>3.  Therefore, the smallest value pq could be
would be pq-3-pq/3+2, which is 161-3-53.6+2=106.4
The square root of 161 is ~12.7. Therefore the upper limit of
Since we are only dealing with whole numbers, we have 107 15  5.6  d=6 or d=7
 Only two possibilities!
This attack can be used on large numbers too.  Suppose pq=10^50
(approximately).  Then suppose you try dividing with the first billion
(10^9) numbers and are not able to find a factor of pq.  You then know
that p>10^9 and q>10^9.  Therefore (p-1)(q-1)+1 lower bound is
10^50-10^9-10^41+2, and the upper bound is 10^50-2*10^25+2.  Although
that is still a lot of possibilities, it does eliminates 99.9999999% of
possibilities for d.  If d is small, it would be a relatively quick
search.  If e was greater than 10^48, there would be fewer than 100
possibilities for d.
This attack can be avoided.  Consider again the previous example:
p=7  q=23  pq=161
de=(p-1)(q-1)+1=133  d=19 e=7
If for any x,  x mod pq = x^(de) mod pq
then, by substitution, we have:
x^(de) mod pq = x^(2de) mod pq
x^(2de) mod pq = x^(3de) mod pq
combining this, we have:
x mod pq = x^(de) mod pq = x^(2de) mod pq = x^(3de) mod pq = x^(4de) mod
pq ... and so on.
Taking 2(p-1)(q-1) where p=7, q=23 gives 265.  That factors into 53*5. We have another keypair in additon to the 7,19 already found. Continuing on, we find many more keypairs:
3(7-1)(23-1)+1=397 (prime)
5(7-1)(23-1)+1=661 (prime)
8(7-1)(23-1)+1=1057=151*7 (duplicate of 19*7; 19+133=151)
10(7-1)(23-1)+1=1321 (prime)
11(7-1)(23-1)+1=1453 (prime)
12(7-1)(23-1)+1=1585=317*5 (duplicate of 53*5)
15(7-1)(23-1)+1=1981=283*7 (duplicate of 19*7)
16(7-1)(23-1)+1=2113 (prime)
17(7-1)(23-1)+1=2245=449*5 (duplicate of 53*5)
18(7-1)(23-1)+1=2377 (prime)
19(7-1)(23-1)+1=2509=13*193 (duplicate of 61*13)
20(7-1)(23-1)+1=2641=139*19 (duplicate of 7*19) 23(7-1)(23-1)+1=3037 (prime)
24(7-1)(23-1)+1=3169 (prime)
25(7-1)(23-1)+1=3301 (prime)
Some are duplicates, and some are primes, but we have found 8 key pairs:
7*19, 53*5, 61*13, 25*37, 41*29, 101*17, 47*59, and 35*83.  We also
found two self-reversing secret keys, 23 and 43.  If you continue this
on, you will find keypairs containing every prime number that is not a
factor of (p-1)(q-1).  By using this method, you can easily find a
keypair with large enough numbers to defeat guessing techniques.  For
example, 47*59 and 35*83 might be good choices.  Furthermore, d*e will
not be simply (p-1)(q-1)+1, which defeats the method of guessing the
range of values described earlier.
Remember: In the RSA PK system, key generation is everything.

@_date: 1994-01-16 21:08:16
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: PGP's e exponent too small? Not! :) 
-> All of Matthew's reasoning about putting bounds on d*e (he often
-> writes of bounding p*q, but I'm pretty sure he means d*e) is based
-> on this false assumption that d*e is a factor of (p-1)(q-1)+1.
-> Actually, the true relation is that (p-1)(q-1) is a factor of d*e-1.
Yeah, I guess I should have proofread that better.  You are correct.
I was stating that it was possible to narrow your search significantly
if d*e=(p-1)(q-1)+1.   In retrospect, it was probably a mostly
irrelevant tangent.
-> The correct equation is
-> 	d*e = 1  mod (p-1)(q-1)
You mean   1 = d*e mod (p-1)(q-1)   Right?
-> or, in other words:
-> 	d*e = k(p-1)(q-1) + 1
-> The concern about low values of e in the Schneier book relates to the
-> issue of RSA-encrypting the same value with the same low e value
-> and different RSA moduli.  This might be done if you were using
-> "pure" RSA (which PGP and PEM do not) and encrypting the same
-> message for multiple recipients.  Kaliski is right that adding random
-> padding to what is encrypted will eliminate this attack.  PGP and
-> PEM do add such random padding, following RSA's Public Key
-> Crypto System standard.
Oh.  Okay.  That was not made clear in the original post.  Yes, I can
see how that could be a problem... and random padding would solve it.  I don't think that would actually reveal the secret key, but the message
could be decrypted...

@_date: 1994-01-18 08:06:23
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: PGP posting validation 
DrZaphod says:
Or, you could do what is done on the extropians list:  Every time a
filter/block or other command is received, the list software sends back
a note confirming it.  It would make it pretty obvious if someone was
spoofing fake filtering commands.

@_date: 1994-01-18 08:14:32
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: RETURNED MAIL, ANYBODY? 
Yeah, I got the same thing... someone please unsubscribe this fool from
the list!!!

@_date: 1994-01-18 09:49:32
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Internet Banking 
... a question or two... or ten...  :)
This is a major problem.  You'd proabaly have to make sure there were a
wide variety of products or services availiable on the net that were in
demand, to make people need to use your bank.  Maybe you could get
shareware authors and online database operators to advertise that they
accept digimoney for their services.  You could probably encourage this
by offering them free services or other incentives.
Well, I'd be happy with a simple checking account, where you could type
checks and sign them with PGP.  Unsecured Loans would be a big
problem...the bank might not be able to offer much (if any) interest on
accounts.  Of course most checking accounts don't offer much interest
anyway so that's not a bit problem.
I'd start off with no minimum balence.  You want as many customers as
possible from the beginning.
It is very cheap if it's all computer automated and statements are sent
via email on the network.  The reason checking account statements are
expensive for conventional banks is because of the physical costs, such
as paper, ink, envelopes, postage, etc...
Dunno.  Probably multiple currencies, or maybe just backed up in gold.
Theoretically the bank would want to accept any form of money, if it was
a international orginization.
See Hopefully none, if they can secure the use of a large amount of capital
to invest.
Irrelevant.  They don't need to, if they are known on the internet.
The biggest problem is that there isn't much security of your money in
such an institution.  The second problem is how does one deposit money
in the bank?  Do you send them a check?  Where do you send it?  How do
you deposit cash?  It wouldn't be feasible for such an institution to
maintain many physical branch offices.
To set up such a bank you'd need a fairly high-bandwidth internet
connection, some computers and a software development team.  You might
also need to hire some customer service agents to answer email and
telephones (if you have them).  That's about it.  A small operation
could be run by two or three people, if you couldn't do it all yourself.

@_date: 1994-01-23 11:36:33
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Mr. Remailer Operator Responds 
Detweiler says:
Look, I've tried to stay out of this, but since you're obviously not
intending to stop, let me make a few points clear.  There is nothing
illegal in ASCII text alone.  You have a right to say (or type) whatever
you want to whoever wants to listen (or read it).  That doesn't mean we
have to listen.  I don't have to read your drivel.  So, yes, I have the
right to "censor" your posts from what I read. Your right to freedom of
speech does not mean you have the right to invade our mailing list with
messages which are not on topic.  So, go ahead and post whatever you
want - just don't post it here.  Start your own mailing list.
If you persist, we will eventually throw you out, block your posts, or
otherwise prevent you from interrupting our discussion here.  So I'm
going to ask you to please stop now.  Of course, you can keep at it, and
eventually another mailing list will be created, with posting
restrictions and protections that will keep you out.  You won't gain
anything by forcing us to do that, except accumulate a few more enemies.
 So why not quit while you still have access here?

@_date: 1994-01-23 12:06:33
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: IP rerouters (was Re: Remailers: The Next Generation) 
Well, it would make tracing FTP difficult, altho, at least intially,
some FTP maintainers might try to block known IP rerouters.  Of course,
if such rerouters became commonplace, it would eliminate that problem.
I think the real problem is hardware costs and availiablity.  Running a
remailer is cheap and easy (for some people).  However, running a decent
IP rerouter would require your own internet node, supported by at least
a 56K connection, if not a T1.  Very few people own or have access to
that kind of hardware.
Does anyone how much it costs to get a continuous 56K internet
connection?  What about a T1?  How easy is it to get and set up?

@_date: 1994-01-24 14:46:41
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: NSA wants to buy 10,000-70,000 Clipper PCMCIA cards by March 
John Markoff just broke a story which has been simmering for almost
two months -- large scale deployment of PCMCIA card-based Skipjack
***  Hastily Scanned.  No authority for redistribution granted ***
U.S. CODE AGENCY IS JOSTLING FOR CIVILIAN TURF
New York Times, Monday, January 24, 1994
By John Markoff
  The National Security agency is trying to establish a standard tor
electronically scrambling computer communications, a move that would go far
beyond the agency's usual military and intelligence domain to include
civilian activities like electronic tax returns and computerized medical
The plan by the N.S.A., which may be announced as early as today, worries
business executives, who fear a Government encroachment on privacy. And
some officials in the Clinton Administration believe that the N.S.A. is
overstepping its bounds.
  The N.S.A. is the Federal agency responsible for electronic surveillance
of global communications, though usually not civilian communlcations,
within the United States.
  But in an era when everyday business is increasingly conducted over
computer networks, and when much of that electronic commerce is transmitted
in scrambled form to prevent eavesdropping or theft of information, the
agency is intent on having Government and civilian computer users employ a
standard approach to scrambling.
  That way, after-obtaining a court's permission, law-enforcement officials
would have a way of cracking codes.
Bidding Process
  The agency will seek bids from companies to produce circuit cards based
on its technology, which would be used to scramble electronic messages for
Government agencies and, eventually, private companies. Agency employees
confirmed the plan late Friday, though no agency officials could be reached
over the weekend for further details.
  The Internal Revenue Service, the Government agency that has the most
electronic communication with the public, has already started testing the
system. "We need to know what the administrative issues are with this
technology," said Henry Philcox, the tax agency's chief information
Many computer industry executives oppose the National Security Agency's
effort, saying there is no way for industry experts and outsiders to
determine the reliability and security of the underlying scrambling
technology, which the agency intends to keep secret.
  Privacy-rights advocates, meanwhile, are wary of the system because of
the electronic "back door" it contains, permitting Government
eavesdropping. And some other Administration officials say the agency is
going too far by pushing the standard into civilian computing
  "What these guys are trying to do is run ahead of the blocking," an
Administration official who spoke on the condition of anonymity said.
"Trying to sell this as the wave of the future is premature as
Administration policy.
The circuit card, which is designed to fit into a personal computer and
which the agency calls Tessera, is based on technology similar to a device
known as the Clipper Chip, a telephone voice-scrambling chip that provides
a back-door means for letting law-enforcement officials eavesdrop.
  The Clipper plan, developed by the National Security Agency in
cooperation with the National Insatute for Standards and Technology, a
Commerce Department agency, was announced in April by the Clinton
Administration. It has been almost universally opposed by computer and
telecommunications executives and by public policy groups.
  In a letter to be sent to President Clinton today, which was released on
Friday to The New York Times, a group of 38 of the nation's leading
computer scientists, computer-security specialists and privacy experts have
urged that the Clipper program be stopped.
  "The current proposal was developed in secret by Federal agencies
primarily concerned about electronic surveillance, not privacy protection,"
the letter states. "Critical aspects of the plan remain classified and thus
beyond public review."
  The letter was signed by most of the civilian pioneers of modern
cryptography, including Whitfield Diffie of Sun Microsystems, Ralph C
Merkle of the Xerox Corporation, Martin Hellman of Stanford University and
Ronald Rivest of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
  While there has been no other indication so far that the Government wants
to torce private industry to use Clipper or Tessera technologies, their
adoption as Government and military standards could go a long way toward
making them de facto standards. The Federal and military markets are some
of the largest for the computer and communications industrles, and the
Government has the power to determine what sorts of advanced technology can
be exported.
  Moreover, the Government could insure widespread use of the Clipper and
Tessera technologies by insisting that they be used by businesses and
individuals when communicating electronically with Federal agencies.
Official Reasoning
  Law-enforcement officials say the technologies are intended to resolve a
longstanding problem of the information age: how to preserve the right of
businesses and citizens to use codes to protect all sorts of digltal
communications without letting criminals and terrorists conspire beyond the
law's reach. Businesses and individuals who often communicate over computer
networks already make use of a variety of scrambling systems-either of
their own devising or those commercially available.
  Many of these scrambling systems are unbreakable by anyone who does not
hold the electronic keys to the code, something generally known only by the
sender and the recipient of scrambled messages.
  That is a problem for the National Security Agency, which routinely
listens to many of the world~s telephone and computer conversations -
although it has no jurisdiction for moni toring non-Government
conversations within the United States. The N.S.A.'s Tessera and Clipper
systems would have an independent agency hold master keys to the codes,
which could be obtained with a court's permission for surveillance by
law-enforcement officials.
  The agency plans initially to purchase 10,000 to 70,000 of the Tessera
cards for its use and that of the Pentagon. In an industry briefin8 held
earlier this month, however, N.S.A. officials proposed the eventual use of
the secure communications card in a vast range of civilian and Government
applications including some by the Internal Revenue Service, the
Departments of Health and Hurnan Services, Justice and State and in the
Senate and the House.
  The agency also suggested that the card could be used for civilian
functions like electronic mail and in the scrambling systems employed in
cable television.
The National Security Agency's new standard-setting effort is being
introduced a couple of weeks before the Clinton Administration completes a
classified review of the Clipper proposal, and several industry executives
said the announcement had been timed to apply pressure to the
Administration's decision making.
  The proposal angers industry executives who believe that the agency is
rushing to establish a de facto standard that will undercut efforts to
adopt a competing commercial standard without a built-in back door. That
standard, being developed by RSA Data Security, a Redwood City, Calif.,
software company, has been endorsed by the nation's leading computer
makers, software developers and telecommunications companies.
Secret Formula
  These companies are particularly troubled by the National Security
Agency~s refusal to disclose the mathematical formula, or algorithm, on
which-its scrambling technology is based.
  "The issue here is: Should a secret algorithm developed by the
intelligence community be used for unclassified civilian uses?" said
Stephen Walker, a computer security industry executive and a member of the
Government's Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory Board.  l think
the answer is it should not.
  The agency has increasingly come into conflict with industry and public !
policy groups who argue that independent and public coding technology is
essential if the nation is to develop a viable electronic commerce system.   "These Government surveillance plans focus on limiting public privacy at
a time when everyone is calling for more privacy," said Marc Rotenberg, .
Washington director of Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility, a
public interest group that organized the letter that will be sent to
President Clinton today. "Privacy is a key part of the national information
infrastructure, and the decisions the Administration is making are leaning
l in the wrong direction."
  The new security standard is being proposed at a time the National
Security Agency is trying to redefine its role after the cold war, and it
raises questions in critics' minds about whether the agency is overstepping
its authority. The 1988 Computer Security Act limited the N.S.A.'s computer
security role to military and intelligence agencies.
  "These guys are fighting for job secyrity," said William Ferguson, vice
president of Semaphore Inc., a , Santa Clara, Calif., computer network
security firm. "Now that the K.G.B. has gone commercial, the N.S.A. is
trying to start its own initiatives that say, 'all we're trying to do i is
keep up with the K.G.B.' "
  White House officials said the agency's actions would not necessarily
force the Administration to authorize, an unpopular coding technology.
One official said the Administration policy review was likely to establish
a permanent working group that, would limit the National Security, Agency's
role in policy making.
  The N.S.A. originally planned to announce its request for proposals on
Friday. But the notice was delayed because the Government shut down
Thursday in response to the frigid weather that disrupted the supply of
electricity in Washington and other parts of the East. The agency
tentatively plans to award contracts for the Tessera card by March 25.

@_date: 1994-01-26 15:57:16
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
So if I sell (at a profit) a netnews feed to subscribers via modem, it
is not copyright infringement, but if I sell the same data on a CDROM,
you cliam copyright infringement.  So I suppose you want to give some
kind of list of what types of media are acceptable for transmitting
netnews feeds, and which are not?  And I suppose that the Federal
Copyright Beaureau will then need to enforce a new law to make sure that
netnews is distributed only via government-approved methods.  Ahh.. I
can smell the new gummint conspiracy already.
The plain and simple fact is: When you post a message to usenet, you do
so with the expectation that others will receive it.  You can have no
way of knowing or limiting who may get it; that is given by the nature
of the network.  Usenet news is, and is intended to be, publicly
accessable information.  If there is something you don't want
distributed, then DON'T POST IT!

@_date: 1994-01-27 20:47:46
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: clipper pin-compatible chip 
Sure - but you're still restricting the keyspace to 10 bytes.
Why not just forget trying to fit it into the clipper system and build a
better encryptor from the beginning?

@_date: 1994-01-28 17:58:21
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Remailer delays 
I tried out a whole batch of cypherpunk remailers.  I sent ping messages to:
    remailer at chaos.bsu.edu, nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu,
    hh at cicada.berkeley.edu, hh at pmantis.berkeley.edu,
    hh at soda.berkeley.edu, 00x at uclink.berkeley.edu,
    hal at alumni.cco.caltech.edu, cs60a-qu at cory.eecs.berkeley.edu,
    ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu, catalyst at netcom.com,
    remailer at rebma.mn.org, elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu,
    hfinney at shell.portal.com, sameer at soda.berkeley.edu,
    remail at tamsun.tamu.edu, remail at tamaix.tamu.edu,
    remailer at merde.dis.org, remailer at entropy.linet.org,
    elee9sf at menudo.uh.edu
The ping messages were sent out at 20:27:44 EST.  Here's the ones I got
back, and the respective times:
nobody at shell.portal.com      20:30:46 (+0:03:02)
catalyst-remailer at netcom.com 20:30:55 (+0:03:11)
nobody at rosebud.ee.uh.edu     20:31:05 (+0:03:21)
nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu       20:31:16 (+0:03:32)
remailer-admin at chaos.bsu.edu 20:31:27 (+0:03:43)
nobody at cicada.berkeley.edu   20:31:50 (+0:04:06)
nobody at shell.portal.com      20:32:33 (+0:04:49)
nobody at soda.berkeley.edu     20:34:01 (+0:06:17)
nobody at pmantis.berkeley.edu  20:34:14 (+0:06:30)
nobody at eli-remailer          20:37:08 (+0:09:24)
nobody at soda.berkeley.edu     20:37:26 (+0:09:42)
remailer at dis.org             20:45:48 (+0:18:04)
nobody at Menudo.UH.EDU         01:00:19 (+4:32:35)
I got mail bounces ("Unknown User") from:
remail at tamaix.tamu.edu
cs60a-qu at cory.eecs.berkeley.edu
After 24 hours, I have gotten no response from:
00x at uclink.berkeley.edu
hal at alumni.cco.caltech.edu
remailer at rebma.mn.org
remail at tamaix.tamu.edu
remailer at entropy.linet.org
I think sameer at soda.berkeley.edu just forwards to hh at soda.berkeley.edu. I got two messages back from hh at soda.berkeley.edu. elee9sf at menudo.uh.edu batches out messages at midnight (which is 1:00
My apologies to the remail operators who received the corrupted messages
from my failed first two attempts in their mailboxes.

@_date: 1994-01-29 15:38:35
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: More on remailers 
I wrote an automated script to ping the following remailers:
hfinney at shell.portal.com
catalyst at netcom.com
elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu
nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu
remailer at chaos.bsu.edu
hh at cicada.berkeley.edu
hh at pmantis.berkeley.edu
hh at soda.berkeley.edu
ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu
remailer at merde.dis.org
Results were a bit faster with the automated program than before:
Here they are:
Test  Sat, 29 Jan 1994 12:52:58 -0500 (EST)
nobody at rosebud.ee.uh.edu     12:53:56 (+0:00:58)
catalyst-remailer at netcom.com 12:53:57 (+0:00:59)
nobody at shell.portal.com      12:53:57 (+0:00:59)
nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu       12:53:59 (+0:01:01)
remailer-admin at chaos.bsu.edu 12:54:06 (+0:01:07)
nobody at cicada.berkeley.edu   12:54:09 (+0:01:11)
nobody at soda.berkeley.edu     12:54:13 (+0:01:15)
nobody at pmantis.berkeley.edu  12:54:16 (+0:01:18)
remailer at dis.org             13:05:35 (+0:12:37)
nobody at eli-remailer          15:32:51 (+2:39:53)
Test  Sat, 29 Jan 1994 17:18:36 -0500 (EST)
nobody at rosebud.ee.uh.edu     17:19:04 (+0:00:28)
catalyst-remailer at netcom.com 17:19:06 (+0:00:30)
nobody at shell.portal.com      17:19:07 (+0:00:31)
nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu       17:19:19 (+0:00:43)
remailer-admin at chaos.bsu.edu 17:19:19 (+0:00:43)
nobody at cicada.berkeley.edu   17:19:24 (+0:00:48)
nobody at pmantis.berkeley.edu  17:19:31 (+0:00:55)
nobody at soda.berkeley.edu     17:19:42 (+0:01:06)
remailer at dis.org             17:20:43 (+0:02:07)
nobody at eli-remailer          17:49:23 (+0:30:47)
Results seem to vary depending on current network load and other
factors, but some remailers do seem to be generally faster than others.
I didn't test elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu since it always batches its
messages and sends them out at midnite.  remail at extropia.wimsey.com only
accepts encrypted mail so I'll have to try that one seperately sometime.
Note: hal at alumni.cco.caltech.edu forwards to hfinney at shell.portal.com
Also, 00x at uclink.berkeley.edu forwards to hh at soda.berkeley.edu
This makes these addresses a little slower, but I guess it helps foil
traffic analysis a bit...
Are there only 12 cypherpunk remailers plus two forwarding addresses? There were over twenty at one time... Please let me know if I've missed

@_date: 1994-01-30 15:39:02
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Superping Script 
Here is my csh ping script.  You'll have to change the name of the
mailer program to fit your system:
hfinney at shell.portal.com catalyst at netcom.com elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu
nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu remailer at chaos.bsu.edu hh at cicada.berkeley.edu
hh at pmantis.berkeley.edu hh at soda.berkeley.edu
ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu remailer at merde.dis.org
And in the file pingmail I have:
   To: remailer-list
   From: mg5n+ at andrew.cmu.edu (Automated Mailing Script)
   Subject: Ping
   ::
   Request-Remailing-To: mg5n+ at andrew.cmu.edu
   ----- This is a Automated Remailer Ping Message -----
I have one copy sent back to myself so I get a timestamp of when it went
out.  You can set the To: line if you want, but most systems don't need

@_date: 1994-07-03 02:07:50
@_author: Timothy L. Nali 
@_subject: Dr. Dobbs Dev. Update 1/5 July 94 & Schneier 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 3-Jul-94 Re: Dr. Dobbs Dev. Update
1.. by Eli Brandt at jarthur.cs.hm e>         return  a;
Note that some compilers might not be smart enough to use logical shift
ops and instead use expensive division ops.  Just to be safe...
int byte_ones(int a)
         a = (a & 0x55) + ((a & 0xAA) << 1);          // 0x55 == 01010101b
         a = (a & 0x33) + ((a & 0xCC) << 2);          // 0x33 == 00110011b
         a = (a & 0x0F) + ((a & 0xF0) << 4);          // 0x0F == 00001111b
         return a;
And this runs in O(lg n) where n is the number of bits in `a'.  Does
anybody have an algorithm for this that beats O(lg n)?
 Tim Nali            \  "We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of
 tn0s at andrew.cmu.edu  \   the dreams" -Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory

@_date: 1994-06-04 18:57:36
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: NYT article 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 2-Jun-94 NYT article by Ezekial
Palmer at anon.pene Right, until the clipperphone conversion units come out. It's too hard
for the average drug dealer/terrorist to do, just like making a
cellphone that generates a random ID number every time you pick it up.
The street finds its own use for things
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-06-04 19:11:03
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: more info from talk at MIT yesterday. 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 3-Jun-94 Re: more info from talk at
.. by Adam Shostack at bwh.harvar Or to just write the software/burn the chips in other countries and
freely distribut the code/plans. Either way, the U.S. patent is
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-06-05 15:13:13
@_author: Ed Carp [SysAdmin] 
@_subject: The Illogic of Clipper 
I'm sorry, but I just don't understand the government's position on Clipper.  After all, the best way for people to ensure that the government's not going to listen in on their communications is to not use Clipper.  Now, unless it was a crime to use anything other than Clipper, the government couldn't do a thing about it.
No criminal is going to use a system that would allow the feds to eavesdrop - that's worse than sending messages "en clair".  The only way I see Clipper working is if it was mandatory to use it, with stiff penalties against using anything else.  That way, if the feds decided to listen in on someone's conversation, and they couldn't decrypt it, all they'd have to do would be to charge them with the crime of using a non-approved method of encryption.
This raises another question - wouldn't the mandatory use of Clipper violate the fifth amendment's protection against self-incrimination?  The courts have held that for the government to mandate someone filling out a form (for example) that would incriminate them is not legal.  It seems to me that to require someone to use an "approved" method of encryption is, in essence, violating one's fifth amendment rights.
Before someone points out that it's the case now with the government's ability to read stuff "en clair" anyway, I would point out that the courts may find that there is a higher expectation of privacy when someone uses encryption that if they did not.  There is a fundamental expectation of privacy, even if one is engaged in criminal activity, that the courts have tended to maintain.
Ed Carp, N7EKG/VE3	ecarp at netcom.com, Ed.Carp at linux.org
"What's the sense of trying hard to find your dreams without someone to share
it with, tell me, what does it mean?"        -- Whitney Houston, "Run To You"

@_date: 1994-06-06 10:29:00
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: 6/6 New Yorker anti-crypto propaganda 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 6-Jun-94 Re: 6/6 New Yorker
anti-cry.. by Graham Toal at an-teallach. This buffoon, BTW, is the article's author.
Do not flame him! This will serve only to justify his ideas. If,
however, you sent him a polite, well reasoned debate, it would probably
do a world of good. Also, if you present views that are "too radical,"
he will most likely discount you as a kook and thus ignore all of your
arguments and associate them with some dangerous revolutionary movement.
This is a bad thing.
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-06-09 07:13:28
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 3 of 3 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 8-Jun-94 Re: Crime and punishment
in.. by Timothy C. May at netcom.co No, easy choices. I choose D: All of the above. "We" are not a unified
hive-mind. There is room for those who belive in government and who try
to make it more bengin, and for those who don't participate in
government and spray-paint camera lenses.
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-06-09 07:32:52
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Censoring the Internet 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Jun-94 Censoring the Internet   by Duncan Frissell at panix.co You forgot "and then let the whole thing get leaked to the press and get
said agents get cut to pieced by a bunch of untrained flakes."
Wait, this is starting to sound like Sundevil...
Waco, the Steve Jackson Games for the '90s :-)
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-06-14 09:53:37
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Remailer REORDER not DELAY 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 12-Jun-94 Re: Remailer REORDER not
DE.. by Rick Busdiecker at lehman.c [scheme to send out messages in pseud0-randon spurts deleted]
I belive the problem is that you can trace a message back to its source
by anazyzing when the messages are sent. Let's say you're watching
Angie's net connection because you think she is guilty of Thoughtcrime.
At 12:34, Andie sends an encrypted message to soda. Say that soda hasn't
received any messages for 5 hours before 10:14, then receives 4 between
10:15 and the time Angie's mailer connects to port 25 of soda's
remailer. You wait until soda spits out 4 messages, then the 5th is
Angie's. You do this through the entire remailer chani, and when Angie's
message gets to its destination, you can see it, and trace it back to
This is bad.
Now, if soda had queued a few messages, then spit them out in random
order in random chuinks, traffic analysis would be much less effective.
For examples of how evil traffic analysis can be, just watch a few
episodes of Deep Space Nine. I shudder whenever Otto says "Quark, you
have sent 5 messages to the Romulan high command this week." or whatever.
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-06-18 10:04:32
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: totally secure email? 
Howdy!  I'm trying to totally secure email as soon as it comes into a site,
before it hits me mailbox.  I don't have root access, though. :(
What I've tried is to do a "|pgp -feat ecarp|rmail erc%khijol at apple.com",
but pgp just produces empty files!  If I execute it by hand, it works.
Anyone know either (1) why it isn't working wnd how to fix it, or (2)
suggect a better alternative?  For political reasons, my email must be encrypted
as soon as it hits the site before it gets dropped in my mailbox, or the sysadmin
will read it (snoopy bugger) and find out I'm looking for a job elsewhere.
Thanks for all your help!!

@_date: 1994-06-18 13:41:30
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: Position Escrow System 
Tim's at it again.  :)  Keep it up, Tim ... I got a good chuckle out
of this one :)

@_date: 1994-06-18 13:42:15
@_author: Jason C Miller 
@_subject: ANOTHER CELLULAR VIC 
This is kind of offtopic, but I wanted to correct something.
At least from what I know, if you place a 911 call from a cellular, it
doesn't pass any information on the phone number (or car) at all.  This
was originally posted on from the telcom groups.  I later tested it in
some respect.  E911 uses ANI to get your number, so I did a check on ANI
from a cellular.  The number ANI gets is a call-out-only line from the
cellular MTSO.
So how'd they find him? Your friend comes along with you on your run
from the cops.  You take his bronco (dumb move  you use HIS cellular
phone not a payphone (dumb move  you place long calls so the FCC can
track you in one of those nifty vans you only see in LA and NYC (dumb
move  and you call people who the government would expect you to
call (dumb move   Well, with a simple addition they could have the
phone company add ANI to all his family/friends. Then they would know
its a cellular, and knowing that, they kinda guessed who owned it.  I
don't give them that much credit though, probably a tip from a
friend/family told the LAPD/FBI/CIA/NSA/FCC/BLAH that he was calling
from his friends Bronco. Then its a matter of waiting for another
cellular call. At that point, you'd know the tower (about a one mile
radius) and then you'd could easy send cops or a trianglulation van to
hunt him down with a 99% sucess rate.
Why anyone would attempt to run like this baffles me.  Unless he was
just stalling for time, he did things I think my little sister even
knows NOT to do in that situation.
Once again, sorry for the blurb, lets get back to cryptography.
In the end we will conserve only what we love, we will love only what we
understand, we will understand only what we are taught.

@_date: 1994-06-18 14:18:53
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: totally secure email? 
True, but I don't know if he'd think of this one...
I'm curious - all the stuff that comes with PGP says to not let your secret
key /pass phrase out of your sight, but why is it necessary to guard your
secret key so carefully?  After all, you have to type your pass phrase to
use the secret key, so without the pass phrase, the secret key is useless,
isn't it?  I mean, besides just destroying it...
Well, that's already happening, but it's hard to stop someone from dropping
a piece of email in your mailbox saying, "xxx gave me your resume, and it
looks good.  Can we talk?"

@_date: 1994-06-19 20:43:31
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: Corporations and Encryption 
Clancy mentioned a scenario that corporations (and others) might be able to
take advantage of - the so-called "Canary Trap".  Instead of identical copies
of a sensitive memo being made, slightly different copies are prepared
instead.  The meaning isn't changed, but the precise wording is, so that if
someone quites verbatim, the precise wording will indicate which document
was leaked, and hence the leaker.  I know for a fact that the United States
and Canada use this for their classified material, at least some of it.
This is not entirely true, as the courts have ruled that certain contractual
agreements, even when made between consensual parties, may be null and
void, because they go against public policy.  Consider if I contract with
you to kill someone, and at the conclusion of the contract I will pay you
a certain amount of money.  So, you wax the guy, and come to me with his ear
or left testicle or whatever, demanding payment.  I give you the finger, and
instead of putting a .22 hollowpoint between my eyes, you take me to court.
The courts would rule that the contract had no force of law, because it
essentially was a contrat to do something that was against public policy.
Same with illegal "contracts" some companies coerce people into signing as
a condition of employment.  The companies can argue that the employees signed
them of their own free will, but the courts would hold that if the act was
illegal, there can be no binding contract.

@_date: 1994-06-20 02:09:15
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: Having your own computer means never having.... 
I think you're right.  The ability to verify a signature that would be
impossible to repudiate is a strong one.  Tamperproof documents that preserve
privacy are all powerful incentives for a company to adopt strong crypto and

@_date: 1994-06-21 05:32:14
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: ADMIN: Test message 
This should only be goin to the list maintainers.
ugh Daniel

@_date: 1994-06-21 05:36:29
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: ADMIN: Test message 
Something is broken with the full list, and it seems that I have to waste
everybodys bandwidth to figure it out... not good.  My apologies.
ugh Daniel

@_date: 1994-06-21 05:55:38
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: ADMIN: MajorDomo Meltdown 
Reminds me of the old saying, "if builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization."  I won't start on my rant as to this is one major reason I hate shell scripts... no, I'll keep my big fly-trap shut (for

@_date: 1994-06-22 02:27:27
@_author: Timothy L. Nali 
@_subject: Need advice on starting to make PGP library 
Hi all.
Recently, there was a tread about getting pgp to the masses.  There was
a general consenus that nice GUIs are needed to get pgp used by the
masses.  THere needs to be a MS Windows version that is easy to use.
The bast way to go about doing this is to turn pgp into a library that
other programmers can link into thier code.  Once the library is
finished, people could roll GUIs for every platform out there.  FOr
example, under MS Windows, if a pgp DLL (Dynamic Link Library) existed,
we could use something as simple as Visual Basic to make an easy-to-use
front end for pgp.  It also shouldn't be so difficult to incoporate a
pgp library into various mailers and newsreaders.
Now, I'm not one of those who dream up some grandiose idea and then
expect someone else to do it.  I plan to make (or at least try) a pgp
library.  However, I am rather new to all this, so I could use some
1)  I going to use C++ for this.  Are there any platforms that do not
have a c++ compiler, or is there any other good reason to stick with C.
2)  Should I use the MIT version or the pgp2.6ui version as a starting
point?  I am in the United States.
3)  Assuming I complete this, how do I release the code without having
somebody break down my door? (the export and patent nonsense.  Isn't
living in america dandy :-)
 Tim Nali            \  "We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of
 tn0s at andrew.cmu.edu  \   the dreams" -Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory

@_date: 1994-06-22 05:40:59
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: your mail 
And if that doesn't work, crawl up the spectrum a bit.  The higher in frequency you go, the more thermal noise you'll see.
Gee, it's *good* to be able to write something intelligent in response to one of Phil's posts... :)

@_date: 1994-03-01 12:11:49
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: Insecurity of public key crypto #2 (reply to May) 
[The BBS I use seems to have brain damage.  Apologies if this
has already been posted.]
Anybody with 700 co-conspirators is asking for trouble, since at least
one of them is sure to be a federal agent.  Encryption is for concealing
"sensitive" information.  If it's not sensitive, why bother?  If it is
sensitive then you'd better be damn sure you can trust the person you're
sending it to.
It's not that simple.  Terry Ritter has pointed out on sci.crypt that
the problem with PGP is the validation of public keys used.  In other
words, the security hole in the use of PGP is not in the encryption
methods used, or in the use of PGP itself, but in the possibility of
being duped by someone (or some nefarious federal agency) spreading
bogus public keys. It's not enough to have a public key which you
believe is the public key of a person you wish to communicate securely
with - you also have to be sure that the private key which corresponds
to this public key is known only to that person, in other words, that
the public key really did come from the person you believe it came
from.  If you get the (presumed) public key of some person X from some
directory of public keys, or from some third party, how can you be
sure it didn't originate with someone who wants to monitor all the
encrypted messages being sent to X?  Terry Ritter has explained how a
third party can place themselves in the middle of encrypted communications
between two people using PGP and monitor everything they say to each other
- and this without having to crack RSA or IDEA.
This method of eavesdropping applies only to public key encryption
systems, not to secret key systems, so I suggest that the latter are
still of interest (even to cypherpunks), not only for encrypting data
that stays on your hard disk but also for encrypted communications.
rom owner-cypherpunks  Tue Mar  1 12:11:49 1994
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA28180; Tue, 1 Mar 94 12:11:49 PST
Received: from wet.UUCP by toad.com id AA28156; Tue, 1 Mar 94 12:11:44 PST
Received: by wet.uucp (/\=-/\ Smail3.1.18.1 Precedence: bulk
[My BBS is having fits lately.  Apologies if this has already been posted.]
Infinitely?  You mean there is absolutely *no* difficulty involved
in using PGP?  I quit using it up quite a while back.  Couldn't be
bothered with the hassle.
Digital signatures, yes.  I haven't had a need for 'em so far (I'm not
setting up a digital bank).
Only "sensitive" information is worth encrypting and if you want to
stay out of trouble you don't go giving sensitive information to
someone you don't know.  A certain mutual knowledge and trust between
two people has to be establish before any exchange of sensitive information.
Crypto is for concealing information from those you don't want to see it.
Public key crypto is thus not fundamentally different from symmetric key
crypto.  The difference is in communication of the encryption key, which
is not a fundamental difference.  Both kinds of crypto have problems when
it comes to key distribution.  In the case of secret key the problem is
in keeping the key secret.  In the case of public key the problem is in
validating the public key.
"Trust"?  Sure.  Just trust the person you got X's public key from
(who got it from someone who got it from who knows?).  So is X's
public key really X's public key?  Sure, just trust that it's so,
then send X a message and trust that it won't be intercepted by
whoever put out the bogus public key for X.

@_date: 1994-03-02 13:35:16
@_author: Anthony D Ortenzi 
@_subject: Increasing the encrypted/unencrypted ratio (was Re: Insecurity of public key crypto #1 (reply to Mandl)) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 2-Mar-94 Increasing the
encrypted/un.. by Eric Hughes at ah.com Well, I know that this might be a bit of a "crazy" idea, but would the
best way to distribute an encrypted mailing list be to have a PGP setup
where there is a public key to the mailing list, and all recipients are
given copies of the secret key?  I know that it might be a bit stupid
from the security side, but if each person was using PGP, the secret key
would be PGP encrypted and sent with that person's public key, ensuring
that only subscribers would get it, and then using that secret key to
decrypt the messages as they are recieved?
Just wonderin'....
                                        Anthony

@_date: 1994-03-02 13:42:40
@_author: Anthony D Ortenzi 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 1-Mar-94 Re:  Dorothy Denning by
Black Unicorn at access.dig Chill... I thought that our prime objective was to defeat Clipper...
even if you don't like Ross, he does have some pull with the people of
this country, and that's what we need... we need the *PEOPLE* to fight
Clipper.  We need the fight not to just be "a group of civil libertarians", but
the general populous.  Maybe Ross isn't the answer, but at least I've
taken a real step to try to oppose Clipper.  What the hell have you
done, Black Unicorn?
                                        Anthony

@_date: 1994-03-03 10:09:43
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Need info on Encyption book 
Haha... sounds more like "How to encrypt messages so that prying eyes
can read them too."
Character substitution?  You'll need to do a lot better than that to
beat cryptanalysis.  A simple character substitution array wouldn't fool
most people on this list if they took a serious crack at it.

@_date: 1994-03-06 10:48:27
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Stealth PGP 
There are actually several clever ways that you can get around the
problem with the RSA encrypted data being less than the modulus.  The
simplest is to encrypt it more than once.
Suppose you have a modulus m of legnth n.  You then create a block of
data to encrypt, b, of legnth n. If b is less than m, encrypt it with
RSA.  If not, don't encrypt it.  Then take 2^n-b-1 (which, btw, is the
same as xoring b with all one-bits).  If that result is less than m,
encrypt it with RSA.  Since m is greater than half of 2^n (it must be,
otherwise it would be less than legnth n), all possible plaintexts will
be encrypted at least once with RSA, some twice.  This does leave a
somewhat uneven distribution of values when comparing plaintext and
ciphertext (which can be minimized by more encryptions), but that only
shows up when and if the message is decrypted; as long as you use random
padding properly before encrypting, the encrypted data will look
completely random.
My ideal "Stealth-PGP" would work something like this: Take a file,
encrypt it with a random session key, prepend the session key to the
file, encrypt the first n bytes (which include the session key and part
of the encrypted data) with RSA if it's less than m, XOR it (reverse all
bits), and then encrypt with RSA if that's less than m.
Actually, putting the data inside the RSA might not be a good idea, it
would not work well for small files unless you added a legnth byte. Maybe the RSA part could just be filled with random padding...

@_date: 1994-03-07 12:37:19
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: basic RSA info 
okay...  overall pretty good tho.
The encryption exponent must not contain any common factors with
(p-1)(q-1).  This means that it is always odd, but that's not
necessarily the only factor that you need to check.
The remainder, not the quotient.  Usually written as E = P^s mod l

@_date: 1994-03-07 13:23:50
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: Welcome to the foia-keys announcement list; request update 
You expressed interest in my FOIA request for the Clipper key database.
Here's a minor update on the request.
We send all our FOIA requests by registered mail, return reciept
requested.  According to the Post Office, NIST received our request on
28 Feb 94.  This means that their response is due ten or twenty
business days after that day.
Based on experience, we believe that an actual timely response is
unlikely; the government doesn't feel an obligation to follow the law.
However, I encourage you to call or write NIST's FOIA officer (Karl
Bell, Deputy Director of Administration, NIST, Building 101,
Gaithersburg, Maryland) to indicate your interest in both the content
and the timeliness of his response.

@_date: 1994-03-08 18:49:15
@_author: Tom Jennings 
@_subject: (forward message on privacy) (fwd) 
Humans are worth more money, and genotyping will do the same thing, for
cheaper, and with little outcry. Implanted chips means at least a
doctors visit for every humasn in the country; genotyping only happens
like fingerprinting, when you get a drivers license or soemthing. I think the underlying concern is OK, but misplaced worrying about
kitty-cats. Cats can certainly be violated, but usually aren't aware of
it ahead of time, and there's not much they can do about it :-)
Consider also they generally *kill* cats they can't return. A chip
implant under these circumstances seems not a problem.

@_date: 1994-03-10 10:24:07
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: The Coming Police State 
Just to throw some statistics into the works here.  I've been keeping
logs of usage of my remailer and my remailer list server... (which I
know is horribly uncypherpunkish- unfortunantly I've found it to be
necessary. (Originally, I had no logs.)  Every few days, someone will
toss a screwball message into my mail filter that doesn't have the
proper headers and it'll foul things up.  For example, today I got a
message from "xxx at cosmos".  His mailer did not use the FQDN... I get a
lot of other crap like that too.)  But the logs provide some relevant
In the last two weeks, I've had requests for the remailer list requests from:
Unknown country (ie .com .org .edu), probably mostly US, but not
necessarily: 77
(breakdown: .com 25 .edu 43 .org 3 .net 6)
.gov: 1  (nasa, btw)
.ca 9
.uk 6
.de 6
.au 3
.it 1
.se 1
.ch 1
.nl 1
.no 1
Total requests: 107
The problem is not lack of interest, but lack of usage.  These stats are
just for the last two weeks (2/24-3/10); my software has been
operational for more than a month.  Probably close to 200 people have
requested the info.  I think it would be a fair assumption to say that
most never used a remailer or just experimented with it once or twice. Probably only a small fraction actually used one of the remailers.  I
suppose the learning curve is just too steep for most people, or the
remailers are just too much trouble, or they're just not useful enuf.
Of these 107, only 16 got an anon address from my remailer.  Even fewer
tried using it.  And although I mention where to get the software,
exactly zero of my 100+ interested people have actually set up a
remailer themselves.  And the hacktic.nl never seems to have gotten off
the ground either.  (And the caltech remailer seems to be gone. :(   And
I'm using too many ands.:)
I agree, we need more remailers outside of the US.  But I think we need
more than just remailers.  We have remailers.  We have software.  We
need a PLAN.

@_date: 1994-03-10 22:02:24
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Improvement of remailer security 
boldt at math.ucsb.edu (Axel Boldt):
Nope...  PGP encrypts the message with a random IDEA key, and then
encrypts the IDEA key with RSA.  You'd have to guess which IDEA key was
used, and encrypt that with RSA.  The SS couldn't guess 2^128 possible
IDEA keys in a hundred years, even with 10 cray supercomputers...  (of
course, they might be able to do it a hundred years from now... but by
then nobody would care about some stupid 20th century email message.)
Karl Barrus's latent-num and truncate-line features on his former
tree-remailer handled all of the traffic-analysis problems rather
nicely, however...
JPP's remailer does this, except it only posts to alt.test.  Maybe you
could convince him to allow it to also forward to remailers when a
remailer public key is specified... :)

@_date: 1994-03-11 11:09:14
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Improvement of remailer security 
No, it was done using port 25.
However, it would be a good idea to block whitehouse.gov for any of you
who run remailers.
Appearantly, this wasn't the first time it's happened, but it is the
highest profile case.  According to several people here, someone at CMU
pulled a similar stunt last year.  He didn't get arrested, but the SS
had a nice long chat with him.  Appearantly the SS investigates dozens
of such prank mails every year...

@_date: 1994-03-13 12:03:46
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Cypher????? 
% telnet chem.ucsd.edu
Trying 132.239.68.1...
Connected to chem.ucsd.edu.
Escape character is '^]'.
Accel UNIX (chem.ucsd.edu)
login: webster
Last login: Sun Mar 13 11:38:36 from 146.122.132.195
Word: cypher
cy-pher chiefly Brit var of
Word: cipher
1ci-pher \'suE-fer\ n, often attrib
[ME, fr. MF cifre, fr. ML cifra, fr. Ar s.ifr empty, cipher, zero]
1a: ZERO 1a
1b: one that has no weight, worth, or influence: NONENTITY
2a: a method of transforming a text in order to conceal its meaning -- compare
     CODE 3b
2b: a message in code
3: ARABIC NUMERAL
4: a combination of symbolic letters; esp: the interwoven initials of
     a name
2cipher vb  ci-phered; ci-pher-ing \-f(e-)ri{nj}\ vi
:to use figures in a mathematical process
~ vt
1: ENCIPHER
2: to compute arithmetically
Word: Connection closed by foreign host.

@_date: 1994-03-15 13:51:49
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Don Listwin, flaming idiot of the month 
Would you care to provide us some background info about Mr. Listwin so
we can decypher this?  :)

@_date: 1994-03-15 20:40:13
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Future Remailers 
hehe...  I did something similiar about two years ago with my friend who
lived across the street...  We took wires, laid them down on the street,
and poured roofing tar over it, then let it dry overnight.  Over the
next few days, heating from the sun and cars driving over it compressed
it to a barely perceptable bump.  The rest of the connection was buried
in plastic pipe under the lawn.  We hooked up a serial line connection. It worked well for several months...  tho a few minor repair jobs were
needed.  The connection met its fate when the street crew came thru and
tore up and repaved the entire street.  We never re-laid the line.  (The
old street was in pretty bad condition, so our "patch" wasn't very
noticable... however it would have been fairly obvious on a newly paved
street.)  Neat trick tho.
I wish it was easier to do things like that...  Has anyone made any
progress with networking over unliscensed radio spectrum?

@_date: 1994-03-15 20:53:03
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: IR Blocking. 
The FBI and CIA are operating in Australia now?  wow...  :)
Acutally, since longer wavelegnths are scattered at greater angles,
frosted glass will scatter infrared better than visible light.  It
probably doesn't amount to a large difference tho...and if it did, they
might move up to ultraviolet.  But UV is much easier you to detect, so
they probably wouldn't risk it.  :)

@_date: 1994-03-16 18:13:15
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Radio Networking 
Ed Switalski :
dwomack at runner.jpl.utsa.edu (David L Womack):
True...  But a simple radio transciever is much cheaper and easier to
build than a laser system or sophisticated meteor bounce hardware.  It
might be possible to use a highly focused beam from a LED instead of a
laser.  Unfortunantly, there is still the problem with the beam getting
About how far can one transmit with 250mw?
Now, how many cypherpunks do you know that would send unencrypted data
over the aitwaves???  Not many.
I know there isn't much respect for the law, but I don't want to make an
obvious ass of myself.
Seems like more trouble than it's worth...  certainly not a convienient
e-mail system.

@_date: 1994-03-16 19:20:37
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: brainstorming on cpunks' eve 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 11-Mar-94 brainstorming on cpunks'
eve by Matt Thomlinson at u.washin [CRs removed for brevity]
Well, I have a little web site. I'm uploading as much
hacker/cyber/clipper stuff as my quota will hold. Feel free to browse.
URL =
Have phun!
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
 finger for Geek |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Code, PGP Key |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"

@_date: 1994-03-16 20:08:21
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: corrupt gov't 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 12-Mar-94  by "Perry E. Metzger" Hmmmm, the question is, what does it say about a government from beating
you enough to permanently disfigure you is you look at their
representatives the wrong way? Hmmmm, and what does it say if said
government continues to run smoothly after the resulting riots/badly
organized revolts?
Shades of LA,
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
 finger for Geek |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Code, PGP Key |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"

@_date: 1994-03-16 20:17:38
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: PowerMacPGP 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 12-Mar-94 Re: PowerMacPGP  by Derek
Atkins at MIT.EDU Actually, the MacPGP 2.2 source compiles pretty much out of the box. As
soon as THINK C for PowerPC comes out, it should be trivial.
Note, the power Macs were released yesterday, they're pretty cool.
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
 finger for Geek |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Code, PGP Key |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"

@_date: 1994-03-17 08:51:02
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Radio Networking 
If so, this might make a very convienient email/chat system... and with
encryption, a great way to hide our anonymous remailer connections from
'Big Brother'.
I must admit I don't know much about radio hardware...  But would it be
possible to link up a large metropolitan area via radio links of this
type and transmit email and such?  I think I could find a lot of sysops
interested in that... no more waiting until night to get netmail!
If the system worked at 300 bps, you could transmit a 2K message in
about one minute.  That would allow over 1000 messages per day, much
less than most small BBS networks, and certainly enough to keep up with
this list.  (Not to mention that ASCII text is very compressable, 50% or
more compression is not difficult in many cases.)
How hard would it be to build a small transmitter/receiver system to
handle data at low bps rates?  And how much would it cost?

@_date: 1994-03-17 11:49:02
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: la cypherpunks 
I will be in the LA area in about two months... Maybe we could have a
cypherpunks meeting somewhere.

@_date: 1994-03-17 17:08:03
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Errata: Digital Telephony hearing, DC, March 18 1994 
Third time's a charm, I guess.
(At least you got the month right on the second try. :)

@_date: 1994-03-18 09:11:07
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Illuminati Online infobot 
#
      #
I keep getting copies of this when I didn't request it.  The mails seem
to be coming in response to posts made to cypherpunks.  Did someone
subscribe info at io.com to the list?  Methinks someone here has a very
bizarre sense of humor...  :)
...wandering off to check to be sure mg5n+remailers isn't subscribed to
the list...

@_date: 1994-03-18 12:59:34
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: spyproofing your house/work building 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 18-Mar-94 Re: spyproofing your
house/.. by Arsen Ray Arachelian at pri Measure the ratio of IR to visible light.

@_date: 1994-03-18 15:52:22
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Locating Color Copiers 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 18-Mar-94 Re: Locating Color Copiers
 by stevenJ at alpha1.csd.uwm.e Actually, they have strips on the tens, too.
Re: passing bills
Okay, so the 10's and 20's have little mylar strips on them.
You can't copy old bills, because they get wrinkles, and, anyway, if
someone handed me a crisp, new 1983 $20 I'd get a bit suspicious. There
are ways to age bills, but they look a lot less convincing.
What night manager at Denny's knows about the strips. How many times
have you seen someone at your local convience store check for the strip
when you hand them a $20. If you travel a lot, and never use counterfiet
bills for transactions where your name is recorded, you can do lots with
counterfiet money.
True, though, if you wanted to sell suitcases of it for $3 per twenty
dollar bill (I just guessed at the price), you may have a problem.
Not a crook,
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
 finger for Geek |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Code, PGP Key |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"

@_date: 1994-03-18 20:07:14
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Counterfieting $$$$ 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 18-Mar-94 Re: Locating Color Copiers
 by stevenJ at alpha1.csd.uwm.e Actually, they have strips on the tens, too.
Re: passing bills
Okay, so the 10's and 20's have little mylar strips on them.
You can't copy old bills, because they get wrinkles, and, anyway, if
someone handed me a crisp, new 1983 $20 I'd get a bit suspicious. There
are ways to age bills, but they look a lot less convincing.
What night manager at Denny's knows about the strips. How many times
have you seen someone at your local convience store check for the strip
when you hand them a $20. If you travel a lot, and never use counterfiet
bills for transactions where your name is recorded, you can do lots with
counterfiet money.
True, though, if you wanted to sell suitcases of it for $3 per twenty
dollar bill (I just guessed at the price), you may have a problem.
Not a crook,
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-03-19 10:23:50
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Administrivia: Questions about the List 
It's not just you.  I'm having the exact same problem.  Most messages
get thru rather quickly, but some have gotten delayed, sometimes by
several days...  The problem is appearantly at toad.com.
Same thing.  I've gotten over 50 reject messages from penet so far. :(
I think Julf did a sweep to eliminate "inactive" accounts, and
unfortunantly set the parameters a bit too broad.  My penet account got
killed too.
The offending addresses seem to be:

@_date: 1994-03-20 13:17:30
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Random Number Generator (was Re: brainstorming on cpunks' eve) 
Well, I don't know if it's useful or not, but for sake of
curiousity/experimentation, I set up a random number server.  Send mail
to mg5n+random at andrew.cmu.edu and it'll spit out 256 bytes of random
data.  :)
The RNG is the same one I use for my remailer.  The random numbers are
generated from (among other things) taking a hash of a listing of the
users who are currently logged-on, so it's impossible to predict what
will come up from one minute to the next.  (Try fingering
wcs at anchor.ho.att.com
Right.  Always crypto-launder random number files before and after
each use.  :-)
Bill Stewart wrote (re timestamps/digital notary):
This shouldn't be too hard to do.  Considering many of the remailers
already support PGP, it shouldn't be too much work to modify the current
remailers to take a message, add a date/time, sign it with PGP, and send
it back.

@_date: 1994-03-24 22:40:37
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Insecurity of DES? 
There's been a lot of talk about how "easy" it is to break DES.  As a
mental exercise I decided to see just how difficult it would be for me
if I really wanted to break a DES key.  There are 116 publicly
availiable unix workstations here on campus (DEC 3100s).  Between 12 am
and 8 am, there are rarely more than 50 users on the systems, including
remote users.  I could probably run processes on 50 of the unused
machines for a few hours every night without being too much of a
nuisance.  Assuming I could try a million DES decryption operations a
second on each (gross overestimation), how long would it take to brute
force a DES key?  Let's suppose for sake of argument that I could get
the machines all day:
2^56 keys / 50 cpus / 1,000,000 per second / 60 seconds / 60 minutes / 24 hours
= 16680 days = 45.7 years
Of course, specially-designed hardware would be much faster.

@_date: 1994-03-24 22:41:33
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
This is not new.  It's been used for years by software companies in
copy-protection schemes.  Ask anyone who's ever "cracked" software. Copy-protection systems rely on the fact that someone can not easily
find and remove the algorythm which impedes duplication.  There are
three common ways of preventing this.  First, the code is encrypted in
layers and modules.  Each module decrypts the next layer and rescrambles
or erases the last.  This prevents the attacker from getting an overall
view of the program, as it is never all accessable at once, but it can
be viewed in peices as it executes.  Secondly, several layers of
interpreted code can be used.  Each layer interprets the next.  In this
way, no assembly language code ever exists in plaintext (except the
first level interpreter).  Finally, the program checksums itself to
prevent tampering.  These methods can never provide foolproof
protection, but they can slow down attacks considerably.  Even the most
determined attacks can be delayed for weeks or months.  But if they want
it bad enough, they can probably reverse-engineer it - as has been said
before, crypto is all economics.
I've considered such possibilities for digital cash, but even if the
algorithm could not be derived from the cryptographically protected
software, it really doesn't solve the double-spending problem.  You can
just copy the entire module, along with all the money, and spend it
twice (on seperate victims, of course).
And all those layers of encryption can make it unbearably slow.

@_date: 1994-03-25 01:42:35
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: :220 HELO T1A 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 25-Mar-94 :220 HELO T1A by Istvan O.
v. Keszi at acs.u Ummm, if you just want to hook up a digital phone line to it so you
could, say, speak into the microphone, sample that and PGP encrypt it
then send it over the line where a person with similar software would
decrypt and listen... (or maybe you just want a fast data link, anyway)
The power MAcs, I belive, are equipped with fast serial lines (GeoPort)
and you can purchase an ISDN compatable modem to interface to the Mac. I
don't belive you need to mess around with NuBus cards at all.
Now, just a little hacking around with the Sound Manager and MacPGP...
darklord at cmu.edu | "it's not a matter of rights  / it's just a matter of war
finger me for my |  don't have a reason to fight / they never had one before"
   Geek Code and |                                    -Ministry, "Hero"
  PGP public key |

@_date: 1994-05-01 11:43:15
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: MAIL: remailer list 
Are you sure about  and   I haven't gotten the berkeley one to
work.  I was able to post through pws.bull.com, however, it seems to be
on a UUCP feed and messages get delayed 2-3 days.  Using
group.name at bull.com is much faster, and also doesn't require dashes, so
you can post to groups like alt.privacy.anon-server, alt.ascii-art, etc.
 This is my current list:
group.name at demon.co.uk
group.name at news.demon.co.uk
group.name at news.cs.indiana.edu
group.name at bull.com
group.name at cass.ma02.bull.com
group.name at undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca
group.name at magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu
group.name at ccs.uwo.ca (Kills headers, generates new Message-ID)
group.name at julian.uwo.ca (Kills headers, generates new Message-ID)
group.name at uunet.ca (Limited newsgroups)
group.name at cs.dal.ca (Limited newsgroups)
group.name at ug.cs.dal.ca (Limited newsgroups)
group.name at paris.ics.uci.edu (Limited newsgroups)
group.name.usenet at decwrl.dec.com (Preserves ALL headers)
uunet.ca and cs.dal.ca will bounce the message if it doesn't support the
newsgroup.  paris.ics.uci.edu will just eat it and you'll never see it
again.  uunet.ca doesn't seem to support any alt.groups.  Also, demon
and uwaterloo will preserve most headers (ie comments, etc)  dec.com
will preserve all the headers, including all Received: headers.  The
rest usually remove the non-essential ones.  Uwaterloo, ohio-state, and
Dalhousie insert Orginization: headers advertising their university, but
uci (University of California, Irvine) and uwo.ca (University of Western
Ontario) don't. (-;

@_date: 1994-05-01 11:47:28
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Another remailer 
Actually, it's been changed to anon at jpunix.com.  It's running the same
software as Patrick Oonk's, so the headers come out messed up and you
can't chain remailers... :(  Maybe if we ask him nicely, he'll put it
back.  He did revoke the public key, I have no idea why the hell he did

@_date: 1994-05-02 14:39:36
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: WSJ article on PGP 
I think it's: 6095475 at mcimail.com (William Bulkeley)

@_date: 1994-05-03 22:49:15
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Just what I always wanted - my very own list of 8 digit prime numbers! Thank you so much!

@_date: 1994-05-04 16:41:27
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: DOJ Clipper documents scheduled for summer release under FOIA 
As you know, there has been much debate about the Clipper Chip initiative, but relatively little hard information.  John Gilmore, member of the board of directors of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, filed FOIA requests to numerous government agencies last April after the Clipper plan was announced.  In June 1993, he filed a FOIA lawsuit against the Justice Department ("DOJ") and the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI").
Gilmore v. FBI, et al, C-93-2117, U.S. District Judge Charles
Legge, Northern District of California.
As a result of this lawsuit, the Justice Department has agreed to a staggered release of some documents about Clipper and Digital Telephony.  The Justice Department and Gilmore signed a joint stipulation and agreement on Friday, April 29, 1994, in which the Justice Department and several other federal agencies agreed to release documents over the next several months:
          a)     DOJ's Office of Information and Privacy ("OIP") will
transmit all documents recovered in its search for responsive
documents that it has identified as requiring referrals or
consultations to the appropriate agencies or DOJ components by
May 31, 1994.  OIP will complete processing of all documents that
it has identified as not requiring referrals or consultations to
other agencies or DOJ components by June 20, 1994.
          b)     DOJ's Justice Management Division ("JMD") will
complete processing of all documents recovered in its search for
responsive documents, excluding documents which have been
referred for processing to other agencies, by July 30, 1994.
          c)     The Office of Management and Budget ("OMB") will
respond to all DOJ consultation requests which OMB had received
as of April 20, 1994 by May 20, 1994.
          d)    The National Security Agency ("NSA") will respond to
all DOJ consultation requests which it had received as of April
20, 1994 by July 18, 1994.  NSA will complete processing of all
documents which had been referred to it by DOJ as of April 20,
1994 for direct response to plaintiff by July 18, 1994.
          e)     The National Security Council ("NSC") will respond to
all DOJ consultation requests which NBC had received as of April
20, 1994 by July 29, 1994.
          f)     The Department of Commerce and National Institute of
Standards and Technology (collectively "Commerce") will respond
to all DOJ consultation requests which Commerce had received as
of April 20, 1994 by August 7, 1994.  Commerce will complete
processing of all documents which had been referred to it by DOJ
as of April 20, 1994 for direct response to plaintiff by August
7,  1994.
The documents being processed by the NSC include the Presidential Review
Directive and Presidential Decision Directive which started the Clipper
initiative.  We have been informed that NSC is processing the two
final versions as well as 68 draft versions. We have also been informed that documents produced in the course
of the OMB legislative clearance process for the Digital Telephony
Bill are being processed.  This should provide insight into how the
government decided to proceed with this bill.
We have also been informed that there are approximately 25 documents produced in the course of the government's solicitation
of industry views on Clipper. Obviously, we do not know how much useful information will be
released.  It is probable that the documents will be heavily redacted.
Given the recent directives from the President and the Attorney General
that all possible discretionary disclosures of information should be made,
we hope, optimistically, that these disclosures will prove illuminating.
Unfortunately, the FBI is not a party to this agreement.  We are in
the process of attempting to obtain the release of about 3000 pages
of FBI records.  FBI has told the Court that it will be approximately
2 years and 8 months before it will even begin processing Gilmore's
request, and that actual processing will take about a year, if not more.
We believe that this delay is unlawful and cannot be countenanced. The FBI offered to complete its processing a year from when we sign an
agreement; we believe they should process these documents in a maximum
of six months (which would be a year and a half from our original FOIA
request).  Note that this processing time only includes their initial
response to us; they will undoubtedly withhold many documents and
parts of documents which we will contest the withholding of.  This
will take additional time, probably years.  Because we and the FBI
have been unable to agree, we have presented this controversy to the
Court, and Judge Legge will decide what deadlines to impose on the
The agreement mentioned above does not include NSA except to the
extent that NSA is reviewing documents submitted to it by the
Department of Justice.  We also filed a FOIA request with NSA for all
of its documents on Clipper, and have received no response after a
year.  We have an existing lawsuit against NSA's pattern and practice
of delay in responding to FOIA requests.  Depending on how that suit
develops, we will take some kind of legal action to force them to
Lee Tien (Attorney for John Gilmore) and John Gilmore
tien at well.sf.ca.us			 gnu at toad.com
PLEASE REDISTRIBUTE IF YOU LIKE.

@_date: 1994-05-04 17:21:44
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Hiding data in gzip files (forwarded) 
Actually it's not quite so simple to detect.  gzip lets you specify the
level of compression that you want to use.  So simply uncompressing and
recompressing it won't necessarily give you the same size file unless
you happened to specify the same compression level.  Compression levels
might also be affected depending on what version was used to compress
it.  You could probably detect it by looking for nonuniform compression
in the file, but you'd have to write a special program to do that.  In
any case, it's not so simple as just decompressing and recompressing.
A better method of hiding data would be this: In normal compression,
when a duplicate string is found in the data, it is replaced with a
pointer to the last occurance.  However, if there is a string with two
pervious occurances, within a short enough distance, the offset could be
set to point to either one.  As long as the offsets aren't too far
apart, using one doesn't take any more space than using the other.  In
this way, data can be hidden without making the compressed file any
larger.  Of course, it could still be detected because gzip doesn't
normally compress that way, but the person looking for the data would
need special software to do it.

@_date: 1994-05-04 21:38:19
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Keyserver service outage 
Whoa...  why not???  PGP 2.4 output is identical to 2.3a!
Is PGP 2.5 somehow incompatible with 2.3a?
Besides, if you take a PGP 2.3 key and change the version number to 2.4,
the software can't tell the difference... Let's not play stupid games. Either it's compatible with 2.3 AND 2.4 or it isn't.
Anyway, PGP 2.5 is news to me... Does it have any new features?  Limitations?

@_date: 1994-05-05 16:18:41
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Keyserver service outRAGE 
I don't see why RSA would waste their time trying to get one keyserver
to stop accepting keys from PGP 2.3a, when there are plenty of others
availiable. (And most people just put their keys in their finger/plan
files and don't bother to put them on the keyservers anyway.)  My first
guess would be that they wanted to create some incentive to use the
newer version of PGP.  But that's ridiculous - its legally licensed RSA
code is supposed to be the incentive to use it.  So playing games with
the keyserver is rather ridiculous.  However, RSA is well known for
irrational thought, such as complaining about PGP, but giving away RIPEM
for free.  So maybe this is just their twisted way of trying to gain
themselves (in their own minds) some publicity or credibility or
whatever.  However, I suspect RSA is doing this for legal/political
reasons too.  It's pretty hard for them to claim patent infringement
against anyone with all these people "infringing" on their patent by
using PGP, and them not doing anything about it.  If they can get people
to use RSAREF PGP, they don't set as strong a precedent for not
defending their patent.  It then might be easier for them to claim
patent infringement in other cases.  But that's just a guess.

@_date: 1994-05-05 18:46:06
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Marked_Money 
Only if the depositor marks them as such.  The depositor generates the
coin, and gives it to the bank to sign it.  The bank signs it in
exchange for another valid signed token.  The bank can't alter it in any
way, the bank can only sign it.

@_date: 1994-05-06 18:58:37
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: The ITARs 
EFF was soliciting letter in email for Rep. Cantwell that they would
print out and deliver.  Are they still doing this?  And what's the
status of the bill?

@_date: 1994-05-07 17:27:26
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks is gated to Usenet 
Well, I just found out that someone has gated the cypherpunks list to
Usenet.  Which means, if you send mail to the list, and include a
Newsgroups: header, the message will also be cross-posted to the
specified newsgroups.

@_date: 1994-11-19 03:04:17
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: Verifying RC4 
I suggest that someone apply for expedited export permission for some
small piece of software that uses the "apparent reverse-engineered
RC4".  Tell them that you want to export crypto software containing
RC4 on the 7-day plan.  The State Department will send you a set of
test-vectors which you can use to prove that you're really using the
real RC4.  If you pass, and are given export permission, then I guess
the rev-eng version is the real thing.  Be sure your keys are 40 bits
or less (only for purposes of the test export; I don't recommend short
keys for any other purpose).
Full bureaucratic details are at ftp://ftp.cygnus.com/pub/export/cjr.kit.
Search for "test vector".  This info is also reachable from my Web
page on crypto export, Please email me a full copy of any CJ that you submit, so I can add it
to the Web page (along with the eventual response from the gov't).

@_date: 1994-11-20 21:41:21
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: MIT/RSA license documents available 
More information has come out in the court case(s) between RSA and Cylink.
In particular, the license between MIT and RSA, which gives RSA the
exclusive rights to license the RSA patent, and its various amendments
over the years, are all available from the US District Court for
the Northern District of Calif.
For some reason, this court is in Oakland rather than in SF where
other cases in the Northern District are held.  The judge is Claudia
Wilken and it's case   The license and amendments are in
the Attachments to document  ("Declaration of Robert B.
Foughner...")  and are all stamped "RSA DATA SECURITY CONFIDENTIAL"
just for fun.
In document  D. James Bidzos declares, under penalty of perjury,
"On or about August 4, 1994, I received a telephone call from a
customer of PKP.  In this conversation, he told me that he had
reviewed a copy of Cylink's complaint against RSA on an Internet
Bulletin Board.  Since then, I have myself reviewed Cylink's complaint
against RSA on the Internet, as well as copies of RSA's motions to
dismiss and to stay the arbitration.
"When I entered the Agreement of Intent with Cylink in April of 1990
on behalf of RSA, I understood that all disputes respecting the patent licensing business we had established in PKP would be arbitrated.  I
entered this arbitration agreement, in part, to ensure the disputes
between RSA and Cylink over the MIT patents would remain private,
since the two companies were jointly licensing those patents to third
parties.  Since Cylink went outside the arbitration agreement and
filed this lawsuit in federal court, I have received at least 25
communications (by telephone call, E-mail message, letter, fax, or
face to face discussion) about the dispute.  I have been asked
repeatedly how PKP could license a patent when one of PKP's partners
believes the patent is invalid.
"This public federal court action filed by Cylink to invalidate the
MIT patent has been very damaging to both RSA and the PKP partnership
as a whole.  I do not believe that I can clear my company RSA's good
name, or that of PKP unless Cylink's broad and insistent demands for a
license to use the MIT patent are also litigated in public."
So, even Jim seems to think that spreading this information is a good
idea.  If somebody (the Information Liberation Front?) wants to scan
this stuff in, I'll be glad to provide a Web/FTP site where people can
get it.

@_date: 1994-11-22 01:31:02
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: more on twwells 
That the mailing list material was funneled through khijol to asar in an
obvious attempt to hide the poster's true identity doesn't bother me a bit.
What *does* bother me is taht Bill Wells tries to blame it on *me*, stating
that *I* was the one who posted the material.  Not that it's really relevent
*who* posted it, it just annoys me that the guy is so damned paranoid.  I
wonder why?  What's he afraid of?
Gee, sounds a little like LD...

@_date: 1994-11-26 15:12:55
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: money laundering 
I think that most people forget that as soon as that sort of money enters the
banking system, it can be tracked.  "Wire $20K to XXX" presumes that that
$20K came from somewhere, and unless you're careful about where it came
from and where it's going, you could be buying yourself a whole lot of
unwanted attention, even if it's a prefectly legitimate transaction.  Coming
in with a suitcase full of money is bound to get you talked about, and writing
a check... well...
It's getting rather difficult to move large sums of money around nowadays if
it either enters or leaves the US banking system, and if it's a friendly
nation (which Canada is), if the Feds have a reason to look at you, an
international border isn't going to prove much of a drawback.

@_date: 1994-11-28 07:41:47
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: usenet-to-mail,ftp-to-mail,xxxx-to-mail 
Here's a script that you might want to use as a base:
(echo helo;echo mail from:\<`logname` rcpt to:\<$1\>;echo data
echo X-Info-1: This message was sent using fastmail 0.1 - contact ecarp at netcom.com
echo X-Info-2: for more information. Copyright 1994 by Ed Carp.
echo .;echo quit)|telnet `echo $1|cut -f2 -d 25

@_date: 1994-11-28 22:08:53
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: Need program pointers 
The NSA has done the same thing with a tunneling electron microscope.  That
was a published report, too...

@_date: 1994-11-29 08:40:07
@_author: Rick Busdiecker 
@_subject: PGP Enhanced Messaging (PEM) 
I've made my PGP Enhanced Messaging (PEM) available via anonymous FTP
on H.GP.CS.CMU.EDU in /usr/rfb/pem/.  This is free software available
under the terms GNU Public License.
I'm enclosing some information from the +Read.Me+ file for the
distribution archive (ftp://h.gp.cs.cmu.edu/usr/rfb/pem/) as well as
the one for the the software itself.
Changes since the most recent distributed version include:
 - New keybindings that meet RMS specifications.
 - Some fine tuning related to generating and verifying `header
   signatures' for messages that include lines starting with either
   "From " or ">From ".
If you pick this up, please send mail to me  to let me
This is a distribution archive for PGP Enhanced Messaging (PEM).  The
files contained here are:
+Read.Me+		This file
pem.tar.gz		compressed (with gzip) archive
pem.tar.gz.asc		PGP signed and armored compressed archive
pem.tar.gz.sig		detached signature for pem.tar.gz
rfb at cmu.edu		my public key block
 - There is no uuencoded file.  pem.tar.gz.asc can be mailed safely.
 - If you're concerned about tampering at this archive site, you
   should fetch my public key block from elsewhere.  The public key
   server at pgp-public-keys at pgp.mit.edu is a good place to get it.
PGP Enhanced Messaging (PEM) should not be confused with the Privacy
Enhanced Mail standard (PEM).  Information on integrating PEM into
your GNU Emacs environment is included at the end of this file.
The idea behind PEM is to provide a set of Emacs Lisp functions to
augment common mailers and newsreaders with PGP related operations.
PEM is implemented in layers.  There are customization variables
defined at each level.  They are described later in this document.
At the highest level, each supported
messaging package has a file that implements the functions that are
specific to that package.  Currently there are:
  pem-mhe.el	For use with mh-e.el, and Emacs interface to the MH mailer.
  pem-gnus.el	For use with the GNUS newsreader.
Appropriate hook functions are defined which add standard function
bindings to the various modal key maps.  Typically, the following
bindings will be in place in any message related buffer:
  C-c C-d    Decrypt next PGP block in current message
  C-c C-e    Encrypt current message
  C-c C-i    Insert a public key into a message
  C-c C-n    sign aNd encrypt current message
  C-c C-s    Sign current message
  C-c C-v    Verify next PGP signed block in current message
  C-c C-x    Extract next public key from message
[ Note: This is a change from previous versions where, for example,
  C-c d and C-c D would be defined.  RMS says to do bindings this way
  and leave those other bindings for users ]
Where possible, in buffers which are for composing messages, the
standard mechanism for committing (sending or posting) a message will
be augmented to support signing and/or encrypting.
In buffers which are not for composing messages, the upper case
versions are also defined without the C-c prefix, e. g. "D" will
decrypt the current message.  A notable exception to this is the GNUS
*Summary* buffer which has the following default bindings:
 D	gnus-summary-mark-as-read-backward
 N	gnus-summary-next-article
 V	gnus-version
 X	gnus-summary-delete-marked-with
Note that in some contexts, some of these bindings don't make sense.
They are still bound, however, the function to which they are bound
signals an error indicating the operation is inappropriate.  For
example, it does not make sense to insert your public key into the
body of a news article that you are reading.  However, some `obvious'
restrictions are relaxed when dealing with mail.  When you attempt to
encrypt a mail message which you are reading, it may be `self
encrypted', that is, the message body will be encrypted such that only
you can decrypt it.
Each of the package specific files are built on functions defined in
pem.el.  It contains generic message operations and deals with issues
like parsing headers and addresses, and identifying PGP armored
At the core is npgp.el -- New pgp.el -- so named as to avoid conflicts
with the pgp.el, maintained by Gray Watson  and Jack
Repenning , which is available through various
elisp archives.  This runs PGP asynchronously and is able to deal with
the erratic prompting that PGP sometimes does.  For example, the first
time that you use an untrusted key, PGP will prompt asking if you're
sure that you want to use it.  npgp.el passes the question on to you,
using standard Emacs prompting to get the answer from you.
PEM also uses passwd.el by Jamie Zawinski  to read
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-11-30 03:09:49
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: The Market for Crypto--In Real Life 
Tim May ranted:
As Heinlein said, babies aren't too likely either.
I'm immediately looking for a contractor to work on documentation for
Cygnus Network Security, the Kerberos software.  Our goal is to create
a finished product.  A bunch of us dabblers already created the
company and got it to make money.  If you're interested, send me mail
at gnu at cygnus.com and show me why you'd be good at it and how soon
you're available.  The writer who started the job ended up unable to
finish it for personal reasons.  It'll help a lot to be in Boston or
SF Bay Area since our Kerberos engineers who can explain what to write
are there.
I'm also "likely to" eventually need another crypto programmer,
contract or full time.  For this we don't have a burning need yet, but
talk to me if you might come available, and stay in touch.  General
programming wizardry on some platform is the basic requirement.  Not
mastery, not skill, not a degree.  Wizardry -- exceptional skill.
Interest and expertise in crypto technology, markets, and politics are
desirable.  Interest and expertise in the guts of compiler tools is
also desirable, since that's our other main business, and people swap
back and forth at times.
Yes, it's a job posting.  I just couldn't resist this followup to Tim.
And I suspect some of you might actually care to read job postings for
crypto jobs here; I would.
John Gilmore                gnu at toad.com  --  gnu at cygnus.com  --  gnu at eff.org
Can we talk in private?      			   Chairman, Crypto Committee
Not if the FBI and NSA have their way.   Electronic Frontier Foundation Board
Let's sell free crypto software.     Product Manager, Cygnus Network Security

@_date: 1994-10-01 14:45:15
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Technical Remailer Analysis. 
This attack can be defeated if both Alice and Bob are running remailers.
Then their correspondence is hidden in the 100 messages a day of
remailer traffic.  An observer can not tell wether the messages were for
Alice or Bob, or if they were for the remailer (assuming latency was
used) or if they were bit bucket messages.  Alice could even forward her
personal messages to a bitbucket (after saving a copy for herself) to
further increase security.  This is why everyone should be running a
remailer if they are concerned about their privacy.

@_date: 1994-10-04 15:54:41
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: penet remailer 
Depends on your definition of secure.  Since it is run on Julf's
personal computer, I'd say the hardware is secure from tampering.  But,
given that it does not support PGP, and has the potential to reveal
anonymous IDs when cross-posting, and has had problems with spoofed mail
etc, I would say it's not very sercure.

@_date: 1994-10-05 14:47:54
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: Digital Telephony vote TODAY 7PM Eastern 
According to EFF staffer Jonah Seiger:
The bill is expected to be voted on in both the House and Senate TODAY! The House is expected to vote at about 7:00 pm (ET) and the Senate shortly
there after (although it is still possible that they may not vote until
tomorrow).  The bill IS expected to pass both bodies.
Do what you think is best.

@_date: 1994-10-05 19:23:53
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: It's MEME time!!! 
Because in this case, the messenger is an integral part of the message.

@_date: 1994-09-11 02:21:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
When I have a moment I will diff the sources. Maybe someone will
anon. post 2.6.1. onto alt.security.pgp just to annoy S***light.
Richard Parratt

@_date: 1994-09-21 13:53:10
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: MAIL: crime and remailers 
The remailer is back up.
I don't know if it's really my place to comment here, but I would like
to clear up the misconceptions.  Someone from RSA (probably Bidzos)
contacted Perspective Scientific (persci.com), a company which hired
John Perry to install and maintain their network.  Since Mr. Perry was
not in at the time, they demanded to speak to the CEO.  The caller then
proceeded to tell him that Persci's computers were being used to
distribute proprietary, copyrighted encryption software on the internet.
 This claim is false, and I assume that the caller knew it was false but
made it anyway.  Jpunix.com is John Perry's personal computer at his
home.  The caller could have gotten his home number from the whois
record and called him personally; there was absolutely no reason for
them to call his employer.  RSA called PerSci for no other reason than
to harass John Perry and attempt to get him in trouble at work.  This is
not the first time they have done this type of thing (and based on the
various lawsuits against them, it would seem they consider it standard
procedure).  Fortunately, the CEO of Persci was open-minded enough to
realise that RSA's complaint had nothing to do with Perspective
Scientific, and dropped the issue there.  Failing that, there isn't much
else RSA can do to harass Mr. Perry, and they seem to have given up for

@_date: 1994-09-21 16:21:24
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: Encryption standards & procedures legislation 
The House Committee on Science, Space & Technology is thinking about
legislation that would lay down the rules for the Federal Government
with respect to encryption standards.  On July 13, they released
a draft bill, which hasn't been introduced as legislation; they are just
passing it around for comment.  The draft bill is available at ftp://ftp.eff.org/pub/EFF/Legislation/
Bills_by_name/encryption_standards_procedures_94_bill.draft.  The draft
has both good and bad ideas in it.
But I'm writing to you to ask for ideas on what the RIGHT bill would
be.  Perhaps there should be no legislation about this at all.
Perhaps there should be tight controls on encryption standards.  There
are a myriad of possible positions and side issues, like how would you
enforce such a bill?  What rights of public input and information
should there be?  How can the public prevent a rerun of Clipper, in
which all the public input was accepted but ignored?  What standards
should the encryption algorithms themselves meet?  Should these
standards be mandatory for the federal govt?  States?  Banks?  The
public?  Simply guidelines for voluntary use?  Should anyone be liable
if a standard, relied upon, is broken?  Was known to be broken when
proposed?  If keys were released which violate someone's rights?  If
keys were stolen through inadequate security?  Should there be tight
procedures for escrowed encryption standards, but fewer controls on
non-escrowed standards?  What level of risk is acceptable in producing
encryption standards?  Should standards always be public, or can they
be trade secret and/or classified?  Must they be public domain, or can
they be proprietary?  Can NSA control a standard, or should some other
agency?  Should the people at NSA working on standards for
non-classified use be available to the FOIA process, or can they
remain behind the NSA's FOIA shield law?  Must standardized encryption
be exportable?  Can export controls be based on non-public standards
like RC2?  Can a standard be adopted over the objection of NSA?  Can a
standard be adopted which increases the privacy, security, or
accountability of the public even though it decreases the NSA's or
FBI's ability to wiretap?  Etc.
Encryption standards range from algorithms (DES), to protocols (Secure
IP, digital cash), to verification criteria (DES validation), to
procedural issues (Clipper key access, creation and programming of
Clipper chips).  I've probably forgotten a few.
So, please don't take the current draft as a starting point.  Tell me
what you think the legislation OUGHT to cover, and why.  EFF will be
talking to the committee over the next weeks and years.  You can too,
if you want; Tony Clark is the staff member who released the draft.
I'm more interested in ideas -- "what might we be forgetting" -- than
in detailed legislative language or anything like that.
Thanks!  The brainstorming that the net and the Cypherpunks did about
Clipper issues raised issues that continue to be troublesome and
useful.  I'm hoping that we can do a similar job for issues related to
encryption standards in general.  Feel free to forward this message to
other interested parties.
I recommend sending ideas directly to me (gnu at toad.com); I will
summarize the results.  CC to cypherpunks at toad.com, sci.crypt, RISKS,
or elsewhere, if you think it's worthwhile for the larger community to
discuss your suggestions in detail rather than as part of discussing
and elaborating the resulting summary of issues.

@_date: 1994-09-21 19:01:58
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Netcom 
Sounds like the people on Netcom are having the same kinds of problems
that led me to cancel my kaiwan.com account.

@_date: 1994-09-23 10:18:30
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Fast Modular Factorial? 
Nope.  The ability to take fast modular factorials as you suggest
implies the ability to factor large numbers in polynomial time.
If (n!)mod x = 0 then there is a factor of x which is less than n.  If
you can solve modular factorials, then you can solve for the largest
factor of x in logarithmic time.  Obviously, nobody has found a method
to do either.

@_date: 1994-09-23 12:14:12
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Fast Modular Factorial? 
And there will always be such a value for m equal to kx where k is an
integer less than n/x
If x is non-prime, there may be factors f and g such that f*g=x.  In
that case, if n>f and n>g then n=0, hence finding the smallest value of
n such that (n!)mod x =0, will yeild a factor of x.  In that case,
dividing by x would remove the factors f and g, yeilding a zero
Yes, but if x is not prime, and x>n, (n!)mod x will not necessarily be
zero, unless x>n>x/2
A few examples:
mod 7:
 n   1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9 10
 n!  1  2  6  3  1  6  0  0  0  0
mod 15:
 n   1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9 10
 n!  1  2  6  9  0  0  0  0  0  0
Note that for mod 15, n=>5 produces only zeros, revealing the factor 5.

@_date: 1994-09-25 00:01:26
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: kerberosV telnet 
You have to excuse Perry.  You see, in Perry's eyes, anyone who doesn't agree with him, and has the intestinal fortitude to say so, is called names and told they are "insulting" him.  As Tom Clancy says in "Debt of Honor", "It was a source of constant surprise to Ryan that important grown-ups so often acted like five-year-olds."

@_date: 1994-09-30 13:24:25
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: RC4 
There was nothing obviously illegal about the posting, as far as I can
tell from the outside.  In private conversations over the years with
Jim Bidzos, President of RSA Data Security, he told me that RC4 was
held as a trade secret by RSA.  When I pressed him about why, rather
than patenting it and revealing the algorithm to the public, he said
it was a "business decision".
Revelation or publication of a trade secret is not illegal; trade
secrets are protected by contracts, not laws.  At worst, RSA has the
right to sue somebody who signed a contract with RSA, if such a
company disclosed RSA's source code.  But it's more likely that the
revelation was done by someone who never had a contract with RSA, by
reverse-engineering from widely available object code.  In that case,
RSA is unlikely to have a legal leg to stand on.
U.S. case law on reverse-engineering is spotty but tends to support
the right to examine copyrighted software in order to glean
uncopyrightable information (such as algorithms or interface
definitions) from it.  And there's no evidence that the reverse-
engineering even happened under U.S. law; most countries are more
permissive.  Since RC4 was deliberately marketed as an "exportable"
encryption algorithm, there are plenty of copies in countries all over
the world.
RSA would know whether the posted code's indentation style, block
structure, variable names, and lack of comments matched their own
source code, indicating that a source-code nondisclosure contract may
have been violated.  But they aren't saying, which probably means it
didn't match.  The lawyer-letter that RSA sent to the net was mere
bluster, similar to other threatening letters that RSA has sent over
the years.
The revelation of RC4 could help, or hurt, its long-term effectiveness.
RSA has always claimed that RC4 was secure if sufficiently long keys
are used, and its inventor, Ron Rivest, is well known for building
good ciphers.  Revelation may actually encourage the use of the
algorithm, if public scrutiny reveals its true strength.  This could
bring not only further fame to Ron Rivest, but also fortune to RSA,
which owns a fast, copyrighted implementation of RC4, and has plenty
of experience at selling cryptography to businesses.
RSA is not used to operating like an ordinary software publisher,
forced to actually compete with potential competitors rather than
clubbing them with lawsuits.  But it will have to learn that trick
soon anyway.  Its main patent will expire over the next decade, it
never had international rights anyway, and it's squabbling with
Cylink, its ex-partner in monopoly control of U.S. public key crypto.
I think the company has a potential to leverage the customer base and
cash flow from its patent into a strong competitive position in an
open market.

@_date: 1995-08-02 10:42:06
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: Pat Robertson Fears E-cash? 
The relevant verses are in Revelations 13, where some of the actions
by which The Beast can be recognized are given. Among them are:
16 And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and    bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: 17 And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or    the name of the beast, or the number of his name.
Millenialist Christians tend to regard this as a method by which the faithful will be shut out of the economy, since the pious will
refuse such a 'mark'.
E-cash is a bit of a reach from this, but some of them (eg, Robertson), extend the verses to cover all forms of trackable transactions. I suspect that if someone could get him to realize the privacy aspects of true anonymous ecash, he'd like it.
Just don't propose an implantable cryptographic token :-).
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: 1995-08-03 13:09:55
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: There's a hole in your crypto... 
I suspect that he's referring to Godels' Theorem, which shows that in any complete logic system it's possible to make undecidable statements. I'm not at all sure if this can be extended to computer programs. Even if it can, I suspect it only applies to contrived cases.
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: 1995-08-03 13:26:21
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: a hole in PGP 
One little mental game I sometimes play (when I'm bored with deciding what to do when I win the lottery :-) is:
What would you do if you could crack RSA?
Let's suppose you've stumbled upon a very fast factoring algorithm - you can crack all of the RSA challenges on your home PC in minutes. What do you do next?
* Post the algorithm to the net [anonymously?].
* Post the solutions to the challenges [anonymously?].
* Apply for a patent.
* Sit on it.
* Write an article for Cryptologia, get the Draper medal.
* Try to cut a deal with RSA
* Try to cut a deal with NSA
* Try to cut a deal with KGB/Sadam/etc.
* Try to keep it a trade secret, but profit from it.
* Escrow a OTP encoded description of the algorithm, and the OTP, with   different (unknown to each other) lawyers, with orders to   post them to sci.crypt if you vanish or die mysteriously.
It's sort of fun to speculate...
PS:I'm still waiting for the SSL challenge to start.
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: 1995-08-09 08:05:20
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: How To Spot a Spook page 
Isn't this a troll? It looks like the old National Inquirer 'How to tell if your neighbor is a space alien' list.
Peter Trei
ptrei at acm.org)
(Claimer: I'm a former MITRE employee)

@_date: 1995-08-10 06:10:07
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: "S1" encryption system (was: this looked like it might 
Well, I held an active SECRET clearance until last November. This is how I remember it.
There are three basic levels of classification - Confidential, Secret, and Top Secret. There are many sub-categories,
such as FOUO (For Official Use Only), NOFORN (no foreigners), COMSEC
(Communications Security) etc. Within TS, data may be placed in 'compartments', the names of which may themselves be classified, and separate clearance is needed for each compartment. Orthoganal to that is the existance of three separate agencies which
provide clearance - the Department of Energy, the Department of Defense, and the NSA. If you had a DoD clearance, that did not cut much ice with the spooks - you needed to have a separate investigation to their standards (though the actual groundpounding and investigation was done by the same organization for all three).
Finally, there was 'need to know'. It didn't matter if you had a Tippy
Toppest Secret clearance, signed by the directors of the NRO, NSA, and DoE; if there was a piece of classified information which was not
relevant to your work, you didn't get it. (One of the problems with the system is that this leads to a lot of duplicated effort).
While I did not get to see Top Secret data (and in fact, avoided classified projects whenever possible), TS was a very real classification level at least until late last year. The only explanation I can think of for your claim above is that most TS data is not simply 'TS'; it usually has various endorsments, such as which compartment it's in. Peter Trei

@_date: 1995-08-11 06:51:35
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: IPSEC goes to RFC 
Don Eastlake has actually done a draft RFC on
using the DNS for key distribution.
It may be found at He briefed the W3C security working group about
this recently, and a number of people raised objections, notably
* database bloat
* zone transfer bloat
* increased hits on root servers due to a new class of inquiry.
There was some discussion as to whether these were valid objections,
and the people running prototype code said they had had no problems.
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: 1995-08-18 08:34:23
@_author: Lyle Seaman 
@_subject: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
The credit card market has thin margins?  That's news to me.

@_date: 1995-08-21 07:04:41
@_author: Lyle Seaman 
@_subject: Third World Man 
In all those cases, the critics were right.  You just think "imminent"
means "in the next year or two".  Look at at the signs, man --
literacy and child mortality rates, an imprisoned populace, massive government debt, etc.  The US is slipping into the second world as we
speak, with no signs of a turnaround ahead.  Only the sheer size of
the economy keeps people from believing it.  The critics _were_ right.
(Incidentally, the race issue certainly spans more than a mere
decade. The race-related violent demonstrations certainly peaked in
the 60s, but the deleterious effects of forced immigration and slavery
have been a blight on society every day for almost three centuries.) Go right ahead, fed, ban strong crypto.  The coffin only needs a few
more nails.

@_date: 1995-08-22 08:19:01
@_author: Lyle Seaman 
@_subject: Partial Key Escrow 
Yeah, but that _doesn't matter_.
The domestic TLA can't afford to embark on massive, wholesale fixing
expeditions this way, even _with_ the escrowed part.  The point is to
fix the unescrowed part at such a size that they can afford to crack a
limited number of keys in a reasonable interval.  Say, at a cost of
about $10000 / key.  That's peanuts for an OKBomb or WTC bomb case,
but it gets to be expensive (hard to hide the expense) if you're
fishing for dirt on members of the opposition party, or investigating
14 year-old Black Panthers.
It also suggests some interesting (and admittedly, abusable) TV shows.
"type this number into your ``America's Most Wanted'' official Screen
Saver key finder..."

@_date: 1995-08-23 15:13:05
@_author: Dorothy Denning 
@_subject: Australia and Encryption Policy 
Ross Anderson posted a message on the net recently stating that
Australia was proposing an encryption policy that would force residents
to use weak cryptography while banks would get key escrow.  His source
was a talk by Steve Orlowski, who is Assistant Director, Security
Management, in the Australian Attorney-General's Department.
Attached is a copy of an open letter by Mr. Orlowski in response to
that post.  He is not proposing that individuals be forced to use weak
encryption.  Key escrow would be an option available to anyone wanting
a high level of encryption.  Organizations and individuals could escrow
their own keys if desired.
This message and his letter may be forwarded.
Dorothy Denning
Thank you for your comments on the subject of the use of encryption by
private individuals.
Firstly I would like to make the point that the debate has arisen from
one person's interpretation of a paper I gave at a conference on
"Cryptography Policies and Algorithms"  The full text of that paper is
now available on the net at
The paper carries a disclaimer at the top that the views are mine and
do not necessarily represent the views of the Australian Government.
The paper sets out the Government's policy on telecommunications
interception, which includes the issue of the use of cryptography as:
"As a result of the Report, Australia is, among other TI issues,
monitoring the impact of encryption in the telecommunications
interception area and will re-examine matters in 1997 following the
opening of the telecommunications area to full competition."
Telecommunications covers both voice and data communications.
The last paragraph of the paper says that there is a need to expand the
cryptography debate to cover the needs of individual users in the
context of the information superhighway rather than current Internet
users.  The paper also points out that issues suh as cost, convenience
and public confidence in cryptography systems will be the main issues.
Public confidence is explained in terms that as long as it meets the
general requirement for privacy it will be acceptable.  I still
maintain that the general user of the superhighway in the next century
will be satisfied with a lower level of encryption which will meet that
and cost and user friendliness requirements.
On specific point made in the Internet message, the paper does not
suggest, either directly or by implication, that individuals should be
banned from using encryption.
Regarding the use of higher level encryption, the paper supports the
concept of commercial key escrow where organisations hold their own
keys but may be required to provide them in response to a court order.
The same would apply to individuals who could either hold there own keys
or store them with a commercial body.  Access to those keys would be by
court order and in that respect is no different to existing procedures
for the interception or seizure of telephone conversations or paper
records.  There is no suggestion that these basic principles, and
protection of individual's rights in general, should be changed
If individuals were to use lower level encryption there would be no
need for them to maintain copies of any keys for such systems.  To my
mind this is preferable to a requirement for keys to be maintained for
all encryption systems, which could be the result if universal key
escrow were introduced.
Finally on the question of interception, the general public expects a
reasonable level of law enforcement to ensure the protection of their
person and property.  Governments are required to find a balance
between this and the rights of individuals to privacy.  Part of this
balance is to ensure that law enforcement authorities convince a court
that there is a need to carry out an interception.  There is no
suggestion that this fundamental approach should be changed.  The paper
certainly does not suggest tha the Attorney-General's Department should
become a centralised interception authority.  In fact such a role would
not be consistent with its role as a source of advice to Government.
I hope the above clarifies both the Government's policy and my personal
views on these matters.
I consider this to be an open letter and have no objection to it being
used as such.
Yours sincerely
Steve Orlowski

@_date: 1995-08-25 18:45:28
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: ADMIN:  You might not be on the list anymore! 
I want to warn you folks about how the list is run, just so you
don't think that evil is a foot on toad.com.
  Recently the bounce messages for cypherpunks got to be over 80 megs
large, largely due to my being busy.  When I went to clean them and
the offending messages out (only 38 addresses needed to be culled) I
found a lot of bounces from the likes of AOL and MCI that were "user
XXX's mail box is full..." bounces.
  In the past I tryed to ignore these message as it was clear that the
mail boxes would get emptyed at some point.  Now I have seen these
messages from the same address for weeks, and combined with the number
of hours it takes to cull this crud from the list has pushed me into a
new policy.
  I am now deleteing (allmost) all addresses from the list that
generate bounce messages.  If you stop getting cypherpunks email the
FIRST thing to do is ask the majordomo at toad.com mailbot if you are
still on the list, this might looks like:
  If you are NOT on the list, just subscribe again and leave it at
that.  Please note that many of the bounce messages came from email to
(local) news group gateways, and while I try to send warning mesages,
it would be better if folks maintaining such gateways made sure that
bounce messages went to the local maintainers insted of me.
  Enjoy the list, and keep it on topic folks!
ugh Daniel

@_date: 1995-12-12 14:16:14
@_author: eli+@GS160.SP.CS.CMU.EDU 
@_subject: Timing Attacks 
It appears to be more practical than 99 percent of the "weaknesses"
that get published.  Not bad, I'd say.  It's also a very cute attack;
I'd never have guessed a priori that you could get that many key bits
from timing data.
"Random delays added to the processing time may increase the number of
ciphertexts required, but do not completely solve the problem since
attackers can compensate for the delay by collecting more
measurements.  (If enough random noise is added, the attack can
become infeasible.)"  [extended abstract, p. 5]
Sufficient network noise *might* make the problem go away, in some
cases, but that's a weak sort of claim to make about a cryptosystem.
(What if the attacker tries at six in the morning, or cracks a machine
local to you, or just gets lucky?)  You might put your server behind a
time-quantizing firewall...
Also, it's not just networked machines.  Smart cards may have a hard
time defending themselves against hostile card readers.  They're slow
already; the user may not appreciate the extra time spent for
obfuscation.  (This depends critically on the numbers, of course.)
   Eli Brandt
   eli+ at cs.cmu.edu

@_date: 1995-12-18 03:56:02
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Is ths legal?... 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 16-Dec-95 Re: Is ths legal?... by
tallpaul at pipeline.com Exactly. If Oklahoma University is private, it can establish and enforce
policies that would be unconstitutional at public schools. Those
policies become part of the contract and a student must abide by them,
except when they are administered arbitrarily and capriciously. At a
public universities, students probably would have more freedom to
challenge this policy.
A recent article from the school's student newspaper says:
"In the third part, the policy states that the university reserves the
right of access to user e-mail... Personal passwords may not be used to
prevent access. In the fourth part, the policy states that e-mail is
neither private nor confidential. The fifth part states important
documents should be saved in the computer or converted to hard copy."
To me, "personal passwords" sounds like a student newspaper trying to
say "encryption."
I've copied this message to a grad student privacy advocate quoted in
the article and to the student newspaper. Perhaps they can shed more
light on the situation.
The best way to work against totalitarian administrators is to shine a
bright light on their repressive policies.

@_date: 1995-12-18 09:45:21
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Is ths legal?... 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 17-Dec-95 Re: Is ths legal?... by
Alan Olsen at teleport.com My understanding is that it is a state school. But for state action to
be present, there has to be a significant interdependent relationship
constituting a nexus of state action between the state and the
university. Like administrators being appointed by agents of the state
State funding by itself is not sufficient. If that were true, CMU --
which receives almost half its revenue from the government -- would have
to behave reasonably. (It doesn't; check out
(not a lawyer)

@_date: 1995-12-20 19:37:24
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Surprise telecommunications bill? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 20-Dec-95 Surprise
telecommunications.. by Alan Olsen at teleport.com Yes, and it's not good. This telecom bill is going to be law real, real soon.
  DOW JONES NEWS 12-20-95     6:29 PM
  WASHINGTON -AP- Negotiators resolved a dispute over media ownership,
removing the last major hurdle to an overhaul of laws governing the nation's
communications industry.     Once approved by Congress, the White House pledged to sign the legislation
into law.     ''This is an extremely positive development for the U.S. economy, for
individuals and for consumers alike,'' Vice President Al Gore said during
an interview in his office.     President Clinton, who had threatened to veto earlier provisions of
the measure, will sign what Gore called ''a centrist bill for the 21st
century.''

@_date: 1995-12-27 13:54:19
@_author: "Jason D. Livingood/WSC"@hks.net 
@_subject: Employer Probing Precedents? 
To Whom It May Concern:
I was curious as to where I might find some electronic freedom legal precedents.  If, for example, an employer was planning to probe file systems on PCs in the off-hours and employees began encrypting their hard drives, what legal precedents would support the employees or would support the employer in blocking the encryption?
Thanks for any info you can give me!!
Jason Livingood
jlivingood at hammer.net

@_date: 1995-02-02 14:11:13
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: null 
Try using mail2news at news.demon.co.uk or mail2news at myriad.pc.cc.cmu.edu

@_date: 1995-02-05 15:10:45
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: The SKRONK protocols (version 0.6) 
I'm working on a program that gets around this.  It creates a IP tunnel
by setting up a SLIP interface on a encrypted TCP stream and routes
packets through that.  It's not completely finished but it does work. Send me mail if you want it.

@_date: 1995-02-05 16:29:28
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: The SKRONK protocols (version 0.6) 
Presumably you would only let trusted people tunnel through your firewall.

@_date: 1995-02-09 15:56:12
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: Wed 15 Feb, 730pm: BayFF's first monthly Bay Area EFF meeting 
EFF is pleased to introduce a series of monthly `BayFF' meetings in
the San Francisco Bay Area.  All EFF members, guests, and the public
are invited.
The first meeting will be in San Francisco on February 15, 1995, at
7:30PM.  The gracious donor of our first meeting place is:
John Gilmore and Cindy Cohn will speak on the constitutional issues
around export controls on cryptography.  John is a co-founder of EFF
and Chair of the EFF Board's Crypto Committee.  Cindy is an attorney
in private practice at McGlashen and Sarrail in San Mateo.  These
controls inhibit free speech, publication of software and papers,
academic freedom of inquiry, and personal privacy, as well as having a
strong negative impact on computer security.  We'll explore some of
the implications and prospects for change.
Dave Farber will speak on "Living in the Global Information
Infrastructure -- some concerns".  Dave is an EFF Board member and has
more years of experience in computers and networking than the total
experience at many startup companies.  Vice President Gore has proposed
that the nations of the world undertake the building of a Global
Information Infrastructure -- the GII.  While most leaders agree with
the sprit of the Gore proposal -- namely to provide a mechanism which
could invigorate the world economy in the forthcoming information age,
many disagree with his belief that it will bring democracy to the
world.  They interpret such statements as being another example of
American colonialism.  It is this basic lack of uniform global
agreement on what terms mean, what rules apply to electronic commerce
and what impact a GII will have on their nation that underlies the
comments Dave will make.  These raise questions about the universality
of Cyberspace.  He will seek to table a set of questions that may
stimulate your thinking in this area.
There will also be plenty of time for general and specific questions,
issues, discussion, meeting people, and socializing with frontier-
minded folks.
We will schedule the second monthly meeting near the Computers,
Freedom, and Privacy conference -- tentatively on Friday night,
March 31.  Watch this space for more information.
We hope to see you on Wednesday!

@_date: 1995-01-01 18:55:23
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: Book review: Codebreakers, the Inside Story of Bletchley Park 
This is NOT David Kahn's excellent book "The Codebreakers".  This is a
British volume full of personal stories of thirty people who worked at
Bletchley Park or at British code-breaking in the field during WW2.
I found it a very touching and personal book.  Each person tells their
own story in a five- or six-page essay, and the stories cover a whole
range of activities, from cryptanalytical work to typing-and-filing
to the people who constructed and maintained the physical buildings.
As the introduction says, "...few of the events described here were
chronicled at the time, and those who worked at Bletchley and its
outstations were forbidden to talk or write about it -- almost to
remember it.  The compiling of this book has rested almost entirely on
personal memories; and that is unusual in an account which pretends to
any sort of accuracy.  Moreover, nobody who worked at Bletchley can
now be under 65; several contributors are in their mid-80s.  For all
of us clear and accurate recollection of highly specialized Top Secret
facts across fifty years has been a demanding task, requiring much
There are lots of details about how real live wartime code-breaking
worked fifty years ago -- details I have seen nowhere else.  I
recommend this book to any cypherpunk.
Codebreakers: the inside story of Bletchley Park.  ed. by Francis
Harry Hinsley and Alan Stripp.  Oxford, England: Oxford University
Press, 1994 (hardback issued in 1993).  ISBN 0-19-285304-X.  US$13.95,
at my local bookstore.
John Gilmore                gnu at toad.com  --  gnu at cygnus.com  --  gnu at eff.org
 A well-regulated intelligentsia, being necessary to the security of a free
 State, the right of the people to keep and bear books, shall not be infringed.

@_date: 1995-01-04 02:37:13
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: Cloak and Gown 
"Use the source, Luke!"
% telnet locis.loc.gov
         L O C I S :  LIBRARY OF CONGRESS INFORMATION SYSTEM
          To make a choice: type a number, then press ENTER
  1   Library of Congress Catalog           4   Braille and Audio
  2   Federal Legislation                   5   Organizations
  3   Copyright Information                 6   Foreign Law
b cloak and gown
To choose from list, see examples at bottom.                      FILE: LOCI
Terms alphabetically close to:CLOAK AND GOWN
B01 Cloak & gown//(TITL=3)
B02 Cloak and dagger//(TITL=3)
B03 Cloak and dagger fiction//(TITL=2)
B04 Cloak and Dagger in Predator and Prey//(TITL=1)
B05 Cloak and gavel//(TITL=1)
B06+Cloak and gown//(TITL=3)
B07 Cloak for the dreamer//(TITL=1)
B08 Cloak of Aesir//(TITL=1)
B09 Cloak of competence//(TITL=1)
B10 Cloak of consciousness//(TITL=1)
B11 Cloak of darkness//(TITL=2)
B12 Cloak of friendship//(TITL=1)
---EXAMPLES: s b6         (SELECTs line b6; creates a SET for each term type)
             f b6-b8/b10  (FINDs b6-b8 and b10; combines sets, displays result)
             r b6         (RETRIEVEs term on b6; searches text in some files)
             r subj=b6    (RETRIEVEs term type specified; e.g., SUBJ, TITL)
f b1/b6
ITEMS 1-3 OF 3                 SET 3: BRIEF DISPLAY                FILE: LOCI
                                (DESCENDING ORDER)
1. 88-672288: Winks, Robin W.  Cloak and gown : scholars in America's secret
     war /  London : Collins Harvill, 1987.  607 p. ; 24 cm.
     NOT IN LC COLLECTION
2. 88-30560: Winks, Robin W.  Cloak & gown : scholars in the secret war,
     1939-1961 /  New York : Quill, 1988.  p. cm.
     CIP - NOT YET IN LC
3. 87-7683: Winks, Robin W.  Cloak & gown : scholars in the secret war,
     1939-1961 /  1st ed.  New York : Morrow, c1987.  607 p., [16] p. of
     plates : ill., ports. ; 25 cm.
     LC CALL NUMBER: JK468.I6 W48 1987

@_date: 1995-01-26 14:04:43
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: anonymous IRC access.... 
ftp myriad.pc.cc.cmu.edu /pub/unix/misc/anonirc*
Of course, you need to find someone willing to install that on their site....

@_date: 1995-01-26 17:05:46
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Identity 
To Mr. Orr:
It appears that someone has decided to anonymously make rude comments in
reply to your message, instead of answering the questions.  This is
unfortunate, but not surprising (to me, at least).  Recently there have
been several articles in popular newspapers and magazines, which were
poorly researched and presented horribly innacurate and misleading
information about the Internet.  Some of these were incredibly biased,
and in a few cases were defamatory and made very unfavorable statements
about people who are well-respected on the Internet.  This has
understandably created an intense hostility toward the popular media in
general.  Reporters who are new to the network will undobutably
encounter this hostility and mistrust.  Unfortunately, this animosity is
self-perpetuatuating process.  While I share the anonymous poster's
frustration, I must denounce his manner of showing it, for it only
serves to exacerbate the problem.
Judging by your reference to an old communique found in a web search,
you seem not to know the ultimate destination of the address you have
written to (cypherpunks at toad.com).  This is a broadcast address which
relays messages to a group of about 700 people.  It is a forum for
discussing privacy and security on the internet, and the use of
cryptography to acheive those goals.
However, I will attempt to answer your query with a general explanation
of what an "IP Spoofing" attack is.  Computers on the internet use a
standard method of communicating known as the Internet Protocol.  Data
to be transmitted is placed into a form known as a packet.  A packet is
like a letter dropped into a mailbox to be sent on its way.  It has a to
address, a return address and a message.  The packet is sent from your
computer to another computer known as a router.  The router looks at the
address on the packet, decides which direction it should go, and
retransmits the packet over a wire to another router.  Each router will
re-send the packet to the next one as the packet makes its way through
the network, until it ultimately reaches its final destination.
IP spoofing is, simply put, placing a fake return address on a packet,
and pretending to be a authorized user on a computer system that you are
not really on.  This is, basically, a high tech version of an old
mail-fraud system:  Suppose you sent a letter to a corporation
purporting to be one of their major suppliers.  In it you indicate that
you have a shipment ready, and ask if they are interested in purchasing
it.  Having knowledge about what their usual response might be, you
anticipate a positive reply and send another letter thanking them for
their interest, and giving instructions for where to send the money. Now, the real supplier actually gets their responses back - you're just
blindly guessing what those responses will be - but by the time they
figure it out, you're made off with their money.   IP spoofing is the
same - someone can send IP data packets purporting to be from someone
else, guess the responses, and act accordingly.  Sometimes they will
guess wrong and fail.  But if they try it enough, they'll find someone,
or more likely some program, that'll fall for it, letting them have
unauthorized access to the target computer.
I hope that answers your questions.

@_date: 1995-01-28 15:34:08
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Remailer Specs 
Well, you could look at some existing code.  My remailer is written in C,
with most of the unix-specific stuff being done by shell scripts, so
you should be able to compile some of the C code on the Mac (if you're
planning to write your remailer in C).
Look in:
ftp myriad.pc.cc.cmu.edu /pub/remailer
ftp cs.cmu.edu /afs/andrew.cmu.edu/usr12/mg5n/public/remailer

@_date: 1995-01-29 16:47:19
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Telnet Acrobatics 
These programs are pretty much textbook examples of socket usage, so
it's not too surprising, but that is kindof funny.  I doubt they were
actually copied out of a textbook; as they both had bugs in them, but I
think I have most of the bugs fixed now.  One that I didn't see earlier
when I posted that is that the select loop is missing an
if(FD_ISSET(fd,&readfds)....  It works without it, but not smoothly.  I
found these posted to alt.2600 last summer and they've been sitting on
my hard disk until this weekend when I pulled them out and started
playing with them.
Did any of your students try for the extra credit and add encryption?

@_date: 1995-07-11 12:06:57
@_author: Lyle Seaman 
@_subject: FW: Edupage 7/9/95 (fwd) 
Oh dear.  There are certain smut pages in Germany.  They were showing
them on TV recently, but I couldn't quite catch the URL.  I can see it
now -- the US government censors the net to keep out the Germans (but
the tourists can still come -- hey, at an average of $80K/year annual
income, they're welcome to go shopping in New York, though if they
want to change clothes on the beach they have to do *that* in
California, Florida is right out, eh Lawton?) and the Germans censor
the net to keep out the Americans.   Oh dear. Lyle		Transarc		707 Grant Street
412 338 4474	The Gulf Tower		Pittsburgh 15219

@_date: 1995-07-11 18:48:06
@_author: Timothy L. Nali 
@_subject: Speedup of bruterc4.c 
For linux boxes (or perhaps 486 and pentium machines in general), try
adding the flag -funroll-all-loops to the compile line.
    gcc -O2 -funroll-all-loops -m486 -o brute bruterc4.c
Here are my results on a Linux 486/33
Original code (Adam+Tatu)                               : 5405 keys/sec
Original code with -funroll-all-loops                   : 5991 keys/sec
Original code with Russell's changes                and a couple of my own and -funroll-all-loops           : 6393 keys/sec
Here are the changes I made:
If we assume that the length of the cyphertext and known text is less
than 256 bytes, then the following works.  This gives you a whopping 40
additional keys/sec.

@_date: 1995-07-17 11:42:51
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: Free The World Web Server project.. :) 
This sort of thing bugs me a lot. If your level of passion
on an issue is not enough to send an individually composed letter,
then send a form letter. But don't try to fake out people that
your note is actually individually composed. One of my pet peeves
is junk mail tricked up to look like something else. I expect legislators feel the same way, and have a lot of practice recognizing it.
     Personally, if I feel strongly about an issue, I call up
the legislators office and give his/her aide a piece of my mind.
I try to be polite, informative, and find an angle of interest
to that particular legislator, no matter how much I may actually despise the slimeball (this was tough when talking to Exon's
press secretary).
Peter Trei
trei at acm.org
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: 1995-07-18 07:25:52
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of 1995 (fwd) 
I called up Exon's press secretary and asked him about this. He claimed that BBS's were uploading advertisments to the Net, and this
was the 'profiteering' referred to. He was immune to reason on this,
and felt that the CMU 'study' was rigorous.
It's true that a some of the pics in those groups include stamped-in
BBS names and phone numbers, but my impression was always that this
was the BBS operators trying to do a little damage control - so that
when random users post their pix (on which they claim copyright, ignoring the fact that most of their scans rip off magazine publishers), they can recognize the 'piracy', and also earn a little
For a good backgrounder on the story, check Peter Trei
ptrei at acm.org
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: 1995-07-19 06:16:28
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: Stego-Rants ? 
This class of code is fairly old. In 'The Codebreakers' an incident is recounted (I think from WW2). A suspected spy in the US was sent
a cable from overseas, reading 'Our father is dead'. This was intercepted, and the censors, suspecting a stego'd message, substituted 'Our father is deceased'.
The suspected spy immediatly sent back 'Is father dead or deceased?', and was arrested. The book contains many fascinating stories of stego and attempted stego, including mailed knitting patterns, crossword puzzles, drawings, sports statistics, etc.
On the eve of Pearl Harbour, the wife of a Japanese diplomat in Oahu
sent a long message to Japan describing in detail the many kinds of
flowers blooming at that time in Hawaii. It was sent through non-diplomatic channels, and authorities suspecting it contained stego, failed to deliver it. After the war it came out that she did
regular gardening columns for a Japanese magazine, and the message was entirely innocent.
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: 1995-07-20 05:53:40
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: (Cracking) Netscape (is) the Big Win 
This is why it's imperative for cpunks to work on the SSL challenge
recently posted. Cracking 40 bit RC4 will provide a strong industry
incentive to move towards stronger crypto standards, and to pressure
the government to relax ITAR. If the SSL crack looks like it will take a while to gear up, perhaps
we should work on an interim project, cracking a straight 40bit rc4
encrypted message. If there is interest, I can create such a text, and escrow the key and plaintext in a PGP-encoded posting. While such a crack will not be as strong a blow against SSL and 40-bit crypto as cracking a complete SSL transaction, it will be
a lot better then only being able to say 'Well, we didn't find a
key, but we *did* sweep 40 bits of keyspace', which is all we have
now. If need be, we can follow up with a crack of full-bore SSL.
Disclaimer: I work on a competing product, but am posting this in my private capacity. We've bigger fish to fry than Netscape.
Peter Trei
ptrei at acm.org
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: 1995-07-21 05:43:46
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: DOVE/Red Mercury doom U.S. Super State? 
UNALTERED Desemination of This Important Information is ENCOURAGED :-> (or words to that effect - anyone have the
canonical form available?)
If this is an example of the depth of your research, then we
certainly don't have to worry about anything else in your post.
The peasants were economic assets, and their destruction was
regarded as a standard practice of war. Try reading Barbara
Tuchman's 'A Distant Mirror: The Calamitous 14th century.'
[I must admit, however, that the idea of Bush and Sadaam Hussein
having it out has a certain appeal - battleaxes in a blacked
out cellar sounds appropriate.]
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: 1995-07-21 06:30:46
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: Netscape the Big Win 
If I forget thee, O Emacs, let my right hand forget her cunning. If I do not remember thee, let my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth; if I prefer not Emacs above my chief joy. (with apologies to the psalmist)
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: 1995-07-24 06:35:04
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: NOISE: advice on applications 
While I have yet to find the Perfect PC Mail Client,
I have to say that I find Pegasus far superior to Eudora. The free
version of Pegasus includes mail filtering capabilities, essential
if you expect to receive mailing lists (such as cypherpunks).
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: 1995-07-26 14:08:52
@_author: Peter Trei 
@_subject: SSL challenge? 
Where does the effort to bruteforce SSL stand?
I've got a bunch of P5/90s ready and waiting.
Peter Trei
Senior Software Engineer
Purveyor Development Team                                Process Software Corporation
trei at process.com

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: b 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Strategic Investment
824 E. Baltimore St.
Baltimre, MD 21202-4799
Published monthly for U.S. residents at US$109 per year.
   Republicans add barbed wire to Clinton's "Berlin Wall." SI accurately
forecasted the coming of the "exit" tax proposed by the Clinton Admin-
istration earlier this year. Now Senate Republicans have passed an exit
tax that is even more punitive than that proposed by Clinton. Section
12441(b) of the Balanced Budget Reconciliation Act of 1995 (H.R. 2491)
adds a new layer of confiscatory taxes, succession taxes, to be imposed
upon U.S. citizens and residents. Unlike gift or estate taxes, which are
imposed upon the giver or his estate, succession taxes are imposed upon
the recipient of bequests. Under the Senate proposal, succession taxes
would be levied upon property acquired by gift or inheritance from a
former U.S. citizen or former long-term resident of the U.S. who leaves
U.S. tax jurisdiction after February, 1995. This tax would make it finan-
cially more punitive for an American to renounce his citizenship unless
his entire family came along. It would also make unattractive for foreign-
ers with close U.S. relatives to take up residence in the United States.
The would be subject ot confiscatory exit taxes upon leaving.
   (Questions arise - is there any legislation that Congress can't pass or
attempt to pass? Aren't Republicans supposted to be an alternative to
Democrates?) - GLJ

@_date: 1995-11-15 05:23:02
@_author: Martin C Sweitzer 
@_subject: world smartcards.. 
Anyone know what kind of encryption they will be using...
HP builds security for smartcard shopping
Hewlett-Packard is bidding for US government approval for a
worldwide cryptographic framework, which is being to provide a
security for a joint smartcard project with Gemplus and
The three companies plan to develop a secure personal
information card system, with which businesses can deliver
services including Internet-based transactions to consumers.
The encrypted cards will carry several thousand times the
amount of data on current smartcards and will (pending US
export approvals) be usable anywhere in the world.
HP is providing server, encryption, middleware and networking
technologies. Gemplus will provide advanced smart-card tech-
nology. Database and middleware technologies will come from
Informix. The alliance was launched at Telecom 95.
HP's proposed non-user-accessible cryptography is the first
element in an international open cryptography framework, with
which it hopes to deliver security technology compliant with
US export regulations.

@_date: 1995-11-22 19:49:05
@_author: Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin] 
@_subject: Visual Basic 4.0 encryption prog. 
I don't see any reason why crypto routines written in C can't be converted to .DLL files - then you can call them from VB or whatever.  No need to convert them to VB.

@_date: 1995-09-04 21:31:28
@_author: Timothy L. Nali 
@_subject: Emergency File Wipe Algorithim 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 4-Sep-95 Re: Emergency File Wipe
Alg.. by MONTY HARDER at famend.com little e
stress at t
    On today's machines, it's a little more complicated than that. After you XOR the key, you have to then flush all the cache lines that
contain the key, to make sure that the XOR operation makes it to the
main memory.  Unless I'm mistaken, a write-back cache will not propogate
the XOR operation to main memory unless another memory operation(s)
forces bumps the XORed key out of cache memory.  Successive XOR
operations on the key won't necessarily do this; you need some other
memory op to flush the cache lines.
 Tim Nali            \  "We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of
 tn0s at andrew.cmu.edu  \   the dreams" -Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory

@_date: 1995-09-13 15:53:22
@_author: Martin C Sweitzer 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful. 
Excerpts from cypherpunks: 13-Sep-95 CYPHERPUNK considered harmful. by
"Peter Trei" Never EVER judge a book by its cover.
People that do usually end up being Joe Sixpacks.  And by being a Joe
Sixpack you don't have that much power in today's society.
Martin S

@_date: 1995-09-19 22:51:44
@_author: Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin] 
@_subject: [NOISE] Unabomber - crypto-anarchist?!? 
Tim May, the UNABOMBER ... too funny for words, hehehe ;)
Ed Carp, N7EKG    			Ed.Carp at linux.org, ecarp at netcom.com
Finger ecarp at netcom.com for PGP 2.5 public key		an88744 at anon.penet.fi
Q.	What's the trouble with writing an MS-DOS program to emulate Clinton?
A.	Figuring out what to do with the other 639K of memory.

@_date: 1995-09-20 08:58:33
@_author: Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin] 
@_subject: My Day 
Also add that many people seem to tend to swirl the mouse in fast circles,
where there isn't *any* latency between mouse movements, and you get even
less entropy.  I suspect that Colin Plumb's code, while a nice try, would
be a bit less useful that might have been otherwise suspected.

@_date: 1995-09-24 13:28:33
@_author: Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin] 
@_subject: Netscape for Linux? 
Does this mean that a Linux version of Netscape will no longer be available, or that it *will* be available but unsupported?
That all depends on what you mean by "support".  If you mean "we will no longer make Netscape available for the Linux platform", that's not support.  If you mean "we will no longer respond to bug reports for Netscape on this platform" then that's discontinuing support.
Please be more specific in your postings?
As a project manager and developer, I have constructed many a business case for the development and/or support for products - such a case could easily be made for Linux support for Netscape, irrespective of what you mean by "support".

@_date: 1995-09-24 13:45:22
@_author: Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin] 
@_subject: "random" number seeds vs. Netscape 
No, they'll just flood it with RF and force your diode to act as a detector - then they can feed you anything they like ;)
I learned the hard way - keep the transmitters away from a reverse-biased doide acting as a noise generator.  Only until I examined the output did I realize it wasn't random.  I fixed it, though, by looking at the output
and testing its randomness.

@_date: 1995-09-24 22:22:41
@_author: Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin] 
@_subject: Colin Powell coming to Dallas 
Colin Powell will be in Dallas at the Taylor's Bookstore out on Belt Line Rd. and Prestonwood (right next to Prestonwood Mall).  October 3 at 6 PM.  I plan to be there - anyone else from the DFW area going?  Anyone have any questions they want asked (other than the usual "where do you stand on the administration's position regarding the use and exportation of so-called 'strong crypto' and the Clipper/Capstone fiasco"?

@_date: 1995-09-25 00:25:41
@_author: Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin] 
@_subject: Netscape for Linux? 
As much as this might put me ad odds with certain parts of the CP
community, this seems quite reasonable to me.  After all, why should
someone provide support for a platform which is not generating revenue? Understood.  Thanks for the clarification :)

@_date: 1996-04-02 23:39:27
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks investigated, FOIA? 
Have the cypherpunks requested data on whether they are being investigated
 by the same agencies under the FOIA individually or as a group listed by
 that name? If so, what are the results, if any, so far?
Does anyone know if this has been done? The FOIA, that is.

@_date: 1996-04-03 08:57:07
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Witch Hunts 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 31-Mar-96 Witch Hunts by Bruce
Zambini at rwd.gouche That's not entirely true. The ACLU's position, as provided by Ira
Glasser at the debate, is that pornography is not a legal term d'art,
that it is presumptively protected by the First Amendment, and
furthermore that sexually explicit images are not necessarily harmful to
The difference between "porn" and "obscenity" is intellectual content.
(Not speaking for the ACLU)

@_date: 1996-04-04 16:38:26
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: java: vending machine software (long) 
These are important ideas.  I found them explored very nicely
in several papers written by Drexler and Miller (circa 1988!).  They
are available in the collection "Ecology of Computation (1988)" and
via the Agorics Home page (
It seems that with the Web and Java now widely available the technical
means to implement these ideas are getting visibly closer.
The most interesting thing I've heard along these lines was described
in a talk by Matthew Fuchs.   He suggested the idea of using something
like SGML (of which HTML is a subset) to communicate between smart
agents.  The idea is to provide a machine understandable equivalent
of a web form which could be used to send info back and forth.  In
this application display instructions are not important, what is
important is the meaning assigned to the keywords.  For example, in
a simple web page you might use , , , , etc.
The browser knows how display these because for simple documents they
have a well defined meaning, but an automatic document indexer could
also easily find the title and author.
Consider an airline reservation system.  It might support a variety of
commands to answer queries and make reservations.  Clearly once the
*meaning* is in hand, crafting a way to display it would be easy.  So
you have a scheme which can be used with equal facility by
either a human or a machine.  This allows for smooth transition from
human mediated to automated steps in a larger project (e.g. plan a trip
visiting these five cities) where some parts have been automated (e.g.
airline reservations) and other parts have not (say, hotel reservations).
Further, the system can be built out of layers of objects that give
meanings to various keywords.  Consider a bunch of keywords and
associated Java applets that understand dates and times (they know about
timezones and daylight savings and weekends and so forth).  Another
level of objects knows how to manage schedules, and still another
layer knows about travel arrangements.  The system used by a particular
airline uses all these objects to provide an interface for communicating
with customers (or their automated agents).
Java seems ideal suited to be the active lubricant in such a system.
Ted Anderson

@_date: 1996-04-06 19:40:23
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: PICS required by laws 
The ACLU is taking the right position here, IMHO. But I sense no
consensus from the coalition of groups in the CDA challenge.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 5-Apr-96 PICS required by law by "E.
ALLEN SMITH" firewall) t
stating that

@_date: 1996-04-09 05:46:26
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: (Fwd) British Study Claims That Photo Credit Cards Don't Work 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 8-Apr-96 (Fwd) British Study Claims
.. by "Deranged Mutant" Fascinating stuff. I've used Mike Godwin's driver's license to buy a
beer when I didn't have mine with me. And, trust me, we look nothing

@_date: 1996-04-09 07:52:43
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Australia's New South Wales tries net-censorship 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 8-Apr-96 Re: Australia's New South
W.. by Mike Duvos at netcom.com For it to be a crime, I would presume that the courts would require
"guilty knowledge" of the act. (At least I hope they would!)
As for the Pitt "child porn" case, I've spoken with the fellow's
roommate and have some more info at:

@_date: 1996-04-09 15:44:39
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: International Net-Censorship Efforts Update 
I've just doubled the number of international net-censorship efforts
that I track on my web page: .
Included are new updates reporting on Germany, France, Australia,
Singapore, Canada, and China, among others. Please send me reports on
countries I've missed!

@_date: 1996-04-09 20:54:02
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: English translation of "Le Grand Secret" complete! 
The English translation of the banned book "Le Grand Secret" is complete!
If your French is a little rusty, and you're curious about the book
that caused the French government such headaches, you may want to
check out:
  A group of volunteers performed this work without compensation. (I
solicited help with the translation by putting a note on my web pages.)
A German translation is now in progress, and I expect to have the text
online by this summer.
   ------------------------------      THE BIG SECRET                                       By Dr. Claude Gubler
   Chapters and translators:
     * Chapter 1
     * Chapter 2
     * Chapter 3 (Michel Eytan)
     * Chapter 4 (Francoise R. Corey)
     * Chapter 5 (Jennifer FitzGerald)
     * Chapter 6 (Jonathan Wallace)
     * Chapter 7
     * Chapter 8 (E. Dean Detrich)
     * Chapter 9 (Kris Shapar)
     * Chapter 10 (Jean-Michel Prima)
     * Chapter 11
     * Chapter 12
     * Chapter 13 (Andrea Crain)
     Because of the sensitive political nature of this work, not everyone
     who helped translate Le Grand Secret into English wished to be
     listed here. Above are the names of those who chose to be
     identified. However, everyone who volunteered deserves thanks for
     donating their time and making this important work available to a
     wider audience.
     Andrea Crain, in particular, has spent endless hours coordinating
     this effort and ensuring the high quality of the final translation.
     Thanks, Andrea, for all your work.
     -Declan McCullagh, April 7, 1996
   ------------------------------

@_date: 1996-04-09 21:31:08
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Enforcing the CDA improperly may pervert Internet architecture 
The attached paper by Dr. Reed is worth reading -- I haven't seen this
argument raised before. One portion that I found fascinating was:
  "It is quite silly to imagine that the Ascend router at the ISP can
  figure out if it is me or my child generating each packet."
But that's exactly what the defenders of the CDA are claiming! Here's
some background that might be interesting:
When I was arguing with Bruce Taylor (an architect of the CDA) last
week, we went 'round and 'round on the issue of children on the Net, as
usual. He maintained that every Internet user has to have an account
somewhere, so that account provider is able to tag accounts as minor or adult.
To the best of my ability, I pointed out some of the technical problems
with this, and he responded (I paraphrase from memory here) that
technical problems can be solved by technical people: "Your side comes
across to the court as saying that it can be done but we won't do it.
You're a bunch of geeks who want to protect their porn and the court
isn't going to buy it."
He brought up IP Version 6, which the DoJ has focused on in
cross-examination of one of our witnesses, Scott Bradner from the IETF:
    13           Q   Would it be fair to say, to summarize what you've just
    14           said, that the IP Next Generation group is working on a new
    15           generation of the IP Protocol itself?
    16           A   That is correct.
    17           Q   Does it have -- does the IP Next Generation group have
    18           recommendations regarding a specific architecture of the
    19           packet traffic on the Internet, including the format of the
    20           packet?
The DoJ and Taylor are going to argue that IP V6 can include such an
adult/minor tag in each datagram! One of their key witnesses is Dan
Olsen, the head of the computer science department at Brigham Young
University and the incoming director of the Human Computer Interaction
Institute at CMU.
Olsen's background is NOT in distributed computing environments and
protocol design -- but that minor detail notwithstanding, it looks like
he'll be testifying this Friday that such a tagging scheme is
technically possible.
Chris Hansen from the ACLU told me last Friday: "Olsen is going to push
this tagging idea that the government has, that you can imbed in your
tag -- in your address -- an adult or minor tag. They're going to
suggest that the market will come into existence that will make that
tagging relevant."

@_date: 1996-04-10 02:59:32
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Australia's New South Wales tries net-censorship 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Apr-96 Re: Australia's New South
W.. by Robert Rosenberg at panix.c That is also one of the times the Feds are permitted to allow child porn
out of their possession -- when they send it to someone via USPS and are
waiting to spring on the unfortunate perp as he or she is opening it.
This from conversations with former Federal prosecutors.

@_date: 1996-04-10 12:14:13
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Singapore & the net 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Apr-96 Singapore & the net by
Michael Froomkin at law.mia Some Singapore lawyerperns have responded to my net.censorship update
page with corrections. I'll track down the mail and forward to the list.

@_date: 1996-04-12 01:34:59
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Know Your Net.Enemies Project 
Would anyone be interested in collaborating on a "Know Your Net Enemies"
We'd start with a resource like Bob Chatelle's excellent web pages at
 and with permission build on
it and list the deceptions and misrepresentations each Net-Enemy has
engaged in -- what each has done to restrict liberty online. We'd
include original documents and links as appropriate.
Who would be listed? Well, there's the family values groups
[AFA/CC/NLC/EE!/FOF/FRC], the green card spammers, Carnegie Mellon
University, Marty Rimm, the Church of Scientology, the Simon Wiesenthal
Center, the NSA, German state prosecutors, Senator Exon, Dorothy
Denning, and so on.
If each collaborator takes a particular group or person, this could be
done relatively quickly. Then we'd put it online at EFF's web site, with
prominent treatment. All contributors would receive full credit for
their work, of course.
Anyone interested? This would be a great resource.

@_date: 1996-04-12 07:48:03
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Know Your Net.Enemies Project 
Excerpts from cypherpunks: 11-Apr-96 Re: Know Your Net.Enemies P.. by
Timothy C. May at got.net Tim, I thought that the "Enemies List" name would be seen as a
deliberate takeoff of Nixon's Enemies List, and what I thought would be
a humorous working title for the project until a permanent one was
found. You may remember, BTW, that I don't have the power of the FBI to
But since I was unclear and since the joke was ill-taken, I apologize.
To be clear: I envision this as opposition research. In the context of
the CDA, it was very useful to know what the family values groups were
saying -- their arguments and their strategies. A central collection
point for such research is a useful thing.
Suggestions for a working title, anyone?

@_date: 1996-04-12 12:58:10
@_author: Michael C. Peponis 
@_subject: I have seen the enemy, and it is us (was Know Your Net.Enemies) 
Sure, it's worth a shot, but what is the ultimate goal???
I have noticed that there has been alot of noise about who is doing what, but instead of whining and crying, what are we going to do about it????
Cryptology lets people put an envelope on their communications, which is a significant achievment.  Digital signatures allow for authentication, another acheivement, but what else could be coded?
Sure, it is technicaly possible to set up net sites whos physical location could not be determined without alot of effort, but at that point, the war has already been lost, that practice is just minimizing the extent of the loss.
Seems all the end result is just rialing up everybody, and repeting ad nausum how stupid these people are, like we didn't know that These are not technical problems, they can not be coded out of existance.  The problem is with people, and must be delt with at that Legislation and debate will not do a damm thing, we have our views, others have thiers, and the two will never meet.  Personally, I don't even respect the family groups, national security types, etc, thus I really do not care about thier concerns or feelings, nor do they care for mine.
At some point and time, people are going to decide for themselves what is their freedom worth.  Are they willing to give up all the benifits of a parential govement taking care of them so that they can be truely free.
I would say no, even most people here are all for freedom, as long as it does not cost them anything.
They are all for freedom as long as they don't have to live in fear for their life because absolute freedom means that everybody can do whatever they want, and some people have no problem blowing you away for the stupidest reasons.
Such is human nature, alot of people are not very nice, sorry, that is the way it is.
The other one was "We need a stable enviorment to continue generating captital so we can afford to by new toys"
Again, we have a choice, give up our freedom for the toys, or give up the toys to be free.
As has been said many times before FREEDOM ISN'T FREE.
Michael C. Peponis
Public Key Avalible Via Key Servers, or Finger

@_date: 1996-04-12 22:22:32
@_author: eli+@GS160.SP.CS.CMU.EDU 
@_subject: why compression doesn't perfectly even out entropy 
It's not a useful estimate of entropy, and I don't see what you mean
by "`weak key' type data".  There are no keys or PRNGs involved here,
just a hash function.  Now, if you've got a sufficiently compressible
data stream, compression may be a fast way to jump-start the
distillation, but you absolutely need a priori information on the
entropy of the source.
If your definition of entropy is at least as strong as Kolmogorov
complexity, it's infeasible to compute.  The way to measure entropy is
to spend ten years trying to understand the data source, and hope that
no one else can afford to spend twenty.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+ at cs.cmu.edu

@_date: 1996-04-14 05:33:22
@_author: Michael C. Peponis 
@_subject: Edited Edupage, 4 April 1996 
Not really, it's a tool used in Data Warehousing/Decission Support Here is what it is in a nut shell.
A company creates a Data Warehouse, defining it's data universe in terms of business rules and practices.
Data Mining is the process by which users try to make sence of all the data.
They call it "intelligent" because it supports natural language queries, ie the end user does not need to know SQL or the table layouts to retrieve the information they want.
Very sketchy explination, but there are entire volumes written on the subject, and it's new technology so the exact definition varies depending on who you ask.
I have been developing systems like this for the past year, and I still can't give people a cut and dry answer as to what the hell it Michael C. Peponis
Public Key Avalible Via Key Servers, or Finger

@_date: 1996-04-17 02:32:14
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA Court Challenge: Update #7 (Ducks on the Net) 
Excerpts from cypherpunks: 15-Apr-96 Re: CDA Court Challenge: Up.. by
Timothy C. May at got.net The headlines were mine, not The Netly News'. They do not appear on
TNN's web site.
-Declan, now guilty of "cute headlines"

@_date: 1996-04-18 02:33:58
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: What's the "Human Interaction Institute" at CMU For ??? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 16-Apr-96 What's the "Human
Interacti.. by ssalgaller at CCGATE.HAC.CO Olsen's expertise seems to lie in the area of user interfaces.
Though you never know what those kooky geeks are thinking of over in
Wean Hall...

@_date: 1996-04-18 02:44:45
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: on corporations and subpoenas 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 17-Apr-96 Re[2]: on corporations and
.. by "Adam Pingitore" My dearest Adam:
If I tell you to rot and die, will you "spam my ass" too?
A friend

@_date: 1996-04-19 01:52:21
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA Court Challenges 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 17-Apr-96 CDA Court Challenges by
K00l Secrets at secret.alia Yeah, I should make sure they're all up on the fight-censorship archive
site ( Until then, you can
find them at:

@_date: 1996-04-19 04:33:24
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: GNU Version 0.01 (alpha) of KiddieFind is now available 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 18-Apr-96 GNU Version 0.01 (alpha)
of.. by Anonymous at REPLAY.COM I forwarded this to my fight-censorship list with a comment prepended
saying that this showed how dangerous the government's proposal was.
I've already received on query from an editor at a respected magazine
asking me for more information, saying that KiddieFind and the Under18
bit "looks like a good story." :)

@_date: 1996-04-19 19:10:53
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: "STOP SENDING ME THIS SHIT" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 19-Apr-96 Re: "STOP SENDING ME THIS
S.. by Ecafe M. Remailer at remail I subscribed to Sameer's "clueless" list yesterday and haven't seen any
posts so far. :(

@_date: 1996-04-20 19:58:59
@_author: Michael B Herf 
@_subject: Dictionary searching code 
I have some anagram code that could be easily adapted to do what you
say.  Basically, it will find any anagram of a word exists in a
dictionary.  This means you can query an arbitrarily large dictionary at
Actually, now that I think about it, it takes 2 seeks, but you could
remove one of them if you were doing a lot of queries.  (i.e. 1+n seeks
for n=number of words.)
Look at ftp://vivarin.res.cmu.edu/pub/scram

@_date: 1996-04-22 01:05:35
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: OS/2 encryption 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 21-Apr-96 Re: OS/2 encryption by
mirele at xmission.com posted, or ema
I have excerpts from the letter and some other background on the recent
Sciento threats at:
                    =Scientology's+legal+fishing+expedition,+expanded+enemies+list&
          after=2259
But for more detailed treatment, Ron Newman's web page is the place to look:

@_date: 1996-04-22 04:41:03
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: DC gossip on Mike Nelson 
Just heard from a reliable source: Mike Nelson of the White House Office
of Science and Technology Policy has moved on from the position of
civilian co-chair of the Interagency Key Escrow Alternatives committee
(I think I got that right) and will be replaced by Bruce McConnell,
deputy to Sally Katzen at OMB/OIRA.

@_date: 1996-04-24 14:39:41
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Rabbi Hier Testimony 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 23-Apr-96 Re: Rabbi Hier Testimony
by Declan McCullagh at CMU.EDU While I'm at it, I should offer my prediction that the Southern Poverty
Law Center likely will become active in attempts to regulate and control
the Net.
To the SPLC, bomb-building and other, um, incendiary information should
be restricted. In today's Washinton Post, Morris Dees, the Center's
co-founder, indicates that a book Timothy McVeigh read influenced him to
bomb the Oklahoma City building.

@_date: 1996-04-24 15:06:44
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Rabbi Hier Testimony 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 23-Apr-96 Rabbi Hier Testimony by
"E. ALLEN SMITH" The Simon Wiesenthal Center and the ADL would love to outlaw anonymity
on the Net. Here's some info on their attempts to restrict online speech:
CDT report on Hier's testimony at Senate hearing last May:
  ACLU's *detailed* reporting on SWC's longtime net-censorship attempts:
   ADL decries "web of hate":
  ADL research analyst's personal position on Internet hate speech:
  ADL claims information is seductive, needs to be censored:   IHR (biased) reporting on SWC/ADL net-censorship attempts:
   How ADL tries to recruit hackers to sabotage enemies' computers:
   SWC tries to muzzle critics in Argentina, Canada:      SWC exaggerates "hate speech" threat for funding and self-perpetuation:
      The EF Canada web pages also detail how the SWC has been trying to get
the Canadian equivalent of the FCC to regulate the Internet. The ACLU
reports at the URL above how the SWC has tried the same trick here in
the U.S.

@_date: 1996-04-24 16:48:53
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [NOISE] [Wager: Seeming Resolution] 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 23-Apr-96 [Wager: Seeming
Resolution] by Black Unicorn at schloss.li I confess I had a good laugh at Jim Bell's expense. His attempt at
weaseling was sadly uninspired, and Black Unicorn was quite right to
move in for the kill.
But to be fair to Jim Bell, perhaps $100 is still too high? I mean this
in complete seriousness: I have to come up with nearly $2,000 cash by
this weekend, and I wouldn't be able to make such a wager at this time,
no matter how right I felt I was.

@_date: 1996-04-24 18:37:11
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Rabbi Hier Testimony 
I was waiting for Rich to whine about my message criticizing the Simon
Wiesenthal Center. He was good enough to oblige, being the FUCKING
STATIST that he is:
Funny, that. The links I provided were primarily to reports from the
ACLU, CDT, wire dispatches, and firsthand reports by respected
They must be part of the FUCKING STATIST conspiracy to oppress the poor,
beleaguered -- and sadly misunderstood -- free speech advocates at the
Simon Wiesenthal Center! A stinging blow! I can hardly wait for the next.

@_date: 1996-04-24 18:38:11
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Militias, reputation capital, unfounded rumor-mongering, and the DNS 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 24-Apr-96 Militias, reputation
capita.. by Rich Graves at networking.s Wow. Rich has surprised me by demonstrating that even he can be
insightful -- for a FUCKING STATIST!

@_date: 1996-04-25 13:48:18
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Anti-porn activists' old memo on alt.sex.*, anonymous remailers 
This is a note I came across in my archives hinting at how anti-porn
groups used the content of the alt.sex.* groups to pass the CDA, and how
they may not exactly be a fan of anonymous remailers.
Attached is a memo from Deen Kaplan, previously a vice president at the
then-named National Coalition Against Pornography, to other anti-porn
activists. Note that John McMickle soon afterwards became a member of
Sen. Chuck Grassley's staff and helped recruit witnesses for the July
1995 cyberporn hearings. (You may recall that Grassley was pushing for a
law even worse than the CDA.)
Some of the names on the To: line are easy to identify, like Rice-Hughes
and Jepsen from Enough is Enough! And Cathy Cleaver from the Family
Research Council, whom I'm debating in a few weeks. The others I haven't
figured out yet.
(The FRC is run by Gary Bauer, a former policy assistant to Reagan and a
former undersecretary at the Department of Education. Now Bauer heads
the FRC, the DC-based lobbying extension of James Dobson's Focus on the
Family." Dobson's history includes serving on the Attorney General's
Commission on Pornography, aka the Meese Commission. Bauer also embraced
Marty Rimm's cyberporn study as gospel, calling the ACLU and EFF "porn
industry apologists" who are "taking cheap shots at this comprehensive
I'm passing this along as an FYI.
My Rimm web site:
  The attached article and followup:
  Cleaver's op-ed on CDA: "Kids Need Protection in Cyberspace, Too"

@_date: 1996-04-25 13:58:11
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Brock Meeks: "The Encryption Clock" 
[Near end, Mike Nelson is quoted insisting that White House wants
voluntary key escrow, etc. --Declan]
The Encryption Clock
                When US Attorney General Janet Reno held a high-profile                  news conference crowing about the first successful use of
                an "Internet wiretap," she set the "Encryption Clock" in
                motion.
                The Encryption Clock (my own invention) is shamelessly
                stolen from the "Doomsday Clock" ginned up by nuclear
                scientists during the Cold War. Since 1947 the Bulletin
                of Atomic Scientists has moved the minute hand on the                   Doomsday Clock forward or backward; the placement was a                 guess by the planet's top minds as to how close the world
                was to full-scale nuclear holocaust. Midnight signaled                  the end of humanity. At the height of Reagan's "Evil                   Empire" rhetoric, the clock was 3 minutes from striking                 12. It was only after the USSR self-destructed that the
                clock was rolled back from the brink, and it now sits at
                14 minutes from 12.
                If the Encryption Clock strikes midnight, we will see the
                FBI's crypto wet dream realized: A ban on encryption                 schemes that were not developed or endorsed by the                    government.
                The ban will be swift and brutal and will come without
                public debate. It will cover the FBI's encryption "hat
                trick," outlawing private encryption during all phone                  calls, modem communications, and even of files stored on                 your hard disk.

@_date: 1996-04-26 22:49:06
@_author: Michael Loomis 
@_subject: US law - World Law - Secret Banking 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 25-Apr-96 Re: US law - World Law -
Se.. by Timothy C. May at got.net     I have been reading this list to get an idea where Declan gets some
of his lunatic ideas and what Rich Graves says when he is not up to
Holocaust fetishism.  Despite Timothy's claim to the contrary, it seems
that the basic point of this list is some libertarian notion that tax
evasion is a good thing.  While I am not clear how serious of threat, if
one at all, to a system of fair taxiation, since much of the talk could
be simply bluff, I have been made glad for the first time for the War on
Drugs.  This silly war--tragic in terms of its economic cost and its
assault on liberty--at least has forces some government agencies to take
you seriously enough to figure out how to derail your plans of tax
Michael Loomis

@_date: 1996-04-27 05:11:56
@_author: G Ackerman 
@_subject: PGP + Pegasus Mail 
I want to know if it is possible -  and how to use PGP from within Pmail.  (I want to use the Encrypt option in PMail with a method PGP - is it possible and what must I do to get it to work) (including Digital Signature, etc)
      |
      |         (o)(o)     G Ackerman
  C       _)    Free State Education Department  ,____|      gerhard at pyrod.ovsod.co.za
 /           +27 +(0)51 4074127
 /__\
DISCLAIMER:  EXPRESSED OPINIONS ARE MY OWN AND MIGHT NOT BE
             SHARED BY MY EMPLOYER OR ANYONE ELSE.

@_date: 1996-04-28 15:59:31
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet Police Law (fwd) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 27-Apr-96 Internet Police Law (fwd)
by Adam philipp at rosa.com I have quite a bit of info on this, including the text of the law, at:
          =The+Day+the+Sites+Went+Out+in+Georgia?&after=2233

@_date: 1996-04-30 15:42:24
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: DRAFT agenda for DC net-conference in early May 
I recently saw a DRAFT agenda for a day-long Net-conference to be held
in early May, hosted by Congressmen Jack Fields and Rick White. Panels
include Future of the Internet, Electronic Commerce, Intellectual
Property, Law Enforcement and Encryption, and Education on the Net.
Highlights include a POSSIBLE luncheon address by The Honorable Newt
Thought DC-area cypherpunks might like an advance heads-up.

@_date: 1996-08-11 03:33:25
@_author: Timothy Lawrence Nali 
@_subject: Police prepare stunning end for high-speed car chases 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 10-Aug-96 Police prepare stunning
end.. by Gary Howland at systemics.c [stuff about police wanting a new "stun gun" that can disable a car's
electrical systems deleted] That last one may already be true.  I don't know about automotive
electronic systems, but there's a nice sticker on the back of my
computer that states the following:
        This device complies with the FCC, part 15 rules.
        Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
        1)  This device may not cause harmful interference.
        2)  This device must accept any interference received,
            including interference that may cause undesired operation.
And as for remote controls in all cars, that's not as far fetched as one
may think.  Watch for this in the form of car alarm/security systems. Imagine the following scenrio:
1) You just noticed that your car is stolen.
2) You call the XXX security company to report your car as stolen.
3) The company beams down a signal by satellite/pager/cell-phone/etc.    telling the car's security systems that the car has been stolen.
4) This signal instructs the car to disable itself (shut down the engine,    lock the doors, etc.) and, via a GPS module and built-in    cell-phone/pager/etc., transmit it's coordinates.
5) The car is recovered and everyone is happy.
Of course, once such systems are widespread, the XXX security company
will be "encouraged" to cooperate with local police and send that
shut-down signal to any car the police tell them to.
 Tim Nali            \  "We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of
 tn0s at andrew.cmu.edu  \   the dreams" -Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory

@_date: 1996-12-11 11:19:35
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Utility of Snake Oil FAQ 
Good for you. I think Tim has largely overestimated the clue of the
average FAQ-reader. I've learned quite a bit from FAQs. Besides,
multiple distribution points for the same info are a Good Think, in
that they increase exposure, and use different language to express the
same things, thus allowing greater comprehension.
A few suggestions:
Pot the warning signs near the top. The technical intro is too brief
to be easily understandable by mosr MIS folks, and may scare them
away. I think a good organization for the document would be
1) Warning signs
2) The stuff about key sizes
3) The technical intro
4) everything else
Also, I saw no mention of source releases in the warning signs
section. Publishing your algorithm is good, but if there's a bug in
your random-number generator (Netscape?), you're screwed.
Examples of good and bad crypto. Stuffit and MSWord encryption is bad,
PGP is good, that sort of thing.
Anyway, I think it's a good resource.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-12-11 11:33:11
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Harddisk encryption ?? 
If you had read his message, you would have noted that he's on a
private network. Net sniffing should not be a problem, unless he's
under tempest attack. Of course in that case, he's probably screwd
anyway. Nahh, however, watch out for temporary files lying around, post-its
with passwords written on them, plaintexts lying around on unencrypted
partitions, etc.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-12-11 18:44:10
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Check out today's Salon 
A less obnoxious URL is
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-12-13 13:06:59
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: ITARs effects 
This has always been the case. At this point, it is sufficient to make
the downlaoder promise that they are a US citizen-unit (eg the mit pgp
dist.). Of course, seeing as how no congressional laws involved, the
ores. could decide that that's not good enough on a whim.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-02-01 22:01:26
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Tim's paranoid rant about Declan appearing on "Europe's Most Wanted" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 1-Feb-96 Tim's paranoid rant about
D.. by Just Rich at c2.org So you're getting pissy that you're not The Only Zundel Mirror. Big
fucking deal. Get over it. The more the better.
I find it telling that you wrote me mail demanding that I alter my web
pages to your satisfaction or you'll smear me in the press, since your
web site (you informed me) is going to be featured in the next issue of
TIME, Internet World, and the San Francisco Chronicle.
Hey, guy, kudos to you. Glad to hear it. Smear the fuck away.
    "I'll honor your wishes and take your full name off."
I did *not* write that I'd take Stanford's name off the pages. I did
take your full name off, as I said I would.
The point of mentioning universities by name is to point out that to
restrict web access to a university site, Germany will have to cut of
*all* web access to that university. (Or at least to that hostname.)
(BTW, I did give you credit for supplying much of the Zundelschtuff:
  Your friend, Haggai Kupermintz, sent me unsolicited email demanding to
know why I didn't act on a request that was sent earlier that day. I
have better things to do than leap on every demand I get, so I flamed
him. *shrug* Big deal. I didn't know a rather mild flame was "abuse." If
you don't want to be "abused," don't send me demands in unsolicited
email. (I'm glad for the sake of other "abusers" at Stanford that your
school's speech code was struck down by a California court last year.)
I don't follow. In what way is that disclaimer untrue? You *do*
represent Stanford? The concept of academic freedom doesn't apply to
staff members? If that's true, you do have a point.
I've never claimed to be Mr. Anti-Censorship. I've been trying my best
to resist certain specific censorship attempts for the last few years,
and I've even met with some limited success. Does the ego good and all.
Oh, spare me. You posted to cypherpunks that the files were available
via AFS, so I snagged them. You didn't "give" them to me any more than I
"gave" people the Zundelhausenfiles if they FTP 'em from my account.
How can you "retain closer control" over files that are publicly
available on the web? You can make them more difficult to get, I
suppose, but I think that defeats the purpose and is a simply fascist
thing to do -- if the purpose is to make them available anyway.
Hell, your files were out-of-date, so I had to go back to the Zundelsite
One mirror site may have had a limited effect, but more mirror sites
have a more significant effect.
The press likes a local angle, and local mirrors are giving them just
that. I put a reporter from the Boston Globe in touch with the UMass
mirror operator, and a reporter from the Philadelphia Inquirer in touch
with the University of Pennyslvania mirror operator. I'd love to see
mirrors in every major city for greater coverage in every major paper.
If you don't understand that concept, you don't understand the way the
media works.
As I've told you in email, I disagree. This is the first time a Western
government has tried to do something like this, and a strong (not a mild
or "graduated") response is necessary.
If there were just one mirror, I can see the German prosecutors cutting
off access to that one too. Sure, we can put up more and more, but if
the German government starts along the path of blocking sites
one-by-one, it may be difficult for them to back down, and we're faced
with a pitched battle. That's why a strong initial showing is necessary,
to demonstrate to them the futility of censoring the Internet.
So Rich, answer me this: "What articulable and demonstrable harm have
additional mirror sites done, besides hurt your ego?"
I'm a big fan of Tim's, and I think that while he may have been jesting,
his comments have a serious undertone.
I don't really expect to be locked up for the rest of my life in a
German cellblock, but harassment at entry/exit points is possible.
Perhaps probable, given that other "distributors" of Neo-Nazi spew have
experienced just that.
Yep, exactly. The more you know about Mr. "UFOs in Antarctica," the
better you can do the job.
Please send me in private email (or post it here if you really want)
exactly what you want me to change.
Rich, by now I suspect you've seen this joke, but what the hell:
   Q: What's a left-wing firing squad?
   A: Everyone stands in a circle and shoots at each other

@_date: 1996-02-01 22:20:04
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan appearing on "Europe's Most Wanted" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 1-Feb-96 Declan appearing on
"Europe.. by Timothy C. May at got.net Tim, you really know how to scare a fellow with this Subject: line this
early in the morning!
My take on the situation, from cyberia and WELL discussions, is that if
a book is banned under French law, it may be difficult to sue for
copyright violations. (Intuitively, this sorta makes sense. If you are
*unable* to sell it, what damages are there?) Also, international law
would require that the copyright holder sue in my local U.S. court.
I have not heard from either the publisher or author, even though French
ISPs have linked to my page and it's been getting a decent amount of
traffic. Interestingly, almost all the comments I've received have been
positive -- only two negative responses, including one email bombing
attempt. I would be interested to know what the publisher and author's
perspectives are on this. Reports from France indicate that the
publisher, Plon, is *not* going to sue the guy who first put it online.
I'm not too worried about France, but I'm having second thoughts about
Germany. Let's just say I'm not planning a vacation there anytime soon.
Thanks, Tim. I haven't actually spoken to my attorney (the former head
of the local ACLU) about this, and perhaps I should have. *sigh* He'll
probably yell at me for getting involved in yet another controversy...

@_date: 1996-02-02 15:37:57
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Anti-Nazi Authentication [Was: Tim's paranoid rant about Declan...] 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 2-Feb-96 Re: Tim's paranoid rant
abo.. by attila at primenet.com Yeah, I don't particularly enjoy rants, but I engage in them myself
occasionally, so I'm willing to cut Rich some slack.
We've since mended fences and we're working in the same direction. I had
thought his initial actions were slightly irrational, but now I know him
a bit better, I think.
Both of us are working in good faith, and that's what's important here.
In particular, the NeoNazi slime are really starting to piss of both of
us. Can anyone say "defamation," on this fascist's darling little page
at Georgia State: [  ]
                     ^^                         ^^^^
       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Now, this guy copied that file from my web site. Fine -- it was up for
FTP. But editing my comments to *support* Neo-Nazis and leaving my name
is just fucking too much. I've sent him polite mail requesting a change.
We'll see what happens.
Cypherpunk relevance? Authentication for web pages. There's no reason
for a reasonable person to believe, at first glance, that I was *not*
the author.
Perhaps someone has suggested this before, but should a web browser's
functionality be extended to support authentication via an automated
PGP-type mechanism? Using comments, possibly. I guess I'm just pissed
over this attribution of Zundelscheistenviews to me, but has anyone else
run into such a problem?
(Legal threats and complaints to sysadmins are of course another

@_date: 1996-02-03 10:34:28
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Futplex makes the news! 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 2-Feb-96 Re: Futplex makes the news!
by Timothy C. May at got.net If we're talking about Nazis, UMass is the place to look for the PC
breed of 'em. Check out  for info on
their recent PC speech code censor attempts at UMass Amherst.
I've decided to take the materials off my web pages -- but with no
pressure from, and in fact no communication at all with CMU
administrators. I've had nothing but support from the School of Computer
Science folks at Carnegie Mellon. A CMU SCS faculty member even offered
to host the pages if the administration got their panties in a snit.
This after there was a front page above-the-fold article in today's
Pittsburgh Tribune Review: "CMU in middle of Internet flap" It talked
about the Simon Wiesenthal Center's efforts to, um, educate university
    The Simon Wiesenthal Center, the world's leading anti-Nazi organization,
was fuming however -- faxing indignant messages to the presidents of CMU,
Stanford, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and University of
    Mark Weitzman, the director of the Wiesenthal Center's Task Force Against
Hate, said he had heard nothing by late yesterday afternoon from CMU
President Robert Mehrabian, whom he had urged by fax Wednesday "to address
this issue as quickly as possible."...
    Linda Hurwitz, director of the Holocaust Center of Pittsburgh, criticized
the postings, saying while she didn't approve of censorship in general, some
lies were so harmful that they were tantamount to yelling "fire" in a crowded
I don't often congratulate Carnegie Mellon for a job well done, but this
is one of those occasions. (Though I'm not sure how the administration
would have reacted if the Zundelstumphen was in my Andrew account
instead of my SCS AFS directory...)

@_date: 1996-02-03 23:43:33
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Germany investigates AOL for providing Zundelaccess 
German prosecutors appear to be using the *threat* of charges to force
AOL and CompuServe to block access to web sites. I suspect they'd rather
not actually file formal charges...
This is escalation. Faced with criminal charges for "inciting racial
hatred" or with enraged customers if they block access to web servers in
the U.S., what will AOL do? Try to block by URL?

@_date: 1996-02-04 03:00:28
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 3-Feb-96 THE JEWS (ALL of them!)
Try.. by ErnstZundl at aol.com Damn, he blew my cover. I shall seek vengeance with my orbital
mindcontrol lasers.

@_date: 1996-02-04 07:25:26
@_author: Cecelia A Clancy 
@_subject: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
Ernst Zu"ndel's e-mail address is ezundel at cts.com.  He is on on
AOL to me knowledge.
The above text does not feel like Zu"ndel to me.  I think
that this ErnstZundel at aol.com might very well be an imposter.
The above is not the real Zu"ndel's speaking or writing
style.  Zu"ndel does not want books burned and people persecuted
nor does he want certain races and ethnic groups declared
Zu"ndel more likely to complain about hypocricy and lack of tolerance
than lack of capitalized Free Speech. (At least according to
what I have been exposed to of him.)
Mossad?  Come on, get real.  The real Mossad would have an address
that ends in .il.   The ending .gov is for US government agencies.
"Do not write to these people", huh.  Well, I wonder if this is
because some of these addresses might all be fake?  I'll try sending to
them to see what happens.
Lemineberg!   That's a spoof on "Mark Lemire" a guy who really
works with the real Zu"ndel.
Sorry, but the guy with the Charlie Chaplain mustache spelled his
first name "Adolf", not "Adolph."  The real Zu"ndel would not
make this misspellilng.
Cecelia Clancy
University of Pittsburgh
cacst9+ at pitt.edu
+1 (412) 441-2231

@_date: 1996-02-04 21:30:00
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 4-Feb-96 Re: THE JEWS (ALL of
them!).. by K00l Secrets at secret.alia Ernst Zundel is indeed a National Socialist. But as others pointed out
in previous messages, his real email address is ezundel at cts.com. I
posted a message to fight-censorship last week on the emergence of the
Zundelimposter. It's archived at the remaining CMU mirror site, at:

@_date: 1996-02-04 22:30:37
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
Excerpts from request: 4-Feb-96 Re: THE JEWS (ALL of them!).. by
ErnstZundl at aol.com The ernstzundl at aol.com imposter obviously does not know that Xenu will
chain him to an Antarctic volcano and annihilate him with nuclear
weapons. Beware the thetans!
ObCrypto: Obviously someone as controversial as Zundel needs to PGP-sign
his messages. (Actually, *her* messages, since Ingrid posts for the
Zundelish One.) Does anyone want to show her how to use PGP? I think she
has a PPP connection from her computer at home to cts.com. Message
headers don't indicate what mailer she uses.

@_date: 1996-02-08 08:04:13
@_author: Martin C Sweitzer 
@_subject: Exon Communications Decency Act 
To Subscribers of the CDT Policy Post List:
As you know, Congress last week approved sweeping restrictions on online
speech by passing the Exon Communications Decency Act.  President Clinton
is expected to sign the bill into law as early as Thursday, Feb. 8.
CDT has joined forces with the Voters Telecommunications Watch (VTW) and
other advocacy organizations including EFF, EPIC, the ACLU and People
for the American Way to organize an Internet protest against the enactment
of the CDA and to illustrate the far reaching effects of this legislation.
Please join us and hundreds of thousands of Internet users by turning your
world wide web pages black for 48 hours after the President signs the bill.
Instructions on how to participate, along with information on how to find
out exactly when the President will sign the bill, are included below. You
can also visit CDT's 48 hours protest page at
For more information on the Internet-censorship issue, including the
text of the
bill, analysis, and other relevant materials, please visit CDT's net-censorship
web page ( or send email to .
Thank you for your support!
Jonah Seiger
CDT Editor,         JOIN HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF OTHER INTERNET USERS IN
                     * 48 HOURS OF PROTEST *
   AFTER PRESIDENT CLINTON SIGNS THE BILL THAT WILL CENSOR THE INTERNET
        Update: -Latest News: Congress passed the net censorship language
                              on 2/1/96.
                -What You Can Do Now: Help demonstrate the extent of the
                        impact of the Internet Censorship legislation. Join
                        Hundreds of thousands of Internet Users in an
                        International protest for 48 hours after Clinton
                        Signs the bill.
        CAMPAIGN TO STOP THE UNCONSTITUTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS DECENCY ACT
                  Feb 3, 1996 (expires Feb 29, 1996)
      PLEASE WIDELY REDISTRIBUTE THIS DOCUMENT WITH THIS BANNER INTACT
                This alert and coalition coordinated by the
               Voters Telecommunications Watch (vtw at vtw.org)
        The Latest News
        What You Can Do Now
        Chronology of the CDA
        For More Information
        List Of Participating Organizations
THE LATEST NEWS
Last week Congress approved sweeping restrictions on online speech and
conduct, imposing fines of $250,000 and jail sentences of 2 years for
anyone who makes "indecent" material available in a public forum online.
This legislation threatens the very existence of the Internet as a viable
means of free expression, education, and political discourse.
Despite loud objections from civil liberties groups and the public,
the measure is part of a massive telecommunications bill that President
Clinton has already pledged to sign.  Although you should feel free to
continue to express your objections directly to the President, there are
other ways to express our outrage for this legislation.  The President
is expected to sign this bill into law during the week of Feb 5-9, 1996.
For 48 hours after Clinton signs the Telecommunications Reform bill into law,
join hundreds of thousands of Internet users everywhere to show the far
reaching impact this bill will have on all Internet users.  TURN YOUR
WORLD WIDE WEB PAGES BLACK with white lettering to demonstrate that the
Internet will not accept this kind of second class treatment from the
United States Government.
WHAT YOU CAN DO NOW
1. For 48 hours after Clinton signs the net censorship language in the
   Telecomm bill into law, TURN YOUR WORLD WIDE WEB PAGES BLACK with
   white lettering.  To know when the bill is signed, check these
   sources:
        Newsgroups: alt.society.civil-disob
        Email:vtw-announce at vtw.org (watch for mail on this list)
        WWW:
        Finger:vtw at panix.com
   You can also just watch CNN; they'll announce the signing of the bill.
   To turn your pages black with white lettering, simply add the following
   tag to your World Wide Web pages:
   Put this right after your  tags, and before any  tags.
   To explain to people who may be confused by the color change, temporarily
   add the following link to your page:
        My World Wide Web Pages are
                black for 48 hours to protest second-class treatment from the
                US Government for free speech.  Read about it at this WWW
                page.
   The Center for Democracy and Technology has also agreed to mirror a
   similar page at URL:
   If your pages get lots of hits from services that cache their pages like
   America  Online, you may wish to start turning your pages black early.
   Please try and wait though until Clinton signs the bill, for maximum
   effect.
   Also, urge your Internet Provider and any Internet WWW pages you
   frequent to turn their pages black.  Send us interesting sites that
   comply to vtw at vtw.org.
        $ Mail vtw at vtw.org
        Subject: ZTV.COM is turning their pages black!
        I'm the head of the ZTV Website and I've decided to turn our
        pages black.  Thought you'd like to know.
        ^D
        Mail sent!
2. Don't forget to send Clinton a message, contact him at:
        Email:president at whitehouse.gov
        Telephone:202-456-1111
        Fax:202-456-2461
   Sample communique:
        You're about to sign a bill into law that imposes a terrible
        set of speech restrictions on the Internet that belong in the
        broadcast medium, not the interactive one.
        I'm turning my World Wide Web pages BLACK for 48 hours after you
        sign the bill as a symbol of protest to show how many people will
        be affected by this bill.
   It is unlikely that he will veto the bill.
3. Make a commitment become involved!  There will be several court cases
   coming up to challenge the Internet censorship legislation, as well as
   an election that will put every single member of the House, and 1/3rd
   of the Senate (most of whom voted for this legislation) onto the ballot.
   Don't let them get away with this.  Make this a campaign issue, and
   keep an eye out for legal defense funds for those challenging these
   laws in court.
CHRONOLOGY OF THE COMMUNICATIONS DECENCY ACT
Feb  1, '96     The House and Senate pass the Telecomm Bill (S652/HR1555)
                414-16 and 91-5.
Jan 31, '96     The House and Senate prepare to signoff on the conference
                report for the Telecomm bill and rush a vote to the floor.
Dec  7, '95     The House half of the Telecomm conference committee
                votes the "indecency" standard for online speech into
                the Telecomm Deregulation bill.
Sep 26, '95     Sen. Russ Feingold urges committee members to drop
                Managers Amendment and the CDA from the Telecommunications
                Deregulation bill
Aug  4, '95     House passes HR1555 which goes into conference with S652.
Aug  4, '95     House votes to attach Managers Amendment (which contains
                new criminal penalties for speech online) to
                Telecommunications Reform bill (HR1555).
Aug  4, '95     House votes 421-4 to attach HR1978 to Telecommunications
                Reform bill (HR1555).
Jun 30, '95     Cox and Wyden introduce the "Internet Freedom and Family
                Empowerment Act" (HR 1978) as an alternative to the CDA.
Jun 21, '95     Several prominent House members publicly announce their
                opposition to the CDA, including Rep. Newt Gingrich (R-GA),
                Rep. Chris Cox (R-CA), and Rep. Ron Wyden (D-OR).
Jun 14, '95     The Senate passes the CDA as attached to the Telecomm
                reform bill (S 652) by a vote of 84-16.  The Leahy bill
                (S 714) is not passed, but is supported by 16 Senators
                who understand the Internet.
May 24, '95     The House Telecomm Reform bill (HR 1555) leaves committee
                in the House with the Leahy alternative attached to it,
                thanks to Rep. Ron Klink of (D-PA).  The Communications
                Decency Act is not attached to it.
Apr  7, '95     Sen. Leahy (D-VT) introduces S.714, an alternative to
                the Exon/Gorton bill, which commissions the Dept. of
                Justice to study the problem to see if additional legislation
                (such as the CDA) is necessary.
Mar 23, '95     S314 amended and attached to the telecommunications reform
                bill by Sen. Gorton (R-WA).  Language provides some provider
                protection, but continues to infringe upon email privacy
                and free speech.
Feb 21, '95     HR1004 referred to the House Commerce and Judiciary committees
Feb 21, '95     HR1004 introduced by Rep. Johnson (D-SD)
Feb  1, '95     S314 referred to the Senate Commerce committee
Feb  1, '95     S314 introduced by Sen. Exon (D-NE) and Gorton (R-WA).
FOR MORE INFORMATION
Web Sites (roughly in alphabetical order)
        URL:
        URL:
        URL:
        URL:
        URL:
        cda-info at cdt.org (General CDA information)
        cda-stat at cdt.org (Current status of the CDA)
LIST OF PARTICIPATING ORGANIZATIONS AND BUSINESSES
In order to use the net more effectively, several organizations have
joined forces on a single Congressional net campaign to stop the
Communications Decency Act.  Because the list is so long, we've been
forced to omit many fine organizations.  See the VTW Free Speech Web Page
at URL: for the whole list.
Public Interest Organizations                     Businesses
Voters Telecommunications Watch (VTW)           | ECHO (
 Hotwired (
Center For Democracy And Technology  (CDT)      | Mindvox (
Center for Public Representation  (CPR)         | Panix (
Computer Professionals for                      | The WELL (
        Social Responsibility (CPSR)            | Wired (
Cyber-Rights Campaign                           +-------------------------
Electronic Fronter Foundation (EFF),
   and independent regional Electronic
   Frontier organizations
Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC)
 Feminists for Free Expression                  Hands! Off The Net
Internet Users Consortium (IUC)                 Joint Artists' and Music
The Libertarian Party (LP)                       Promotions Political Action
National Campaign for Freedom of Expression      Committee (JAMPAC)
National Coalition Against Censorship (NCAC)    National Gay and Lesbian
National Writers Union (NWU)                     Task Force (NGLTF)
People for the American Way (PFAW)              Republican Liberty Caucus
        End Alert

@_date: 1996-02-09 05:52:41
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Escrow Key Testimony: Witnesses Wanted 
The staff of the Commission on Protecting
 and Reducing Government Secrecy (primary sponsor
 is Senator Moynihan from New York) is looking for
 individuals able to provide authoritative testimony
 for or against the escrow key concept as it applies
 to the effectiveness of law enforcement.
        I suppose this is grand-son of Clipper, but
 it is a serious aspect of their over-all mandate, and
 probably a good idea to help them.
        I recommend direct contact to the deptuy
 staff director, Jacques Rondeau, whose email address
 is .

@_date: 1996-02-10 18:09:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: new zip cracking code 
Does anyone have any pointers to cryptanalysis papers on the Zip
encryption scheme (presented below)? I've seen a few MSDOS executeables
which used some sort of brute force attack, which didn't seem
particularly intelligent or effective for long passwords. If anyone has
some pointers, or source I'd be glad to hear of it. From what I can see
of Schlafly's algorithm a bute force attack could be speed up a great
deal by pre-compution and expansaion of elements of the first 3 or so
rounds at the very least.
Ideas anyone?
The encryption used in PKZIP was generously supplied by Roger
Schlafly.  PKWARE is grateful to Mr. Schlafly for his expert
help and advice in the field of data encryption.
PKZIP encrypts the compressed data stream.  Encrypted files must
be decrypted before they can be extracted.
Each encrypted file has an extra 12 bytes stored at the start of
the data area defining the encryption header for that file.  The
encryption header is originally set to random values, and then
itself encrypted, using 3, 32-bit keys.  The key values are initialized using the supplied encryption password.  After each byte
is encrypted, the keys are then updated using psuedo-random number
generation techniques in combination with the same CRC-32 algorithm used in PKZIP and described elsewhere in this document.
The following is the basic steps required to decrypt a file:
1) Initialize the three 32-bit keys with the password.
2) Read and decrypt the 12-byte encryption header, further
   initializing the encryption keys.
3) Read and decrypt the compressed data stream using the
   encryption keys.
Step 1 - Initializing the encryption keys
The compressed data stream can be decrypted as follows:
loop until done
    read a charcter into C
    Temp <- C ^ decrypt_byte()
    update_keys(temp)
    output Temp
end loop

@_date: 1996-02-11 08:04:05
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: A Rant about Senator James Exon 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Feb-96 A Rant about Senator James
.. by Timothy C. May at got.net In my protest against the Hon. Jim Exon, I went to his office this week
and dropped off a printout of indecent speech that I have on the Justice
on Campus Project:
   I told the bewildered receptionist that his boss was to blame for making
me a criminal.
I'm now a plaintiff in the ACLU/EFF lawsuit challenging the CDA, BTW.
Two articles on our lawsuit are at:

@_date: 1996-02-11 08:05:35
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [NOISY] Re: New Internet Privacy Provider - Press Release 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Feb-96 New Internet Privacy
Provid.. by Vincent Cate at offshore.co Thanks, but no thanks. I don't need a shell account at $1,200 a year.
PS: Spelling "identity" incorrectly in your press release posted here
and on your web site makes you look pretty silly.

@_date: 1996-02-11 20:28:05
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: A Rant about Senator James Exon 
Excerpts from mail: 11-Feb-96 Re: A Rant about Senator Ja.. by Ed
Carp at dal1820.computek I believe that ACLU/EFF/EPIC have found the necessary plaintiffs for the
court challenge, but they still may be interested in others. Send me
mail and I'll pass it along. (The original call for plaintiffs went out
last fall, and the lawsuit was filed last week.)
But generally, to be a plaintiff you have to have standing to sue. You
have to be specificially hurt or negatively affected by the law. The
plaintiffs include folks who run web sites, mailing lists, and offer
other public online resources that may happen to include indecent or
patently offensive speech.
Say, the hearing when we find out if we get an injunction preventing
enforcement of the CDA is going to be this Wednesday in Philadelphia.
Anyone else want to go?

@_date: 1996-02-13 01:12:58
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [NOISY] Re: New Internet Privacy Provider - Press Release 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 10-Feb-96 Re: [NOISY] Re: New
Interne.. by Vincent Cate at offshore.co Thanks, Vincent, for a well-reasoned reply.
While I'm not likely to sign up in the near future -- unless the
situation here worsens dramatically -- I wish you well with your
attempts to solicit businesses as customers. Good luck!

@_date: 1996-02-13 09:59:46
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorship and Snooping at Winthrop University 
Following are portions of a message I sent to Winthrop University
administrators. They're considering a heinous new policy that says:
"No information should be exchanged through E-mail that is not official University business.  No personal or confidential information should be exchanged and all communications are subject to periodic and/or random
audit by the Office of Information Technology to ensure compliance with
this policy."
---------- Forwarded message begins here ----------
        moressiw at winthrop.edu, jonesr at winthrop.edu, cormierp at winthrop.edu
        duboisp at winthrop.edu, margare946 at aol.com,
        fight-censorship+ at andrew.cmu.edu
February 12, 1996
Dear Winthrop University Administrators:
I was disturbed to read a recent Associated Press article reporting that
Winthrop University has censored the web pages of two of your students and
suspended the students from classes after one of them placed nude
photographs online. I was even more dimayed to read that your school's
proposed computing policy allows university officials to snoop through
your students' electronic mailboxes at will.
For shame! The American Library Association's draft policy recommendation
on electronic services and networks says, on student computer accounts:
    No user should be restricted or denied access for expressing or
    receiving constitutionally protected speech. No user's access
    should be changed without due process, including, but not limited
    to, notice and a means of appeal.
The American Association of University Professors endorsed this statement
on academic freedom, published in the July-August 1992 _Academe_, which
says in part:
    On a campus that is free and open, no idea can be banned or
    forbidden... Free speech is not simply an aspect of the educational
    enterprise to be weighed against other desirable ends. It is the very
    precondition of the academic enterprise itself.
Regarding your plans to look at student email, more information is
available at ftp://ftp.eff.org/pub/CAF/faq/email.privacy, which says:
    According to Mike Godwin, legal services counsel for the Electronic
    Frontier Foundation (EFF), the U.S.'s Electronic Communications
    Privacy Act (ECPA) could be reasonably construed to protect university
    email. This is also the reported opinion of the U. of Michigan's
    lawyers. Also, the U.S.'s Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
    gives students at all public and most private schools some privacy
    rights. According to the AAUP statement and according to the fundamental
principles of academic freedom, universities must protect controversial
speech on their campuses. If Winthrop University does not, it is violating
its historic commitments to free speech and turning its pledges to uphold
academic freedom and freedom of expression into broken promises. I've copied this message to the fight-censorship mailing list, which has
among its subscribers roughly 50 journalists interested in online
censorship issues, including writers from TIME, Newsweek, The New York
Times, The Washington Post, Internet World, WIRED, and many others. I
invite you to clarify your university's position and respond directly to
the mailing list. Cyberspace is developing quickly, and I feel confident
that Winthrop University would not want to be known as an online leader in
repression, censorship, and Orwellian thought-policing. I trust that a school such as Winthrop University, with such a
distinguished College of Education, will not neglect the fundamental
principles upon which your university was founded. I hope that you
understand that voiceless speech and inkless press must receive the same
protections as voiced speech and inked press. I urge you to reconsider your policies. I look forward to your reply. Very truly yours,
Declan McCullagh
PS: I'm attaching a file from Carl Kadie's Computers and Academic Freedom
archive, at  More information is also available at the Justice on Campus project, at

@_date: 1996-02-13 14:23:41
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Spin Control Alert (LI Newsday, 2/12/96) 
Exactly. Catharine MacKinnon, for instance, has called the EFF and other
Rimm-debunkers part of the "pro-pornography power block" which
represents the "howling fury of the pornographers protecting their
penises and their wallets."
The Family Research Council, which wrote today's Newsday today, has
launched similar attacks. The FRC is run by Gary Bauer, a former policy
assistant to Reagan and a former undersecretary at the Department of
Education. Now he heads the FRC, the DC-based lobbying extension of
James Dobson's "Focus on the Family." Dobson's history includes serving
on the Attorney General's Commission on Pornography (the Meese
Commission). Bauer also embraced Marty Rimm's cyberporn study as gospel,
calling the ACLU and EFF "porn industry apologists" who are "taking
cheap shots at this comprehensive study."
Thanks to Rob, the Newsday op-ed is at:
   Related articles about the FRC are at:
      ObCrypto: Yes, Know Your Enemies and work with the natural enemies of
the religious right, such as groups like the ACLU and the FEN. The
theocratic push to outlaw nonescrowed crypto is next.

@_date: 1996-02-14 16:57:14
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Spin Control Alert (LI Newsday, 2/12/96) 
Excerpts from mail: 13-Feb-96 Re: Spin Control Alert (LI .. by Sten
Drescher at grendel.te I do hope the religious right keeps fighting against GAK. However good
their intentions may be on *that* issue, it is transcendently obvious to
anyone who has been following the flux on Capitol Hill that they were
behind the recent push to regulate the Internet. (I assume your Bible
argument is just posturing. No U.S. Attorney, political appointees they,
ever will prosecute someone who puts the complete text of the King James
Bible online.)
So you are trivially correct in asserting that not everyone who
identifies as a member of the "religious right" supports all the actions
of their lobbyists in Washington. However, that does not change the fact
that conservative theocrats were the architects of the cyberporn scare
and the accompanying "indecency" legislation.
The selfsame theocrats, in fact, used Marty Rimm's cyberporn study and
the TIME cyberporn cover as a vehicle to promote their agenda. The very
conservative Sen. Chuck Grassley in July 1995 organized a hearing around
Rimm's study to justify his anti-smut legislation. "Not a study by an
advocacy group!" he crowed on the Senate floor.
Of course, he neglected to say that religious right lobbyists *helped
write* Rimm's study, and a member of his staff likely was involved.
Let's see who the players are, as identified by Mike Godwin:
 1) _The National Coalition for the Protection of Children and Families._
Formerly the National Coalition Against Pornography, this organization
renamed itself last year, perhaps in anticipation of its legislative
compaign against online "indecency" (a broader category than pornography).
 2) _The National Law Center for Children and Families._ This orgnization
was formerly headed by antiporn activist Cathy Cleaver -- it is now headed
by Bruce Taylor, formerly a prosecutor specializing in obscenity cases and
formerly the general counsel of a an antiporn group based in Phoenix,
Arizona, and founded under the name "Citizens for Decency through Law."
The organization was founded by Charles Keating, himself a veteran of the
Attorney General's Commission on Pornography (a.k.a. the Meese
 3) _Enough is Enough!_  Presenting itself as a secular effort, this
organization provides a platform for former party girl and ex-No
Excuses-jeans model Donna Rice-Hughes, who has leveraged her fame from the
Gary Hart candidacy into a career as an antiporn activist. (With almost
suspiciously frequent meetings with Bob Dole.)
Enough is Enough is headed by Dee Jepsen, who testified about the
dangers of online nastiness at Grassley's cyberporn hearing. Bob
Chatelle from the Boston Coalition for Freedom of Expression reports
that Jepsen is Chairman of the Board of Regents of Pat Roberson's Regent
University, is Cochair of Washington For Jesus, and has served on the
Steering Committee of the Coalition on Revival, closely linked with the
Christian Reconstructionist movement. Reconstructionists believe that
Christians should "take dominion" and establish Old Testament law. Many
Reconstructionists openly advocate death for homosexuals, preferably by
I'd be happy to expand on the links between the religious right and the
move to regulate the Net, but Mike Godwin has already done it quite
eloquently, at:
   Some additional background about Donna Rice's censorship efforts,
including recent media profiles of her:

@_date: 1996-02-15 10:26:07
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 13-Feb-96 Re: V-chips, CC, and
Motorc.. by Bill Frantz at netcom.com That may well be true, but speaking as someone who's worked on U.S.
Presidential campaigns, that kind of protection is expensive,
time-consuming, intrusive, and unlikely to be extended.

@_date: 1996-02-15 13:20:37
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: CyberAngels 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 13-Feb-96 Re: CyberAngels
I fear the so-called "CyberAngels" more than I do the Feds. At least
with their brand of jackboots, there can be accountability.
The CyberAngels are more like CyberCads, CyberFrauds, or CyberCriminals.

@_date: 1996-02-16 18:10:16
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Spin Control Alert (LI Newsday, 2/12/96) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 14-Feb-96 Re: Spin Control Alert (LI
.. by Sten Drescher at grendel.te Since you don't understand the way Federal criminal charges work,
there's no reason I should take your argument seriously. (Hint: The
*U.S. Attorney*, or an AUSA, files charges, not you, me, or a random
As for this mythical Bible being removed, that is irrelevant to this
discussion, which centers around a Bible being *prosecuted*. If I had a
Bible on my web site (perhaps the TCM Vernacular Translation!) I'd
remove it just to make a point. As I suspect the owner of the web pages
Many of us have engaged in lofty rhetoric saying what *could* be
prosecuted -- the Bible, and Catcher in the Rye, and other works of
Now that the law's passed, let's talk about what *will* be prosecuted.
It will be material that U.S. Attorneys think will get them a
conviction. NAMBLA materials, stories about pedophilia, paraphilia, and
bestiality, and images of hardcore porn -- preferably gay porn -- that
are available to minors.
This law is dangerous because it is so overbroad that prosecutions can
be made exceedingly selectively -- depending on what a US Atty thinks
will offend a jury composed of folks from his area of the country.

@_date: 1996-02-16 19:44:03
@_author: Zachary R Amsden 
@_subject: Patents and Trademarks invalid 
Here's an idea: whenever someone uploads something like the RC2 source code,
why not have everyone attach it to their .signature?  Is criminal justice
seriously going to pursue tracking down millions of people that did this?
Or would they pull the plug.
Food for thought
(please don't e-mail me about this - I have enough e-mail already.  Post

@_date: 1996-02-17 03:46:20
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Spin Control Alert (LI Newsday, 2/12/96) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 13-Feb-96 Re: Spin Control Alert (LI
.. by jamesd at echeque.com The religious right did not *support* the "push to regulate the
Internet" -- they drafted, defended, and pushed through the damn CDA!
Did you *read* the message I posted, with information about how the
religious right/anti-porn groups created and then worked to push this
legislation through Congress?
Did you *read* the files in my Rimm archive, detailing how an editor at
the Georgetown Law Journal worked to get Rimm's "research" approved for
publication? Did you know that he's a leading anti-porn activist?
Did you *read* Mike Godwin's collection of articles about how the
religious right organied the anti-porn scare?
Certainly the mass media were complicit, but they served a supporting role.

@_date: 1996-02-18 06:19:35
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Spin Control Alert (LI Newsday, 2/12/96) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 14-Feb-96 Re: Spin Control Alert (LI
.. by jamesd at echeque.com It wasn't one member of the religious right who supplied the legal
arguments to defend the CDA. Multiple religious righters were involved.
Try Deen Kaplan, John McMickle, and Bruce Taylor, for starters.
McMickle, a protege of Taylor's, *wrote* Sen. Chuck Grassley's
net.indecency legislation. McMickle is a longtime anti-porn activist and
worked in an office shared by the National Law Center, the National
Coalition Against Pornography, and Enough is Enough! McMickle now works
for Grassley.
Christian Wrong. You are confusing what Enough is Enough! *purports* to be with
what it really is. I have written in earlier messages how Dee Jepsen
(Donna Rice's boss at Enough is Enough!) is affiliated with Pat
Robertson and other right-wing religious fanatics. (Robertson, the
founder of the Christian Coalition, said in 1993 that separation of
church and state is "a lie of the left," and "there is no such thing in
the Constitution.")
As for Marty, he's *not* an anti-porn activist. He loves porn! He was
used by the anti-porn activists to promote their agenda, and he used
them to promote himself. (If you have *any* evidence that he's an
anti-porn activist himself, I need to see it ASAP. His study was
attached to the DoJ's reply brief in our CDA lawsuit.)
Wrong. Incredibly wrong. Do you *know* who Bill Arms is? Have you ever
spoken with him, met with him, or debated him? I have. Arms is a former
vice president for computing services at CMU and was in *no* way
involved with the "effort to regulate the net." At best, he was a fall
guy for the censorship attempts here at CMU. (He had already been forced
to resign.)
James, to say anything else is a fantasy. Please tell me how exactly
Arms was involved in this telecom legislation's "effort to regulate the
net." Documentation, please.
The media's gullibility allowed the religious right to promote their
agenda. Cyberporn scares play better than arguments about free speech.
Wrong. Kaplan was an editor at the Georgetown Law Journal and pushed
through the approval of Rimm's study, bypassing normal channels, which
prompted TIME to run the cover. Kaplan is a vice president at the
National Coalition for Children and Families (with McMickle and Taylor),
formerly called the National Coalition Against Pornography. Oh, and the
NCAP/NCCF folks wrote Rimm's footnotes for his study.
Wrong. Rimm's study had only minor connections with the left. Catharine
MacKinnon was the only substantial "left" contact Rimm had, and she has
spoken *against* the CDA! If you know more, please share it with us.
Wrong. The big muscle did come from the religious right, but it is *not*
in their interests to advertise it since it would invalidate Rimm's
study even more. (Grassley called Rimm's study, on the Senate floor, an
impartial one by a respected university, not by an advocacy group.)
Since Rimm's study still has legs, the religious right has kept their
mouths shut.
effort.  Thei
Wrong. James, I'm afraid you just don't know what you're talking about.
The religious right orchestrated and organized the effort. Check out:
     In that article, Mike writes that Bruce Taylor "continues to spearhead
the attempts to pressure Congress into censoring the Internet" and "in
the long run, one thing has become certain -- that the 'problem' of
pornography on the Net is essentially one that was constructed by Rimm
and the antiporn activists, differing in agendas but united in their
tactics." Mike also has an article in an upcoming Penthouse that will
reveal even more.
I've also written at length about the Rimm study at:

@_date: 1996-02-18 07:54:33
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Spin Control Alert (LI Newsday, 2/12/96) 
A lawsuit against the atheist would not be effective and could result in
a countersuit for abuse of process.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 15-Feb-96 Re: Spin Control Alert (LI
.. by "E. ALLEN SMITH" (under things

@_date: 1996-02-20 03:07:43
@_author: eli+@GS160.SP.CS.CMU.EDU 
@_subject: True random numbers 
Persi Diaconis gave a talk here last week on pseudorandom generation,
during which he was asked by people didn't use hardware RNGs.  He said
that he wasn't aware of any that passed the standard battery of
statistical tests.
(He also mentioned that nobody had thoroughly tested the
complexity-theoretic generators such as Blum-Micali, and got into a
rather vigorous discussion with a professor who argued that testing
was superfluous.  Diaconis: "You theorists always take that tone!")

@_date: 1996-02-28 03:29:17
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA Strikes. 
This article is incorrect in at least two ways.
First, last week the U.S. Government signed a legally binding contract
saying they won't prosecute anyone under the CDA until the hearings are
over. This relates to both the indeceny or "patently offensive"
provisions -- *and* the DoJ has said they won't even *initiate*
Second, *if* the law is upheld, the DoJ's first, and second, and third,
choices of plaintiffs will be unpopular figures that will play well on
the evening news. The U.S. understands the value of divide-and-conquer.
At the same time, a court challenge will be easier if someone is
actually prosecuted...
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 26-Feb-96 CDA Strikes. by Ludwig von
D. III at servid marked the twice befo
will be som
that didn
their post

@_date: 1996-01-04 09:38:20
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: US calls for measures against Internet porn 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 2-Jan-96 Re: US calls for measures
a.. by sameer at c2.org This apparently is becoming a common tactic among would-be censors. One
example involving a web site and complainants from Carnegie Mellon
University and the University of Pittsburgh is at:
    And more on Compuserve... Excepts from today's Washington Post:
   BERLIN, Jan. 2 -- German authorities say the CompuServe on-line
   service decided on its own which sexually explicit Internet forums to
   ban its 4 million customers from viewing.
   In addition, prosecutors reiterated today that they never explicitly
   threatened CompuServe Inc. with criminal charges.
   The statements appear to conflict with CompuServe's explanation last
   Thursday of why it blocked access to 200 newsgroups. But a CompuServe
   spokeswoman repeated the company's initial explanation today, saying
   German authorities specified which newsgroups should be banned...
   Munich senior public prosecutor Manfred Wick said today that his
   office did not provide CompuServe any such list as part of its
   investigation of child pornography on the Internet. "We did not make
   any stipulations. It was the decision of CompuServe alone," he said.

@_date: 1996-01-05 04:26:07
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: AP: Compuserve Will Lift Newsgroup Ban 
Compuserve's original statement from last week is at:
    Attached are excerpts from today's AP article.
---------- Forwarded message begins here ----------
Columbus, Ohio (AP) -- The on-line service CompuServe says it hopes to
reopen access to 200 sexually oriented Internet forums to all but its
German customers by the end of the month...
company is working on a software fix that will prevent Germans from
accessing the newsgroups while allowing access to customers in the rest
of the world...
 	Munich's senior public prosecutor, Manfred Wick, said this week his
office did not order a ban or provide CompuServe with any list as part
of its investigation of child pornography. But he acknowledged that
police asked CompuServe to scrutinize a list last month. `The decision
on whether and to what extent the groups on the list would be blocked
was left to CompuServe,'' Wick's statement said.

@_date: 1996-01-09 22:50:52
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: S.652 (H.R. 1555) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 8-Jan-96 S.652 (H.R. 1555) by Harry
Bartholomew at netcom I'm not a lawyerly type by any means, but my understanding is that it's
getting worse:
* The provision prohibiting the FCC from regulating the Net has been removed.
* The max fine for "indecent" speech is now $250,000.
The budget crisis stalled work on the legislation, and many
congressperns are out of town. But the Senate wants the bill to pass in
its current form, as does the White House -- Gore called it "an early
Christmas present to the American people."
The only opposition is from the House freshman Republicans, who are
criticizing the bill on other grounds. Since they don't want to be seen
as "porn-sympathetic," my guess is that the indecency provisions will
stay in. And the bill should become law within the next month.

@_date: 1996-01-10 00:52:54
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: S.652 (H.R. 1555) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Jan-96 Re: S.652 (H.R. 1555) by
Don Gaffney at emba.uvm.edu Fortunately, that's not true. Now, I'm anything but a lawyer, so I
welcome corrections. My understanding is:
* INDECENCY is illegal to *broadcast* under Federal law, as enforced by
the FCC. Examples of indecent words include "fuck" and "cocksucker,"
which the Supreme Court has defined as illegal in the George Carlin
speech, Pacifica case. The justification for a compelling government
interest is that radio waves are pervasive, and a child can turn on the
radio and hear dirty words by accident. The great free speech attorney
Harvey Silverglate has been representing Alan Ginsberg in an "indecency"
case, since "Howl" contains "indecent" words -- I believe he managed to
get the FCC to include an exemption for material broadcast after
* OBSCENITY is illegal to *distribute* under state laws, which usually
incorporate the Miller test. That is, material which has no redeeming
artistic, scientific, educational, or political value is obscene. (There
are some excemptions, including university libraries. The ACLU has
argued that in that context, Usenet can be considered a library.) In
practice, text is not obscene; only bestiality and heavy BDSM pix are.
If you're running a public web site or anon FTP site, how do you do
that? And should you have to?
Anyway, the current telecom bill language continues to include the
"indecency" language. Since there are no post-midnight exemptions, it
means the Internet would be the most regulated communications medium in
the United States. What does that mean? When this becomes law, you'll be hit with fines of
$250,000 and prison terms of two years if you post the word "fuck" in a
Usenet newsgroup or on a web page where a minor can read it.
Fuck that.

@_date: 1996-01-12 17:47:06
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: US DoJ Zimmermann Press Release 
[begin]
 [logo]                                        United States Attorney
                                      Northern District of California
 _____________________________________________________________________________
                         San Jose Office                   (408) 535-5061
                         280 South First Street, Suite 371
                         San Jose, California 95113       FAX: (408) 535-5066
                             PRESS RELEASE
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 January 11, 1995
        Michael J. Yamaguchi, United States Attorney for the
 Norther District of California, announced today that his office
 has declined prosectution of any individuals in connection with  the posting to USENET in June 1991 of the encryption program
 known as "Pretty Good Privacy."  The investigation has been  closed.  No further comment will be made by the U.S. Attorney's  office on the reasons for declination.
        Assistant U.S. Attorney William P. Keane of the U.S.
 Attorney's Office in San Jose at (408) 535-5053 oversaw the  government's investigation of the case.
 [end]

@_date: 1996-01-13 00:32:31
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 12-Jan-96 Re: Zimmermann case is
drop.. by John Young at pipeline.com And in today's Washington Post, in an article by Elizabeth Corcoran:
   William P. Keane, assistant U.S. attorney in San Jose, declined to
   explain why the government closed its investigation of Zimmermann,
   citing the Justice Department's policy of not commenting on reasons
   for dropping a case.
   There is "no change in law, no change in [encryption] policy," he
   said. "If you're planning on making encryption available over the
   Internet . . . or other means, better check with the State Department
   first."

@_date: 1996-01-13 00:49:43
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Mitnick: Markoff responds to Platt's CuD "Takedown" critique 
Topic 1119 [media]:  Media Appearances of WELLperns VI, S.F.Bay Area Division
 of 296: john markoff (johnm)      Wed Dec 20 '95 (14:49)   557 lines
 Charles is certainly entitled to his opinion about our book, but I thought I
 would take this opportunity to correct his inaccuracies.
        REVIEW OF TAKEDOWN ON THE COMPUTER UNDERGROUND DIGEST
        The Mad-Scientist Myth Figure
        A circumlocuitous review of_Takedown_ by Tsutomu Shimomura and John
 Markoff
        (Hyperion, $24.95)
        by Charles Platt
  >           Perhaps it seems strange that a journalist should defend
        herself by pleading ignorance of the subject that she chose
        to write about. Still, we should give Katie Hafner credit
        where it is due: she now seems genuinely repentant.
        Just for the record, Katie says that her remarks were taken out of
 context here by Charles. For her actual views you might want to look at her
 Esquire article on the subject, which is reprinted in a new paperback
 version of Cyberpunk.
    >         The same can hardly be said for her ex-husband and ex-
        collaborator John Markoff, who must have made well over half
        a millions dollars by now, portraying Kevin Mitnick as an
        arch-enemy of techno-society. If Markoff regrets the
        "darkside hacker" label, he hasn't said much about it.
                            *         *         *
    >         Unlike many hackers, Kevin Mitnick never looked for
        publicity. He felt he should be paid for giving interviews,
        and when Hafner and Markoff refused to come up with any
        money, he refused to talk to them. He became famous--or
        infamous--while doing his best to remain obscure.
     The darkside hacker label was created during the late 1980s by the
 Southern California press. It is a label that I noted, but I didn't create.
 However, he's right I don't regret using it. And also for the record, Kevin
 Mitnick used to drive around in Las Vegas with a stack of copies of
 Cyberpunk in the trunk of his car to give away to admirers. He is on record
 as saying the book is "20 percent inaccurate."
   >          The key event that catalyzed this strange ascent to
        notoriety occurred on July 4th, 1994, when a story by John
        Markoff appeared on the front page of _The New York Times._
        Headlined "Cyberspace's Most Wanted: Hacker Eludes F.B.I.
        Pursuit," the text described Mitnick as "one of the nation's
        most wanted computer criminals" and was accompanied with a
        suitably menacing mug shot. The story was liberally spiced
        with tidbits recycled from _Cyberpunk,_ but if you looked
        more closely, there wasn't any actual news. Mitnick had
        violated parole a year or so previously, had disappeared at
        that time, and hadn't been seen since. That was all.
        This is really inaccurate. Kevin Mitnick had become notorious
 nationally in the late 1980s as a result of his being arrested for attacks
 on Digital Equipment Computers. A menacing mug shot? It was the only photo
 available. No actual news? Not the way I remember it. The news was that he
 was being pursued by the FBI (three agents full time), the California DMV,
 US Marshalls, telco security, local police, etc. The further news was that
 the FBI had told cellular telephone companies that they believed the
 fugitive had stolen software from at least six cellular phone manufacturers.
 I thought then, and still think, this merited a story. I also think the
 story was a good yarn. Mitnick had succeeded in evading law enforcement for
 more than a year - again.
             Why was this on the front page of a highly respected
        newspaper? Maybe because of the scary implications: that a
        weirdo who could paralyze vast computer networks was on the
        loose, and law enforcement had been too stupid to catch him.
             In reality, though, Mitnick has never been accused of
        willfully damaging any hardware or data, and has never been
        Wrong again. He was accused of doing more than $100,000 damage at US
 Leasing, a SF time sharing company in 1980. Their system was trashed by a
 group that Mitnick was a member of. After that, at various other times he
 cost companies tens of thousands of dollars trying to close the door on his
 attacks. A further point is that I have no control over placement of my
 stories in the paper.
             In _Cyberpunk,_ he was described as an omnipotent,
        obsessive-compulsive, egotistical, vindictive sociopath who
        used his computer to take revenge on the world that had
        spurned him. He later claimed (in _2600_ magazine) that this
     This is a totally misreading of Cyberpunk. I invite anyone to read that
 section of the book and see if that is the way he was portrayed.
        was "twenty percent fabricated and libelous." Maybe so, but
        I guess Kevin acknowledged 80 percent of what we wrote as accurate...
 8)
                 So far as I can discover, the FBI didn't classify
        Mitnick as one of America's most wanted; it was John Markoff
        who chose to apply that label. Markoff went far beyond the
        traditional function of a journalist who merely reports news;
        he helped to create a character, and the character himself
        became the news.
        Sorry, but I didn't create the character, Kevin did. He has now been
 arrested six times in fifteen years. Each time, except for this last time,
 he was given a second chance to get his act together. He chose not too. It
 seems to me that he is an adult and makes choices. He chose to keep breaking
 in to computers. He knew what the penalty was. So what's the problem?
             Unfortunately for Mitnick, this made him the target of a
        hacker witch hunt. A few years ago, here in CuD, Jim Thomas
        A witch hunt? Give me a break. It was an article describing a law
 enforcement hunt for a fugitive, who had been arrested five times
 previously, convicted at least three times, and was known to be attacking
 the computers of the nation's cellular telephone companies.
                            *         *         *
        This information probably wasn't worth much; Markoff told the
        feds that Mitnick could probably be found stuffing himself
        with junk food at the nearest Fatburger, whereas in fact
        Mitnick was working out regularly, had slimmed down to normal
        weight, and had become a vegetarian.
        Oh please. I was called by Kent Walker, the AUSA on the case during a
 meeting at the Well. He asked me if I thought Mitnick was dangerous. I
 responded that everything I knew about Mitnick had either been in Cyberpunk
 or my July 4 1994 article, ie. in the public. I repeated the story of one
 arrest in which Kevin ended up handcuffed in tears over the hood of the
 detective's car. I gave no other information, nor got any.
             John Markoff's precise motives remain a mystery. We can,
        however, learn something by examining his writing. In his
        _Times_ article describing Mitnick's capture, he stated that
        the hacker had been on a "long crime spree" during which he
        had managed to "vandalize government, corporate and
        university computer systems."
             These are interesting phrases. "Crime spree" suggests a
        wild cross-country caper involving robberies and maybe even a
        shoot-out. In reality, Mitnick seems to have spent most of
        his time hiding in an apartment, typing on a keyboard. The
        word "vandalize" implies that he wantonly wrecked some
        property; in reality, Mitnick caused no intentional damage to
        anyone or anything.
        This is just not true. Kevin Mitnick was actively sharing system
 vulnerabilities with other people on the net. That is about the most
 damaging thing that could be done to the Internet community.
             When it came down to it, Markoff's journalism was long
        on opinion and short on facts.
        Sort of like this review, I guess.....  8)
                            *         *         *
             I have a fantasy. In my fantasy, John Markoff bursts
        into a room where Tsutomu Shimomura sits as solemn as a zen
        master, peering impassively at a computer screen while he
        types a Perl script. "Tsutomu, I have good news and bad
        news!" Markoff exclaims. "The good news is, we sold the book
        rights for three-quarters of a million. The bad news is, I
        haven't got a clue what Mitnick was doing for the past two
        years. What the hell are we going to write about?"
             Shimomura doesn't even bother to look up. He gives a
        barely perceptible shrug and says, "Me, of course."
        This is weird...
             Mitnick grew up in a lower-class single-parent household
        and taught himself almost everything he knew about computers.
        Nice try. Kevin took lots of computer classes at various schools.
                            *         *         *
             Presumably because Markoff felt that some romantic
        interest would help to sell the story, this book contains
        revelations of a type normally reserved for Hollywood
        celebrities or British royalty. While he was pursuing
        Mitnick, Shimomura was also pursuing "Julia," the long-term
        girlfriend of John Gilmore, one of the first employees at Sun
        Microsystems in 1982 who subsequently co-founded the software
        corporation Cygnus.
   The reason we described what happened at Toad Hall on Xmas was that the
 attacks first came from toad.com while Tsutomu and Julia were there. If we
 hadn't have been complete in our description someone would have charged us
 with a cover up. Please remember that David Bank, a San Jose Mercury
 reporter, spent several weeks pursuing the hypothesis that Tsutomu had
 attack his own computers.
             Kevin Mitnick begins to seem likable by comparison. At
        least he shows some irreverence, taunting Shimomura and
        trying to puncture his pomposity. At one point, Mitnick
        bundles up all the data he copied from Shimomura's computer
        and saves it onto the system at Netcom where he knows that
        Shimomura will find it. He names the file "japboy." At
        Yea, That Kevin is a real likeable guy.
        another point, in a private online communication (intercepted
        by Shimomura without any lawful authorization) Mitnick
        Wrong. At the Well, Netcom and in Raleigh, Tsutomu, at all times was
 operating under the exemptions granted Internet Service Providers by the
 ECPA.
             Well, maybe so, but unlike Shimomura, Mitnick never
        claimed to be heroic. Nor did he cause any intentional
        "damage." Nor did he "attack," "pilfer," and "vandalize"
        computer systems, even though these words are used repeatedly
        throughout the book--in the same pejorative style that John
        Markoff previously perfected in _The New York Times._
        Perjorative?? Yikes! I mean we could go to the dictionary.....
                            *         *         *
             All the charges except one have been dropped against
        Kevin Mitnick. He may even be out of jail in time for the
        Markoff/Shimomura book tour. In other words, the man
        Wrong. Kevin Mitnick is in jail in Los Angeles facing charges from
 more than six United States Federal Districts. He may go on trial or he may
 plea bargain.
        described in advance publicity for _Takedown_ as a threat to
        global civilization will befree to go about his business--
        because, in the end, he wasn't much of a threat at all.
             Will this create an embarrassing schism between
        _Takedown_ and reality? Probably not. Reality has been at
        odds with the Mitnick myth for quite a while, but the myth is
        stronger than ever.
        Myth and reality? I have been writing about Kevin Mitnick for a long
 time, since 1981 to be precise, but I didn't create a myth, he created his
 own story.

@_date: 1996-01-13 00:56:02
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Mitnick #4: Platt's final response to Markoff 
Topic 1119 [media]:  Media Appearances of WELLperns VI, S.F.Bay Area Division
 of 296: Aaron L Dickey (kieran)      Wed Jan  3 '96 (20:19)     7 lines
 Charles Platt responds:
 "John Markoff's reply to my replies is much more factual and convincing
 than his original response to my review of his book. I thank him for his
 time and trouble. I still find it hard to agree with his overall
 perspective, but I am now convinced that he does have a sincere point of
 view, and I value the instances where he has corrected me on details."
Topic 1119 [media]:  Media Appearances of WELLperns VI, S.F.Bay Area Division
 of 296: Declan McCullagh (declan)      Thu Jan  4 '96 (07:33)    23 lines
 And one final response from Charles Platt:
 "Someone suggested that by criticizing TAKEDOWN I attempted to further my
 own career.
 "My primary career has nothing to do with computer journalism. Under a
 different name I write a series of prehistory novels, the first of which
 now has 200,000 copies in print. This is my main source of income; I
 pursue computer journalism as a sideline, because it pleases me.
 "I do have a computer-related book coming out under my own name later this
 year, but it was written more for pleasure than profit and is aimed at a
 small audience: people who are more concerned about really dangerous
 criminals such as James Exon or Ralph Reed than about hackers such as
 Kevin Mitnick. Frankly, this book will not sell a lot of copies no matter
 what I do, because decency legislation and first-amendment issues are a
 noncommercial topic compared with so-called computer crime.
 "Bearing all this in mind, it is misleading to suggest that I wrote my
 review for motives of self-promotion. I wrote it because I had just
 finished reading TAKEDOWN, it had irritated me greatly, and I believed
 (perhaps wrongly) that I possessed background information that might not
 be mentioned by other reviewers elsewhere."

@_date: 1996-01-13 00:59:08
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Mitnick #2: Platt responds to Markoff's rebuttal 
Topic 1119 [media]:  Media Appearances of WELLperns VI, S.F.Bay Area Division
 of 296: Declan McCullagh (declan)      Tue Jan  2 '96 (09:38)   212 lines
 From cp at panix.com Tue Jan  2 09:26:11 1996
 Date: Tue, 2 Jan 1996 03:11:10 -0500 (EST)
 From: cp at panix.com (Charles Platt)
 To: Declan McCullagh
 Cc: Charles Platt  Subject: John Markoff's "rebuttal"
 In Computer Underground Digest I wrote a critical review of the recent
 book _Takedown_ by Shimomura and Markoff, in which I suggested that John
 Markoff had profited handsomely by mythologizing Kevin Mitnick as one of
 "America's most wanted computer criminals."
 My review was copied to The Well, where JM wrote a rebuttal. I am amused
 to fiund that this rebuttal not only fails to answer my rather serious
 allegations, but commits exactly the same journalistic sins of vagueness
 and hyperbole that I complained about originally.  "Just for the record, Katie [Hafner] says that her remarks      were taken out of context here by Charles."
 This statement is perhaps intentionally vague, because if I don't know
 exactly what I'm being accused of, I can't answer it. *What,* precisely,
 was taken out of context? JM doesn't say. All I know is that when Katie
 Hafner contacted me directly, she complained that she never branded Kevin
 Mitnick a "darkside hacker" in the book _Cyberpunk;_ she merely used the
 phrase as the title of the first section of the book. But in fact, the
 "darkside hacker" term *is* applied to Mitnick within the text of the
 book; and in any case, a section heading obviously sets the tone for
 everything that follows. Therefore, I do not believe that I quoted Katie
 Hafner out of context--unless JM is talking about something else entirely,
 in which case he should say so, instead of attempting to devalue my review
 by a generalized accusation.      JM Writes: "The darkside hacker label was created during the late
     1980s by the Southern California press. It is a label that I noted,
     but I didn't create. However, he's right I don't regret using it. And
     also for the record, Kevin Mitnick used to drive around in Las Vegas
     with a stack of copies of Cyberpunk in the trunk of his car to give
     away to admirers.  He is on record as saying the book is '20 percent
     inaccurate.'"  JM is confusing the issue. I never suggested he invented the "darkside
 hacker" term. This is totally irrelevant. I said, very specifically, that
 he was the first to *apply* this label to Mitnick. JM does not actually  deny this, and I believe it is true.
     Re my description of his initial article about Mitnick for the NY
 "This is really inaccurate. Kevin Mitnick had become
     notorious nationally in the late 1980s as a result of his being
     arrested for attacks on Digital Equipment Computers. A menacing mug
     shot? It was the only photo available. No actual news? Not the way I
     remember it. The news was that he was being pursued by the FBI (three
     agents full time), the California DMV, US Marshalls, telco security,
     local police, etc. The further news was that the FBI had told cellular
     telephone companies that they believed the fugitive had stolen
     software from at least six cellular phone manufacturers. I thought
     then, and still think, this merited a story. I also think the story
     was a good yarn. Mitnick had succeeded in evading law enforcement for
     more than a year - again."  "Notorious" in what sense? This is another of those vague terms that JM
 throws around without limiting or defining it. Mitnick may have been
 "notorious" in hacker circles, but not in the eyes of the general public.
 My point was, and is, that JM converted Mitnick from a relatively obscure
 hacker into a public figure. JM tries to evade this point but cannot
 specifically deny it. As for Mitnick being "actively pursued," I believe
 this is a vast overstatement. As I understand it, law enforcement had
 largely lost interest until JM's news item embarrassed them. Even after
 that, according to JM's own book _Takedown,_ law enforcement had to be
 prodded into taking action. They seemed not to share JM's perception of  Mitnick as a severe threat. They certainly didn't characterize him as one  of "America's most wanted."
     In response to my statement that Kevin Mitnick has never been accused
 "Wrong again. He was
     accused of doing more than $100,000 damage at US Leasing, a SF time
     sharing company in 1980. Their system was trashed by a group that
     Mitnick was a member of. After that, at various other times he cost
     companies tens of thousands of dollars trying to close the door on his
     attacks. A further point is that I have no control over placement of
     my stories in the paper."  With all due respect, this is not fair or accurate journalism. Was Mitnick
 *active* in the group that caused the alleged damage? Did he play a
 personal role? Does JM know? If not, he's just slinging mud. This is a
 smear and should not be presented as if it is a fact. On the other hand,
 if there is evidence that Mitnick was indeed actively responsible, I will
 gladly admit that I didn't know of this.
 As for the money that companies spent fixing the security weaknesses that  allowed Mitnick to gain access, it is grossly unfair and misleading for  JM to throw this into a paragraph discussing "intentional damage." This  is exactly the kind of deliberate blurring of different kinds of computer  misuse that I complained about in my review.
  "Sorry, but I
     didn't create the character, Kevin did. He has now been arrested six
     times in fifteen years. Each time, except for this last time, he was
     given a second chance to get his act together. He chose not too. It
     seems to me that he is an adult and makes choices. He chose to keep
     breaking in to computers. He knew what the penalty was. So what's the
     problem?"  Here again, JM avoids my direct point--that he was the first to categorize  Mitnick as "one of America's most wanted."
 Of course Mitnick is responsible for his actions. I never disputed this,
 and never suggested he was innocent of the crimes for which he was
 convicted. I merely suggested that the crimes were relatively trivial and
 were exaggerated out of all proportion by JM's extravagant prose.
 Exaggeration, imprecision, and innuendo: *that's* the problem, JM.  "A witch hunt? Give me a break. It was an article
     describing a law enforcement hunt for a fugitive, who had been
     arrested five times previously, convicted at least three times, and
     was known to be attacking the computers of the nation's cellular
     telephone companies."  My review complained that JM throws around words such as "attack" without
 ever defining them in computer terms. He's still doing it here in his
 rebuttal. Kevin Mitnick never attacked any computer, by my understanding
 of the word.  "I was called by Kent      Walker, the AUSA on the case during a meeting at the Well. He asked me
     if I thought Mitnick was dangerous. I responded that everything I knew
     about Mitnick had either been in Cyberpunk or my July 4 1994 article,
     ie. in the public. I repeated the story of one arrest in which Kevin      ended up handcuffed in tears over the hood of the detective's car. I
     gave no other information, nor got any."  Since we will never know the extent to which JM tried to help the FBI, I  guess we'll just have to take his word for this.
 "This is just not true. Kevin
     Mitnick was actively sharing system vulnerabilities with other people
     on the net. That is about the most damaging thing that could be done
     to the Internet community."  Is JM aware that some highly respected security experts believe that
 sharing news of vulnerabilities is the best way to encourage better
 security?  True, this is a controversial subject; but certainly the
 sharing of vulnerabilities is NOT "the most damaging thing that could be
 done to the Internet community." That's just another of those wildly
 exaggerated phrases that JM throws out for emotional effect. I can think
 of many politicians--and even a few journalists--who pose a far greater
 danger to the future of the net than Kevin Mitnick ever did.
 "The reason we described
     what happened at Toad Hall on Xmas was that the attacks first came
     from toad.com while Tsutomu and Julia were there. If we hadn't have
     been complete in our description someone would have charged us with a
     cover up. Please remember that David Bank, a San Jose Mercury
     reporter, spent several weeks pursuing the hypothesis that Tsutomu had
     attack his own computers."  Uh-huh. And I suppose the rest of the sordid, relentlessly personal thread
 in _Takedown,_ describing every little nuance of Shimomura's campaign to
 steal someone's long-term girlfriend, was merely included so that no one
 could complain that the account was incomplete? Really!      In my review, I complained about pejorative terms (such as "attack")
     that JM uses repeatedly. His response: "Perjorative?? Yikes! I mean we
     could go to the dictionary....."  Well, I guess JM *should* go to the dictionary. If he does, he will find
 that pejorative is a perfectly good word which I spelled correctly. It's
 ironic that he seems unaware of it, since it so aptly describes his
 own journalistic technique.      Re my assertion that all charges but one against Mitnick have been
     dropped, JM replies: "Wrong. Kevin Mitnick is in jail in Los Angeles
     facing charges from more than six United States Federal Districts. He
     may go on trial or he may plea bargain."  I tried to contact Mitnick's attorney before I wrote my review. He did  not return my calls. I based my statement on information from three other  sources. If it's incorrect, obviously I stand corrected. As I understand  it, though, those charges from other federal districts may not have been  actually filed. Is "facing charges" another of those slightly misleading  terms that makes the situation sound worse than it really is? Are the  charges actual, or potential?
 "Myth and reality? I have been writing about Kevin
     Mitnick for a long time, since 1981 to be precise, but I didn't create
     a myth, he created his own story."  In his own rebuttal, JM has already referred to the Mitnick story as a
 "good yarn." A yarn, of course, is a richly embroidered, sometimes
 fictionalized version of the truth. This is precisely what I believe he
 concocted, and it isn't my idea of decent journalism.
 ----
 Lastly, a question which occurred to me after I wrote my original review.
 Around the same time that Kevin Mitnick broke into Tsutomo Shimomura's
 computer, he also broke into the system of Dan Farmer, another extremely
 well known security expert. What did Farmer do? He didn't get
 self-righteous about the "invasion of privacy." He didn't start ranting
 about the "extreme danger" posed by Mitnick. He certainly didn't take
 several weeks from his normal schedule and pursue a personal vendetta. Nor
 did he coauthor a book portraying Mitnick as a danger to the net. He  presumably fixed the flaw that had allowed Mitnick to get in, and went on  with his life.
 Would JM like to explain how Dan Farmer's perception of "the Mitnick
 threat" can be so different from Shimomura's? To the outside observer, it
 almost looks as if there wasn't a significant security threat, and
 Shimomura must have been motivated by wounded vanity, while John Markoff
 was motivated by his desire to tell a "good yarn" and make a lot of money.
 Am I wrong?

@_date: 1996-01-13 03:01:45
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Mitnick #3: Markoff responds again to Platt 
Topic 1119 [media]:  Media Appearances of WELLperns VI, S.F.Bay Area Division
 of 296: john markoff (johnm)      Wed Jan  3 '96 (16:58)   256 lines
 My response to Charles Platt's rebuttal.....
      JM Writes: "The darkside hacker label was created during the late
      1980s by the Southern California press. It is a label that I noted,
      but I didn't create. However, he's right I don't regret using it. And
      also for the record, Kevin Mitnick used to drive around in Las Vegas
      with a stack of copies of Cyberpunk in the trunk of his car to give
      away to admirers.  He is on record as saying the book is '20 percent
      inaccurate.'"
  >JM is confusing the issue. I never suggested he invented the "darkside
  >hacker" term. This is totally irrelevant. I said, very specifically, that
  >he was the first to *apply* this label to Mitnick. JM does not actually
  >deny this, and I believe it is true.
 Sorry, you're wrong. The "darkside hacker" label was used in the headlines
 of Southern California press coverage of Mitnick in 1987-8, in particular by
 John Johnson, an LA Times metro reporter. I was not the first one to use the
 term with respect to Mitnick.
      Re my description of his initial article about Mitnick for the NY
 "This is really inaccurate. Kevin Mitnick had become
      notorious nationally in the late 1980s as a result of his being
      arrested for attacks on Digital Equipment Computers. A menacing mug
      shot? It was the only photo available. No actual news? Not the way I
      remember it. The news was that he was being pursued by the FBI (three
      agents full time), the California DMV, US Marshalls, telco security,
      local police, etc. The further news was that the FBI had told cellular
      telephone companies that they believed the fugitive had stolen
      software from at least six cellular phone manufacturers. I thought
      then, and still think, this merited a story. I also think the story
      was a good yarn. Mitnick had succeeded in evading law enforcement for
      more than a year - again."
  >"Notorious" in what sense? This is another of those vague terms that JM
  >throws around without limiting or defining it. Mitnick may have been
  >"notorious" in hacker circles, but not in the eyes of the general public.
  >My point was, and is, that JM converted Mitnick from a relatively obscure
  >hacker into a public figure. JM tries to evade this point but cannot
  >specifically deny it. As for Mitnick being "actively pursued," I believe
  >this is a vast overstatement. As I understand it, law enforcement had
  >largely lost interest until JM's news item embarrassed them. Even after
  >that, according to JM's own book _Takedown,_ law enforcement had to be
  >prodded into taking action. They seemed not to share JM's perception of
  >Mitnick as a severe threat. They certainly didn't characterize him as one
  >of "America's most wanted."
  Since when is "notorious" a vague term? The dictionary def. of notorious is
 "generally known and talked of." Kevin Mitnick had national press attention
 in at least two cases (Los Angeles 1981 and Los Angeles 1987) and there were
 a number of articles in the Los Angeles Times, which the last time I checked
 was not a hacker quarterly, before Katie and I wrote about him in Cyberpunk.
 He was notorious.
 Charles is just plain wrong about the issue of pursuit: There was a US
 Marshalls search for him for a parole violation, a team of FBI agents in LA
 was detailed to finding Mitnick, telecommunications companies in Seattle and
 Southern California were pursuing him, California DMV had a special
 investigator looking for him. I could go on....Law enforcement did not have
 to be prodded into action. The first thing Tsutomu did when he was invited
 to the Well was meet with a US attorney and FBI agents who had an open case.
      In response to my statement that Kevin Mitnick has never been accused
 "Wrong again. He was
      accused of doing more than $100,000 damage at US Leasing, a SF time
      sharing company in 1980. Their system was trashed by a group that
      Mitnick was a member of. After that, at various other times he cost
      companies tens of thousands of dollars trying to close the door on his
      attacks.
  >With all due respect, this is not fair or accurate journalism. Was Mitnick
  >*active* in the group that caused the alleged damage? Did he play a
  >personal role? Does JM know? If not, he's just slinging mud. This is a
  >smear and should not be presented as if it is a fact. On the other hand,
  >if there is evidence that Mitnick was indeed actively responsible, I will
  >gladly admit that I didn't know of this.
  Kevin was convicted in this case in the Spring of 1982. He spent 90 days in
 juvenile detention, he was given a year's probation.
  >As for the money that companies spent fixing the security weaknesses that
  >allowed Mitnick to gain access, it is grossly unfair and misleading for
  >JM to throw this into a paragraph discussing "intentional damage." This
  >is exactly the kind of deliberate blurring of different kinds of computer
  >misuse that I complained about in my review.
  I'm afraid that Charles has confused me here. I simply gave an example
 where intentional damage was done for which Kevin was convicted. I didn't
 say that he always damaged machines, I simply object to the portrayal of him
 as an innocent
  "Sorry, but I
      didn't create the character, Kevin did. He has now been arrested six
      times in fifteen years. Each time, except for this last time, he was
      given a second chance to get his act together. He chose not too. It
      seems to me that he is an adult and makes choices. He chose to keep
      breaking in to computers. He knew what the penalty was. So what's the
      problem?"
  >Of course Mitnick is responsible for his actions. I never disputed this,
  >and never suggested he was innocent of the crimes for which he was
  >convicted. I merely suggested that the crimes were relatively trivial and
  >were exaggerated out of all proportion by JM's extravagant prose.
  >Exaggeration, imprecision, and innuendo: *that's* the problem, JM.
 In a passage above Charles accuses me of being vague, now he says that
 exaggeration, imprecision and innuendo are the problem. Boy, talk about
 being vague. But I guess we've descended to the nyah, nyah level....  8)
 "A witch hunt? Give me a break. It was an article
      describing a law enforcement hunt for a fugitive, who had been
      arrested five times previously, convicted at least three times, and
      was known to be attacking the computers of the nation's cellular
      telephone companies."
  >My review complained that JM throws around words such as "attack" without
  >ever defining them in computer terms. He's still doing it here in his
  >rebuttal. Kevin Mitnick never attacked any computer, by my understanding
  >of the word.
  Mitnick was persistent and frequently arrogant in his break-ins into dozens
 of different computers. Attack is not an exaggeration.
 "This is just not true. Kevin
      Mitnick was actively sharing system vulnerabilities with other people
      on the net. That is about the most damaging thing that could be done
      to the Internet community."
  >Is JM aware that some highly respected security experts believe that
  >sharing news of vulnerabilities is the best way to encourage better
  >security?  True, this is a controversial subject; but certainly the
  >sharing of vulnerabilities is NOT "the most damaging thing that could be
  >done to the Internet community." That's just another of those wildly
  >exaggerated phrases that JM throws out for emotional effect. I can think
  >of many politicians--and even a few journalists--who pose a far greater
  >danger to the future of the net than Kevin Mitnick ever did.
  Charles probably missed the followup discussion on this point, but I think
 there is a dramatic difference between distributing information publicly and
 sharing it in a clandestine fashion with a small gang of crackers the way
 Mitnick was doing it. I assume from his comments that Charles thinks that
 issues like Internet privacy and security are trivial and don't really
 matter very much. I disagree with him here.
 "The reason we described
      what happened at Toad Hall on Xmas was that the attacks first came
      from toad.com while Tsutomu and Julia were there. If we hadn't have
      been complete in our description someone would have charged us with a
      cover up. Please remember that David Bank, a San Jose Mercury
      reporter, spent several weeks pursuing the hypothesis that Tsutomu had
      attack his own computers."
  >Uh-huh. And I suppose the rest of the sordid, relentlessly personal thread
  >in _Takedown,_ describing every little nuance of Shimomura's campaign to
  >steal someone's long-term girlfriend, was merely included so that no one
  >could complain that the account was incomplete? Really!
 Sharon Fisher had a good response to the notion of girlfriend as property.
 Charles is being viciously innaccurate here.
      In my review, I complained about pejorative terms (such as "attack")
      that JM uses repeatedly. His response: "Perjorative?? Yikes! I mean we
      could go to the dictionary....."
  >Well, I guess JM *should* go to the dictionary. If he does, he will find
  >that pejorative is a perfectly good word which I spelled correctly. It's
  >ironic that he seems unaware of it, since it so aptly describes his
  >own journalistic technique.
  This is getting weird again. I still don't have any problem with using the
 word "attack" and would use it again. I think Charles has sort of run out of
 gas trying to mount a defense against something that is basicly
 indefensible. It's just not ok to read other people's mail, steal commercial
 software, leave trojan horses scattered around, and systematically alter
 system software. No matter how you dress it up, its criminal activity.
      Re my assertion that all charges but one against Mitnick have been
      dropped, JM replies: "Wrong. Kevin Mitnick is in jail in Los Angeles
      facing charges from more than six United States Federal Districts. He
      may go on trial or he may plea bargain."
  >I tried to contact Mitnick's attorney before I wrote my review. He did
  >not return my calls. I based my statement on information from three other
  >sources. If it's incorrect, obviously I stand corrected. As I understand
  >it, though, those charges from other federal districts may not have been
  >actually filed. Is "facing charges" another of those slightly misleading
  >terms that makes the situation sound worse than it really is? Are the
  >charges actual, or potential?
 Why didn't Charles think to give any of half a dozen US District Attorney's
 a call and chat with them about the charges that are being brought against
 Kevin Mitncik. For those who are curious there is a plea bargaining process
 going on now and Mitnick has a scheduled court date for January 29.
 "Myth and reality? I have been writing about Kevin
      Mitnick for a long time, since 1981 to be precise, but I didn't create
      a myth, he created his own story."
  >In his own rebuttal, JM has already referred to the Mitnick story as a
  >"good yarn." A yarn, of course, is a richly embroidered, sometimes
  >fictionalized version of the truth. This is precisely what I believe he
  >concocted, and it isn't my idea of decent journalism.
 Please Charles, which part is concocted? The part about Kevin being a
 criminal who was a fugitive and who was caught while he was breaking in to
 computers?
  >Would JM like to explain how Dan Farmer's perception of "the Mitnick
  >threat" can be so different from Shimomura's? To the outside observer, it
  >almost looks as if there wasn't a significant security threat, and
  >Shimomura must have been motivated by wounded vanity, while John Markoff
  >was motivated by his desire to tell a "good yarn" and make a lot of money.
  >Am I wrong?
  Yes you're wrong. I can't speak for Dan, but Tsutomu was invited by both
 the Well and Netcom to help them solve a persistent computer security
 problem. His advice to the Well was that they would never be secure unless
 the person who was attacking their computers was apprehended. The Well had
 no viable way to lock Kevin Mitnick out. Tsutomu's solution to actively
 pursue Mitnick was the only reasonable option, one which the Well management
 agreed with. There are several philosophies in the computer security world.
 One view is that rather than hiding in your shell it is necessary to track
 down offenders who have broken the law. I really don't see what's wrong with
 that approach. Do you Charles?

@_date: 1996-01-14 16:10:27
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: exposure=deterence? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 13-Jan-96 exposure=deterence? by
Charlie Merritt at intellin If the investigation is indeed over, a FOI request is possible, no?

@_date: 1996-01-18 03:00:37
@_author: Timothy L. Nali 
@_subject: Random Number Generators 
Hi all
truly random numbers (The chip will be fabricated).  I'm limited to a
2-micron standard cmos technology (no fancy BiCMOS, MISC, or anthing
else).  The most promising design I've seen so far (that I can actually
do) is based on clocking a D flip-flop in the following way:
	|
	|
(sloppy) slow clock	----  |>	|
	|
The slow clock has enough random variation in it's period  for the Dff
to generate random numbers.   The random bits will , of course, have
biases that will need to be corrected with things like Xor gates.
Can anyone give me pointers or references to other types of true random
number generators and to ways of correcting the biases and other
problems in the resulting random bitstream?   I'd also appreciate a
pointer to an intro text (if such a thing exists) on what makes random
numbers good random numbers.  (and before you say it, yes I have Applied
Cyptography.  It's a great book.)
One thing I'm concerned about is making sure the random bitstream is
uniformly random.  What effects, if any, will things like thermal noise,
power comsumption (what if there is a sudden rise in power comsumption
in another part of the circuit), etc. have on the randomness of the
bitstream?  I'd also appreciate any other suggestions or advice you have on RNGs.
Thanks in advance.

@_date: 1996-01-18 03:19:27
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: WP: Encryption rules hurt exporters 
The Washington Post
January 17, 1996
Study: Encryption Rules Hurt Exporters
   By Elizabeth Corcoran
   Washington Post Staff Writer
   U.S. export restrictions on technology for encrypting information are
   slowing American companies' success in some foreign countries and
   retarding the growth of an international market for such technology,
   according to a new report released by the U.S. Commerce Department.
   The study is likely to become the latest ammunition in the struggle
   between the administration and many U.S. high-tech companies and civil
   liberties advocates over how tightly the United States should control
   the export of sophisticated data scrambling, or encryption,
   technology. Both sides are likely to try to use the report to their
   advantage.
   U.S. businesses contend that they are losing market share to foreign
   competitors because they are not allowed to include the most
   sophisticated encryption technology in their software products.
   "The day we show lost market share [in the overall market for
   software] is the day that we start losing the whole ballgame," said
   Rebecca Gould, director of policy for the Business Software Alliance.
   The report, which was commissioned in late 1994 by the national
   security adviser and carried out by the Commerce Department's Bureau
   of Export Administration and the National Security Agency, aimed to
   assess the impact of encryption export controls. It assigns no dollar
   values to any sales lost by U.S. companies, but notes that there are
   many foreign-made encryption products available overseas. On the other
   hand, some of those products do not work well, the report says.
   Still, it cites evidence that U.S firms are not making significant
   progress in the business of selling encryption technology.
   In three countries -- Switzerland, Denmark and the United Kingdom --
   market share for U.S. encryption products declined during 1994, the
   report said. Sources in 14 countries said that export controls "limit"
   U.S. market share, while those in another seven countries said such
   controls have "either no impact or no major impact."
   Although the report maintains that sources in "most" countries
   indicated that U.S. market share is "keeping pace" with overall
   demand, in many of the countries surveyed, "exportable U.S. encryption
   products are perceived to be of unsatisfactory quality."
   Today, a Washington-based policy group supported by a dozen major
   computer companies plans to release its own commentary on export
   encryptions, calling for the government to lift its export
   restrictions.

@_date: 1996-01-18 03:50:23
@_author: eli+@GS160.SP.CS.CMU.EDU 
@_subject: FW: Net Control is Thought Control 
In article <+cmu.andrew.internet.cypherpunks+4kz3qSq00UfAM0yv9n at andrew.cmu.edu>
Enough already.
We all know that discussion groups are subject to disruption by
flamers, and that anonymity can reduce accountability.  What is more
interesting is whether the use of pseudonyms adds any new
Ah, conspiracy theories again.  A conspiracy of one does have certain
advantages over the old-fashioned approach of gathering several
like-minded people.  Communication costs are reduced, and the problem
of trust is eliminated.  On the other hand, a conspiracy of one isn't
much good for anything but playing games on the net -- cattle mutilation
is really a two-man job, and infiltrating the U.S. Government is right
Being a good Medusa may be easier than controlling the banking system,
but it seems to be quite hard.  Your history suggests that stylistic
analysis may be used to link nyms.  A sufficiently skilled writer
might be able to avoid this.  An individual known to me was wanking
around with pseudonyms (from nyx, I think) on rec.music.industrial in
'92-93; he did a decent job of stylistic variation, but was noticed on
the basis of the response patterns of his articles (and nailed by nyx
usage logs, but that's another matter).  There are several Usenet
examples of people trying to use inapparent pseudonyms without lasting
The classic response, of course, is that the real conspiracies are too
good to be detected, and/or they off the investigative reporters.
This is not falsifiable, but we can compare pseudonym conspiracies to
meat ones: the risk is lower, particularly in an regime of
unconditionally-secure pseudonyms from which the Medusa can simply
walk away.  But you don't get real-world power or money.  You get to
put in a lot of effort for a chance at unduly swaying public opinion
on one forum.  (And if you screw up, you get a lot of attention --
this may be a major draw for some.)  But there are easier and more
effective techniques: press releases and paid advertising, for
example.  Who needs pseudonyms?
Side note:
I would say the opposite.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+ at cs.cmu.edu

@_date: 1996-01-21 22:06:48
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: VTW: "Lotus blinks in industry/NSA crypt standoff" 
VTW BillWatch        VTW BillWatch: A weekly newsletter tracking US Federal legislation
     affecting civil liberties.  BillWatch is published at the end of every
        week as long as Congress is in session. (Congress is in session)
                   BillWatch is produced and published by the
                 Voters Telecommunications Watch (vtw at vtw.org)
                             (We're not the EFF :-)
                 Issue  Date: Mon Jan 22 00:42:06 EST 1996
     Do not remove this banner.  See distribution instructions at the end.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
        Announcements
        Oregon ISPs stand up for your rights
        Recap of ECHO Virtual Culture Event 1/21/96
        Lotus blinks in industry/NSA crypt standoff
        Subscription Information (unchanged since 10/21/95)
Each week never fails to bring us some interesting development in the
world of telecommunications and civil liberties and this one is no different.
Keep an eye on   We'll be posting
an alert on the New York State cyberporn bill later tonight.  Also, if
you haven't yet scheduled a meeting with your legislator and your local
ISP to talk about the Exon bill, you're wasting valuable time.  Do so now!
Shabbir J. Safdar
Advisory Board Member
Voters Telecommunications Watch
This issue can be found in HTML form at
LOTUS BLINKS IN INDUSTRY/NSA CRYPT STANDOFF
It's not clear why this hasn't made a larger impression on the net yet,
because we think its of crucial importance in the ongoing debate about
For years since the original introduction of the Clipper Chip, the
debate over cryptography has continued to gain momentum.  Recently,
the Administration, embarrassed by its defeat over the Clipper Chip
proposal, put forth it's Commercial Key Escrow proposal.  What is
all the fuss about?
It's about cryptography, and who has the right to encrypt information
and who has the right to keep the key.  Right now, you do, but that
could all change.
Think of cryptography as a really good front door on your house or
apartment.  The door key is yours to hold, isn't it?  It's your right
to give a copy to someone you trust, or if you choose, nobody at all.
The Administration contends that this is not so.  With their "commercial
key escrow" scheme, they contend that you shouldn't be able to build a
door they cannot break down, but they also contend that they should be
able to order you to give a copy of the key to a government-approved
individual, so that they can come enter your house (with a warrant, of
course) when they wish.
Industry, of course, panned this plan when it proposed late 1995, and
continues to object to it.  All the while, a standoff continues:
the Administration refuses to allow cryptographic software with keys
longer than 40 bits to be exported, and industry refuses to build Big
Brother into their products.
And this is where the standoff stayed until last Wednesday, when
Lotus blinked.
On Wed, Jan. 17th, 1996, Lotus announced that it had increased the key
length of its International version of the Lotus Notes product to 64
bits.  They did this by building in a back door for the Administration to
use to decrypt any international traffic that it might desire to read.
Although there are a lot of reasons why we think this is a terrible idea,
the first one that springs to mind is the fact that the one public key that
Lotus has embedded in all their software is a single point of failure
for every International Lotus user throughout the world.  Sure, this key
is held with a high security clearance by the government, but then
Aldritch Ames also had some of the most sensitive information available
to him, and he proved untrustworthy.
After all, if $1.5 million can buy a CIA counter-intelligence agent, I
wonder how much a Lotus Notes key escrow holder goes for these days?
You can find a copy of the Lotus press releases at

@_date: 1996-01-26 10:17:02
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Bernie S. Sentencing 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 25-Jan-96 Bernie S. Sentencing by
Dan Bailey at milliways.org I've contacted an editor I know at the Allentown Morning Call (the major
newspaper in the Easton, PA area) and a staffwriter I know at the
Philadelphia Inquirer.
No word from the Inquirer yet, but the Morning Call seems interested --
email me for the editor's email address/phone number. Other folks can
probably give better background than I can.

@_date: 1996-01-28 06:36:32
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Banned French Book Online 
As Tim May noted a few messages ago, the French government censored a
book written by the physician to their late president, Francois
Mitterrand. An enterprising fellow in eastern France scanned it into 189
pages of GIF files and put it online.
Now the French police have arrested him, ostensibly on unrelated charges.
I'm putting the complete version of the banned book, _Le Grand Secret_,
online -- you can find it on the following identical sites:
Since the combined size of the files is 9 MB, Seth Finkelstein and I
stripped the images from 4 bpp to 1 bpp (greyscale to monochrome), and
reduced the combined size to 2 MB. The stripped GIF files are on:
             [tar file]
    [compressed tar file]
Related stories and commentary are available at the following identical sites:

@_date: 1996-01-28 09:35:42
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Denning's misleading statements 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 27-Jan-96 Re: Denning's misleading
st.. by Mark Allyn 860-9454 at ally I doubt that they'd be interested, but if they are, Jon Lebkowsky of
EFF-Austin hosts Electronic Frontiers, a HotWired online discussion
forum, every Thursday night at 10 pm. The subject would fit in nicely
with his discussions; this week he had Steve Jackson, of Steve Jackson
I'm sure we could interest him in this.

@_date: 1996-01-29 13:52:26
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Ernst Zundel impersonator on Usenet 
Ernst Zundel is the holocaust revisionist who sparked the Wiesenthal
Center's attempts at censorship, and the latest move by the German
Now an AOL alias, "ernstzundl at aol.com", is being used in the course of an impressive trolling spree on Usenet newsgroups including aus.flame,
alt.skinheads, alt.mindcontrol, and soc.culture.jewish.
Some excerpts from posts to soc.culture.jewish:
        Prior to 1904, there *were* no black people.  But they
        invented the whole myth of Africa, the slave trade, pyramids
        in Egypt, etc-- to serve their own ends.  I know this because
        *I* have studied history.  This is why I am the Revisionist
        Extraordinaire.  I know obscure things about history that
        nobody except me knows.
        FOIL THE JEWISH PLOT!!  POLUTE THE EARTH!!  CONTAMINATE THE
        WATER!!  DESTROY EVERY LIVING THING TO SAVE IT FROM THE JEWS!!
        AND THEN WAIT FOR THE MOTHER SHIP TO BRING US TO OUR HOME IN
        THE STARS!
I found an interesting message with the help of Alta Vista. Posted by
"ernstzundl at aol.com" to rec.scuba, it said:
        Does anyone know of any scuba clubs in or near Kingston, NY?
        Thanks!
I'm not familiar with how AOL screen names work, but my guess is that
the Kingston, NY resident impersonating Zundel forgot to switch back
to his other screen name before posting.

@_date: 1996-01-30 05:17:43
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 28-Jan-96 Re: "German service cuts
Ne.. by "James A. Donald" You're actually quoting from an inspired bit of trolling. See my recent
message: "Ernst Zundel impersonator on Usenet"
Whatever he is, Zundel is not an anti-Nazi. He's perhaps the world's
leading holocaust revisionist, and is now living in Canada. He's
well-known to our northern neighbors; his trial for speech crimes went
all the way to the Canadian Supreme Court. His web site is at:
       But I agree with your basic point. For trying to censor the Internet,
German prosecutors are amazingly ignorant idiots.

@_date: 1996-01-30 21:01:55
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [NOISY] Deutsche Telekom <--> webcom.com "routing troubles" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 29-Jan-96 [NOISY] Deutsche Telekom
<-.. by Just Rich at c2.org I've set up another mirror site at Carnegie Mellon University. In my
mind, the mirror archive exists to demonstrate the folly and the
danger of Internet censorship. It's in is in the AFS directory:
  /afs/cs.cmu.edu/user/declan/www/Not_By_Me_Not_My_Views/
You can access it from the following web servers at these URLs:
      These servers are fairly robust and load-balanced, and I believe it will
difficult for attacks to succeed against them. In addition, anyone
with access to the globally-distributed AFS network can just cd into
the above AFS directory and read Zundel's files. Some German AFS sites
include, but are not limited to:
   afs-math.zib-berlin.de
   fh-heilbronn.de
   geo.uni-koeln.de
   lrz-muenchen.de
   hrzone.th-darmstadt.de
   mathematik.uni-stuttgart.de
   rhrk.uni-kl.de
   rrz.uni-koeln.de
   rus-cip.uni-stuttgart.de
   tu-chemnitz.de
   urz.uni-heidelberg.de
Deutsche Telekom's hostname-based censorship has already cut off
German users from over 1,500 U.S. businesses, including electronic and
computer businesses, art stores, online banks, and and even the Port
Douglas Visitors Bureau for Queensland, Australia.
If the German government forces Deutsche Telekom to block access to
web servers at Carnegie Mellon University, MIT, and Stanford
University, it will be slicing off communications with three of the
most respected universities in the United States.

@_date: 1996-01-31 03:32:32
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: No FV supporters? 
I am rather shocked that after wading through hundreds of msgs of abuse
of Nathaniel and FV I haven't seen one message of support; but perhaps I
missed it.
I agree that the original post seemed very self-serving and was poorly
worded for this audience.  However, that doesn't excuse people from
reading it carefully and thinking about the implications.  FV has argued
time and again that their basic strength is that CC number aren't
available for systematic secretive purloinage.  The concern about
collecting CC# on a large scale is one of the argument given for the
importance of using encryption throughout the internet.  Otherwise
tapping the internet backbone has much the same properties.  I thought
we had already agreed that dumpster diving is a fundamentally smaller
threat to the CC system than backbone tapping.  FV is just pointing out
that another systematic weakness exists in the CC/internet scheme.
Whether this is a new, serious concern for internet commerce seems to be
a useful and important topic for discussion.  Fortunately, the
discussion, acrimonious as it has been has produced fruit.  It looks
like Weld Pond's suggestion of using a random imagemap is an effective
antidote.  Making the attack harder by an order of magnitude at least.
Ted Anderson

@_date: 1996-01-31 11:39:03
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [NOISY] Your own Zundelsite in five minutes or less 
Here's how to open your own Zundelsite mirror archive in five minutes or less.
To open your own partial Zundelsite (without the French text or audio
files), first download the 1.3 MB compressed zundelfile from one of the
following URLs:
  ftp://ftp.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/user/declan/ftp/zundelsite.tar.gz
    Compare against this checksum, that I've also placed in:   MD5 (zundelsite.tar.gz) = 356cdf078f2a155af73a76663e25fe1a
Then decompress the zundelfile, untar it, and register your URL with the
Zundelsite Registry at: declan+zundel at andrew.cmu.edu. I'll add your site
to my list of mirrors at:
As of this afternoon, there are Zundelsite mirrors operating at MIT,
Stanford University, Carnegie Mellon University, the University of
Texas, and the University of Pennsylvania.

@_date: 1996-01-31 11:51:15
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 29-Jan-96 [NOISE] Re: "German
service.. by Rich Graves at networking.s I vaguely remember one district court upholding the "reasonable woman"
standard around four years ago, but that braindead idea was abandonded
in subsequent decisions.
For more info on what happens when the "reasonable woman" standard is
applied in higher education (particularly regarding online speech),
check out:

@_date: 1996-01-31 17:10:45
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [NOISY] Your own Zundelsite in five minutes or less 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 30-Jan-96 Re: [NOISY] Your own
Zundel.. by Lucky Green at netcom.com I agree -- I don't think the censors have lost. If anything, the
restrictions are getting worse; the latest reports from Germany say that
the  blocking is not limited to DT/T-Online.
Now the German universities are blocking, as is the "Win" scientific
network. All in the absence of a court order. One message forwarded to
me apparently came from network admins:
ich moechte Sie an dieser Stelle ueber eine bewusste
Routing-Einschraenkung informieren.  Bis auf weiteres wird die Route
zum Server  alias s1000e.webcom.com (206.2.192.66) auf
dem ipgate2 geerdet: "wir haben nun das Routing zum WWW-Server
 eingestellt.  Wie aus der Tagespresse zu erfahren war,
wird ueber diesen Server Nazi-Propaganda verteilt. Die
Staatsanwaltschaft Mannheim ermittelt gegen Ernst Zuendel, Produzent
dieser WWW-Seite, wegen des Verdachts auf Volksverhetzung."
If anyone's interested, we're talking about this in more detail on
fight-censorship, which is probably a more appropriate forum. Email
fight-censorship-request+ at andrew.cmu.edu if you'd like to be added.

@_date: 1996-07-07 02:30:02
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: I confess [Was: Who was that Masked Cypherpunk?] 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 5-Jul-96 Re: I confess [Was: Who
was.. by Duncan Frissell at panix.co I was sitting not far from Jim when he offered the amendment; I remember
it passing overwhelmingly. However, I don't think think the word "GAK"
was in there -- just "government access to keys."
The change to the platform, including Jim's amendment, passed unanimously.

@_date: 1996-07-07 08:02:40
@_author: eli+@gs160.sp.cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: NYT/CyberTimes on CWD article 
It seems that these companies are going to have a problem as long as
they use lists of *excluded* sites.  Forget insight into company
policy; these are global indices of "smut" on the net.  (The lists of
the more liberal companies are probably most attractive to those not
titillated by NOW position papers.)
They have to give you the list, and they have to give you software
that uses it, so there's no way to achieve complete secrecy.  I think
the best they can do is to distribute a list of hashed URLs.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+ at cs.cmu.edu

@_date: 1996-07-08 22:53:48
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: NYT/CyberTimes on CWD article 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 7-Jul-96 Re: NYT/CyberTimes on CWD
a.. by "Deranged Mutant" The software can't tell. Take webcom.com, where some ~perv directories
are blocked and some /users/perv directories are blocked by CyberPatrol.

@_date: 1996-07-14 21:39:10
@_author: Timothy Lawrence Nali 
@_subject: ANNOUNCEMENT: PGPfone Beta 7 Now Available for Download 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 14-Jul-96 Re: ANNOUNCEMENT: PGPfone
B.. by Arun Mehta at giasdl01.vsnl One thing that comes to mind are network games.  I not sure if Doom or
Quake can use UDP, but I'm fairly certain that Netrek uses UDP packets
(up to 16 players run client programs which communicate with a game
server using TCP or UDP).
 Tim Nali            \  "We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of
 tn0s at andrew.cmu.edu  \   the dreams" -Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory

@_date: 1996-07-18 12:50:07
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Washington Post -- "Block but Verify" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 17-Jul-96 Re: Washington Post --
"Blo.. by "Bruce M." Some products do, some don't. SurfWatch is ON or OFF. CyberPatrol has a
dozen categories.

@_date: 1996-07-18 12:53:15
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Surf-filter lists 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 16-Jul-96 Re: Surf-filter lists  by
"Vladimir Z. Nuri" L.D. fails to say why NOW and gay history sites and gun rights sites and
EFF and LPF and SAFE @ MIT and HotWired should be blocked. He also fails
to understand that Brock and I both wrote the article. He finally fails
to understand that CyberPatrol's categories are anything but clear.

@_date: 1996-07-18 13:03:07
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Intl consensus (was Re: How I Would Ban Strong Crypto in the U.S.) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 17-Jul-96 Intl consensus (was Re:
How.. by Dave Banisar at mindvox.com Will anyone else be rebutting it?
(not speaking for WIRED, first I heard of this)

@_date: 1996-07-19 16:27:17
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: TLA abuse (?) [non-crypto, mostly] 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 18-Jul-96 Re: TLA abuse (?)
[non-cryp.. by "Clay Olbon II" The Knox case established that lascivious exhibition of the genitals
(required for conviction) could take place when the kid was clothed. In
that case, the girls were dancing around wearing leotards.
I have my cites at work.

@_date: 1996-07-23 17:27:46
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: Netscape 
I must agree with Lucky.  I am quite sure that even if Netscape was not
begin distributed over the net, copies would still be uploaded to
international sites by folks practicing Civil disobedience.  Only they'd
have to wait to get the release from a store or some other source.
If you think the net distribution channel is in danger, consider these
suggestions.  The basic idea is to provide plausible denyability that
the net site was the source of the "leak".
Offer to send the latest version on floppy to US addresses of
the first 100 people who request them.  I only suggest 100 to keep your
costs down.  But any decent sized number would do.
I got my copy bundled with my ISP software.  So make sure your ISP and
other redistributers have their copies a few days before you make it
available on the net.  Then new ISP accounts will start getting copies
before the net copies become available.
This may not work as well for beta's, but I'm sure other approaches
along these lines would work too.  Of course, it make sense to make sure
the binaries used in each of these channels are indistinguishable.
Ted Anderson

@_date: 1996-07-24 06:24:55
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: Netscape 
As you can clearly see I did *not* suggest that the software needed to
be uploaded anonymously.  I agree that public disobedience has a much
large impact than private disobedience, but I think the value of private
disobedience is still positive.
Uploading critical software which computer users can access accross the
globe, important as it is, is not an ideal method of practicing (or
mispracticing if you prefer) Civil Disobedience.  The problem is that
only a single copy only needs to be uploaded and only one person really
gets "credit" for the upload.
Better is something like Vince Cate's "Arms Trafficker" page:
    I am there at  striking a tiny but not invisible blow for freedom.
172 Mon May  6  7:56:39 1996 Ted Anderson  user-168-121-79-76.dialup.mindspring.com  168.121.79.76
Ted Anderson

@_date: 1996-07-26 12:46:41
@_author: eli+@gs160.sp.cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
Right.  Of course, you're implicitly assuming not only that this bunch
of bank robbers is rational, but that they're familiar with
mathematical induction.  :->
   Eli Brandt
   eli+ at cs.cmu.edu

@_date: 1996-07-26 13:49:23
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: When books are outlawed 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 24-Jul-96 Re: When books are
outlawed by Alan Olsen at teleport.com Susie Bright is wonderful. She sent a copy of her latest book, which I
have right here: "Nothing but the Girl: The Blatant Lesbian Image."
It's the one I gave Bruce Taylor when he stopped by a few weeks ago.

@_date: 1996-07-26 14:10:15
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [Rant]Re: Shell buys key escrow system from TIS 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 25-Jul-96 [Rant]Re: Shell buys key
es.. by Jim Ray at gate.net I seem to remember I quoted you saying just that. :)
I would have asked the estimable Freeh a GAKky question, but he flew out
the door after this panel ended today...

@_date: 1996-07-27 02:37:06
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Freeh Testimony 7/25/96 
David's comments bring more heat than light.
Freeh's statements were not distributed to senators before the hearing,
so they couldn't have read his prepared statement.
Further, he wandered considerably from his prepared statement at the
hearing. I wonder why David is talking about what Freeh addressed in his
statement, instead of what he actually said.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 26-Jul-96 Re: Freeh Testimony
7/25/96 by David Sternlight at sternli

@_date: 1996-07-27 02:48:01
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: NOT noise! Serious cypherpunkly work afoot 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 26-Jul-96 NOT noise!  Serious
cypherp.. by bryce at digicash.com Sure, if you don't mind a 68040. Not on the Net (though I suppose I
could enable dialup) but I'd be happy to compile and run code for you.

@_date: 1996-07-28 17:31:11
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Fireworks expected, missed at Senate crypto hearing 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 27-Jul-96 Re: Fireworks expected,
mis.. by Alan Olsen at teleport.com Speaking of CDAesque legislation and elections, remember that Bob Dole
cosponsored the Grassley bill, which was even worse than Exon's

@_date: 1996-07-28 17:35:40
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Is Colossus out of date? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 27-Jul-96 Is Colossus out of date?
by Martin Minow at apple.com Freeh stressed the same point on Thursday. This info was on a sheet of
paper that looked like a DoJ form, though I couldn't get close enough to
read it.

@_date: 1996-07-29 05:33:48
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: TLAs on cypherpnks (was Re: ALL OF YOU ARE CRIMINAL HACKERS) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 28-Jul-96 Re: ALL OF YOU ARE
CRIMINAL.. by anonymous-remailer at shell At a recent conference in downtown DC, I was chatting with a few folks
in the hotel bar. One of 'em was reminiscing about his days at the CIA
and I reminded him that during my presentation earlier that day I talked
about crypto-anarchy (giving appropriate credit to Tim May, of course).
I asked him if he had ever monitored the cypherpunks list. "No, I
didn't. It was too high-traffic," he said. "But the guy in the next
office over from me did."
Is this the first confirmed report of TLA cypherpunk-monitoring?

@_date: 1996-07-30 07:33:56
@_author: eli+@gs160.sp.cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: "Soft Targets" as Schelling Points 
I see no coordination problem here.  Schelling points are a useful
concept when you have several actors, each of whom benefits from
making the same choice as the others.  Here, I think you want to say
"soft targets are easy to attack".
   Eli Brandt
   eli+ at cs.cmu.edu

@_date: 1996-07-31 07:58:40
@_author: eli+@gs160.sp.cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: "Soft Targets" as Schelling Points 
This isn't EconPunks, so I'll just say I haven't seen the term used
except in the context of tacit coordination (see  for some examples).  There is
some coordination here, I guess: terrorists and television crews both
benefit from being in the same place when the bomb goes off.  But this
probably isn't a driving motivation for either.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+ at cs.cmu.edu

@_date: 1996-06-07 20:34:54
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: On the Hill: Child Porn "Morphing" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 5-Jun-96 Re: On the Hill: Child
Porn.. by Jeffrey A Nimmo at ionet.ne FYI -- I have a link to Bob Chatelle's Toni Marie Angeli "child porn"
case (photos of her kid for a Harvard class) at

@_date: 1996-06-07 20:40:07
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: On the Hill: Child Porn "Morphing" 
I should have said that (A) (B) and (C) are linked by OR, not by AND.
Excerpts from outbox: 7-Jun-96 Re: On the Hill: Child Porn.. by =>
cypherpunks at toad.com

@_date: 1996-06-07 20:57:45
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: whitehouse web incident, viva la web revolution 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 5-Jun-96 Re: whitehouse web
incident.. by Hallam-Baker at ai.mit.edu I'll let Brock defend himself. I will, however, say that my
conversations with him indicate that he probably dislikes Dole and
Clinton equally -- or, if you prefer, likes one as much as the other.

@_date: 1996-06-07 23:05:59
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: On the Hill: Child Porn "Morphing" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 5-Jun-96 Re: On the Hill: Child
Porn.. by Jeffrey A Nimmo at ionet.ne Read the legislation. I have the text of S.1237 in front of me now.
Child pornography is any depiction, including electronic, where:
(A) the production of such visual depiction involves the use of a minor
engaging in sexually explicit conduct;
(B) such visual depiction is, or appears to be, of a minor engaging in
sexually explicit conduct;
(C) such visual depiction is advertised, promoted, presented, or
distributed in such a manner that conveys the impression that the
material is or contains a visual depiction of a minor engaging in
sexually explicit conduct.
Anyone who "knowingly receives or distributes" it in any way over state
lines "including by computer" will be fined and given a 5 to 15 year
vacation at Club Fed.

@_date: 1996-06-08 04:42:12
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 6-Jun-96 Re: FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS
by jim bell at pacifier.com to do so
A few observations:
1. Not many readers of cypherpunks are lawyers
2. Of the laywers who do read cypherpunks, many may not choose to spend
their time researching what laws AP may violate. Or they're not "slick"
lawyers; take your pick.
3. Congress would have no problems passing a law outlawing AP, if one
does not exist already.

@_date: 1996-06-08 14:23:28
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: OECD http://www.oecd.org/news_and_events/release/nw96-46a.htm 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 7-Jun-96 Re: OECD   by Bill Stewart at ix.netcom.c I believe the OECD meetings are closed to the public and journalists. I
was thinking of going to one, but was told that I couldn't. (Even though
I'm fully accredited with U.S. Congress-issued press identification.)
Isn't there an OECD meeting soon in Paris? Marc Rotenberg from EPIC has
been following this closely and would be a good person to ask.
(somewhat tipsy, always a bad idea when posting to cypherpunks)

@_date: 1996-06-08 16:37:13
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Wasting time and bandwidth on Bell 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 7-Jun-96 Wasting time and bandwidth
.. by "P.J. Ponder" One of 'em just emailed me saying just that.

@_date: 1996-06-09 03:29:46
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: RFD: Time to kick some anti-scientologist ass? 
The attached summary is substantially incorrect. I know some of the
"flamers" you mentioned, and their intentions are *not* to stop the
Scientologists from discussing their religion.
On the contrary, the Scientologists are trying to make it very difficult
for anyone to *criticize* the Church of Scientology or reveal some of
its more wacky teachings.
For more info --
  Ron Newman's web page on the Church of Scientology:
      Dave Touretzky's web page:
    Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 8-Jun-96 RFD: Time to kick some
anti.. by Dr.Dimitri V. KOTM at bwalk

@_date: 1996-06-10 14:05:36
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Gore opposes unwarranted'' Internet censorship 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Jun-96 Gore opposes unwarranted''
.. by Joseph M. R. Jr. at MIT.EDU Heh. It's rhetoric, but it's also a sign of the shift in political tides
in DC. Now it's possible for politicos to claim the CDA went a bit too
far -- but they waited for a broad, corporate, mainstream challenge to
the CDA and a negative reaction to the DoJ's arguments from the judges
before they felt comfy taking this position.
Jack Fields, chair of House telecom subcom, made similar mouthings last
month in a speech I reported on in this month's (or was it last month's)
Internet World.
Also check out my f-c dispatch  for background on Gore's stand.

@_date: 1996-06-10 14:07:07
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Anti-Scientologists 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Jun-96 Re: Anti-Scientologists by
Anonymous at REPLAY.COM Truth  It is indeed a religion. First Amendment advocates need to
tread carefully when dealing with the Church of Scientology, I believe.
Truth  Cults can exist in the absence of a charismatic leader.

@_date: 1996-06-10 15:30:48
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: More on LolitaWatch 
CDA Watch: DoJ Proposes Tagging Underage Users
     According to the press release, Nubility Inc. had released
     LolitaWatch, a network utility that detects "nubile young teens"
     online by checking for the federally mandated "age bit" in TCP/IP
     packets. But like the original novel, which parodied an older man's
     lust for a lascivious teen, LolitaWatch is a hoax, designed to
     illustrate the dangers of attaching age information to this
     workhorse Internet protocol.
     The proposal for an age bit is a serious one. Advanced during the
     Philadelphia court challenge to the Communications Decency Act
     (CDA), it's part of what American Library Association (ALA) attorney
     Bruce Ennis calls the Department of Justice's (DoJ's) "efforts to
     redefine the way the CDA is written."
     If the high court strikes down the CDA, Congress will try again.      Jack Fields (R-Texas), chair of the House telecommunications            subcommittee, said in May: "We should be ready with a              response--[pornography] is a real problem. I have a six-year old and
     I get concerned about that. I want a real solution that works. The
     CDA was driven by emotion and not by real policy."
     Forty years ago, media hype gave Lolita a reputation as an obscene
     novel and prompted the French, Argentine, and New Zealand                governments to censor it. But Vladimir Nabokov's work contained not
     one explicitly sexual passage. Without reading the book, customs
     agents never knew that it was a sad parody of an old man's fantasy
     lust for a young girl.
     The Net censors seem to have found in the Internet a modern           Lolita--which they understand just about as well as the 1950s        customs agents understood Nabokov.
     --Declan McCullagh

@_date: 1996-06-10 23:00:28
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Gore's speech writers 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Jun-96 Gore's speech writers by
Timothy C. May at got.net I've been a fan of Helprin's short stories for a number of years -- he
is a beautiful writer and talented wordsmith. Helprin can make a
paragraph get up, get down, and do the fandango.
If anything is going to give Dole a competitive edge during this
campaign, it's Mark Helprin.

@_date: 1996-06-12 20:16:52
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: HotWired article on NEW bill to let FCC set net-stds, repeal CDA 
I spoke with Rep. Lofgren for a while today while I was writing this
piece. I believe she's genuinely well-intentioned, but doesn't
understand the issues. Visit HotWired's web site for the full report.
   The Hydra
   HotWired Special Report
   by Brock N. Meeks and Declan McCullagh
   Washington, DC, 11 June    A bill that would attempt to "fix" the potential harm of the
   Communications Decency Act was dropped into the legislative boneyard
   late yesterday by freshman Representative Zoe Lofgren (D-California).
   The bill, dubbed the "Internet Freedom and Child Protection Act,"
   provides neither.
   [...]
   Then there are her loopy additions. All Internet service providers,
   under government mandate, will become vendors of "blocking software"
   such as SurfWatch or Cyber Patrol. Lofgren's bill says that all new
   ISP customers must be provided, either free or at a fee, "screening
   software that is designed to permit the customer to limit access to
   material that is unsuitable for children." Of course, nowhere does she
   define what "unsuitable" means.
   However, such vagueness didn't stop Lofgren from proposing that the
   Federal Communications Commission move into the business of setting
   commercial software standards. Under this bill, the FCC is required to
   "prescribe minimum technical standards for screening software."
   [...]
   How does the FCC feel about a new proposed role as "software
   commissioner?" Frankly, they'd rather not be involved, according
   to Mark Corbitt, technology policy advisor to Chairman Reed Hundt.

@_date: 1996-06-13 17:07:50
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Anonymous remailers mentioned in CDA decision 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 12-Jun-96 Re: Anonymous remailers
men.. by Dr.Dimitri V. KOTM at bwalk What, precisely, in the statute's language *forces* the DoJ to appeal?
It is the Solicitor General's decision. At close of business today, the
DoJ still hadn't told me whether they would or not. But we expect they

@_date: 1996-06-14 18:23:17
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: PBS show 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 13-Jun-96 Re: PBS show by jim
bell at pacifier.com The original Apple II floppy disk drive held 143KB, though you could use
extra tracks if you were ambitious. The drive was a marvel, and was
considerably ahead of its competition. I remember the Commodore 64
drives (1541?) that were just plain slothful.
You could also use the other side of the disk, of course!

@_date: 1996-06-15 16:03:41
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Does information want to be free? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 14-Jun-96 Does information want to
be.. by "Mark M." ObPlug: _Le Grand Secret_ is at .
Last month I inteviewed a French government official in conjunction with
an article I was writing. I confess I was amused by how he described
those Internet anarchists who delighted in publicizing books that should
in fact be restricted.

@_date: 1996-06-16 02:33:24
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Remailer Operator Liability? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 15-Jun-96 Re: Remailer Operator
Liabi.. by Zed at zeta.org.au This is true. Yesterday evening I interviewed the director of
enforcement for a TLA here in DC. He expressed his concern about
anonymous remailers and anonymity online. (More on this later.)
The word here in DC is "accountability."

@_date: 1996-06-16 17:40:21
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [Noise] Re: Clinton Backs Internet 'Decency Act' 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 15-Jun-96 [Noise] Re: Clinton Backs I.. by Joseph M. R. Jr. at MIT.EDU RG>This is also at odds with what Clinton said. The full text of the
RG>statement is available on whitehouse.gov, among other places.
It is in fact not at odds with what Clinton said. In fact, Clinton did
not have to go out and defend the law's constitutionality in an official
He could have just said "my attorneys in the DoJ are reviewing the
opinion and will make a decision to appeal or not within the time given
by law."

@_date: 1996-06-16 18:09:34
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: More info on this? 
I believe the folks at EPIC played a key part in this move by Lexis/Nexis.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 16-Jun-96 More info on this? by
"Deranged Mutant"

@_date: 1996-06-18 01:05:19
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Remailer Operator Liability? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 17-Jun-96 Re: Remailer Operator
Liabi.. by Duncan Frissell at panix.co I believe we used the term "email exploder" instead of "mailing list,"
particularly in cross-examination and closing arguments, to convey the
idea that such a device is often used for conversation, not just one-way
The fight-censorship list (mail exploder?) is part of the lawsuit, and
my sworn testimony included:
  the list sometimes includes material that could be considered
"indecent" or   "patently offensive."  Minors are not excluded from this

@_date: 1996-06-20 16:48:53
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Digital Cash application 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 19-Jun-96 Re: Digital Cash
application by jim bell at pacifier.com Jim: I've worked on a presidential campaign before and can tell you that
if the FEC is likely to consider something a violation, the campaign is
not going to skirt the line.
That said, perhaps the law is outdated and needs to be changed. The
portion of the campaign finance law, as intepreted by the FEC, barring
online services from providing free accounts to political candidates, is
now being scrutinized in Congress. Rep. White will introduce a reform
bill in about two weeks.

@_date: 1996-06-21 01:08:07
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress is at it again 
There's no imminent Congressinal action here, folks. Note that HR2441
may be revived next year, but we have a reprieve for now.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 20-Jun-96 Congress is at it again by
Anonymous R. Service at veg

@_date: 1996-06-21 22:49:23
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Safemail 
And more generally, this is what NeXT's developer documentation has to
say about services... Good stuff.
Examples of a Few Possible Services
Here are a few examples of services that have already been implemented
to give you an idea of what can be done with NeXTSTEP's services
* Encryption
An encryption service can convert data to a more secure form.  For
example, Mail can place a mail message on the pasteboard as a standard
Rich Text Format (RTF) document, and another application could encrypt
the document and place it back into mail as unreadable ASCII text, or as
a document to be opened only by another external decryption application.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 20-Jun-96 Re: Safemail by Andrew
Loewenstern at il.us application has  management user  crypto

@_date: 1996-06-21 23:01:39
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress is at it again 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 20-Jun-96 Re: Congress is at it
again by Alan Olsen at teleport.com Hey, I'm cynical too. But I'm also a realist.
If the bill starts showing any signs of life, I'll be the first one
covering it and pushing the sucker back in its grave unless it's changed
radically. But right now it's a fetid rotting carcass, and ain't going

@_date: 1996-06-21 23:37:13
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Safemail 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 20-Jun-96 Re: Safemail by Adam
Shostack at homeport.o Might you be thinking of ForYourEyesOnly, by R. Crandall and J. Martin?
It was distributed as a demo program with Release 2 of the NeXTstep
operating system, along with such nifty apps as a Mandelbrot generator
that used the 56001 onboard DSP. (I've never used it, though.)
Here's the help file that comes with ForYourEyesOnly. I had to grab it
with SegHoarker.
-Declan (Registered NeXT Developer)
ForYourEyesOnly is a message encryption utility.  The basic idea is that
secret messages may be sent via mail, or simply stored as encrypted
(.encr) files.  The notion of Public Key encryption requires that each
participant have a pair of keys: a "Private Key" and an associated
"Public Key."  Everyone's Public Key is known to everyone (hence the
name public).  Private Keys on the other hand are just like passwords;
that is, you commit your Private Key to memory.
You create your Public Key via the Registration... menu item.  When your
(at least 8-character) Private Key is entered, the associated Public Key
is computed for you.  Again, note that the Public Key is safe, i.e. it
can be broadcast to the whole world.  Your Private Key, on the other
hand, should never be disclosed beyond your chosen group of confidantes
(which group can of course be just a singleton--you).
ForYourEyesOnly allows for groups (larger than just yourself) to share a
Private/Public Key pair.  For example, a sales department can have one
common Private Key, so that any member of sales may read mail that was
encrypted using the associated Public Key for sales.  In this "group"
mode, a new sales member is presumably given the Private Key verbally,
on a garden walk, or during a loud evening at a local tavern, etc.
The decryption procedure is dealt with first in case you have just
received an encrypted document and don't know what to do with it.  If
this is the case you may, for example, have double clicked a .encr file
icon from mail and have landed here.  By entering a correct Private Key
in the Message Window and pressing the Decrypt button you will obtain a
decrypted file.
You might wonder how someone could have sent you an encryption if you
have not yet registered a Private Key.
Well, you might just have joined a department all of whose workers are
using a single Private/Public Key pair for intra-office mail.  In this
case, all you need do is find the departmental Private Key for
The .encr icons can be dragged to/from Mail or to/from Browser.
Encrypting files
A Plaintext message may be encrypted by entering the recipient's Public
Key (if it has not already appeared automatically, as it does when the
recipient initiated a mail exchange), and your own Private Key, then
pressing the Encrypt button.  (As above, a Public Key must have been
obtained at some point in the past via the Registration menu item). Note
that "Plaintext" is actually a theoretical term from encryption theory,
and means the original, understandable text.  What you can actually
send, though, is text and/or pictures, etc., much the same way that you
can mail multimedia files.  We call all of this Plaintext, and the
encryption algorithm chews up everything you are sending in order to
create the .encr file.
(NOTE: You can encrypt any kind of file, but at this Release you cannot
send directories (folders)).  The encrypted file icon will appear in the icon well at the top of the
message window and can be dragged to the file browser or another
application.  The encrypted message can also be sent via the Services
menu by selecting the Mail menu and the Document menu item under that. A file can also be encrypted and saved to disk in a place you specify by
selecting the Encrypt, then Save As... menu item under the Document menu.
Instant Rebounding
Note that ForYourEyesOnly automatically transmits the Public Key of the
sender along with the message itself.  Thus, when you decrypt a mail
message you will get an automatic display of the other party's Public
Key.  This convenience means that once you have decrypted the incoming
message, you can easily "rebound", that is shoot a message back, simply
by editing the Plaintext area and hitting the Encrypt button.  This
instant rebounding works because both necessary keys are properly in
place as soon as you decrypt.   Importing files
Files can be dragged in from the browser to the content of the message
window, or selected using the Import File... menu item in the Document
Exporting files
Files in a received Plaintext message can be exported by dragging them
from the message window content or by double clicking them to launch the
appropriate application.
Our proprietary algorithm
One enjoyable aspect of working on encryption algorithms is that Help
information pertaining to the algorithm itself should be vacuous; i.e.,
the less said, the better.  Just one remark: the algorithm uses number
theory but, in not using factorization, is distinct from the celebrated
RSA method.

@_date: 1996-06-23 02:57:15
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: FW: Bashing "Wired" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 22-Jun-96 Re: FW: Bashing "Wired" by
Bill Stewart at ix.netcom.c Bashing Wired is, in fact, a bit tired itself. I recommend checking out
 for one treatment.
Now I'm no fan of Katz's front-pager -- I thought it maundered about and
was twice as long as it needed to be. But folks who write for Wired like
Jim Warren, Brock Meeks, and Mike Godwin (and Katz) do hang out online,
basically know what's going on, and are approachable.
Somehow, I suspect that cypherpunks aren't Wired's target audience...

@_date: 1996-06-23 17:20:34
@_author: David Rochberg 
@_subject: CFS Questions (protocol? safer/idea linkings?) 
ftp://research.att.com/dist/mab/cfs.ps is Blaze's CFS paper (which I
was silly not to read before my last post to cfs-users).  It should
answer many of your questions.
The answer to your "why so muany keys" question is that CFS uses two
keys per attachment (2 * 64 per hybrid-3DES instance * 2 instances =
256).  This is an attempt to foil structural analysis of the
files---under ECB mode alone, identical parts of the file will be
encrypted to identical ciphertext.
To encrypt data, CFS first XORs the data with a long (.5 Mbyte,
according to the paper) repeated psuedo-random mask.  The mask is
generated by running the cipher in OFB mode with one of the keys.
Then the result of the XOR is encrypted in ECB mode with the other
key.  (There's some other optional XORing that goes on as well---read
the paper).
The passphrase->key bit is based on SHS.  Take a look at new_pwcrunch
in getpass.c in your distribution.

@_date: 1996-06-28 09:54:04
@_author: eli+@gs160.sp.cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Grubor remailer? (Was Re: Lucifer remailer) 
DHP is "The DataHaven Project", a local (Pittsburgh) ISP "dedicated to
providing anonymous and/or private accounts for users."  The egregious
Law Doctor *could* be running the remailer, but there's no particular
reason to think so.
It might make a nice test case for the Pennsylvania anti-remailer law.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+ at cs.cmu.edu

@_date: 1996-06-29 13:44:16
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: crypto and bagpipes [NOISE] 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 27-Jun-96 Re: crypto and bagpipes
[NO.. by "Perry E. Metzger" Hmm... Carnegie Mellon University is the only school in the country with
a bagpipe major, you know. You haven't lived until you've heard a
screeching 'pipe at 3 am in front of Hunt Library.

@_date: 1996-06-29 13:57:52
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: News: NEC has encrypted networks ... 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 28-Jun-96 News: NEC has encrypted
net.. by Ernest Hua at XENON.chromat Realistically, there's not a chance in hell Pro-CODE will pass this
session. (Research question for cypherpunks: how many days left are
there in the legislative calendar?)

@_date: 1996-03-06 14:52:43
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Jump Start ecash With IPhone 
When thinking about ecash-supported net.telephony, consider the attached
FCC PETITIONED TO STOP MISUSE OF THE INTERNET!
WASHINGTON, March 4 /PRNewswire/ -- The America's Carriers
Telecommunication Association (ACTA), a trade association of
competitive, long distance carriers today petitioned the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) to stop companies from selling
software and hardware products that enable use of the Internet to
voice long distance services.
    A growing number of companies are selling software programs with
ancillary hardware options that enable a computer to transmit voice
conversations.  This, in fact, creates the ability to "by-pass" local,
long distance and international carriers and allows for calls to be
made for virtually "no cost."  For example, on-line service providers
generally charge users around $10.00 for five hours of access and then
around $3.00 for each additional hour.  Five hours equals 300 minutes,
divided by $10 is 3.3 cents per minute.  The average residential long
distance telephone call costs about 22 cents per minute or seven times
as much.
    The Internet is a unique form of wire communications. The rapid
growth of the Internet is stressing the capacities of the Internet
itself. The Internet access points are growing at 50% per month with
subscriber growth running close to 30% per month.  Individuals are
accessing the Internet for more and more business applications such as
market research, news, and advertising with corporate web sites
exploding, to say nothing about using the Internet for E- mail
    ACTA submits that it is incumbent upon the FCC to exercise
jurisdiction over the use of the Internet for unregulated interstate
and international telecommunications services.  Long distance and
international carriers must be approved by the FCC to operate and must
file tariffs before both the FCC and state public service commissions.
All of these requirements are stipulated in the Communications Act of
1934 and the Telecommunications Act of 1996.
    Technology may once again be surpassing government's ability to
control its proper use.  However, the misuse of the Internet as away
to "by-pass" the traditional means of obtaining long distance service
could result in a significant reduction of the Internet's ability to
transport its ever enlarging amount of data traffic. Therefore, ACTA
has petitioned the FCC to define the type of permissible
communications which may be effected over the Internet.
    America's Carriers Telecommunication Association was founded in
1985 by independent long distance companies to serve the needs of
small businesses and to advance the goals of more effective
competition. ACTA's membership today includes over 130 companies
engaged in providing telecommunications services.
CONTACT:  Charles H. Helein, general counsel, 703-714-1301, or Jennifer Durst-
Jarrell, executive director, 407-332-9382, both of America's Carriers
Telecommunication Association

@_date: 1996-03-07 09:38:00
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Zona Labs Was: Cambridge [MA] Cops Assault Mother for Photo 
This is only relevant to cypherpunks as it involves child porn hysteria
and abusive cops... Let me start by saying the attached message from
warwick.com is wildly incorrect:
  * Zona film labs employees did not lead the child away until
afterwards. The police grabbed Angeli, beat her, choked her -- while her
child was just a few feet away.
  * The mother flipped when the Cambridge cops said she was going to be
locked up and her child taken away.
  * The lamp was knocked over when the Cambridge cops wrestled her into
the back room.
  * Zona film lab employees willingly participated in this sting
operation and willingly lied to Angeli.
Last week, I went to Angeli's attorney's office and saw the
(unpublished) pictures that the Cambridge cops and Zona thought were
"child porn." They're not "child porn" -- any more than the similar
photos my grandparents have of me and my cousins naked in a bathtub when
we were three years old.
I urge you to check out Bob Chatelle's web site at
 which says what actually happened with the
Angeli case. I've attached an excerpt from his pages below.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 4-Mar-96 Re: Zona Labs  Was:
Cambrid.. by news at warwick.com    Toni Marie Angeli, for a Harvard photography course, decided to make     her four-year-old son Nico the subject of her final class project, The
   Innocence of a Child's Nudity. After discussing the project with her
   professor, Angeli began her project with a few shots of Nico and made    the fatal mistake of taking her roll of film to Zona Photographic Labs
   on Rogers Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The Zona owners were      "alarmed" and called the Cambridge police, who went to Zona, looked at
   contact sheets prepared by Zona without Angeli's authorization, and
   decided that the pictures were "gross." Zona and the Cambridge police
   set up a sting operation, requiring Zona employees to lie, so that the
   police could come to Zona and confront her about her "pornography"
   when she came to pick up her negatives. On November 2, Angeli went to
   Zona, accompanied by Nico and by her husband, Luke D'Ancona. An
   altercation ensued when Angeli realized why the police were there.
   Angeli was handcuffed, manhandled into a back room, beaten and choked.
   During the scuffle a lamp was knocked over, and a picture fell off the
   wall. A hollow core door was also damaged when Angeli kicked out as
   she was being escorted to the police van.
   Angeli was never charged with child pornography, but she was charged
   with disorderly conduct, malicious destruction of property under $250,
   and assault and battery with a dangerous weapon. (The police claimed     that Angeli threw the lamp.). Angeli's trial began on January 24,      1996, and a verdict was brought in on January 30. She was acquitted of
   the assault-and-battery charges, but convicted on the two other          counts. The judge sentenced her to pay damages, to 50 hours community
   service, and to 18 months of probation. Angeli refused to sign the       probation contract, stating that she wished to make no admission of
   guilt. The judge then sentenced her to 30 days at MCI Framingham. We    are currently trying to raise money to pay for her appeal.

@_date: 1996-03-07 09:53:15
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: PLEASE REPLY!! 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 6-Mar-96 PLEASE REPLY!! by Mike
McNally at dev.tivoli. Worse yet, the configuration is as screwed as the users' posts. Don't
bother replying to their messages...
   ----- The following addresses had delivery problems -----
  (unrecoverable
   ----- Transcript of session follows -----
... while talking to newsfeed.internetmci.com.:
<<< 550 ... User
550 ... User unknown

@_date: 1996-03-08 19:13:00
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: U.S. State Dept criticizes Chinese net-censorship 
The U.S. State Department's Human Rights Report for 1995 talks about restrictions on new media in China, pointing out that Internet access is now limited.
How ironic that the U.S. Government would report that "government limits
on Internet access" will harm the medium's growth -- while our _own_
government is imposing similarly suffocating regulations domestically. I draw small comfort from the fact that, as censors, we're not quite as
accomplished as those in China or Zambia:       U.S. State Department Human Rights Report
 In many respects, Chinese society continued to open up:  greater
 disposable income, looser ideological controls, and freer access to
 outside sources of information have led to greater room for individual
 choice, more diversity in cultural life, and increased media reporting.  Although the sale and use of satellite dishes are tightly regulated,
 satellite television broadcasts are widely available, particularly in   coastal areas.  Telephone and facsimile communication is also            extensively used.  In many cities, the introduction of commercial
 Internet service promoted access to international sources of              information.  At year's end, however, new government limits on Internet
 access threatened to halt the growth of Internet use.  In addition, new
 controls on reporting economic information introduced doubts about the
 Government's commitment to freedom of information.  Government control   of news media generally continues to depend on self-censorship to        regulate political and social content, but the authorities also          consistently penalize those who exceed the permissable.

@_date: 1996-03-09 03:13:19
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: LACC: TER_ror 
Bruce Tober is a generally good guy, but on copyright issues he's a
one-man net-police-bureau, filtering through various mailing lists for
suspected violations.
Bruce has a history of calling those whom he suspects misuse copyrighted
materials "copyright thieves" -- a term that I love, since it's so close
to the Church of Scientology's label of "copyright terrorists."
Sign me,
Declan McCullagh
Copyright Terrorist
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 8-Mar-96 Re: LACC: TER_ror by T
Bruce Tober at crecon.dem

@_date: 1996-03-09 18:52:15
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: FCC v. Internet Phone? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 8-Mar-96 FCC v. Internet Phone? by
Mutant Rob at unix.asb.com I was contacted by a reporter from the Boston Globe who plans to write
about it. Some net-publications have picked or soon will pick it up, I

@_date: 1996-03-09 23:37:01
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: hammers, crowbars and remailers & Leahy 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 8-Mar-96 hammers, crowbars and
remai.. by JFA T. QC, Canada at citene I don't think so, or at least I'd argue that it's not sufficient. I
think the legal concept is _scienter_, or "guilty knowledge." Is an
anonymous phone call sufficient to establish that?

@_date: 1996-03-10 00:29:07
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Artist self censorship (Was Chinese net-censorship) Noise 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Mar-96 Artist self censorship
(Was.. by Anonymous at REPLAY.COM Here's some info from  on the Angeli "child
porn" case that's going on now in Cambridge, MA. I was visiting Harvey
Silverglate's law offices last week and saw the photographs, and they're
anything but pornographic. They're essentially the same as the photos my
grandparents have of me and my cousins naked in the tub.
But that's cold comfort when you're locked up and doing time.    Toni Marie Angeli, for a Harvard photography course, decided to make
   her four-year-old son Nico the subject of her final class project, The
   Innocence of a Child's Nudity. After discussing the project with her
   professor, Angeli began her project with a few shots of Nico and made
   the fatal mistake of taking her roll of film to Zona Photographic Labs
   on Rogers Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The Zona owners were
   "alarmed" and called the Cambridge police, who went to Zona, looked at
   contact sheets prepared by Zona without Angeli's authorization, and
   decided that the pictures were "gross." Zona and the Cambridge police
   set up a sting operation, requiring Zona employees to lie, so that the
   police could come to Zona and confront her about her "pornography"
   when she came to pick up her negatives. On November 2, Angeli went to
   Zona, accompanied by Nico and by her husband, Luke D'Ancona. An
   altercation ensued when Angeli realized why the police were there.
   Angeli was handcuffed, manhandled into a back room, beaten and choked.
   During the scuffle a lamp was knocked over, and a picture fell off the
   wall. A hollow core door was also damaged when Angeli kicked out as
   she was being escorted to the police van.
   Angeli was never charged with child pornography, but she was charged
   with disorderly conduct, malicious destruction of property under $250,
   and assault and battery with a dangerous weapon. (The police claimed
   that Angeli threw the lamp.). Angeli's trial began on January 24,
   1996, and a verdict was brought in on January 30. She was acquitted of
   the assault-and-battery charges, but convicted on the two other
   counts. The judge sentenced her to pay damages, to 50 hours community
   service, and to 18 months of probation. Angeli refused to sign the
   probation contract, stating that she wished to make no admission of
   guilt. The judge then sentenced her to 30 days at MCI Framingham. We
   are currently trying to raise money to pay for her appeal.
   It now appears that Angeli's conviction was based on perjured
   testimony from Detective William Phillips.

@_date: 1996-03-10 00:44:12
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Petty Civil Disobedience 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Mar-96 Petty Civil Disobedience by
Damaged Justice at yakko.cs That's because of a few possible reasons:
 a) Portions of the CDA are enjoined from being enforced and we have a
legally-binding agreement with the DoJ covering the rest. So the fear of
prosecution is not great.
 b) We expect to win court challenge, so fear of prosecution is not great.
 c) Nobody seriously believes the government will prosecute people using
word "FUCK," so fear of prosecution is not great.
The CDA is overbroad, and must be struck down. But at the same time, the
DoJ initially would use it to go after those who have otherwise
Constitutionally-protected porn publicly-available online. (Obscenity is
already illegal.) I'd be more interested in tracking the actions of
owners of adult web sites and those with explicit sexual images...
Perhaps we should put up our own protest web sites with one or two
explicit sexual images as real civil disobedience?

@_date: 1996-03-12 04:17:45
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Petty Civil Disobedience 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Mar-96 Re: Petty Civil
Disobedience by jamesd at echeque.com jef at well.com ran into this with his nude-of-the-month page; the WELL
fixed it by throttling. (JEF is the guy who wrote thttpd)
PS: His page is at

@_date: 1996-03-12 14:29:59
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Cut the mystical artist crap. (No crypto relevance here) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 10-Mar-96 Re: Cut the mystical
artist.. by Brian Davis at thepoint.net *sigh* It was neither:
Ralph Waldo Emerson: "A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little
minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines. With
a great soul has simply nothing to do."

@_date: 1996-03-16 08:15:09
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: FCC-type Regulation of Cyberspace 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 15-Mar-96 Re: FCC-type Regulation of
.. by jamesd at echeque.com Thanks for clarifying. Now I know that Congress can pass a law muzzling
the New York Times Co., Inc.
More seriously, society accepts greater limitations on commercial
speech, and I don't find them nearly as odious as I do ones that
restrict political speech.

@_date: 1996-03-20 13:58:33
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Dorothy Denning attacks Leahy's crypto bill 
Since someone other than Jim Bell and THE LIST OF SHAME author thought I
was being serious, I thought it wise to respond.
The notion that a measure of criticism from a known enemy, Dorothy
Denning, corrects the many problems with Leahy's legislation is absurd.
As a case in point, remember that Rush Limbaugh, Catharine MacKinnon,
and the radical religious right group American Family Association
criticized the CDA. That does not make the CDA worth passing.
(Of course Rush likes dirtysexycybertalk so he can pick up chicks
online, and the AFA wanted not less, but _more_ liability for ISPs, but
I trust my point is clear.)
Speaking of the CDA, I'll be in Philadelphia tomorrow and Friday for the
hearing. Any other cypherpunks planning to attend?
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 20-Mar-96 [NOISE] Re: Dorothy
Denning.. by Alan Bostick at netcom.com

@_date: 1996-03-20 19:53:13
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: DEC_lan 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 18-Mar-96 DEC_lan  by John
Young at pipeline.com Thanks -- I wasn't sure if the story ever was going to run, since Doreen
interviewed me for it a month ago.
In other news, a dozen volunteer net.translators are just about done
with the English version of _Le Grand Secret_. I expect it'll appear on
my web site  when complete.

@_date: 1996-03-24 12:05:35
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA Court Challenge: Day #2 
The DoJ also quizzed Donna Hoffman about anonymous remailers. They
wanted to make sure that she wasn't an expert on them, had conducted no
studies of remailers, and had collected no statistics on their use.

@_date: 1996-03-25 14:37:53
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: LIST OF SHAME VOLUNTEERS 
I spoke to a couple folks about this at the CDA hearings in Philadelphia
last week. Word on the streets from those who would know is that the
Leahy Bill has NOT A CHANCE IN HELL of passing, and so is worth
supporting to raise awareness of crypto.
After DT and Clipper, it's our chance to put Clinton and the DoJ on the
defensive for a change.

@_date: 1996-03-26 00:16:00
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: LIST OF SHAME VOLUNTEERS 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 25-Mar-96 Re: LIST OF SHAME
VOLUNTEERS by Black Unicorn at schloss.li Especially since there are only -- how many? -- 40 or 50 days left in
this legislative session.
It's too late, I fear. Today's article in the NYT, for instance, doesn't
exactly help keep this issue quiet.

@_date: 1996-03-26 05:43:27
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? (Was List O' , shame) 
Excerpts from mail: 25-Mar-96 So, what crypto legislation.. by Simon
Spero at tipper.oit.u Leahy's bill will not pass. Period. However, with the introduction of
this legislation comes a chance to get _our side_ heard by the unwired.

@_date: 1996-03-27 00:21:21
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: LIST OF SHAME VOLUNTEERS 
Excerpts from mail: 25-Mar-96 Re: LIST OF SHAME VOLUNTEERS by
jamesd at echeque.com I disagree. We can let our opponents exclusively dictate the terms of
the debate, or we can let our view (and the truth) be heard.

@_date: 1996-03-29 19:25:26
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: New crypto bill to be introduced 
At CFP today, we heard about a new crypto bill being introduced
tomorrow, which will be similar to Leahy's bill with the
crypto-being-used-in-furtherance-of-crime portion removed and an
explicit no-government-mandated-escrow provision added.
John Gilmore asked wonderful questions after the moot Supreme Court session.
We have put our "List of Shame" numbers on our nametags.

@_date: 1996-03-29 19:48:49
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: PolicyMaker paper available 
I now work from a paperless office and find postscript an "obscure
printer code".  It has taken an annoying amount of hacking to view this
postscript file on my PC.
On the strength of this recomendation I did the hacking and make it
available for the "convenience" of others in the same boat.
This page consists on Matt's original message plus 10 inline gif images
of about 40Kb each.  Clumsy but effective.
Ted Anderson

@_date: 1996-03-30 06:27:14
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: New crypto bill to be introduced 
Two observations:
* Jim Bell would be unduly suspicious if _anyone_ introduced a crypto
bill in Congress. I'm not surprised that here on conspiracypunks someone
would be raising alarums without knowing what they're talking about.
* Jim Bell says we're "overdoing it on this 'List of Shame' thing." Not
at all -- we're proud to be on it! And you, Jim Bell, are one of my
primary suspects for authorship.
Excerpts from cypherpunks: 28-Mar-96 Re: New crypto bill to be i.. by
jim bell at pacifier.com comes out...)

@_date: 1996-03-31 04:18:09
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: New crypto bill to be introduced 
A few responses to Jim Bell:
* Why would Sen. Burns introduce *this* particular crypto bill? Would
you believe that he wanted to appear cyber-clueful and net-friendly, but
didn't know exactly how to do that -- so certain people suggested that
this bill would be an appropriate way to do it?
* Why would Sen. Burns introduce this particular bill *now*? One word: CFP.
No, the primary reason for anonymity is to avoid being *associated* with
one's name. I know this may be attributing an undeserved sense of
precedence, but perhaps Jim Bell has realized that his opinions are
discarded out-of-hand by many on this list, so he posts anonymously to
regain some credibility. A message from anonymous would also work nicely
to reinforce his own position, allowing Jim Bell to claim additional
Anyway, last night I sat next to Dorothy Denning on the bus to the EFF
Pioneer Awards reception and dinner, and we chatted for about 20
minutes. She's a sweet old lady -- I can't think of anyone with whom
it's easier to agree to disagree. I asked her what she thought of a
number of people -- on Tim May she said: "Let's not talk about that."
She also said she's educating a House committee about crypto next week

@_date: 1996-04-01 03:01:03
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: SNI_ffs 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 30-Mar-96 SNI_ffs  by John
Young at pipeline.com My panel at CFP had a former and a current AUSA on it, and we were
chatting before it started. They were quite proud of this bust and
saw it as an example of a "civil liberties friendly" investigation
they can hold up to rebut charges of violation of due process, illegal
wiretaps, and so on. (Both DoJers were involved in this case, which
was handled by the Boston office.)
One gave me the impression the DoJ had to develop custom hardware and
software for this "Internet wiretap" done without Harvard's direct

@_date: 1996-05-01 16:49:44
@_author: Michael Loomis 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 28-Apr-96 Re: CryptoAnarchy: What's
w.. by s1113645 at tesla.cc.uottaw                                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^    This explains far more of the rhetoric on this mailing list than
anything I could possibly write:  the young libertarians having lived
their teenage years alone in their bedrooms listening to heavy metal
music or Rush or Sisters of Mercy through headphones in order to not
disturb their fathers and masturbating looking at porno pics and
imagining the chicks think just like Ayn Rand have now reached the adult
stage in which they don't have to use headphones, they can admit they
hate their father, they don't have to pay taxes, and they can spend most
of their lives in front of a computer.
Michael Loomis
"Tax Collector Want to Be for the Welfare State"

@_date: 1996-05-02 16:24:08
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Freedom and security 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 1-May-96 Re: Freedom and security by Black Unicorn at schloss.li The parade of horrors, aka the four (or more) horsemen of the
infocalypse, is a common fear tactic used by those who would to restrict
our liberties. The family values groups employed this to great effect
during the CDA debate.
And as Jim Ray noted, talk is cheap. While the CyberAngels may claim to
be against the CDA, the cynic in me says they have to be against it --
even fewer people would take them seriously if they were for it.
But I don't recall them doing any _campaiging_ against it.
In fact, riding in on those horsemen is a central part of their
strategy. After all, if pedophiles/terrorists/child pornographers didn't
exist, no need for the CyberAngels, hmm?
PS: Eric Freedman of Hofstra Law School has a wonderful article in an
upcoming Iowa Law Review about the death of the "obscenity" standard. I
think a similar argument can be applied to child porn.

@_date: 1996-05-02 16:34:59
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Lolitas and Cyber Angels 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 1-May-96 Re: Lolitas and Cyber
Angels by Will French at interport.ne Yep, criminalize the act, not a photo of it.
While it may be impolite to look at photos of Nicole and Ron, we
shouldn't criminalize the mere possession of them.

@_date: 1996-05-02 17:24:47
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 1-May-96 Re: CryptoAnarchy: What's
w.. by Michael Loomis at andrew.cm I can confirm this. Michael and I have had many an argument about taxes.
I tend to approach the argument from a libertarian perspective.
He, on the other hand, thinks the current tax setup is just about right,
and is a fan of the IRS.
Not kidding,

@_date: 1996-05-04 02:13:28
@_author: Michael Loomis 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 2-May-96 Re: CryptoAnarchy: What's
w.. by Black Unicorn at schloss.li No tax system will ever been perfect, but  income taxation is a good
system of taxation.  Income taxation inevitably requires some accounting
costs, but these costs should be going down with advances in computing
technology and other technology.  The goal should be to minimize these
costs.  I would further suggest it is remarkably childish to think that
a political system will not cause some unfairness in the tax code,
because it is the nature of democracy to generate some unfairness.  As
long as the unfairness is kept within reasonable bounds as in the case
of the 1986 tax reform, I don't see that this unfairness as a killing
objection to income taxation.  Of course, unlike most of the readership
of this list, I believe that democracy is a good thing.
The one concession that I will make is the possibility that crypto
technologies could make income taxation an adventure in unfairness and
ultimately futility.  While, I prefer income taxation, VATs or sales
taxes are an acceptable subsitute and one can certainly run a reasonable
sized government on them.  Outside of crypto-cyber-carrots, I have
strong doubts that crypto of any form or sophistication will be able to
circumvent consumption taxation.  Consumption taxation would, of course,
include a tax on the amount of information coming into your computer.  I
don't think that the government will have any problem determining the
quantity of the information & since it will be encrypted anyway, I don't
see the privacy worries.
Michael Loomis
"La haine de l'autorite' est le fle'au de nos jours."  Joseph de Maistre

@_date: 1996-05-05 06:00:19
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: PICS & CyberAngels 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 3-May-96 PICS & CyberAngels by "E.
ALLEN SMITH" Indeed. Under SafeSurf, I've rated the fight-censorship mailing list
archive site as suitable for all ages, which I believe it is, though the
CyberAngels think otherwise. I wonder what will happen now? SafeSurf is
supposedly sending me "an end-user license agreement" to sign...

@_date: 1996-05-07 14:46:14
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: The FBI/NSA's new escrow argument, DC crypto panel 
I just came back from the Online Services Industry conference held today
in Washington, DC at the Georgetown Four Seasons. It was very much a DC
thing, organized by Congressmen Jack Fields and Rick White (of the
Internet Caucus).
The fourth panel was "Law Enforcement and Encryption in Cyberspace,"
with this set of characters:
 * Edward Allen, supervisory special agent/section chief, FBI
 * Clinton Brooks, advisor to the director, NSA
 * Dorothy Denning, professor, Georgetown University
 * Bruce Heiman, attorney, Preston Gates Ellis & Rouvelas Meeds
 * Jim Lucier, director of economic research, Americans for Tax Reform
 * Marc Rotenberg, director, EPIC
I was expecting fireworks, or at least a few sparks, but the panel
fizzled. Both sides recounted the same threadbare policy positions we've
heard for years, with one exception: the Administration's new argument
against lifting crypto export controls.
Allen and Brooks claimed that "there needs to be a balanced approach,"
arguing that other nations are relying on the U.S. to maintain export
restrictions to prevent it from falling into the grasping fingers of
overseas terrorists. (And yes, they mentioned child pornographers too.)
The FBI's Allen said: "We have talked to our foreign law enforcement
counterparts who are concerned with exporting strong crypto. Crime is
increasing internationally... There is not an international free market
for crypto. To a great degree, other nations have been relying on U.S.
export controls to maintain stasis. What bothers me about efforts being
proposed legally is that we're moving forward without understanding what
we're getting into... The efforts can go to order or chaos. We're in a
period where it could go to chaos."
Denning recounted the tale of a New York state police bust that seized a
computer with PGP, but no files were encrypted: "They hadn't used it. It
was too much trouble." She said that if PGP is more "integrated," more
criminals will use it. "We need to balance interests and provide for
legitimate law enforcement access. Many businesses are supportive of
this," said Denning.
After Rotenberg and the other half of the panel rebutted, Brock Meeks
asked the first question: Isn't it possible that the government may
eventually ban non-third-party escrowed crypto, in a compromise move?
The FBI's Allen ducked, clumsily. Meeks pressed and Brooks from the NSA
allowed: "Over time, if there are advocates and society says we have to
go further then we may have to."

@_date: 1996-05-07 15:42:13
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Police tactics question 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 6-May-96 Police tactics question by
"E. ALLEN SMITH" According to Bruce "Comstock was an amateur" Taylor, it's only legal for
the Feds to let child porn out of their hands if they can monitor it.
That is, they can let the postman deliver it to you, but they'll lie in
wait and grab you when you tear open the envelope.

@_date: 1996-05-09 14:58:30
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: IP network #s in france 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 8-May-96 IP network  in france by
sameer at c2.org Yeah, check out the thread on fight-censorship
( about how the French
paramilitary police arrested two local ISP-businessmen 'cuz their news
spools had alt.sex.pedophilia and whatnot.
I spoke with someone from the French embassy today about this. They say
it was in the course of a child porn investigation. More to come later.

@_date: 1996-05-11 12:16:36
@_author: eli+@GS160.SP.CS.CMU.EDU 
@_subject: Transitive trust and MLM 
I'm not happy with the independence assumption.  Let's say I create a
keypair, put "president at whitehouse.gov" in the name field, and try to
get people to sign it as valid.  (I don't know what you're asserting
when you sign a key, but I'd say you're at least binding the key to
the name and address attached to it.)
Each signature has an /a priori/ probability p of correctly indicating
validity, but these probilities are not independent at all: this key
isn't valid, period.  If one certifying signature is incorrect, all
others on the same key must be, and vice versa -- about as correlated
as they come.
There are two separate problems:
1) key reachability -- do I think I can trust this key?
2) key validity -- is this key really okay?
The graph reachability problem asks whether there exists a valid path.  This is what you want for the key reachability problem.  But the key
validity problem should be asking whether all paths are valid; a
single invalid path to me (posing as the Prez, remember) means that I
get to read your mail to Bill (big deal, eh?).  So you'd need to turn
it around, and ask whether there exists an invalid path.  From your
use of "1-p" for the probability, you may have been thinking along
these lines already.
So an edge (u,v) in G indicates that u trusts v.  With probability q = 1-p, Mallet is able to fool v.  That is, Pr[(u,v) in G'] = q.
Then we ask whether there's a path from s to t in G' -- that is, from
you to the key you pulled off the net.  If one exists, you lose.  To limit transitivity, constrain the path length.  This limits key
reachability too, but I think we agree that it's essential in the real
world.  (It should also make the math simpler!)  The model generalizes
to non-binary conceptions of trust, but I don't think these can
rehabilitate transitivity.  Hmm, there are some possible approaches,
These probabilities q are somewhat dependent: if I'm smart about whom
I trust, all of the q_(me, v) values will be somewhat lower, and vice
versa.  I think they're mostly independent, though.  But this is an
improvised model; poke holes in it.

@_date: 1996-05-14 13:51:46
@_author: eli+@GS160.SP.CS.CMU.EDU 
@_subject: Transitive trust and MLM 
In article <+cmu.andrew.internet.cypherpunks+UlYwNe:00UfAM107VG at andrew.cmu.edu>
To determine key validity, you do have to consider all paths.  If a
single trusted path to the bad key exists, the attacker wins.
Milgram's "small world" experiments used a much looser sort of "link"
than we want here.  It would be certainly interesting to know how
large a difference this makes.
Gee, let me guess which group you're in... I'll go with "people I want
to talk to" versus "people I don't want to talk to", thanks.
It's true that you don't need to talk to everybody.  The problem is
that I might want to talk to people whom I don't know personally, but
know by reputation, or by function ("DEA Rat Hotline" -- well, maybe

@_date: 1996-05-15 13:29:25
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Notes from the SF Physical Cypherpunks meeting 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 14-May-96 [NOISE] Re: Notes from the
.. by "Peter Trei" I have some info on current Swedish legislative proposals at

@_date: 1996-05-18 12:57:39
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: (legal) Re: CDA Dispatch #10: Last Day in Court 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 15-May-96 Re: (legal) Re: CDA
Dispatch. by Michael Froomkin at law.mia Speaking of appeals, I've been thinking about what happens with the CDA.
Okay, so we have two court cases going on, the Shea v. Reno case in NYC
and the coalition lawsuits combined in Philly.
What happens if the DoJ loses both the NYC and Philly cases and (as they
said they would) appeals to the Supreme Court. Won't they take the
weaker of the two cases, which is Shea's?
And what happens if we win but Shea loses -- does the DoJ appeal in
Philly and Shea appeals in NYC?
If we lose, does our appeal automatically go to the Supreme Court? The
language in the statute is unclear here -- it only specifices what
happens when the law is declared unconstitutional. But if it isn't,
can't the DoJ argue that our appeal should go to the Third Circuit

@_date: 1996-05-18 13:33:49
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 15-May-96 Re:  SEVERE undercapacity,
.. by Hal at shell.portal.com Has anyone considered how the online copyright legislation being
considered in the House and the Senate may affect anonymous remailers?
There are some interesting provisions, such as requiring the provider of
a service or a network to take steps including "removing, disabling, or
blocking access to the material claimed to be infringing."
Also, each ISP would have to register an agent with the U.S. Copyright
Office to accept service, etc.
By my reading, anonymous remailers don't follow into the "local
exchange, trunk line, or backbone" provisions of the law.
The legislation likely will move through Congress largely intact -- at
least that's the reading I got from the House judiciary subcommittee

@_date: 1996-05-20 11:45:29
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, a political "newsgroup?" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 19-May-96  by anonymous-remailer at shell Hah! Most everything that's discussed here has political overtones. I,
for one, appreciated in the info on the Burmese businessman and
forwarded it to fight-censorship. I'll link it in to
 when I get a chance.

@_date: 1996-05-21 17:23:28
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Feds Web Crypto 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 20-May-96 Feds Web Crypto by
anonymous-remailer at shell Speaking of the Washinton Post, if anyone wants to try out their web
site, which is in beta test right now, go to:
Username: wash
Password: post

@_date: 1996-05-21 17:29:22
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 20-May-96 Re: SEVERE undercapacity,
w.. by "E. ALLEN SMITH" ultimate-output ends.
Actually, in addition to Germany behind hostile, I believe that a bunch
of Scientos were locked up in Spain recently...
Funny that. I was talking to one of the CoS vice presidents last week,
who told me she just returned from a half year in Spain. :)

@_date: 1996-05-21 17:42:30
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Interactive Week exclusive - White House to launch "Clipper III" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 18-May-96 Interactive Week exclusive
.. by Will Rodger at interramp.co Kudos to Will for running this story. Today I snagged a copy of the
White Paper, which comes with 12 pages of tortured crypto-justifications
and 12 pages of appendices, with darling hierarchial diagrams of how
U.S. and foreign certification authorities will interact. (Hint: The
PAA, or Policy Approving Authority, is at the root of each country's or
region's certification hierarchy.)
It's very anti-anonymity: "Without a KMI of trusted certifying
authorities, users cannot know with whom they are dealing on the
And not very cypherpunkly: "A number of principles need to be accepted
by government, industry and other users... Self escrow will be permitted
under specific circumstances. The escrow agent must meet performance
requirements for law enforcement access."
Basically, what the White Paper does is pay lip service to free market
competition and suggests loads of government/industry initiatives, but
it's always with the gummit wearing the steel gauntlet beneath the felt
gloves. It concludes by promising industry a transition into unlimited
key-lengthy export, provided they follow the rules:
"As trusted partners, industry and government can share expertise and
tackle intractable problems such as the insecure operating system. In
times past, the cryptographic algorithm was the core of the solution:
now it is the easy part. The debate over algorithms and bit lengths
should end: it is time for industry and govenrments to work together to
secure the GII in such a way that does not put the world at risk."

@_date: 1996-05-21 17:56:17
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 20-May-96 Re: SEVERE undercapacity,
w.. by "E. ALLEN SMITH" ultimate-output ends.
Germany is the first one that comes to mind.

@_date: 1996-05-22 11:10:01
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: NIST Draft Key Escrow Paper 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 21-May-96 Re: NIST Draft Key Escrow
P.. by Declan McCullagh at well.co I have it on *very* good authority :) that EPIC will have the draft
white paper on their web site by this evening.

@_date: 1996-05-23 01:02:11
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: FTC online workshop on privacy 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 22-May-96 FTC online workshop on
privacy by "E. ALLEN SMITH" Speaking of privacy and cypherpunkly interests, one bill that seems to
have grown out of the FTC's recent interest in the area will be
introduced in two hours.
The legislation being introduced at 10:30 am will restrict selling
mailing lists with childrens' names and other identifying info on them,
including email lists. Another attempt to regulate the net, or a good
Supporting is Christian Coalition, Family Research Council, Enough is
Enough!, Bruce "I wrote the CDA" Taylor's group, and EPIC.
I'm not sure what I think of it, since I just got the text of the
legislation yesterday.

@_date: 1996-05-23 08:49:27
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: FTC online workshop on privacy 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 22-May-96 Re: FTC online workshop on
.. by Declan McCullagh at CMU.EDU Whoops. I should have said the press conference happened at 10:30 am.
The bill will be introduced in both houses later this  week.
Interesting press conference. Enough is Enough! took quite a bit of time
to rant about the dangers of the Internet. Pedophiles, chat rooms,
illegal pornography.
You get the idea.
Did you know May 20-26 is "Safe Cyber Week?"

@_date: 1996-05-23 15:30:38
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: FTC online workshop on privacy 
Excerpts from cypherpunks: 22-May-96 Re: FTC online workshop on .. by
"E. ALLEN SMITH" disappointed in
You shouldn't be, and I should have been more clear. There is a broad
coalition of groups supporting this legislation, including (from memory)
the Kids off Lists! project, Center for Media Education, and Consumer
Federation of America.
I'm putting together a writeup of the press conference today and the
language of the bill. More on this later tonight.

@_date: 1996-05-24 00:21:26
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: FTC online workshop on privacy 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 23-May-96 Re: FTC online workshop on
.. by Shabbir J. Safdar at vtw.or More to the point, the left and the right come together on privacy issues.
Remember the Christian Coalition's take on national ID cards? "Mark of
the Beast!" (Does anyone have an original cite for this? I also recall
the CC opposing Clipper...)

@_date: 1996-05-25 15:38:31
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Children's Privacy Act 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 24-May-96 Re: Children's Privacy Act
by "E. ALLEN SMITH" over; it
I won't argue that.
But I tend to think of my (and individual) privacy rights as ones that
should receive greater attention than a businesses "privacy rights." If
they have mailing list info on me, I'd like to know where they got it.

@_date: 1996-05-28 07:57:59
@_author: L. Jean Camp 
@_subject: The Anti-Briefing... 
Excerpts from espam: 24-May-96 Re: The Anti-Briefing... by
e$pam at intertrader.com I would like to point out that these things will almost certainly not
save the lives of mothers and babies and were sure as fuck not intented
to protect women & children.  Clue in, in places where all sex outside
marraige is illegal being a victim of rape is a crime.  It is rapist
protection.   The banning of alcohol was used to remove children from
the homes of 'unfit' immigrant families.  It was about 'culture wars' &
racial purity.  Drug test are proposed to refuse people benefits (sorry
your mom's a pothead kid -- so now your going to be HOMELESS!)  Then
when this kind of propaganda works, women end up fighting idiots who buy
_into_ the idea that _we_ caused the problem and thereby preventing more
effective action. You do not need to vomit DoD crap about children.  You aren't helping
anyone but the DoD. Get a half a clue -- if they wanted to protect
children they could support funds for housing, food, and health care for
families. Five kids a day die from violence from the hands of their parents.  The
infant mortality rate in DC is twice what it is in Havana. I'm sure
those kids are really happy that they do not have to worry about
cryptography or seeing naked people on the  Internet.  Yeah, these are
the important issue today for America's children -- NOT.
I hope that you do not seriously buy that crap about prohibition of
crypto (or porn or pot, etc) being about "protecting children."  All
that line does is separate otherwise effective advocates of freedom - - if you're bitching about women & children you're not fighting the NSA
and it will keep you from working effectively with anyone in the
and other not entirely trivial political groups.

@_date: 1996-11-01 12:53:25
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Sliderules, Logs, and Prodigies 
What's there to reject in "Yeah, I'm happy with what I want, so fuck
you?" (Which is essentially what this reclaming stuff is). Of course,
I see nothing wrong with rejecting postmodernist intellectuals :-) but
they have stolen some good ideas.
Let's not forget memoizing, either. Kinda space ineficient, but with a
decent virtual memory system you can cache perviously-used solutions
and go real fast. Hmmm, like, say you were for some reason trying to
factor a multitude of large composites. Precomputing everything would
probably be rather inefficient, but once you've factords something,
why throw it away? (I knew there would be some crypto relevance in
here :-)
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-01 14:13:11
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Moneychangers and Shylocks 
Not that you can really know... I have been to East Africa (Tanzania),
and have seen the conditions of both the rich, the poor, and the
rural. First off, it's at best difficult to compare happiness. I mean,
at the extreme you have the Taoist philosophy that happiness is
constant, which has more than a kernel of truth to it. If you're
living out in the sticks, you don't expect to live past 35, so what's
the biggie if you don't? However, I'm not quite that nihilist, and so
I try to make some judgements about who is happier than who.
To start off with, you say you want the chance of getting a "better"
life. Here there's some difficulty in defining a reasonable chance.
The chance of someone in a Dar Es Salaam shanty being able to move
into better accomodations in the city is zero. Really, truly, zero.
Those who are in power have no interest in letting somone take their
power away. The elite is closed. The best that a shanty resident can
do is hope to be able to support one more child. (This is not as
unimportant as it might seem to some westerners. It's a big thing to
have many {male} children in most of Africa.) So, it could be argued
that the presence of wealth just taunts the underclass in that sort of
My impression was that rural folks are the happier. They have a more
supportive society, less crime, and don't really have much of a
shorter lifespan thant the city folk.
Not true. "Society" has passed through Africa many times, the people
revert to their previous ways.
But that's the only way it hapens in the third world. The only time
foreign aid is not gutted by corrupt beaurocrats is when the
Westerners go there and manage the projects themselves. This is quite
different from a loan.
Heh, have you ever *seen* a third world factory 10 years after it was
built. Nice bit of scap, that.
I dunno, pearls befre swine still applies. It's not that I think
lending is bad, but large economic development loans to thrild world
countries continue to support corruption and oppression, and not much
else. "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-02 11:27:43
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Moneychangers and Shylocks 
Once they run out of ammunition... Really, most weapons in the more
primitave parts of africa haf about 3 rounds of ammunition for them.
The bands of AK-welding poachers and the like are paramilitary groups
supported by professional poaching operations or they're fighting some
"benefactor" nation's dirty little wars for them. The media
representation is quite skewed, as is usually the case.
I'd like to hear more about this. Can you send me/.the list some info?
Given the nature of many of these governments, privately-owned
factories are a no-no.
There is no or little infrastructure to support large-scale private
lending in most African nations. THe government wants its 20% cut, or
the currency must be exchanged at artificial rates, or you must meet
rediculous regulatory requirements. And most of these governments are
not above making large amounts of people dissapear if they don't
follow the rules.
But to a large extent we agree. Private lending can be a very Good
Thing. However, given the current regulatory practices in many African
(and I assume most third world) nations, large-scale private lending
is not a viable solution. I mean, it really is a morass. Everyone has
to work within the system (this includes those wealthy enough to
ignore the laws and bribe their way through), and the system tends to
be large, cumbersome, and astoundingly slow.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-07 04:39:34
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Censorship in Western Australia 
Probably the worst misspelling of unsuvr, sunsubs, unscrib.. oh, you
know, that i've seen to date. Lotsa bits in that stego...
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-07 14:07:57
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Well, once I've got my strong crypto and electronic commerce, and 20
or so virtual identities to do things for me, and the gub'ment can't
tell what money I'm making and spending, so they can't tax me. So if
they can't tax me, and they can't tax lots of folks, then they can't
pay their jack-booted thugs. So the goverment becomes irrelevant. It
can't support a huge police state infrastructure, and certainly can't
but mega-crays to break my crypto, so how're they going to retain
When we say anarchy, we mean anarchy.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-08 08:31:39
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Peter's point: If everyone in the US wants a ban on strong crypto,
excepth the people on this list and the million-odd terrorists who are
using strong crypto to murder, rape, pillage, etc., then strong crypto
will be banned.
If I understarn your point, Peter, you are correct. However, there
probably won't be thousands of terrorist folks who can't be caught
because of their expert use of strong crypto. I mena, half the mad
bombers in the US try to get their deposit back on the vans that they
used to blow up buildings. Do you think these people will be able to
effectively use crypto?
Furthermore, terrorrim and etc do not depend upon secure
communications to work. People tend to be able to talk face-to-face in
isolated environs, this is just as effective as a good public-key
cryptosystem. Crypto won't suddenly protect the types of people who
are professional killers/terrorists from scrutiny. It meerly would
allow them to communicate securely over distances of more than 10
feet. This, IMO, is not much of a win for them.
So, you're right. Given the proper conditions, strong crypto could
probably be mostly stopped. However, these conditions are quite
unlikely to arise.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-12 08:15:15
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: Black markets vs. cryptoanarchy 
This concluding paragraph got me to thinking of something I read
recently in "Bionomics" [1] about the public education problem.  The
point being made there is that injecting even a little real competition
into a monopoly situation improves things tremendously.  It is the
counter argument to the objection that allowing students choice of
schools will destroy the majority, as the "good" kids flee.  What will
happen instead is that most schools, seeing imminient flight, will take
measures to avoid losing students (and taking their tuition with them).
A few, that really can't adapt in time, fail and their students are
forced to seek other schools.  The result is that all schools, even
"public" schools improve dramatically.
It seems to me that the government as a whole may be subject to this
same force.  If cryptoanarchy can inject even a little real competition
into the business of government (in the "providing services crucial to a
civilized society" sense) it may succeed, even if few people actually
use bona fide cryptoanarchical tools.  If this is true, we can expect
existing government organizations to try to improve to avoid extinction
(some will doubtless try other things besides improvement).  Perhaps the
US Postal Service is a leading indicator of this process.  This suggests
that the transition to cryptoanarchy may be rather gradual and peaceful
after all.
Ted Anderson
I'm still behind on cypherpunks, so apologies if this response is dated.
[1]

@_date: 1996-11-15 10:13:21
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Mounting Crypted directories on Multiuser Machines. 
Umm, I guess you could make mount setuid root or something. Is this
just a linux thing? But wait, there's more.  There's nothing to prevent root from grabbing your password when you
log in. Root can see *everything.*
If a user on the system has your password, they can edit your .login
to give them your filesystem password. If they have the root password,
well, you're screwed.
AKAIK, the only benefit od encrypted drives is that the sysadmin
cannot be forced to reveal the contents of the drive (5th amendment
and all). You could do the same thing on a multiuser system by having
one encrypted partition, and making symlinks from each user's
directory to their directy in the encrypted drive. This would be a bit
more efficient, I think.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-15 12:11:55
@_author: Adam Gulkis 
@_subject: ideal secure personal computer system 
a locked startup disk is not a good idea, if it is even possible.
Most applications setup scratch space on the startup volume.  It would
be a better idea to setup a partition for applications and lock it, if
you feel that is necessary.  Norton DiskLock is a nice tool that
provides a startup password protection as well as screensaver
password.  It will request a password if the machine sleeps or to
reboot after a crash.
A. Gulkis

@_date: 1996-11-15 19:23:57
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: ideal secure personal computer system 
It is possible, although it does break things, for example ResEdit and
AppleTalk. Then again, locking a disk doesn't gain you much security.
A good locking screen saver is essential, however, a driver level
password checker (which is what I assume Norton is) is not that
helpful. "Look ma! I stole Adam Gulkis's hard disk, now the secrets of the
 screaming viking lie open before me!" "That's nice dear, why don't you pop it in the machine and show your
 father?" "Okay  Awww, Jeez, he used Norton
 DiskLock, I can't mount the drive."
"Here's a Silverlining disk, just 'update' the driver."
"Aw, thanks mom!"
You really do need to encrypt the drive, otherwise methods such as
replacing the drivers or reading the disk with a microscope will
extract the data quite easily.
A friend of mine just got back from a kerberos conferance at MIT, at
dinner one night they were talking about fun-n-easy ways to extract
data from a machine. One of them mentioned that after a while, a "on"
bit in RAM tends to leak out onto the surrounding sillicon, providing
a record of your memory. I'd imagine that your PGP passphrase sitting
in one location in memory for a few days would burn itself in pretty
good. The solution to this problem is to invert your RAM every once in
a while, so each bit is on and off for about the same amount of time.
I wonder if it'd be possible to build a device that goes between your
motherboard and your SIMMs that would invert and decode your RAM. I
could see wierd timing issues popping up, but I don't know enought
about OSes and computer architecture to know.
Of course, no computer is "secure" without a thermite charge above the
hard drive, and a tamper-resistant case.
"Well, Billy, the Sevret Service is here, they want to take away your
 computer (and telephone, and cassette tapes ,and etc.)"
"Okay, mom. It's right over here, Mr. Scarry Secret Service dude."
 "Ffffffts"
"Hey, Billy, what's that smoke coming out of your computer?" "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-16 16:00:45
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Remailer Pricing 
Umm, okay, great. So we eliminate all the spam, all the harrassment,
all the frivolous anonymous mail, everyone who uses anon remailers as
a matter of course, and what do you get? One message slowly going
through the system, tracked every step of the way by . Message reordering doesn't help much with one message. The
remailer net *needs* traffic. Preventing spammers is one thing,
discouraging use of remailers in general is another.
I suggest that US$.15 to US$.05 per message would be quite reasonable
compensation. The price can't be high enough to make people think
about it, unless they're going to send lots of messages.
This pricing strategy would greatly serve the cause of traffic
analysis. There has to be enought delay to collect enought messages to
do some reordering. You could send out bogus messages, but iy wouldn't
be too too difficult to track them far enough to see that they don't
go anywhere interesting.
That's why you would PGP encrypt the cash. "Trust? What's that, I've
got (ta da) STRONG CRYPTO!"
If remailer prices were trivial, I don't think this would happen.
Besides, chaingin blows this away. The only time an ad gets delivered
to a person is when the advertising remailer delivers it to its final
destination. Interesting... those interested in not having to put lots of effort
into management operate internal-only remailers, those interested in
making a buck operate termious-only remailers...
Whee. Diversity. The species evolves.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-16 17:15:56
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: "Strong" crypto and export rule changes. 
Umm, I'm not expert, but it seems to me that the proposal removes the
"munitions" classification. It seems the USG has removed its defense
in court chanllenges to export restrictions. Am I totally off-base
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-17 21:13:08
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: HP announcing some International Cryptography stuff on Monday 
So what if the "license" is really the key? Sure, it would be
possible to generate your own kwys, but it's possible to export strong
crypto. Large commercial interests tend not to want to run afoul of
the USG. "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-18 22:26:11
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Extreme Left/Right 
I prefer the 2 dimentional spectrum (the libretarians tend to push
this) that l;ooks more like this:
                (fucking) Statist
           Left                   Right
                   Anarchist
The statist-anarchist (the lidretarians use "libretarian" instead of
"anarchist") scale is dependant on the centralization of power, and the
left-right scale has to do with the amount of collectivism.
So, the extremem of leftist-statis would be a socialist monarchy
(think China), whereas leftist anarchist societies (like the commune I
lived in last summer) are also possible. To round it out, there's
right(ist? wing?) statist, like say pre-revolution France, and
right(ist/wing) anarchist, which is what most people think of as
anarchy, I guess.
As you hint at in your post, the simple right-left scale is totally
inadequate to describe political beliefs. I think that the one you're
using was created by folks who wanted to demonize leftists.
Hope I did.
Yeah, personally, I'm a moderate-left anarchist. It seems to me that
most folks on this list are rightist anarchist. While our desired
furute worlds are not the same, they are completely compatible as
there is no central power to enforce an economic model on the citizen-
units. Our methods to achieving our goals are also quite similar.
Hope this helps,
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-18 22:56:13
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: The Utility of Privacy 
I, too, have been rather confused by the responses. I considered
replying as soon as I saw your(?) original post, but figred that my
views would probably already sitting on someone else's mail spool, so
didn't add a "me too" to the list. Unfortunatly, no one has presented
a clear outline, so here goes.
Protection of your privacy
   From "valid" authorities
       You may not trust your government/police/employer to deal
       with your speech/actions in a way that you find acceptable.
       This is kinda the "dark horse" of provacy, since it allows
       the four horsemen to spred porn and serin across the land.
       However, there are many reasons to not trust the gov't. Maybe
       you sell post to cancer patients. Many people would not
       condem your actions, but the DEA would. This also encompases
       the argument of insurance from political revolution which has
       been much dwellt on. (Is dwellt a word?)
   protection from "criminal" elements
      This is typically the argumnet given by econoists and the like.
      You want to protect your CC # and other personal info. Also,
      those posters to alt.sexual.abuse.recovery might want to protect
      their identities.
Protection of the privacy of others
   So, say you don't care if some high school d00d3z clean out your
   bank account and the MeesePolice imprison you for posession of
   _Arabina Nights_. Using techniques to protect your banal infor-
   mation also protects those with something to hide. Take, for
   example, anonymous remailers. Assuming you encrypt and chain and
   all that Good Stuff, the bad guys can't tell your post to cypher-
   punks asking why you should protect your privacy from Bob's post
   to alt.blacknet giving the location of all US nuke sites. If no
   one except those with someting to hide protected their identity,
   then it would be an easy thing to (under a slightly more oppres-
   sive political regime) toss them in jail. The first argument (protecting yourself) has been much talked about in
this thread, but the second has been AKAIK, untouched. I, pesonally,
think crypto is just swell. As such, I pgp sign all my posts/email.
Not only is it one more layer of protection against forges, it helps
spread the PGP meme.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-18 23:18:49
@_author: Michael Higgins 
@_subject: The Utility of Privacy 
Forgive me if I missed it, but there seems to have been little
discussion of the link between privacy and identity in this thread.
(The list is so noisy that I miss a lot of things.)
On most computer systems, one's identity is represented by some
secret, whether it's a login password or a private key.  Obviously, to
maintain the integrity of the identity the secret must be protected
which requires privacy.
Now whether or not I have "something to hide", I very much want to
protect my identity from being usurped.  (He who steals my purse
steals trash...)
Now is it the case that people are interested in stealing identities?
Certainly.  My account on the CMU Andrew system (where this is being
written) was compromised once.  Not out of any animosity toward me,
but simply as a platform to launch a hacking attack on some other
system.  (Universities, and I suspect other networks, are rife with
packet sniffers.  Having been burned once, I rely tremendously on
encrypted connections.)
This is not to say that one's identity-secret is the only secret worth
protecting.  But I thought I'd mention it as something to think about.
P.S. In a way, credit card numbers are identities --- the fact that we
just hand them out to people is very disconcerting.  (I'm told that
most credit card fraud is by vendors.)

@_date: 1996-11-20 15:54:50
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: US supporting dissidents? (was Re: Rogue Governments Issuing Policy Tokens) 
Trademarks are not copyrights. There is no fair use for trademarks. In
addition, civil suits are not criminal trials. The USG can't throw
your ass in jail for making "big brother inside" stickers, but Intel
can sue your ass off.
In a related note, you may be safe from lible suits...
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-22 07:18:01
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: Crypto Bounties 
Regarding the idea of setting up markets (or bounties) for software, I'd
like to direct your attention to the Idea Futures scheme.  This is
currently embodied as a web server at:
    There is some background on the idea by Robin Hanson who talks
extensively about using it as a funding mechanism.  In addition there is
a whole suit of market claims denominated in fake money.
Ted Anderson

@_date: 1996-11-23 11:55:30
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: sci fi 
Sterling's "Islands in the Net" paints a picture of a global network
as a status quo reinforcing system, and where offshore data havens are
wiped out to the man by one world governemnt enforcers. Probably not
what you had in mind.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-23 22:26:07
@_author: eli+@gs160.sp.cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
A cryptosystem is given a key by the user.  A block cipher uses it to
encrypt chunks of plaintext, perhaps 8 bytes long.  (This is an
oversimplification.)  A stream cipher uses it to generate a pseudorandom
sequence that is combined with the plaintext.  IPG's product is a stream
The first problem is the name "OTP".  A one-time pad is a well-defined
thing, and this isn't it; they'd like to be associated with the term
because the one-time pad is in fact provably secure.
So they have a stream cipher.  Is it a good stream cipher?  Well, nobody
knows, because no cryptanalysts have taken the time to attack it.  There
aren't all that many who publish in the open literature, and there are
thousands of amateur proprietary schemes out there -- who has the time?
If it were designed by someone known to be competent (RC4), or if it
were widely used (pkzip), somebody might think it worth looking at.
If you're not a cryptanalyst yourself (and I'm not, but at least I know
it!), all you have to go on is the history of similar schemes.  This is
not encouraging; there are outfits which for a moderate fee will crack
the proprietary encryption offered by dozens of popular products.  IPG's
history is even less encouraging
Maybe this one's different from all of those.  How valuable a secret
would you like to wager on that?  If IPG wants credibility, they should
retain a respected cryptographer, or several, to attack their scheme.
(Or just publish Don's proof of unbreakability.  Since the scheme is
provably _not_ information-theoretically secure, this must be a proof of
computational security, presumably a superpolynomial lower bound.  And
as the scheme is trivially breakable in NP time, Mr. Wood is sitting on
a _major_ result, a resolution to the central problem in computational
complexity theory: a proof that P != NP.  Do publish, sir.)

@_date: 1996-10-07 00:09:56
@_author: Michael Peponis 
@_subject: Missionaries (was: "Mormon Asshole?" re: GAK) 
Simple, the average shuck does not have the backbone to stand up for something he/she thinks is full of garbage.
They would rather let the bullshit slide than to make an issue of it, and risk being ostersized or worse.
Peace and Tranqility are what people want, not truth(which is relative) and freedom(which is not).
I guess I should clarify the distiction.  Truth is subjective, there are many things I think are true, but I can't prove them beond a shadow af a doubt.
Absolute freedom is easy, it boils down to one simple question.  "Can I do what ever I want".  If the answer is yes, I am free, if the answer is no, I am not free.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
The article below is reprinted without changes from the May 16, 1986, Militant. It appeared in that issue with the same headline and accompanying graphic. It is relevant to efforts by opponents of U.S. policy toward Cuba today to protest harassment by federal agents and defend democratic rights. Author Jeff Jones is now a member of the International Association of Machinists in Minneapolis. Sam Manuel is a member of the United Transportation Union in Washington, D.C.
BY JEFF JONES AND SAM MANUEL
   SAN JOSE - Last November Don Bechler was hauled in by plant security at Westinghouse to face interrogation by an FBI agent. The agent said he was being investigated for in-plant "sabotage." He was grilled for 40 minutes without a lawyer present, which is his legal right. He also did not have his shop steward with him.
   Bechler is active in the anti-apartheid movement and the fight against U.S. intervention in Central America. He is also a union activist and a member of the Socialist Workers Party.
   This questioning by the FBI was not only a violation of Bechler's democratic fights, but the rights of everyone who has a dissenting point of view, as well as an attack on the union. Charges of "sabotage" against workers in plants that make military hardware are part of the employers' and government's sustained offensive against democratic fights. This is why it is useful to look at what happened at Westinghouse and the lessons of that experience.
   Westinghouse is a major producer of military hardware. The plant is in Sunnyvale, California. The production workers are represented by International Association of Machinists Local 565. Bechler is a bench grinder.
   The FBI agent had Bechler's personal notebook, which Bechler thought he had lost. The agent said that plant security had given it to him.
   After Bechler agreed to talk with the FBI, the agent asked a number of questions about the notebook. It had notes about work, shopping lists, and information on various political activities Bechler is involved in.
   The FBI agent told Bechler that he thought potential saboteurs in the plant included unionists who opposed concessions to the company in the recent contract negotiations. Some workers may have been frustrated that there wasn't a strike, the agent said, and therefore decided to commit    After the grilling, the FBI agent refused to return Bechler's notebook - implying that he remained under investigation. At a union meeting 11 days later, it was reported that another worker had been subjected to a similar interrogation by the FBI. Union leaders stressed that members should always demand a shop steward when meeting with the    Under pressure from the union, the FBI has since returned Bechler's notebook.
   This harassment by the FBI represents a serious attack on the democratic rights of Bechler, the union, and all working people. The FBI has no legal right to walk into a plant, roam around, and begin interrogating workers. And workers, as well as others, are under no legal obligation to voluntarily submit to such questioning.
   The FBI, like all other cop agencies in this country, serves and protects big business and its government. When they enter Westinghouse or other plants it is on the side of the company.
   This attack on democratic rights occurs in the context of the employers' antilabor offensive and drive toward war in Central America. Such assaults go hand in hand.
   As the government gears up for war abroad, it must erode democratic rights at home. The aim is to get workers to accept as normal such things as growing restrictions on security clearances, denying the rights of accused persons to be released on bail, having more cops in the plants questioning workers, and developing an atmosphere of suspicion against workers who buy socialist publications or travel to Nicaragua.
   It is part of the government's concerted effort to change workers' perception of what's "normal." Each blow to democratic rights weakens the ability of the labor movement to defend itself against austerity and fight U.S. intervention abroad.
   In the last period the government has concocted a series of highly publicized trials of accused "spies" - the greatest number of espionage cases at any one time in the history of the    These "spy" trials and charges of industrial sabotage are aimed at dividing and intimidating workers. While initial targets tend to be politically active workers, the ultimate victims are all workers and working farmers. The aim is to sharply limit democratic rights and limit political discussion and debate in order to dragoon workers into war.
   One aspect of the employers' anti-democratic drive is seeking to establish the "right" of the FBI and other cop agencies to enter workplaces and interrogate workers. Among the ways in which the FBI and cops justify their intrusion is the alleged need to defend "national security" by stopping "saboteurs" and cracking down on "drug use."
   By agreeing to talk to an agent, a worker falls into the trap that has been set: the act of talking itself is a form of collaboration with the agent. This is true regardless of whether a shop steward is present or not. Although Bechler denied the charges of sabotage, the fact that he talked to the agent had already caused damage to workers' rights. The content of what a worker says in such a situation is not the key problem. The agreement to cooperate - talk - when not legally compelled to, means the cops scored a victory.
   The goal of the FBI in these circumstances is not to get a worker to say something "damaging" - that's just a bonus for them when that happens - but to get the worker to accept and help establish their "right" to engage in such interrogations. This reinforces the lie that cops stand above struggles between workers and bosses and in that sense are neutral. It helps reinforce one of the most elementary forms of class collaboration: actions based on the illusion that the cops are neutral, that they are simply enforcing the law without fear or    Moreover, it breaks down trust between workers. A precedent is set that it is okay to talk to the FBI and their finks when instead workers should have nothing to do with them.
   Bechler had no legal obligation to talk to the FBI. He in essence gave up his, rights by doing so. And, whatever he did say is now potential material to be used against him, the union, and others regardless of his intentions. There is no such thing as an off-the-record talk with cops.
   Under the Constitution and Bill of Rights, no one is ever obligated to voluntarily speak to a cop - FBI, CIA, immigration, city, state, customs.
   The accompanying reprint of a 1950s statement issued by the National Emergency Civil Liberties Committee explains one's rights in relation to the FBI: "The FBI, unlike courts and grand juries, does not have the power of subpoena of compulsory examination. You may decline an invitation to visit FBI agents or to receive them in your home or office.... The use of investigative power by governmental agencies to intimidate or threaten is expressly forbidden by law."
   In other words, one is never legally obligated to voluntarily engage in conversation with the FBI and other cop    Looking back on what happened to him and the union, Bechler commented: "Once I started talking to them, they had me. I let them establish their `right' to even hold such conversations.
   "The fact that the union stood up for me and forced the FBI to return my notebook was a victory. It showed that it is possible to resist FBI violations of democratic rights.
   "The basic lesson to draw from this experience, however, is: never, under any circumstance voluntarily talk to the FBI or any other cop."
   Jeff Jones is a member of International Association of Machinists Local 565. Sam Manuel is the organizer of the San Francisco branch of the Socialist Workers Party.
To get an introductory 12-week subscription to the Militant in the U.S., send $10 US to: The Militant, 410 West Street, New York, NY 10014.
For subscription rates to other countries, send e-mail to themilitant at igc.apc.org or write to the above address.

@_date: 1996-10-15 23:21:41
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Fuck Cyberpromo 
SYN flods do nothing to stop *outgoing* connections, BTW, so this
would not directly stop spamming. It wouldn't be that hard to set up a
bunch of mail reception sites seperate from the targeted site, then
read mail/orders from them.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:32:47
@_author: Bob Denny 
@_subject: Crypto: Systems & Application Developers Wanted 
Mark and friends -
I just returned from the Internet Expo in Boston, at which the NSA had a booth where they were pushing the FORTEZZA card. Some interesting things (at least to me):
* Netscape has a working prototype of their browser and server that uses
  FORTEZZA for encryption
* There are three (or 4??) companies building FORTEZZA cards, including   National Semi (the only one I recognized).
* The NSA guy I talked to said that they planned to market a "token card"   that uses RSA/DES, instead of Skipjack and friends, "sometime next year".
  -- Bob

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:37:47
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: PIS_son 
For the Mac people, CookieCleaner (available at your local info-mac
mirror) will trim unwanted entires from your cookie file (source
ObCrypto: Has anyone at CMU/Pitt/anywhere that uses AMS gotten
MailCrypt to work with BatMail?
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-10-20 09:26:47
@_author: Michael Peponis 
@_subject: Writing A Remailer 
Developing these things is actually eaiser to do in UNIX than I guess it depends on where you wish to being.  Do you wish to write a remailer from scratch, or do you wish to just run a remailer?
In either case, take a look at what other people have done, one site I like is ftp.hacktic.nl, there is source for a number of remailers there, among other things.
You could compile that, and see what you like and dislike about a given remailer, and then adjust the code appropriatly.
Most are written in C, so if you know C, you won't have very many One thing to note, UNIX privilages, you would want to run your remailer as a deamon, a constantly running program(similar to a  DOS TSR or NT Service). I am not sure if your ISP gives you enough access to run deamons.
Good Luck
Michael Peponis

@_date: 1996-10-21 01:53:41
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Stego via TCP/IP (was Re: crypto wish list) 
Actually, animated gifs provide an excellent carrier for regular
stego. Just create your gif with 32 or so colors, then use the rest of
the bits for close matches. You could, say, use the standard
intersection of the Mac/Windoze pallettes. With something like this,
you get like 3 bits per pixel (if you do the color map right), which
could be enormous with a big animated gif.
Liking lossless animation standards,
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-10-22 15:37:56
@_author: eli+@gs160.sp.cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: [DES] Criteria for Key Recovery target. 
E(time) with all trial keys distinct:         1/N Sigma^N i = N/2 = 2^55.
E(time) for random trials:
        1/N + (N-1)/N (1 + E(time))
        so E(time) = N = 2^56.
Centralized keyspace handling is a clear lose, IMO.  The RC4-40
project had server problems; scaling up by another 2^16 would be
non-trivial.  Then there are problems with malicious searchers,
corrupt servers, flaky networks... all this for a factor of two?
(And, admittedly, the reduction in variance.)
To rain on the parade a bit, what this discussion says to me is that
most applications of DES are safe from net cracking for a few years

@_date: 1996-10-23 10:25:22
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Netscape Show - Security API 
As far as cookies go, if you have a Mac, you can download my
CookieCleaner (Applescript, source code included, GPL) or Scott
Barnham's cookiecutter executable (freeware, no source) from any
info-mac mirror.
cypherpunks write code or something,
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-09-05 19:32:51
@_author: Rebecca L Madden 
@_subject: up 
it's three o four.
I'm up.
Becky Madden
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge-
That myth is more potent than history.
I believe that dreams are more powerful than facts-
That hope always triumphs over experience-
That laughter is the only cure for grief.
And I believe that love is stronger than death.
    -Robert Fulghum

@_date: 1997-04-09 10:04:27
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Black box attacks (was Re: Crypto-Dongel) 
"Excuse me, Mr. Jack-booted Long Arm of The Law, do you mind putting
your gun away whilst I just plug this evid^H^H^H^HPC Card into the
wall? Thanks."
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-04-11 21:23:52
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Grumpy Old Cypherpunks 
Well, not to pick nits, but it was the peace maker, and it's name is
appropriate. AFAIK, the Peace Maker was intended primarily for LEAs.
You go into a warlike situation, then shoot people until there's
peace. No logical holes there. However, the premise that a large nuke
will keep some 3rd world dictator from lobbing some Exocets at your
ships is, well, provably false.
What, me on topic? never!
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-04-16 05:56:51
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: A Rumor and Reputation Paradox... 
Re: Rumor's regarding Tommy Hilfinger's remakrs, I'm not sure it's as
simple as he said/he didn't say. True, he didn't spurt racism on
Oprah, however, has some quotes that indicate that he might very well have made
comments derisive to black culture if he *had been on Oprah. Mayhaps
the reason that the rumors are so persistant is that they are so
plausible. In that case, maybe they shouldn't been seen so much as a
failure of the reputation economy...
Qoutes from Tommy Hil:
"Many of these people would rather have a Rolex than a home"
"I don't condone violence, and I think 'gangsta rap' should be
 outlawed, but the music is powerful because the musicians are
 irreverent and don't follow the rules. I don't tell them where to  make their money, and I don't tell them where to spend their money."
Tommy Hil and other "street" fashion designers are about exploitation.
There is no respect or community there. I suspect the rumors' success
in bsed on that. They are false, but they represent truthful
Bleah, enought literary criticism for today,
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-04-20 20:13:21
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
On an i386. Fight bloatware, influence markets, win friends!
(No PGP sig `cuase I'm running an unencrypted connection)
(Yeah, I store my private key on a multi-user machine, so sue me.)
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-04-23 23:46:38
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Texas declares war... 
As of 4/24 2:42 AM I could see it from the andrew.cmu.edu domain. In
case you can't get it, the html (no images) should be available via:
. This
mirroring does not constitute agreement with the contensts of the
file, blah, blah, blah. (Hell, I didn't even read it all.)
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-08-03 23:43:12
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Boost Your Sales With 40 Million New Prospects! 
To be removed from our email list, send a blank email to       remmee at answerme.com
We will also send you the URLs of two sites where you can go to have your name removed from hundreds of mailing lists!                    The BEST Deal On Email Addresses Is Right Here!
You can find email lists all over the place. If you buy from the wrong
source, you will end up paying too much and recieving all flames and no
                      Not if you buy your list here!
Our email lists are compiled from a number of different sources. Each list
we sell is checked against our extensive remove list to reduce the number
of flames you recieve. In addition, we make our lists available at very
reasonable prices.
Just look at what our competition is charging for their lists:
                        10,000               $50.00
                         20,000              $100.00
                         30,000              $150.00
                         40,000              $200.00
                         50,000              $250.00
                         60,000              $300.00
                         70,000              $350.00
                         80,000              $400.00
                         90,000              $450.00
                        100,000              $500.00
                        These prices are OUTRAGEOUS!
Because we believe that everyone should have access to email lists, we are
offering our lists for the low, low price of $99 per million!
That's right! Only $99 gets you a list of 1,000,000 prospects to email your
ad to!                  UPDATE******************************UPDATE
As of Monday, July 14 we will be offering our complete email list for sale.
The list consists of 40 million email addresses gleaned from a variety of domains. By purchasing the entire list, you can save BIG! The addresses will be shipped on CD ROM in plain text files. NO UNZIPPING!!
Because the files are on CD-ROM, they do not have to be zipped in order
save space. NO PASSWORDS!!
Why should you waste your time looking up codes to unzip your address files
when you could be making money?
   --You Shouldn't!
That is why our CD will contain no password protection or zipped files. They
are truly ready to be mailed.
This list of 40 million prospects can be yours for the amazingly low price
of only $349.95.  These addresses will be checked against our extensive remove
list to reduce the chance of you being flamed. Of course, there is no sure
fire guarantee against flames, but this will definitely help.
**No one can flame you if they don't know your email address. Only give
your email address to your customers. Not only does this reduce flames, it
also protects your internet account from termination.
                     How do I protect my email address?
1st of all, send your email with the Stealth Mass Mailer. This program will
protect your email address while sending your mail at speeds of up to
250,000 messages per hour (28.8 connection).
2nd, collect your inquiries and remove requests via AutoResponders . Using
AutoResponders, you don't even have to read the flames. Just move them to
your remove list and forget about them!
Read about the Stealth by sending an email to stealth44 at answerme.com
If you order within 7 days, we will give you a fully functional 10 day demo of the Stealth Mass Mailer to mail your ad with.
                                ORDER FORM:
Please print out this order form and then fill in the blanks......
   If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call us at 504-767-6400
___Please send me 40 million email addresses for a total price of $349.95
___I am ordering within 7 days. Please include my free demo copy of the    most powerful bulk email software available -- Stealth Mass Mailer.
YOUR NAME____________________________________________
COMPANY NAME_________________________________________
YOUR POSITION_________________________________________
STREET ADDRESS________________________________________
CITY, STATE, ZIP______________________________________
PHONE NUMBERS_________________________________________
FAX NUMBERS___________________________________________
EMAIL ADDRESSES_______________________________________
We accept Checks, Money Orders and Visa, MasterCard or American Express by
mailor Credit Cards by fax. All checks will be held until cleared. For
fastest service use credit card or money order.
I agree to pay Mitchell Enterprises an additional $27 fee if my check is
returned for insufficient or uncollectable funds.
SIGNATURE: X_________________________________DATE:__________________
Please send all order forms and check, money order or credit card
authorization to:
Mitchell Enterprises
P. O. Box 80742
Baton Rouge, LA 70898
Fax Your Credit Card Authorization to:
Visa____MasterCard____American Express____
Account #
Expiration Date
Address (as it appears on the card)
Zip (as it appears or the card)
Fax or Your Check
Tape your check here and fax to 504-767-6400
For info on Floodgate bulk email manager send an email to        flood at answerme.com
For info on Stealth Mass Mailer send an email to
       stealth44 at answerme.com
For info on starting your own internet business write        buskit at answerme.com
       mitinfo at answerme.com

@_date: 1997-08-24 02:32:54
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Make Money Giving Away Free Phone Cards 
This message is being brought to you by EMAIL BLASTER 2.5 software.  If you would like a FREE copy of this software or any of our other HOT programs ABSOLTELY FREE call our FAX ON DEMAND number at 213-960-7822.
Your email address was given to me as a person interested in business opportunities....If THIS IS NOT
CORRECT and you wish removal from my list, hit reply and type REMOVE in the subject area...
"FREE" HOME BUSINESS! No startup fee! No monthly minimum! No risk! We provide you with a FREE Home business PLUS 9.9cpm flat rate, unrestricted long distance service with no minimums and no
circles. Calling cards, 800# all available at great rates. PLUS get your own FREE Home Business.
We will give you a FREE web page, free email address, ads, locations to advertise, PLUS a $400
bulk email program. FOR FREE! THERE ARE NO CATCHES or HIDDEN COSTS.
For quick and FREE details, just send an email with FREEDOM in the subject.
I look forward to your response.

@_date: 1997-12-03 23:05:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ATTN: Gary L. Burnore 
^^^^^
That argument might have some validity if Netcom (your own ISP) didn't allow its own mail servers to be utilized by spammers and tell people who complain about this practice to G.F.Y.  Just read some of the complaints about
Netcom on the news.admin.net-abuse.email NG.
If you had been "UCE baited" by someone using Netcom's mail servers, rather
than those of a remailer, would you attempt to harass Netcom like you did
Jeff Burchell who ran Mailmasher and the Huge Cajones Remailer?  Would one
of your associates at DataBasix demand that Netcom be shut down since they are unable or unwilling to stop the abuse of their servers?  Would you threaten legal action to get Netcom to turn over all of their sendmail logs to you?
What do you mean by "held accountable"?  Having a throwaway Netcruiser
account (perhaps one of many), acquired under a phony name, cancelled?
You've already been informed, and admitted that it has been effective, that
if you don't wish your e-mail address to appear in a From: line from a
remailer you can request source blocking.  It's sort of like the
blocking of a/c 900 telephone numbers.  If you are worried about abuse of
your phone, you can request that calls to 900 numbers from your phone be
blocked.  You don't have to insist that they be blocked from EVERYONE'S
phone just because they're a problem FOR YOU.  Can you point to any
equivalent safeguard against someone's e-mail address being forged through
Netcom's SMTP servers, either by a Netcom user or by someone else?
If not, isn't it time to make sure your own house is in order before meddling
in the neighbors' houses?  IMO, the remailers are already doing more to
prevent what you perceive to be a problem than your own ISP is willing to
do -- and this by VOLUNTEERS who are not being paid by you, or anyone, for
their efforts.
I also note that you're using the word "forge" again.  Yet in another post
from you within a day or two of this one, you claimed that you weren't
concerned about forgery.  Which is true?

@_date: 1997-12-04 00:58:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed (was: Re: not so fast Re: Kudos to NETCOM!) 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
                         ^^^^^^^^^^
You've noticed that too, huh?  Gary Burnore's "big lie" technique depends
upon his claims being retold over and over, by himself and his associates
such as Belinda Bryan , WITHOUT SERIOUS ANALYSIS
like yours, in order to be believed.
Gary's continuous whining about "forgeries" is becoming pathetic.  In his
haste to falsely claim that something was "forged" he missed the fact that the claimed "forgery" was traceable back to HIS OWN SERVER.  He shot himself
in the foot trying to frame the remailers this time.  What would be the
point in trying to forge a Usenet post to make it look like it came from "mmdf at databasix.com", anyway?
Gary Burnore's forgery allegations against Mailmasher are similarly suspect.  First of all, before planning the attack, somebody apparently didn't do his homework, or he'd have realized that Mailmasher was a web-based 'nymserver, not a remailer.  Despite being challenged to do so, Gary has never been able to produce a single piece of documentation showing that Mailmasher ever had the ability to paste From: headers.  The "evidence" that was posted had truncated Path headers that stopped at the mail2news gateway and contained "X-No-Archive" headers, just as Gary's own posts do, presumably to explain why none of these posts is independently available from third-party archives for verification.  If the posts even existed in the first place, they are more likely to have been generated from a Netcruiser account, complete with headers designed to frame Mailmasher, than from Mailmasher itself.

@_date: 1997-12-04 23:53:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
Call someone an "asshole" all you like, but when you have to qualify that and
call him a "black asshole", "gay asshole", "Jewish asshole", or "anon
asshole", it only demonstrates your personal prejudice and bigotry.  Your
arguments are so weak that you must resort to ad hominem argumentation to
divert attention from the facts.
Repeating your unproven accusations over and over does not make them true.
Are you claiming that all the DataBasix personnel no longer have access to
the Internet simply because the databasix.com domain is down?  Considering how
lax Netcom is with their servers, any abuse you might allege could easily have
come from someone with a Netcom account.
You might as well reconnect databasix.com to the net because having it down
is not a credible alibi -- not when most of the players involved have
Netcom accounts, and a few even have shell accounts from which they could
have run Perl scripts.
Your cute little conspiracy theory does not exactly square with the account
of one of the remailer operators that you along with fellow DataBasix
staffers Belinda Bryan and William J. McClatchie (aka "Wotan") harassed.
Reread his message exposing your anti-remailer activities:
  Not as long as you want to keep it alive by claiming that you are a "victim"
of some grand forgery, "UCE-baiting", "cyber stalking" scheme.  Sam is right in doubting your claims that most of the things you allege happened to you even occurred.  He pointed out that the one flimsy piece of evidence you've been able to produce more recently than February of 1997 originated from YOUR OWN DOMAIN!

@_date: 1997-12-05 11:00:50
@_author: Jeffrey Hutzelman 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
No, you don't.  The pro-choice/pro-life argument is off-topic for
fight-censorship, and presumably also for cypherpunks (though I
don't read that list, and wouldn't presume to speak for them).
If people want to argue this point, please do it somewhere else.

@_date: 1997-12-05 23:27:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gary Burnore Caught in own Trap (Long) 
What motive would Sam have for being part of the mythical "Spam baiting/
forgery/libel/teenager-abusing/cyber-stalking conspiracy" you've concocted?
Could it be that Gary is now searching for another person to falsely accuse
of doing all of these things, now that he and the first person he accused
sem to have declared a de facto truce?  Is Sam going to be your next victim?
Which blows a huge hole in Gary's own theory that some evil "anon asshole"
used a remailer to do it, thus justifying his anti-remailer witch hunt.
And since you've chosen to quote that opinion, what were the results of
that trace he mentioned?
                        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
How many do you plan to tell?
To which the broken, mis-configured mail server at DataBasix autoresponded.
Why would Gary have claimed he was going to fix it if it weren't broken?
You might start with asking yourself who stood to benefit from this
happening.  You and Gary are the ones who keep bringing it up, because
it's the only "evidence" you have to support your grand conspiracy theory.
Thus far, all of your alleged "evidence" has proven nothing because it's
all (conveniently) had truncated path headers.
And you've got a better explanation of what happened?  Right after Billy
McClatchie went on his campaign to get Mailmasher shut down, someone signs up for a Mailmasher account, puts out a fake post advertising some
"warez", then dutifully turns himself into the SPA to get Mailmasher in
trouble.  Just a "coincidence", right?
And just because you, Billy McClatchie (Wotan), and Gary Burnore are all staff members at DataBasix, and the two servers that you three attacked in sequence were both run by the same person, we're not supposed to make the
conncection?  As Gary himself once said "There are far too many coincidences".  He was at least right about that.
I've read Jeff's account, and you, Gary, and Bill "Wotan" McClatchie are the only attackers he mentioned.
Other than a Message-ID and a Comments line (both forgeable), what indicates this came from Mailmasher?  Why was Mailmasher not in the path header?  You still haven't produced a single shred of evidence that this came from Mailmasher.  You haven't even shown from any of the Mailmasher help files that Mailmasher even had this capability.  In someone's haste to point the blame at the remailers' ability to paste From: headers, they chose the wrong target -- since Mailmasher was not a remailer and had no header pasting capability.  Mail coming from Mailmasher accounts all contained a
pseudonym followed by "  Access was via a web-based
interface, and there was no place to specify a From: line.
Engaging in ad hominem is an obvious attempt to divert attention from your
lack of evidence.
Actually, in the beginning it was YOU, McClatchie, and the so-called "spam baiter" that used the No-Archive header.  Gary didn't use it until later when he became worried that people could actually read his old posts and see how his story changed over time.  Gary has apparently gone back and
even had his old posts nuked from the archives, as well. Apparently
Gary "I have nothing to hide" Burnore has reconsidered that stance.
If someone wanted to forge a post to embarass you, would it make sense to
hide it with a No-Archive header?  Why limit the readership like that?
Netcruiser accounts can't telnet into an SMTP server, which is your theory of
how the "forgery" was done?  Also, you, Gary, and Wotan have shell accounts
that are quite capable of doing many of the things you claim that your
mythical "spam-baiting/forging/libelling/cyber-stalking/child-molesting"
mega-villain is guilty of.  You also once claimed that this person had spam baited "every known email address of DataBasix staff and customers".  Who but a DataBasix insider would have access to that kind of information?
Conveniently similar to the posts of Wotan and yourself.  And that quote
is obviously the reason that you, Gary, and Wotan also utilize that
same header, right?  So that you can later claim that anything you post
and later regret was "forged"?
As are most of Gary's theories.
When have you EVER had a decent thing to say about anonymous posters?  Can
you cite even one instance?  Are you suddenly trying to polish up
DataBasix' image?  Polish that turd all you want, and it still won't smell
any better!
Jeff didn't reveal your harassment of him until AFTER he had shut down
his remailer and had no further retribution to fear.  And we didn't learn
of your attacks on Jeff's machines until Gary made a similar taunt back in
Stop your pitiful whining about "selective snipping".  Anyone who missed
it the first time can read your epic whine-fest by following the reference headers.  That's what they're there for. And if they're reading this thread via DejaNews and can't, well that was YOUR choice, not mine.
My posts are archived for all to read.

@_date: 1997-12-07 00:45:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
"Posting ONLY anonymously"?  Wherever did you get that idea?  If you really
believe that this "anonymous asshole" is "posting only anonymously", then
your previous accusations that someone else on this NG (who posts NON-anonymously) was this person were a LIE, weren't they?  So which of your
two contradictory statements is the lie?  Or are they BOTH lies?  They can't
both be true.
You just did.  When you have to single out alleged "assholes" as being black, gay, Jewish, anonymous, Italian, or whatever, you reveal your own prejudices against that group.  For example, you never hear a white person say, "That white bastard just cut me off" while driving, do you?  Such language is usually reserved for groups you HATE.  For all your recent backpedalling and sucking up, your stance on privacy, anonymity, remailers, etc. remains quite clear.
"Could have" equals "proof" in DataBasix-speak?  (You did just move to the
part of the country where burning alleged "witches" was once a popular
pasttime, didn't you?)  Remember that you're the person CLAIMING that this alleged abuse even occurred, so the burden of proof is on you.
If everyone bought into that attempt at "logic" (assuming your conclusion as
part of your argument),  we'd have no need for jails, would we?   It could become the universal response to "where were you on the night of XX/XX/XX?"
Bovine excrement.  Concealing one's name and e-mail address is no different
conceptually from concealing one's home address or phone number.  So if you
truly have nothing to hide, please feel free to post that information, or else
shut up about having nothing to hide.  If you have nothing to hide, why are
you so afraid of people reading your posts via from DejaNews that you cloak each one with that No-Archive header?  I remember when you once criticized a
fellow poster for "hiding behind" it, and now you're doing the same thing you
criticized him for!
"Obvious to me" does not constitute proof.  I posted Jeff's account of
YOUR anti-remailer activities.  He mentioned you and Belinda Bryan BY NAME.
When you have similar evidence against someone else, naming names, please post it.  You have yet to demonstrate that this mythical monster you're expecting others to believe exists is anything other than your own self-serving creation.
It reminds me of what one philosopher said about the devil -- "if he didn't
exist, we'd have to create one".
Huh?  The "evidence" was posted by YOU and the analysis came from Sam.  I
wasn't even in that loop.  Nice try.

@_date: 1997-12-10 08:19:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Burnmore & Databasix 
He's engaging in wishful thinking.  Fanciful, paranoid theories about his
critics (such as imagining that he only has one ) are apparently intended
to divert attention from his own tactics and activities.
Much of this "anti-remailer front" works for DataBasix.  Notice the classic
disinformation tactics that Gary Burnore is engaging in here.  But notice
that Gary was part of this "anti-remailer front" that used ALLEGED forgeries
and "spam baiting" to get two remailers shut down.  It is interesting that
he now attributes the activities of himself and his associates at
DataBasix with this unnamed "anti-remailer front".
Gary Burnore, Belinda Bryan , William "Wotan" McClatchie
 seem to want privacy for themselves but at the same
time they also want to be able to identify their critics.  Strangely enough, several of Gary's non-anonymous critics have reported harassment, forged
posts, spam-baiting, etc.  Probably just a "coincidence", right?
Which makes one wonder why Gary and Belinda wanted to get ahold of the logs
from the Huge Cajones Remailer which would have identified anyone who ever
sent or even received anonymous mail through that remailer.  Gary and Belinda
have consistently stonewalled that question.  My guess is that they were
counting on Jeff keeping that dirty little secret of theirs hidden.
Helena Kobrin and the Church of Scientology weren't able to bully that
information out of Jeff and neither were Gary, Belinda, and DataBasix, for
the simple reason that Jeff was smart enough not to collect it in the first

@_date: 1997-12-28 09:59:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ALERT: PICS Rules, not OK! 
Right. I must be missing something here:
PICS is designed to label information under a variety of criteria. The stated
reason is that we want to "protect the children and those with frail minds" from "bad" information. Of course the definition of "bad" information varies
from person to person.
Let's assume PICS doesn't exist. Instead there's a single flag which can go on
a web page, USENET post, text file, FTP site, or whatever which denotes
whether the material is "suitable for children." I go off and publish bomb-making
information. Since that material is available in a high school chemistry textbook
with a little synthesis on the reader's part and I don't believe in censorship
of information, especially based on age, I mark it "suitable for children." How
is anybody going to stop me? I've expressed my opinion. And, after all, SingleFlag isn't for censorship, so theoretically nobody can do anything about it.
Of course people won't like this. Further if a bunch of people do that SingleFlag
becomes completely and totally useless. The only ways to enforce it are to sue me,
throw me in jail, or blacklist me from ISPs. In all three cases censorship is in
effect. In the first two cases people scream to the government  "We *already*
censor or rate content on the public airwaves, in computer games, on TV, and at
the movies. Why not on the Internet too?" , and that's assuming that such
a law isn't in place already.
So say SingleFlag doesn't exist. Instead we have MultiFlag which rates content on
the basis of sexual content, violence, language, and nudity. Again, because I don't
believe in censoring content, I rate my material as "no sex, no violence, no lude
language, and no nudity." And again, the only way to enforce it is to sue me,
throw me in jail, or blacklist me from ISPs. And, again, in all three cases I'm
And if all the ISPs censor USENET feeds and HTTP connections, nothing keeps me from
playing all kinds of games with TCP/IP (or making my own protocol entirely) and distributing information that way. But then I suppose we have to ban that too,
since after all it has no use except to "corrupt the youth of the world" and to
espouse politically incorrect thoughts.
Now let's say that does happen. I go off and post my pornography anonymously, or
stick it on an Eternity server. Well, I guess we'd better ban those pesky anonymous
remailers now, right? After all, who needs anonymity unless they have something
to hide, right? "Good users are known users," we should have digital signatures
required on everything (and they aren't just any digital signature -- that would
defeat the purpose. We need some kind of central certification authority!), and
ban those politically incorrect opinions -- after all, we have the framework, right?
Posted anonymously. After all, this is politically incorrect and I wouldn't want to
get on somebody's ban list, right?

@_date: 1997-02-04 06:40:53
@_author: Butler 
@_subject: FW: concerning Ben Franklin 
Poor Timmy May must not be able to vote then, as surely his ass must
have been "bashed" to death by now.

@_date: 1997-02-04 22:34:10
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
Just to add my $.02 to the me too pile:
It should be noted that the subscription from netbb+internet.
cypherpunks at andrew.cmu.edu is a mail<->news gateway for Carnegie
Mellon University people. It represents maybe 10-50 cypherpunks
readers. I used to read cypherpunks from there, but I see some kind
soul has subscribed CMU to the unedited list, so I will read that
instead. My killfile is just enough censorship for me.
On the choke points note, mailing lists are better than usenet because
legendary AOLers with there 5 free hours of fame and their ilk usually
don't figure out how to pester mailing lists. Being on a mailing list
usually requires a commitment, that is enough of a barrier for many of
the usenet underirables.
Waiting for the end of moderation,
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:42:59
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
Just to add my $.02 to the me too pile:
It should be noted that the subscription from netbb+internet.
cypherpunks at andrew.cmu.edu is a mail<->news gateway for Carnegie
Mellon University people. It represents maybe 10-50 cypherpunks
readers. I used to read cypherpunks from there, but I see some kind
soul has subscribed CMU to the unedited list, so I will read that
instead. My killfile is just enough censorship for me.
On the choke points note, mailing lists are better than usenet because
legendary AOLers with there 5 free hours of fame and their ilk usually
don't figure out how to pester mailing lists. Being on a mailing list
usually requires a commitment, that is enough of a barrier for many of
the usenet underirables.
Waiting for the end of moderation,
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-06 14:43:12
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: anonymous remailers 
The solution is not to choose a trusted remailer, but to choose a
group of remailers and send your message through each one
sequentially. If you use encryption, and any one of the remailers you
send your message through is trustworthy, than it is difficult or
impossible for someone to trace your message.
Here are some places to go to find more info on remailers:
 (Look at the
bottom, there's everything you need to know there.)
Please bear in mind that anon.penet.fi no longer exists, and that it
wasn't all that secure when it did.
Hope this helps, and happy growing :-)
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-06 15:14:58
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: anonymous remailers 
The solution is not to choose a trusted remailer, but to choose a
group of remailers and send your message through each one
sequentially. If you use encryption, and any one of the remailers you
send your message through is trustworthy, than it is difficult or
impossible for someone to trace your message.
Here are some places to go to find more info on remailers:
 (Look at the
bottom, there's everything you need to know there.)
Please bear in mind that anon.penet.fi no longer exists, and that it
wasn't all that secure when it did.
Hope this helps, and happy growing :-)
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-07 23:59:31
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: anonymous remailers 
Ummm, if you run your own remailer, and don't get lots of people to
use it, then traffic analysis will reveal that you are the sender
quite quickly. It will pretty much make everything in the chain before
your remiler useless. If you send your message through remailers a, b,
c, and d like this:
you -> a -> b -> c -> d -> alt.drugs.and-other-various-horsemen
and only you use c, then your effective chain is:
someone who could only be you -> d -> alt.drugs.and-other-various-horsemen
This chain is weak indeed.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-08 00:10:48
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: anonymous remailers 
Ummm, if you run your own remailer, and don't get lots of people to
use it, then traffic analysis will reveal that you are the sender
quite quickly. It will pretty much make everything in the chain before
your remiler useless. If you send your message through remailers a, b,
c, and d like this:
you -> a -> b -> c -> d -> alt.drugs.and-other-various-horsemen
and only you use c, then your effective chain is:
someone who could only be you -> d -> alt.drugs.and-other-various-horsemen
This chain is weak indeed.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-09 13:06:02
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Passphrase generation 
Chech out the cannonical passphrase FAQ:
This one has some quick reminders of what to do and not to do
Bottom line, totally random ASCII will have lots of bits per
character, but english has about 1.2 bits per character. Misspellings
can add to that, depending on the extent of mutillation . Combining
certain words can make your passphrase weaker (such as "To be or not
to be," "This is my passphrase," etc.).
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:26:24
@_author: Butler 
@_subject: remailer-operators DEA agents? 
After whinghing about Dimitri and about people sending flames to the
list, you only subscribe to the flames-list.... you just don't make
sense Timmy.

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:26:32
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Passphrase generation 
Chech out the cannonical passphrase FAQ:
This one has some quick reminders of what to do and not to do
Bottom line, totally random ASCII will have lots of bits per
character, but english has about 1.2 bits per character. Misspellings
can add to that, depending on the extent of mutillation . Combining
certain words can make your passphrase weaker (such as "To be or not
to be," "This is my passphrase," etc.).
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:26:39
@_author: Butler 
@_subject: MODERATION 
Well  that was short and ..... errr  bitter!
              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ There's a difference between being open minded and gullible Sandy.
Nothing like ducking and running away when your little game didn't turn
out the way that you wanted it to!
This is not a flame, it is my opinion but none the less I'm sure that it
will end up in the flames list or be conveniently lost in the masses of
mail that John's majordomo receives every day.

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:43:42
@_author: 16.47 
@_subject: No Subject 
From: adr016 at clc.cc.il.us ("Curt Denny")
The heaviest element known to science was recently discovered by GM
Research physicists.  The element, tentatively named Administratium, has
no protons or electrons and thus has an atomic number of zero.  However,
it does have one neutron, 125 assistant neutrons, 75 vice neutrons, and
111 assistant vice neutrons.  This gives it an atomic number of 312. These particles are held together by a force that involves the
continuous exchange of meson-like particles known as morons.
Since it has no electrons, Administratium is inert.  However, it can be
detected chemically because it impedes every reaction it comes in
contact with.  According to the discoverers, a minute amount of
Administratium caused one reaction to take four days to complete when it
would have normally occurred in less than one second.  Administratium
has a normal half-life of approximately three years, at which time it
does not actually decay, but instead undergoes a reorganization in which
assistant neutrons exchange places.  Some studies have shown that the
atomic mass actually increases after each organization.
Research at other laboratories indicates that Administratium occurs
naturally in the atmosphere.  It tends to concentrate at certain points
such as government agencies, large corporations and universities, and
can usually be found in the newest, best appointed and best maintained
Scientists point out that Administratium is known to be toxic at any
detectable level of concentratitroy any productive
reaction where it is allowed to accumulate.  Attempts are being made to
determine how Administratium can be controlled to prevent irreversible
damage, but results to date are not promising.                                Check us out at:
                                "There is no limit to the amount of good that people can accomplish if they don't care who gets the credit!"
Curtis L. Denny
College of Lake County
Director of Admission and Records
19351 West Washington Street
Grayslake, IL 60030-1198
Phone:  (847) 223-6601, Ext. 2384
Fax:    (847) 223-1017
E-Mail:  CurtDenny at clc.cc.il.us

@_date: 1997-02-11 15:29:31
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Cocksucker Gilmore's Big Adventure 
You know, I was vaugley offended by John's comments about whiny
cypherpunks, until I read this message and realized who he was talking
about. John, thank you for your years of service to the cypherpunk
community 9such as it is), and Sandy, thanks for your well-intentioned
(but doomed from day one) efforts to take some resopnsibility for our
current mess. It's too bad things had to end in such a pissy way, but
anyone who wants to dole out blame should realize that in an anarchy,
all members are responsible for the maintainence of freedom.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-11 16:53:07
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" 
This has a number of frige benifits, too. It's lower down in the
alphabetical list, so luser AOL-type people and auto-spam bots are
less likely to reach alt.p* or alt.s* than alt.c*. Also, it seperates
it from alt.cyberpunk and associated groups, thus maybe minimizing
innappropriate x-posts.
The hybrid mailing list/newsgroup system seems to me to be an
excellent setup. It is resilliant to the moderation woes that a
mailing list is vulernable to, and is also resistant to ISPs who don't
carry alt groups. It also provides a set of mail-news gateways for
people who wish to post anonymously to the newsgroup, whaile at the
same time being resistant to commercial spam abuse (why use a
mail-news to spam if it just goes to 1 newsgroup?).
Finally, a newsgroup makes it easy to spread the gospel to the
unwashed masses. Tim May's rants/essays would probably make excellent
usenet memes, and having more usenet people crypto-aware can only help
advance the causes of liberty and privacy. I hereby volunteer to do my
best to handle all the newbie questions.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-11 19:21:10
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" 
This has a number of frige benifits, too. It's lower down in the
alphabetical list, so luser AOL-type people and auto-spam bots are
less likely to reach alt.p* or alt.s* than alt.c*. Also, it seperates
it from alt.cyberpunk and associated groups, thus maybe minimizing
innappropriate x-posts.
The hybrid mailing list/newsgroup system seems to me to be an
excellent setup. It is resilliant to the moderation woes that a
mailing list is vulernable to, and is also resistant to ISPs who don't
carry alt groups. It also provides a set of mail-news gateways for
people who wish to post anonymously to the newsgroup, whaile at the
same time being resistant to commercial spam abuse (why use a
mail-news to spam if it just goes to 1 newsgroup?).
Finally, a newsgroup makes it easy to spread the gospel to the
unwashed masses. Tim May's rants/essays would probably make excellent
usenet memes, and having more usenet people crypto-aware can only help
advance the causes of liberty and privacy. I hereby volunteer to do my
best to handle all the newbie questions.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-11 21:24:41
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Germany Versus Scientology 
Heh, the top German Gov't anti-$cientoligist:
"The state is obliged to protect its citizens from totalitarian
 organizations."
I just love this whole thing. It's like two neighborhood bullies going
at it in the school yard. It doesn't matter who wins, as long as it's
long and bloody.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-11 21:49:43
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Cocksucker Gilmore's Big Adventure 
You have obviously never administered a Unix system. Just runing a
machine with a few users requires some effort, I've done it. Managing
a mailing list, especially one this immensly huge, has got to be one
of the bitchliest things on earth. If you think running a majordomo
for cypherpunks is just a matter of "providing a box," why don't you
try it?
RTFM well-intentioned. And please excuse my lack of gratuitous "scare
quotes." (There, is that better?) List members complained. John said
there was a problem, Sandy belived him and foolishly volunteered to
"moderate" (enough scare quotes for you?) the list.
Maybe John has grown into a crumudgen after his years of taking care
of toad.com, but he's all but out of the picture now. At least he had
the common sence to realize that he was not able to run the list in an
appropriate manner and force a carthises. Better that then to let the
list die out from continuing moderation.
Agreed. I do, after all, read the "unfiltered" list. But you have no
right to tell Mr. Gillmore what to with his machine and his time.
Perhaps 10 days is not enough to get a smooth transition to another
system, but it does have the nice effect of moving people to action.
You could take a look at the literature on social loafing for a full
Jeremiah Blatz
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-11 22:01:42
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Cocksucker Gilmore's Big Adventure 
You know, I was vaugley offended by John's comments about whiny
cypherpunks, until I read this message and realized who he was talking
about. John, thank you for your years of service to the cypherpunk
community 9such as it is), and Sandy, thanks for your well-intentioned
(but doomed from day one) efforts to take some resopnsibility for our
current mess. It's too bad things had to end in such a pissy way, but
anyone who wants to dole out blame should realize that in an anarchy,
all members are responsible for the maintainence of freedom.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-12 00:21:39
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: List! No Way: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" 
A couple of "me too"s:
Low volume spam via remailers increases the strength of the remailer
net. Yay!
Not allowing non-subscribers to post is not a problem is the mailing
list is linked to the usenet version. The people who read/post to
cypherpunks via a newsgroup interface now can just use the real
newsgroup. Also, people who don't get alt.* and don't want to use
dejanews can sub to the list version.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-12 06:11:33
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Germany Versus Scientology 
Heh, the top German Gov't anti-$cientoligist:
"The state is obliged to protect its citizens from totalitarian
 organizations."
I just love this whole thing. It's like two neighborhood bullies going
at it in the school yard. It doesn't matter who wins, as long as it's
long and bloody.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-12 06:13:13
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: List! No Way: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" 
A couple of "me too"s:
Low volume spam via remailers increases the strength of the remailer
net. Yay!
Not allowing non-subscribers to post is not a problem is the mailing
list is linked to the usenet version. The people who read/post to
cypherpunks via a newsgroup interface now can just use the real
newsgroup. Also, people who don't get alt.* and don't want to use
dejanews can sub to the list version.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-12 06:42:11
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Cocksucker Gilmore's Big Adventure 
You have obviously never administered a Unix system. Just runing a
machine with a few users requires some effort, I've done it. Managing
a mailing list, especially one this immensly huge, has got to be one
of the bitchliest things on earth. If you think running a majordomo
for cypherpunks is just a matter of "providing a box," why don't you
try it?
RTFM well-intentioned. And please excuse my lack of gratuitous "scare
quotes." (There, is that better?) List members complained. John said
there was a problem, Sandy belived him and foolishly volunteered to
"moderate" (enough scare quotes for you?) the list.
Maybe John has grown into a crumudgen after his years of taking care
of toad.com, but he's all but out of the picture now. At least he had
the common sence to realize that he was not able to run the list in an
appropriate manner and force a carthises. Better that then to let the
list die out from continuing moderation.
Agreed. I do, after all, read the "unfiltered" list. But you have no
right to tell Mr. Gillmore what to with his machine and his time.
Perhaps 10 days is not enough to get a smooth transition to another
system, but it does have the nice effect of moving people to action.
You could take a look at the literature on social loafing for a full
Jeremiah Blatz
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-12 20:57:08
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: New group 
Yet another "me too,"
alt.cypherpunks is alive (dunno about well, time shall tell) on my
news server.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-12 21:11:55
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: New group 
Yet another "me too,"
alt.cypherpunks is alive (dunno about well, time shall tell) on my
news server.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-13 19:06:35
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks 
alt.cypherpunks has been newgroup'ed, and I belive rm'grouped. Smart,
consiencous newsadmins probably did not honor the rmgroup, as
alt.cypherpunks should be acceptable, but most newsadmins are too
overworked to actually look at most of the crap that comes through.
For example, it hasn't received any messages on my news server,
probably because the one upstream removed it. Therefore, it would be a Good Thing to continue any discussion on
alt.config, and convince any cabal'ers who rmgroup it to re-new it.
Sending out boosters every couple of weeks wouldn't hurt, either. "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-13 19:28:14
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks 
alt.cypherpunks has been newgroup'ed, and I belive rm'grouped. Smart,
consiencous newsadmins probably did not honor the rmgroup, as
alt.cypherpunks should be acceptable, but most newsadmins are too
overworked to actually look at most of the crap that comes through.
For example, it hasn't received any messages on my news server,
probably because the one upstream removed it. Therefore, it would be a Good Thing to continue any discussion on
alt.config, and convince any cabal'ers who rmgroup it to re-new it.
Sending out boosters every couple of weeks wouldn't hurt, either. "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-13 19:35:46
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: crypto restrictions 
Hard to tell, really...
Oh, this is one of those easy questions!
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-13 19:56:26
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: crypto restrictions 
Hard to tell, really...
Oh, this is one of those easy questions!
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-13 23:04:05
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: crypto restrictions 
It's legal in the US, but other countries have export restrictions,
too. They're usually pretty hard to find out about, especially
considering that the people who passed the laws don't have a clue what
the law means.
Your best place to check is the Crypto Law Survey at
The disclamer states that the findings may not be "exaustive or
legally reliable," and given the opacity of crypto laws, you'd better
belive it. That said, it is an excellent resource.
cypherpunks newbie patrol,
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-14 06:41:29
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: crypto restrictions 
It's legal in the US, but other countries have export restrictions,
too. They're usually pretty hard to find out about, especially
considering that the people who passed the laws don't have a clue what
the law means.
Your best place to check is the Crypto Law Survey at
The disclamer states that the findings may not be "exaustive or
legally reliable," and given the opacity of crypto laws, you'd better
belive it. That said, it is an excellent resource.
cypherpunks newbie patrol,
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-14 10:51:40
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Fuck UseNet 
Toto  reminds me while I've killfiled him:
Yup. You're begging resources, deal with it. We didn't kiss John
Gillmore's ass, and he decided that he was tired of the shit and
stopped letting us squat on his land. If we were paying him for the
use of toad, he maybe wouldn't have the right to yank it so suddenly,
but we weren't, so it's his call. Same with usenet. The "cabal" has
high reputation capital. News admins the world over trust them. One
might say that they deserve the respect they get, but that is
immaterial to the discussion. the fact is that people who donate
resources to usenet trust the cabal.
Unless you have a contractual relationship, you're begging, and you
have to convince your benefactors to give you stuff. If you have a
different model for a world economy, feel free to post it. "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole
PS. Of course, the cabal didn't rmgroup alt.cypherpunks, thus showing
that they do have some good sence yet.

@_date: 1997-02-14 11:08:19
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
Try definition 2
Word         crusty (KRUHS'tee)  adj.
Definition   --adj. -ier, -iest.  1. Like or having a crust.  2. Surly
             or brusk.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-14 15:41:20
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
Try definition 2
Word         crusty (KRUHS'tee)  adj.
Definition   --adj. -ier, -iest.  1. Like or having a crust.  2. Surly
             or brusk.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-14 15:41:30
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Fuck UseNet 
Toto  reminds me while I've killfiled him:
Yup. You're begging resources, deal with it. We didn't kiss John
Gillmore's ass, and he decided that he was tired of the shit and
stopped letting us squat on his land. If we were paying him for the
use of toad, he maybe wouldn't have the right to yank it so suddenly,
but we weren't, so it's his call. Same with usenet. The "cabal" has
high reputation capital. News admins the world over trust them. One
might say that they deserve the respect they get, but that is
immaterial to the discussion. the fact is that people who donate
resources to usenet trust the cabal.
Unless you have a contractual relationship, you're begging, and you
have to convince your benefactors to give you stuff. If you have a
different model for a world economy, feel free to post it. "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole
PS. Of course, the cabal didn't rmgroup alt.cypherpunks, thus showing
that they do have some good sence yet.

@_date: 1997-02-16 13:19:23
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Questions about Naughty Robot (fwd) 
It could theoretically be a JavaScript that makes a teeny tiny window
and reports back stuff that it really shouldn't be able to see, I
think Netscape fixed that bug, though.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-16 14:57:48
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Questions about Naughty Robot (fwd) 
It could theoretically be a JavaScript that makes a teeny tiny window
and reports back stuff that it really shouldn't be able to see, I
think Netscape fixed that bug, though.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-16 17:58:04
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: When and where? 
I hope you misspelled "news server." alt.cypherpunks (and subgroups)
is a newsgroup.
You should join one of the distributed mailing lists (choose the list
admin you like/trust the most). There is supposed to be a gateway
between the mailing list and the newsgroup, but it is not up yet.
Here's the overview:
cypherpunks at toad.com is going away. In its place is a distributed
forum. This forum is currently made up of a network of mailing lists,
which send all their messages to each other. In the future, the
newsgroup alt.cypherpunks will be added to this network (posts to the
newsgroup go to the mailing lists, mail to the lists goes to the
newsgroup). The mailing lists will be faster than the newsgroup, the
newsgroup will probably let you use better filtering tools. Your
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole
(Cool, "newsgroup" is the first word in four consecutive lines. I did
not do this on purpose, even.)

@_date: 1997-02-16 18:11:09
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: When and where? 
I hope you misspelled "news server." alt.cypherpunks (and subgroups)
is a newsgroup.
You should join one of the distributed mailing lists (choose the list
admin you like/trust the most). There is supposed to be a gateway
between the mailing list and the newsgroup, but it is not up yet.
Here's the overview:
cypherpunks at toad.com is going away. In its place is a distributed
forum. This forum is currently made up of a network of mailing lists,
which send all their messages to each other. In the future, the
newsgroup alt.cypherpunks will be added to this network (posts to the
newsgroup go to the mailing lists, mail to the lists goes to the
newsgroup). The mailing lists will be faster than the newsgroup, the
newsgroup will probably let you use better filtering tools. Your
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole
(Cool, "newsgroup" is the first word in four consecutive lines. I did
not do this on purpose, even.)

@_date: 1997-02-17 13:00:25
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: The Science Generations, II 
You neglect things like the interstate commerce provision, which means
that if it crosses state lines, the feds can regualte it. In addition,
the court (in its infinite wisdom), decided that "the people" meant
the states, then the people. So, as long as it isn't meantioned in the
constitution, the states can do whatever they want.
Welcome to America, please stay in line.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-17 17:44:32
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: The Science Generations, II 
You neglect things like the interstate commerce provision, which means
that if it crosses state lines, the feds can regualte it. In addition,
the court (in its infinite wisdom), decided that "the people" meant
the states, then the people. So, as long as it isn't meantioned in the
constitution, the states can do whatever they want.
Welcome to America, please stay in line.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-18 01:44:39
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Security alert!!! 
Please provide evidence for your wild claims. You have no reputation
capital, the makers of Stronghold have quite a bit, in my mind.
(Except maybe in their moderation policies :-) I do not belive your
claims for a minute. Again, please provide a description of the
exploit or source code that compiles into a binary identical to that
in the Stronghold distribution as evidence of your claims. Alternatly,
crawl back in to your hole and die.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-18 10:58:33
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Any more like www.anonymizer.com ?? 
There's a Zippifier (inserts Zippy the Pinhead quotes) at:
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-18 14:12:24
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Any more like www.anonymizer.com ?? 
There's a Zippifier (inserts Zippy the Pinhead quotes) at:
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-19 06:26:24
@_author: Mullen 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks.*, cypherpunks@*.* 
I just got my news admin to add alt.cypherpunks.  Unfortunately, I can't
remember the names of the subgroups (which weren't added), and I
deleted the mailings which listed them.  If I remember correctly, they were along the lines of
alt.cypherpunks.ebonics :-) Sorry, couldn't resist!
Did I miss any?  Name-mangle?
I also have listed the following alternate list hosts
cypherpunks at algebra.com
cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
cypherpunks at ssz.com
If anyone has a more complete list of hosts, I'd be happy
for additions to the list.
~ Patrick

@_date: 1997-02-19 06:56:46
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Why Digital Video Disks are late to market 
Ummm, sector copy? AFAIK, the reader/writer manfacturer is trusted to
cripple any copies it makes. Of course, it's all software, so if some
EVIL person were to write a driver that did not honor the "don't copy
me" header, society would just come crashing down around us.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-19 08:57:38
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Why Digital Video Disks are late to market 
Ummm, sector copy? AFAIK, the reader/writer manfacturer is trusted to
cripple any copies it makes. Of course, it's all software, so if some
EVIL person were to write a driver that did not honor the "don't copy
me" header, society would just come crashing down around us.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
prefixes), but they'll get over it when they see the benefits, and how
it frees up their time so they can watch more TV or play on the Internet.

@_date: 1997-01-07 17:34:57
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Get Quick Results! 
***** The BEST Way for YOU to Market Successfully *****
********5 Million E-mail Addresses Available ********
Nothing works better than mass e-mail to get quick results.  Nothing!  There are plenty of programs you could buy such as Floodgate to pull your own addresses however, these programs (even when used properly) can take up to 6 months
just to pull as many as 750,000 addresses!  And after THAT time has elapsed you're database will have plenty
of addresses that are undeliverable.  Why wait?  Get started by using our SUPER responsive list that was generated just last month!  We purchase current lists
Imagine 5 Million deliverable addresses that can bring you more orders than you have ever seen!!!  Imagine, the potential profits from your offer(s)!  If you only get
1/2 of a percent that's 25,000 orders!!!
These addresses can be mailed using Pegasus or other
mailing programs.  Everything has been saved in a text
(.txt) format.  Each group of names comes in lots of 100,000.
You can mail any quantity you wish!  Just drop the quantity
you want to send and that's it!
This list originally cost over $3000.  I'm offering the complete list
for only $159. That's right OVER 5 MILLION addresses for only $159.  Think
about it.  If you get just 1/2 of a percent that's 25,000 orders!!!
Do you think you could turn a profit?
This list will be sold to ONLY the first 25 people who respond.  PLUS, I'll include FREE... a special report that will show you how to mass e-mail without losing your dial-up account.  Also, this report
will show you where to get a bullet proof space and e-mail account for mass mailing.  This report alone is worth the purchase price.  Let's face it, if you can't mail successfully then what good are the If you ever wanted to see a ton of orders come pouring in this is the ONLY WAY it can happen for so little money.
This incredible offer will expire after 25 sales.
Don't delay act now!
Have questions?  Call 714-288-6227  FAX your order to: 714-288-6233
********************* ORDER FORM *******************
Yes, RUSH me the entire 5 million e-mail addresses right away for just $159!
(Print this out and Fax it to 714-288-6233)
E-mail Address:_______________________________
Phone Number:_______________________________
I wish to pay by:      ( Check One )
Master Card:_____ VISA:_____ American Express:_____ Check:_____ Money Order:_____
Card Number:__________________________________
Exp. Date:_______________
Once we have recieved your order you will be notified by e-mail immediately where to download this offer.  ***I also do bulk mailing if you want to have me send your ad out. The
price is $199.95 per 100,000 e-mail addresses and I'll place your Home page on a server for 1 month.  This way you never have to worry about
losing your space account.
If you want to be removed from our mailing list just hit "reply" and put
"remove".  You will be remove pronto!

@_date: 1997-01-16 23:00:49
@_author: Adam Gulkis 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
I always try to have a good time with airport security.  Last time I
flew I had a brand new stainless steel nissan thermos half full of
scotch in my backpack in addition to my laptop, a handful of dental
tools and a bunch of sticks of microcrystaline wax.
The rentacop almost shit all over himself tearing into my bag trying
to find out what the nissan was and i'm pretty sure that he did when
he saw the sticks of wax.  Course I was busy being frisked by another
guard (steel toes, steel shanks) and was really trying hard not to
Next time I'm planning on painting some messages in lead paint and
sticking them in a folder so they can read it as it gets scanned.
Nice friendly hello A. Gulkis

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:13:29
@_author: Butler 
@_subject: THIS IS THE FIRST MESSAGE TO THE MODERATED CYPHERPUNKS LIST 
"can we get 'BACK' to talking about cryptography?"
You seem to have misspelled START.

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:26:24
@_author: Butler 
@_subject: FW: AUTO ANSWER MESSAGE. 
I have set up an autoresponder to bounce back all of this jerks
Like a game of e-mail tennis !
I'm sure that he will get sick before I do !
------ =_NextPart_000_01BC06CB.51582470

@_date: 1997-01-22 11:57:37
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. 
I believe that the new copyright regs explicitly allow web surfing.
Copyright should not be an issue, I think. IANAL.
Secure connections from proxy to client would eliminate driftnet
scanning. That's probably about all the crypto.
One idea would to put /cgi-bin/redirect in all the distributions of
apache, apache-SSL, etc. That way, anyone who cared at all about
privacy or was clueless would have an anonymizer on their web server.
People who really cared could run web spiders that looked for sites
with the redirect, and have cgi-bins that returned a randomized list
of 10 or so. They could periodically post the list to semi-relavent
The idea here is to reduce the chance of a denial of service attack
against the anonymizer pool. The points of attack that I can think of
 1) Filter out out anonymized connections.
    Crypto helps solves this one. Of course, then the evil empire
    filters out crypto, but that's bad for business.
 2) Make the list of anonymizers dissappear
    This is a bit easier for the bad guys. Stego could help solve
    the problem, especially if combined with crypto. (i.e stego
    the list, encrypted with a few key underground folks public
    keys, into a pic of the great wall of china or something.
 3) Make it illegal to use anonymizers and enforec randomly.
    FUD. I dunno how to solve this one. Put anphetamines in the
    water supply?
Distribution wins.
(BTW, look at "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-22 13:29:46
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. 
I believe that the new copyright regs explicitly allow web surfing.
Copyright should not be an issue, I think. IANAL.
Secure connections from proxy to client would eliminate driftnet
scanning. That's probably about all the crypto.
One idea would to put /cgi-bin/redirect in all the distributions of
apache, apache-SSL, etc. That way, anyone who cared at all about
privacy or was clueless would have an anonymizer on their web server.
People who really cared could run web spiders that looked for sites
with the redirect, and have cgi-bins that returned a randomized list
of 10 or so. They could periodically post the list to semi-relavent
The idea here is to reduce the chance of a denial of service attack
against the anonymizer pool. The points of attack that I can think of
 1) Filter out out anonymized connections.
    Crypto helps solves this one. Of course, then the evil empire
    filters out crypto, but that's bad for business.
 2) Make the list of anonymizers dissappear
    This is a bit easier for the bad guys. Stego could help solve
    the problem, especially if combined with crypto. (i.e stego
    the list, encrypted with a few key underground folks public
    keys, into a pic of the great wall of china or something.
 3) Make it illegal to use anonymizers and enforec randomly.
    FUD. I dunno how to solve this one. Put anphetamines in the
    water supply?
Distribution wins.
(BTW, look at "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-24 06:13:06
@_author: Mullen 
@_subject: If you were unable to download UDCM V2.0 before.... 
How do you implement this feature?  Where is the time/date information
stored?  Is this in that header you were talking about before?  Is there
some method which is designed to thwart simply changing the CMOS ~ Patrick

@_date: 1997-01-24 13:12:36
@_author: Mullen 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks maiing list 
Igor sez:
I question this, too.  What, exactly, is the criterion?
Cypherpunks charter sez:
The cypherpunks list is a forum for discussing personal defenses for
privacy in the digital domain.   How does personal
through forged and anonymous mail not fit this topic?
However, I _do_ have to say such a topic would have to keep with a descriptive attitude, rather than demonstrative...  :-)
On another note, even though some messages which may be of interest may
get lost in the shuffle, I do like the reduced volume, esp. since I get
at work.  Unfortunately, the reduced mail is a result of censorship...
~ Patrick

@_date: 1997-01-24 20:19:01
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Encrypting ZIP disks 
FWIW (not much), Iomega claims that it can't recover the data on a
password-protected disk. However, they do export those things, so I
doubt it's strong.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-25 01:58:48
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Encrypting ZIP disks 
FWIW (not much), Iomega claims that it can't recover the data on a
password-protected disk. However, they do export those things, so I
doubt it's strong.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-27 09:46:05
@_author: Peterson 
@_subject: Posting percentages 
Just because us "lurkers" don't post, doesn't mean that we aren't taking
sides, agreeing, disagreeing, or otherwise. Small portions of the
population doesn't mean that the rest of us have no comment, just not
the will to make the post.

@_date: 1997-01-27 14:46:10
@_author: Mullen 
@_subject: Handbook of Applied Cryptography 
(My apologies if someone else has posted this information and I missed
_Handbook_of_Applied_Cryptography_, Menezes, Oorschot, Vanstone, With a foreword by R.L. Rivest
Contents in Brief:
Table of Contents	v
List of Tables		xv
List of Figures		xix
Foreword		xxi
Preface			xxiii
1 Overview of Cryptography	1
2 Mathematical Background	49
3 Number-Theoretic Reverence
4 Pulic-Key Parameters		133
5 Pseudorandom Bits and
6 Stream Ciphers		191
7 Block Ciphers			223
8 Public-Key Encryption		283
9 Hash Functions and Data
10 Identification and Entity
11 Digital Signatures		425
12 Key Establishment 13 Key Management Techniques	543
14 Efficient Implementation	591
15 Patents and Standards	635
A Bibliography of Papers from
References			703
Index				775
<< BEGIN QUOTE >>
Cryptography, in particular public-key cryptography, has emerged in the
las 20 years as an important discipline that is not only the subject of
enormous amount of research, but provides the foundation for information
security in many applications.  Standards are emerging to meet the
for cryptographic protection in most areas of data communications.
key cryptographic techniques are now in widespread use in industry, especially in the financial services industry, in the public sector, and
individuals for their personal privacy, such as in electronic mail.
This Handbook will serve as a valuable reference for the novice as well as
the expert who needs a wider scope of coverage within the aread of
cryptography.  It is a necessary and timely guide for professionals who
practice the art of cryptography.
The _Handbook_of_Applied_Cryptography_ provides a treatment that is multifunctional:
* It serves as an introduction to the more practical aspects of
  both conventional and public-key cryptography
* It is a valuable source of the latest techniques and algorithms
  for the serious practitioner
* It provides an integrated treatment of the field, whil still
  presenting each major topic as a self-contained unit
* It provides a mathematical treatment to accompany   practical discussions
* It contains enough abstractoin to be a valuable reference for
  theoreticians while containing enough detail to actually allow
  implementation of the algorithms discussed
This is the definitive cryptography reference that novice as well as
developers, designers, researchers, engineers, computer scientists, and
mathematicials alike will find indispensable.
<< END QUOTE >>
~~ Patrick

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:56:42
@_author: Mullen 
@_subject: Where's reference? (was:RE: [DES] DES Key Recovery Project, Progress Report #7) 
Where can I get a reference to this?  I thought you weren't supposed to
cryptographic code out of the U.S. under any means, including print...

@_date: 1997-01-28 18:55:44
@_author: Garrard 
@_subject: Recovery of Windows NT administrator password 
An inherited Windows NT system that I am involved with has a lost administrator password ( no one no longer knows what it is ). Can anyone point me to software products/companies that can help in the recovery. Given Microsoft's dismal record on  security I am sure there must be solutions to this dilemma. Any help would be greatly Best Regards
David L. Garrard

@_date: 1997-01-29 05:42:03
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: AltaVista sprouts a hole ... 
Actually, the ads *do* relate to the keywords. Try doing a search for
"flowers" and a search for "sex."
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-29 05:52:30
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Best Computer School? 
I think there's one class on crypto (explicitly), but there's some
talent here. One who was interested could get an independant study or
a research job without too much trouble. After all, MIT isn't the only
place that writes kerberos, AFS, and the like.
(In case you're wondering, the "A" in AFS stands for "Andrew," of
Andrew Carnegie.)
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-29 07:13:11
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: AltaVista sprouts a hole ... 
Actually, the ads *do* relate to the keywords. Try doing a search for
"flowers" and a search for "sex."
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-29 07:14:52
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Best Computer School? 
I think there's one class on crypto (explicitly), but there's some
talent here. One who was interested could get an independant study or
a research job without too much trouble. After all, MIT isn't the only
place that writes kerberos, AFS, and the like.
(In case you're wondering, the "A" in AFS stands for "Andrew," of
Andrew Carnegie.)
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-30 10:20:23
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Last nail for US crypto export policy? 
Stego? Maybe 3 bits per substituted word? Good bye, uhnsufride, hello,
"speech recognition."
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-30 11:12:50
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Last nail for US crypto export policy? 
Stego? Maybe 3 bits per substituted word? Good bye, uhnsufride, hello,
"speech recognition."
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-07-21 01:56:29
@_author: @_ 
@_subject: MLM Still Giving You the Shaft? 
MLM still giving you the SHAFT?
Driving Hard?       Getting Nowhere?
You're just in the wrong vehicle!!
Now You Can Turn Your Computer into a "CASH" Register!
Our Software will turn your Computer into a never ending source of CASH!
Have Thousands of Customers Paying You "Cash
In Advance" for Information only YOU can Provide!
No Application, No Inventory, No Corporate Office,
NO Meetings, NO Monthly Purchases, NO Products.... NO BULL!!!
JUST CASH!           Lots & Lots of CASH!!!
Download the software for FREE! ($20 Value)
CASH AND LEADS for                 YOUR BUSINESS...YOUR BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!
BRAND NEW!!!
This is NOT MLM and you have NEVER seen anything like it.!!!!!
* No applications * No inventory * No Recertifications * No Corporate Office * No attorney generals * No meetings * No Binary, Matrix or unilateral pay scale * No 70% Rule * No Social Security Number * No Up or Downlines * No 3 way calls * No Flushing * No Quotas * No Hassle * No Brainer * No BULL JUST CASH IN THE MAIL TO YOU WITH LEADS,                         MORE CASH AND MORE LEADS!
There is NO Company to screw things up!
YOU are the Company!
Download our FREE Software now at......
            LIVE CONFERENCE CALLS
            TUESDAYS & THURSDAYS
               (916) 689-4529
     12NOON - 3PM - 6PM - 10PM & MIDNIGHT
        SUNDAYS - 10PM AND 1AM MONDAY
                (EASTERN TIME)
                FAX ON DEMAND
                (913) 383-5776
             TOLL FREE INFO LINE
            24 HOUR 3 MIN. MESSAGE
                888-220-5808
Download the software and see what you think.
This is going through the networking industry like diarrhea. Like a squirrel thrown into a room full of hound dogs!!! PEOPLE WANT THE DISK!!!!
TO GET LEADS TO MAKE THEIR EXISTING BUSINESS GROW AND MAKE MONEY GETTING THEIR LEADS TOO!!!!!!!!
Be Your Own Boss!  Really!  Own Your Own Software Company!
This Unique Software if fabulous! You Own it, and You can Sell it! Are You Tired of "The Company" not getting Your Checks in the Mail? Are You Tired of "The Company" not doing what they said they would do?
In Mega$Nets You are the Owner of Your Own Company...
You're in charge of the Money. Once you own it you always own it, and can sell as much as you please. Look at it Now before Your Downline Shows it to you, because they will be showing it to you!
I GUARANTEE You Have Never Seen Anything As POWERFUL And Filled With More BENEFITS!  This is going through the networking industry like a STEAMROLLER!
download the software NOW!!!

@_date: 1997-07-21 06:09:40
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Cypherpunk U 
CMU does lots of real world crypto stuff, mostly centering around
Kerberos. There's some good theory here, too. In addition, NetBill
(book-entry bastards) does some crypto. If you were interested in
working one of those projects, you could easily do so as an undergrad.
There's also one "number theory" class which is basically crypto 101.
As for grad work, if you're interested in number theory and such, you
could do well here. Otherwise, you might consider somewhere else.
Allumnusly yours,
BTW, the administration here is a bunch of bloody facists.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-07-26 02:47:18
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Send Your Message to 50 Million---at "INSANE SPEED" !! 
50 MILLION EMAIL ADDRESSES...
EARN INSANE PROFITS WITH THE RIGHT FORMULA
If you have a product, service, or message that you would like to get out to Thousands, Hundreds of Thousands, or even Millions of people, you have several options.Traditional methods include print advertising, direct mail, radio, and television advertising. They are all effective, but they all
have two catches: They're EXPENSIVE and TIME CONSUMING. Not only that, you only get ONE SHOT at making your message heard, by the right people.
The INTERNET, the "Global Communications Frontier" has changed this dramatically, including making countless individuals wealthy. "Electronic Marketing," as it's commonly referred to, has effectively leveled the playing fields of all types businesses.
Gulf Coast Marketing has been in the online marketing business for  4 years. We can help make your goals come true. We have helped many individuals succeed in marketing their product effectively. It's very simple to do. In fact soon you will have the problem of what to do with all the cash you will make from sending out bulk email. Here are just a couple of many true success stories we have seen...
" I was trying to market computer equipment on the Internet with limited success.   I bought 5 million e-mail addresses and the Stealth
Mass Mailer from Gulf Coast Marketing and within the first two weeks
I sold over 500 modems.  At a profit of $50 each I made over $25,000"
T.S. --- Dallas
I bought the Stealth Mass Mailer and 10 million e-mail addresses from
Gulf Coast Marketing in March.  Within two months I was making so much
money that I was able to quit my job and do my internet marketing business
full time."
K.B.  Web Page Designer--- FL
Those were just two of the many success stories we hear everyday. It may all sound to good to be true. Well, we can tell you this. It really does work. Why else are so many individuals doing it? They are not just wasting their time. They are all making mega bucks.
                   HERE'S THE BOTTOM LINE
                                     AND
                WHAT WE CAN DO FOR YOU
Here is what you get when you order today!
Multiple files of 100,000 or greater (no codes needed to open files). You will receive email addresses of the following domains... AOL, PRODIGY, COMPUSERVE, DELPHI, GENIE, JUNO, PIPELINE, EARTHLINK,
INTERAMP, MSN, NETCOM and MILLIONS OF  OTHER MIXED EMAIL ADDRESSES
 (.com, .net). All names listed above are separated by domain name for
 your convenience.
PLUS THESE BONUS SPECIALS...
E-mail program that will mail up to 250,000 messages per hour.  With
Stealth Mass Mailer you can send your message to millions of people every day.  Imagine the response!   AND Stealth Mass Mailer will
disguise your dial-up account to make it untraceable.  Never lose your
dial-up account again.   The registered version of Stealth sells for $399
The free evaluation version will work for 10 days after intallation before requiring registration codes.  Plenty of time to send you offer to millions.
bulk emailer in the world. You can test drive it for free.
de-compressing a compressed file. It will come in handy when dealing with files of zip format.
Plus Yet Another Bonus...
"The Complete Internet Business Starter Kit"  Includes "The Information Freeway"  The most up-to-date information
for marketing on the Internet.   Also contains over 300 of the latest best
selling reports.   Comes with full reprint and resale rights
YOU GET EVERYTHING FOR ONLY $499...
UPDATE... SAVE $200 AND ORDER WITHIN 5 DAYS!
We have previously sold the Starter Kit alone for over $200. Now you can have the complete package for the low price of only $295!
All lists are completely free of any Duplicates. We also on a continual basis, add New Names and Remove Undeliverables and Remove Requests. The result is the Cleanest Email Addresses Available Anywhere to use over and over again, for a FRACTION of the cost that other companies charge. Typical rates for acquiring email lists are from 1 cent to as high as 3 cents per email address - that's
"INFORMATION HIGHWAY" ROBBERY!.
Don't even hesitate on this one or you will miss out on the most effective way to market anywhere..PERIOD!
Start earning mega money and get started now!
If you have any further questions call our Marketing Department at:
                             504-757-1686 To order our email package, simply print out the EZ ORDER FORM below and fax or mail it to our office today.
We accept Visa, Mastercard, AMEX, Checks by Fax and Mail.
EZ Order Form _____Yes! I would like to order your 50,000,000 email addresses Plus all the bonuses for only $299.
            ***********SPECIAL BONUS OFFER*****************
Order the registered version of Stealth along with the 50 Million E-mail
addresses and we'll knock $100 of the price.  Thats right.  Stealth retails for $399.  If you order the complete package of the registered version of Stealth Mass Mailer that will send up to 300,000 messages per hour and you can have the whole package for just $599.   Thats a savings of $100.
                   $$$$$$$$$$    AND    $$$$$$$$$
When you order the complete package including the registered verion of Stealth......We'll give you the $350 E-Mail Pro Extractor software absolutely
FREE.  E-Mail Pro will not only extract thousands of new addresses from
the online services and the internet, it is the perfect list management tool.
I want the WHOLE Package for $599 plus shipping & handling ______
Send me the CD with 50 Million E-mail addresses only for $299______
*Please select one of the following for shipping..
____I would like to receive my package OVERNIGHT. I'm including $15 for shipping. (outside US add an additional $20 for shipping)
____I would like to receive my package 2 DAY delivery. I'm including $10 for shipping.  (outside US add an additional $15 for shipping)
Foreign orders add $10.
COMPANY NAME___________________________________________
CITY, STATE, ZIP___________________________________________
PHONE NUMBERS__________________________________________
FAX NUMBERS_____________________________________________
EMAIL ADDRESS___________________________________________
TYPE OF CREDIT CARD: ______VISA _____MASTERCARD _____AMEX_____DISCOVER/NOVUS
CREDIT CARD# __________________________________________
EXPIRATION DATE________________________________________
NAME ON CARD___________________________________________
AMOUNT $____________________
(Required) SIGNATURE:x________________________
You may fax your order to us at:   1-504-757-9988
CHECK BY FAX SERVICES!
If you would like to fax a check, paste it below and fax it to our office along with all forms to: 1-504-757-9988
***24 HOUR FAX SERVICES*** PLEASE PASTE YOUR CHECK HERE AND FAX IT TO US AT 1-504-757=9988
If You fax a check, there is no need for you to send the original check. We will draft up a new check, with the exact information from your original check. If you feel more comfortable sending payment through the mail, please send all forms and Check or Money Order to:
Gulf Coast Marketing
8867 Highland Rd. Suite 112
Baton Rouge, LA 70808

@_date: 1997-07-31 21:52:04
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Boost Your Sales With 40 Million New Prospects! 
To be removed from our email list, send a blank email to       remmee at answerme.com
We will also send you the URLs of two sites where you can go to have your name removed from hundreds of mailing lists!                    The BEST Deal On Email Addresses Is Right Here!
You can find email lists all over the place. If you buy from the wrong
source, you will end up paying too much and recieving all flames and no
                      Not if you buy your list here!
Our email lists are compiled from a number of different sources. Each list
we sell is checked against our extensive remove list to reduce the number
of flames you recieve. In addition, we make our lists available at very
reasonable prices.
Just look at what our competition is charging for their lists:
                        10,000               $50.00
                         20,000              $100.00
                         30,000              $150.00
                         40,000              $200.00
                         50,000              $250.00
                         60,000              $300.00
                         70,000              $350.00
                         80,000              $400.00
                         90,000              $450.00
                        100,000              $500.00
                        These prices are OUTRAGEOUS!
Because we believe that everyone should have access to email lists, we are
offering our lists for the low, low price of $99 per million!
That's right! Only $99 gets you a list of 1,000,000 prospects to email your
ad to!                  UPDATE******************************UPDATE
As of Monday, July 14 we will be offering our complete email list for sale.
The list consists of 40 million email addresses gleaned from a variety of domains. By purchasing the entire list, you can save BIG! The addresses will be shipped on CD ROM in plain text files. NO UNZIPPING!!
Because the files are on CD-ROM, they do not have to be zipped in order
save space. NO PASSWORDS!!
Why should you waste your time looking up codes to unzip your address files
when you could be making money?
   --You Shouldn't!
That is why our CD will contain no password protection or zipped files. They
are truly ready to be mailed.
This list of 40 million prospects can be yours for the amazingly low price
of only $349.95.  These addresses will be checked against our extensive remove
list to reduce the chance of you being flamed. Of course, there is no sure
fire guarantee against flames, but this will definitely help.
**No one can flame you if they don't know your email address. Only give
your email address to your customers. Not only does this reduce flames, it
also protects your internet account from termination.
                     How do I protect my email address?
1st of all, send your email with the Stealth Mass Mailer. This program will
protect your email address while sending your mail at speeds of up to
250,000 messages per hour (28.8 connection).
2nd, collect your inquiries and remove requests via AutoResponders . Using
AutoResponders, you don't even have to read the flames. Just move them to
your remove list and forget about them!
Read about the Stealth by sending an email to stealth44 at answerme.com
If you order within 7 days, we will give you a fully functional 10 day demo of the Stealth Mass Mailer to mail your ad with.
                                ORDER FORM:
Please print out this order form and then fill in the blanks......
   If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call us at 504-767-6400
___Please send me 40 million email addresses for a total price of $349.95
___I am ordering within 7 days. Please include my free demo copy of the    most powerful bulk email software available -- Stealth Mass Mailer.
YOUR NAME____________________________________________
COMPANY NAME_________________________________________
YOUR POSITION_________________________________________
STREET ADDRESS________________________________________
CITY, STATE, ZIP______________________________________
PHONE NUMBERS_________________________________________
FAX NUMBERS___________________________________________
EMAIL ADDRESSES_______________________________________
We accept Checks, Money Orders and Visa, MasterCard or American Express by
mailor Credit Cards by fax. All checks will be held until cleared. For
fastest service use credit card or money order.
I agree to pay Mitchell Enterprises an additional $27 fee if my check is
returned for insufficient or uncollectable funds.
SIGNATURE: X_________________________________DATE:__________________
Please send all order forms and check, money order or credit card
authorization to:
Mitchell Enterprises
P. O. Box 80742
Baton Rouge, LA 70898
Fax Your Credit Card Authorization to:
Visa____MasterCard____American Express____
Account #
Expiration Date
Address (as it appears on the card)
Zip (as it appears or the card)
Fax or Your Check
Tape your check here and fax to 504-767-2747
For info on Floodgate bulk email manager send an email to        flood at answerme.com
For info on Stealth Mass Mailer send an email to
       stealth44 at answerme.com
For info on starting your own internet business write        buskit at answerme.com
       mitinfo at answerme.com

@_date: 1997-06-04 23:42:41
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: McVeigh 
You left out Sea Shepard, who sank the entire Icelandic whaling fleet
(with zero casualties) on night. Earth First!, Greenpeace, and other
somewhat-less-direct action groups have used "terrorist" means and
achieved enourmous popular support.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-06-05 09:46:33
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: McVeigh 
Tens of highly armed ninjas running at ones property does not
constitute a "visit." More like an "attack." If the ATF agents had
been neighbors of the Davidains, then the Davidians would have been
well within thier rights to shoot them down.
The proper thing to do would be to walk up and knock on the door. The
local sherrif suggested that percise action. However, the unassailable
feds in their ivory towers couldn't be bothered to ask any local
officials before the raid.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-06-16 05:06:43
@_author: submitking 
@_subject: Congratulations!  We found your website! 
Greetings from SUBMITKING, the leader in automated URL submissions!  We found your website using our high-technology, specially designed, "web
crawling" software.  Unfortunately, most people don't have access to this
type of technology.  But we can help!
As you're aware, most people find websites using any number of popular (and
sometimes not so popular) search engines and other marketing resources (like
"Site of the Day" (Week, Month, etc.)).  But who has the hours and hours to spend searching the Web to find these resources and THEN submit the information to each one?  We did it for you!
SUBMITKING has taken thousands of man hours to research the top resources
people use to find what they need on the Internet.  With even more hours we have written special software for each individual resource so that with the information from one form you fill out we can register YOUR site with each of these resources as well as you could do it yourself...if you had 20 or so hours on your hands. Sure, we charge for this service.  It's $19.95 for submission to all 200
resources.  Which works out to less than a dime each.  If you COULD do each
site in just 5 minutes (paying yourself .10 each) you'd do 12 an hour (thus
earning a whopping $1.20 per hour).
Probably 50 or 100 visitors to your site is all it would take to see a huge
return on your investment.  It's a logical thing to do when you consider all
the benefits you stand to gain from being listed in 200 places. That being
said we can say no more.  We simply invite you to visit the site at
 and Thank-you for your time.
Kind regards,

@_date: 1997-06-29 01:54:06
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Bomb-making instructions.... 
Just for the record, _The Anarchist's Cookbook_ is full of
purposefully dangerous misinformation. It is written so that if you
follow enough of its recipies, you *will* kill yourself. I suggest old
archives or the newsgroup rec.pyrotechnics, which, until is self-
censored itself, provided excellent safety advice as well as how to
make things go boom. I'd imagine that there is still a wealth of
information about safety.
BTW, when making nitrocellulose, ice baths are your friends, cold
water will just not do. "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-03-25 20:16:28
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
Does anyone here actually know the requirements for common carrier
status? (A web search proved mostly uniformative, except that now I
know that Ohio University offers a course in CC Regualtions.) While my
intuitive notion of what a CC is does mean that ISP's are not good
CC's (ISP's want to not carry every newsgroup, want to not let people
have accounts for any old reason, etc), remailers seem like a perfect
candidate. For example, you could have a remailer that has one simple
rule: they only allow 10 messages a day from people who aren't other
anon. remailers. That way, the system isn't rejecting any traffic
"unreasonably," and gains some legal protection. If someone form, say,
a praticularly profitable religous institution calls up and says "We
belive that certain copywritten internal documets were sent through
your remailer." You say "Sorry, dude, I just pass the messages along."
I imagine that there would be problems keeping messages anonymous ir
regards to the feds, as I imagine that there would be some analogy to
phone taps, but legal protection from civilians is a step in the right
direction, and a few remailers in civilized jurisdictions would make
the feds' lives difficult.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-03-27 20:29:58
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: OECD: No GAK 
I haven't seen the drafts, but the url that someone recently posted
(the ones with the commas in it) has an article about it. The article
is pretty down on the whole GAK thing, and points out a couple times
that the proposed bill pushes hard for de facto manditory GAK, despite
the gov't's past claims that it wouldn't do that.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-05-04 20:25:55
@_author: YES!@netcom.es 
@_subject: YOU ARE APPROVED! 
$4000 MAJOR CREDIT CARD... GUARANTEED!!
EVERYONE QUALIFIES...UNSECURTED CREDIT CARD!!!
*  NO Credit Checks!
*  NO SSN Number Required!
*  Major Credit Card $4000 Limit, UNSECURED!!
*  4.95% Interest Rate Per Annum!
*  LINE OF CREDIT...$15,000 UNSECURED, 5.95% Interest Rate Per Annum!
*  Offshore For Complete Financial Privacy!
*  WORLDWIDE Acceptance At More Than 8 MILLION Locations!
*  INSTANT CASH ADVANCES At More Than 350,000 Banks & ATM's!!
*  MLM With $25.00 Fast Start Bonus!
*  3X6 Forced Matrix... With High Demand, You'll Fill It Within 30 Days!!
                          ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED!!!!!
For complete information AND application go to:
FAX ON DEMAND:  415-273-6168 Doc# 1
*IMPORTANT*   In order for your application to processed properly, please use sponsor id# 542                           ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED!!!!!

@_date: 1997-05-12 02:21:55
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Hmmm, fuming suphulic acid, eh? What, a skim of yellow powder
spontaneously appears on the surface? Kids, the above article is a collection of errors and omissions. Don't try this at home.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-05-13 04:09:55
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: The War is Underway (fwd) 
Netscape Communicator has S/MIME built in. I'd imagine that their
support is kinda cheezy and underuses crypto, but it's a step in the
right direction. Considering how open the internet is to snooping, I
think it's nearly insane for business users to not use crypto. I guess
it's testimony to the effectiveness of draconian gov't regualtions.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-05-17 04:03:51
@_author: success 
@_subject: Search Engine Secrets 
Dear Friend and Fellow Entrepreneur,
DISCOVER The Most Powerful & PROVEN Strategies that Really Work To Place You At The Top of the Search Engines!
If you have a web page, or site, that can't be found at the top of the search engines then this will be the most important information you will ever read. You are about to Discover the most Powerful Strategies used only by the very best on the Web... strategies so Powerful that once used will place your Web Page or site at the TOP 10 - 20 search engine listings!
These TOP SECRET strategies will provide you with a cutting edge advantage
over your competition and give you the long awaited results you have been looking for.  Just imagine opening a Floodgate of People into your Home Page because you have the right information.  It doesn't matter if you have one page or 1000 pages you can achieve a top rating with this powerful information and soon squash your competition!
This in-depth report covers:
 Search Engine Tactics your competition doesn't want you to know!
 The best kept secrets to getting you a top 10 - 20 listing!  The 10 top keywords searched for!
 Getting better positioning than your opposition even when they have the   same identical keywords!
 Proven techniques for selecting the most effective keywords and how to   arrange them!
 A powerful way to get your listing seen by potential customers, even if   they're not looking for you!
 A little-known way to get multiple listings for your site in the same   search engine!
 Proven strategies used to resubmit your page or site and get that top   rating even if you have it listed already!  How to get people to go to your site first even if they see your   competition!  The most powerful words used to create the best Web Pages!  A Web tool used to market successfully in the Newsgroups!  Five things you should NEVER do!
If you aren't at the top of the search engines now... your competition is!  It's estimated over 1000 new Web Pages are coming online every day!  Newspapers are reporting over 14,000 new www addresses are being submitted every week.  The competition grows every minute!  It just makes sense, that those who know and apply this information will definitely have the best chance of realizing their dreams of success. This in-depth report is normally US$49.95... However, if you order within the next 10 days... we'll include ABSOLUTELY FREE... OVER 1000 Links where you can advertise your web site FREE and you can have it all for JUST US$19.95!  This INVALUABLE information alone is worth the asking price!  Don't delay...this Extraordinary and Valuable Information can be yours today for ONLY $19.95 (USA FUNDS).  Why Wait...Order Right Now!
As an added BONUS, if you respond within 10 days:
You'll also receive free tools, images, and tips to help you with Your Web Page construction, including free CGI scripts, buttons, backgrounds, and loads of  Jpegs and Gifs, including animated Gifs!
Please print, cut, and fill out the following order coupon:

@_date: 1997-05-25 01:38:19
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Check this one out! 
You have got to check out this awesome web page I found!!!
CLICK HERE TO GO TO THE WEB PAGE !!! [ you must be over 18 years of age to access it.  :) ]

@_date: 1997-05-25 12:38:36
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: You have got to check this one out! 
You have got to check out this awesome web page I found!!!
CLICK HERE TO GO TO THE WEB PAGE !!! [ you must be over 18 years of age to access it.  :) ]

@_date: 1997-11-08 01:58:09
@_author: 56810465 
@_subject: Are you getting loads of $5 orders in your mailbox everyday? I am !! 
I Never Thought I'd Be the One Telling You This:
I Actually Read a Piece of e-mail and I'm Going to Europe on the Proceeds!
My name is Karen Liddell; I'm a 35-year-old mom,wife, and part-time
accountant.  As a rule, I delete all unsolicited "junk" e-mail and use my
account primarily for business.  I received what I assumed was this same
e-mail countless times and deleted it each time.
About two months ago I received it again and, because of the catchy line, I
finally read it.  Afterwards, I thought, "OK, I give in, I'm going to try
this.  I can certainly afford to invest $20 and, on the other hand, there's
nothing wrong with creating a little excess cash."  I promptly mailed four $5
bills and, after receiving the reports, sent out some e-mail advertisements.
 After reading the reports, I also learned how easy it is to bulk e-mail for
I was not prepared for the results.  Everyday for the last six weeks, my P.O.
box has been overflowing with $5 bills; many days the excess fills up an
extra mail bin and I've had to upgrade to the corporate-size box!  I am
stunned by all the money that keeps rolling in!
My husband and I have been saving for several years to make a substantial
downpayment on a house.  Now, not only are we purchasing a house with 40%
down, we're going to Venice, Italy to celebrate!
I promise you, if you follow the directions in this e-mail and be prepared to
eventually set aside about an hour each day to follow up (and count your
money!), you will make at least as much money as we did.  You don't need to
be a wiz at the computer, but I'll bet you already are.  If you can open an
envelope, remove the money, and send an e-mail message, then you're on your
way to the bank.  Take the time to read this so you'll understand how easy it
is.  If I can do this, so can you!
The following is a copy of the e-mail I read:
                  This is a LEGAL, MONEY-MAKING PHENOMENON.
        PRINT this letter, read the directions, THEN READ IT AGAIN!!!
You are about to embark on the most profitable and unique program you may
ever see.  Many times over, it has demonstrated and proven its ability to
generate large amounts of CASH.  This program is showing fantastic appeal
with a huge and ever-growing on-line population desirous of additional
This is a legitimate, LEGAL, money-making opportunity.  It does not require
you to come in contact with people, do any hard work, and best of all, you
never have to leave the house, except to get the mail and go to the bank!
This truly is the lucky break you've been waiting for!  Simply follow the
easy instructions in this letter, and your financial dreams will come true!
 When followed correctly, this multi-level marketing program works
perfectly..100% EVERY TIME!
Thousands of people have used this program to:
     - Raise capital to start their own business
     - Pay off debts
     - Buy homes, cars, etc.
This is your chance, don't pass it up!
OVERVIEW OF THIS EXTRAORDINARY ELECTRONIC MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING PROGRAM
This is what you will do to reach financial freedom:
You will send thousands of people a product for $5.00 that costs next to
nothing to produce and e-mail.  As with all multi-level businesses, you will
increase your business building your downline and selling the products
(reports).  Every state in the U.S. allows you to recruit new multi-level
business online (via your computer).
The products in this program are a series of four business and financial
reports costing $5.00 each.  Each order you receive via "snail mail" will
     -$5.00 cash
     -The name and number of the report they are ordering
     -The e-mail address where you will e-mail them the report they ordered.
To fill each order, you simply e-mail the product to the buyer.  THAT'S IT!
 The $5.00 is yours!  This is the EASIEST multi-level marketing business
FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS TO THE LETTER AND BE PREPARED TO REAP THE STAGGERING
*******I N S T R U C T I O N S*********
This is what you MUST do:
1. Order all 4 reports shown on the list below.
*For each report, send $5.00 CASH, the NAME & NUMBER OF THE REPORT YOU ARE
ORDERING, YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS, and YOUR RETURN POSTAL ADDRESS (in case of a
problem) to the person whose name appears on the list next to the report.
*When you place your order, make sure you order each of the four reports.
 You will need all four reports so that you can save them on your computer
and resell them.
*Usually within 10 days you will receive, via e-mail, the four reports.  Save
them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the
1,000's of people who will order them from you.
2. IMPORTANT-DO NOT alter the names of the people who are listed next to each
report, or their sequence on the list, in any way other than is instructed
below in steps "a" through "f" or you will lose out on the majority of your
profits.  Once you understand the way this works, you'll also see how it
doesn't work if you change it.!!  Remember, this method has been tested, and i
f you alter it , it will not work.
a.  Look below for the listing of available reports.
b.  After you've ordered the four reports, take this advertisement and remove
the address under REPORT   This person has made it through the cycle and
is no doubt counting their 50 grand!
c.  Move the name and address under REPORT  down to REPORT d.  Move the name and address under REPORT  down to REPORT e.  Move the name and address under REPORT  down to REPORT f.  Insert your name and address in the REPORT  position.
  Please make sure that you copy everyone's name and address ACCURATELY!!!
3. Take this entire letter, including the modified list of names, and save it
to your computer.  Make NO changes to the instruction portion of this letter.
4. Now you,re ready to start an advertising campaign on the WORLDWIDE WEB!
 Advertising on the WEB is very inexpensive, and there are HUNDREDS of FREE
places to advertise.  Another avenue you could use for advertising is e-mail
lists.  You can buy these lists for under $20 for 2,000 addresses or you can
pay someone a minimal charge to take care of it for you.
5.  For every $5.00 you receive, all you must do is e-mail them the report
that they ordered.  THAT'S IT!  ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME-DAY SERVICE ON ALL
ORDERS!  This will gaurantee that the e-mail THEY send out with YOUR name and
address on it, will be prompt because they can't advertise until they receive
the report!
AVAILABLE REPORTS
******Order Each REPORT by NUMBER and NAME******
-  ALWAYS SEND $5 CASH FOR EACH REPORT (checks not accepted)
-  Make sure that the cash is concealed by wrapping it in two sheets of paper
-  On one of those sheets of paper, include:  1.) the NUMBER and NAME of the
report you are ordering, 2.) your e-mail address and 3.) your postal address
(in case of problems) It is suggested that you rent a mailbox to avoid having
your home address being sent to millions of peolple.
REPORT  "Making Millions Through Advertising"
Order REPORT  From:
         MJP Enterprises
         PO BOX 30404
         Alexandria, VA 22310
REPORT  "Creating Your Ad"
Order REPORT  From:
         GCM, Dept. C
         8867 Highland Rd. Suite 112
         Baton Rouge, LA 70808
REPORT  " Sales and Product Description"
Order REPORT  From:
      A.R. Ball
         1428 Josephine St.---suite D
         New Orleans, LA 70130
REPORT  "Online Advertising"
Order REPORT  From:
         F & T Marketing Group
         PO BOX 305
         Binghamton, NY 13902
   HERE'S HOW THIS AMAZING PLAN WILL MAKE YOU MONEY$
Let's say that you decide to start small just to see how well it works.
 Assume your goal is to get 10 people to participate on your first level.
 (Placing a lot of FREE ads on the internet will EASILY get a larger
response.)  Also assume that everyone else in your organization gets ONLY 10
downline members.  Follow this example to achieve the STAGGERING results
1st level-your 10 members with $5........................................
2nd level-10 members from those 10($5 x 100)..........................$500
3rd level-10 members from those 100($5 x 1,000)......................$5,000
4th level-10 members from those 1,000($5 x 10,000).................$50,000
                                       THIS TOTALS-----------$55,500
Remember friends, this assumes that the people who participate on;y recruit
10 people each.  Think for a moment what would happen if they got 20 people
to participate!  Most peolple get 100's of participants.  THINK ABOUT IT!
Your cost to participate in this is practically nothing (surely you can
afford $20).  You obviously already have an internet connection and e-mail is
*****TIPS FOR SUCCESS*****
*  TREAT THIS AS YOUR BUSINESS!  Be prompt, professional, and follow the
    directions accurately.
*  Send for the four reports immediately so you will have them when the
   start coming in because:
When you receive a $5 order, you MUST send out the requested product/report
to comply with the U.S. Postal and Lottery Laws, Title 18, Section 3005 in
the U.S. Code, also Code of Federal Regulations vol. 16, sections 255 and
436, which state that "a product or service must be exchanged for money
*  ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME DAY SERVICE ON THE ORDERS YOU RECEIVE.
*  Be patient and persistent with this program.  If you follow the
instructions exactly
   the results will undoubtedly be SUCCESSFUL!
*  ABOVE ALL, HAVE FAITH IN YOURSELF AND KNOW YOU WILL SUCCEED!
*****YOUR SUCCESS GUIDELINE*****
Follow these guidelines to guarantee your success:
If you don't receive 10 to 20 orders for REPORT  within two weeks, continue
advertising until you do.  Then, a couple of weeks later you should receive
at least 100 orders for REPORT   If you don't, continue advertising until
you do.  Once you have received 100 or more orders for REPORT  YOU CAN
RELAX, because the system is already working for you, and the cash will
continue to roll in!
THIS IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER:
Every time your name is moved down on the list, you are placed in front of a
DIFFERENT report.  You can KEEP TRACK of your PROGRESS by watching which
report people are ordering from you.  If you want to generate more income,
send another batch of e-mails and start the whole process again!  There is no
limit to the income you will generate from this business!
*****T E S T I M O N I A L S*****
This Program does work, but you must follow it EXACTLY!  Especially the rule
of not trying to place your name in a different position, it won't work and
you'll lose alot of potential income.  I'm living proof that it works.  It
really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy money, with little cost
to you.  If you do choose to participate, follow the program exactly, and
you'll be on your way to financial security.                  Sean
McLaughlin, Jackson, MS
My name is Frank.  My wife Doris, and I live in Bel-Air, MD.  I am a cost
accountant with a major U.S. corporation and I make pretty good money.  When
I received the program I grumbled to Doris about receiving "junk mail".  I
made fun of the whole thing, spouting my knowledge of the population and the
percentages involved.  I "knew" it wouldn't work.  Doris totally ignored my
supposed intelligence and jumped in with both feet.  I made merciless fun of
her, and was ready to lay the old "I told you so" on her when the thing
didn't work... well, the laugh was on me!  Within 2 weeks she had received
over 50 responses.  Within 45 days she had received over $147,200 in $5
bills!  I was shocked!  I was sure that I had it all figured and that it
wouldn't work.  I AM a believer now.  I have joined Doris in her "hobby".  I
did have 7 more years until retirement, but I think of the "rat race" and
it's not for me.  We owe it all to MLM.                          Frank T.,
Bel-AQir, MD
The main reason for this letter is to convince you that this system is
honest, lawful, extremely profitable, and is a way to get a large amount of
money in a short time.  I was approached several times before I checked this
out.  I joined just to see what one could expect in return for the minimal
effort and money required.  To my astonishment, I received $36,470.00 in the
first 14 weeks, with money still coming in.                     Sincerely
Yours, Phillip A. Brown
Not being the gambling type, it took me several weeks to make up my mind to
participate in this plan.  But conservative that I am, I decided that the
initial investment was so little that there was just no way that I wouldn't
get enough orders to at least get my money back.  Boy, was I surprised when I
found my medium-size post office box crammed with orders!  For awhile, it got
so overloaded that I had to start picking up my mail at the window.  I'll
make more money this year than in any 10 years of my life before.  The nice
thing about this deal is that it doesn't matter where in the U.S. the people
live.  There simply isn't a better investment with a faster return.
                     Mary Rockland, Lansing, MI
This is my third time to participate in this plan.  We have quit our jobs,
and will soon buy a home on the beach and live off the interest on our money.
 The only way on earth that this plan will work for you is if you do it.  For
your sake, and for your family's sake, don't pass up this golden opportunity.
 Good luck and happy spending!
                                        Charles Fairchild, Spokane, WA
ORDER YOUR REPORTS TODAY AND GET STARTED ON
YOUR ROAD TO FINANCIAL FREEDOM!!!!!!!!

@_date: 1997-11-30 11:02:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another Anti-Privacy Bigot Heard From (was: The Guilmette/Burnore deba 
What part do you expect the goverment to play in this scenario,
though?  Shall they establish an "Internet Truth Police" squad?
The problem is, for just about every accusation there is another
voice saying that the first accusation is false and counter-accusing
that the original accuser is a "filthy rotten liar".  Neither of
these rival accusations deserves to be believed without supporting
It's obvious that when you refer to one party in a debate as an
"anon asshole" that your mind is already made up and you're really
afraid of hearing all the facts.  It is evident that there are a far
larger number of NON-anonymous "assholes" on the net.  Such ad
hominem anti-privacy bigotry only betrays the weakness of your
position.  Ideas can stand on their own and if you must resort to an
ad hominem smear campaign to make your point, you are already well
on your way to losing the debate.  Are you implying that if an
"anonymous asshole" were to say, for example, that the world is flat
that you'd prefer to know the person's name so that you could dig up
dirt to smear him with rather than simply refuting his IDEA?
Why do I get the impression that your modus operandi is to
intimidate potential opponents into remaining silent rather than
refuting their ideas in reasoned, rational debate?
To anyone who hates privacy so much, I'd invite them to post their
snail mail address, home phone number, Social Security number, and
date of birth lest they likewise be accused of "hiding" something.
Most are too hypocritical to do so, of course.

@_date: 1997-11-30 19:12:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another Anti-Privacy Bigot Heard From (was: The Guilmette/Burnore deba 
That was an impressive tantrum that you and Belinda just staged.  I
suppose you thought it would distract attention from the fact that
you still refuse to reveal what your motive was for harassing Jeff
Burchell this summer in a failed attempt to get him to turn over the
logs containing the names and e-mail addresses of everyone who
either sent or received an anonymous message through his remailer.
Your attempt to spread F.U.D. (fear, uncertainty, and doubt) among
the remailer user community is reminiscent of the "Church" of
$cientology's similarly rabid anti-remailer tactics.  Your fanciful
posts about "anonymous assholes", "cyber stalkers", and other bovine
excrement don't even make good fiction anymore.  I'll take ElRon's
sci-fi over yours any day.
If posts from "anon assholes" really offend your sensitive feelings,
then you might want to stay away from most of the NGs where you've
been posting your blather.  SUGGESTION: stick with "safe" groups
like comp.org.cauce where anonymous posts are banned and content is
censo^h^h^h^h^hmoderated to ensure an appropriate level of political

@_date: 1997-09-09 17:58:21
@_author: The.Givers 
@_subject: Take a chance and WIN! 
If you would like to enter for a chance to win $40,000 in cash, a 1997 Corvette, or a 1997 Tahoe winners choice... (State Registration Please click here Thank you for your time.
The Givers Foundation (Charity Raffle)

@_date: 1997-09-18 05:42:19
@_author: Ben Cox 
@_subject: National Security Committee amendments to SAFE 
Carl Ellison says:
How could that possibly be binding?  Anything the court system thinks is
subject to judicial review is subject to judicial review.

@_date: 1998-04-09 00:21:00
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: 40 MILLION EMAIL ADDRESSES LOW PRICE !!! 
40 MILLION EMAILS FOR SALE  super low price!
Our Fresh Addresses Will Bring You Incredible Results!
If you REALLY want to get the word out regarding
your services or products, Bulk Email is the BEST way to do so, PERIOD! Advertising in newsroups is good but you're competing with hundreds even THOUSANDS
of other ads. Will your customer's see YOUR ad in the midst of all the others?
Bulk Email will allow you to DIRECTLY contact your
potential customers. They are much more likely to
take the time to read about what you have to offer if it was as easy as reading it via email rather
than searching through countless postings in There is a secret to effective Bulk Email...HIGH
QUALITY LISTS! There are SO many companies offering bulk email lists that are months old and it's not
uncommen for HALF of those addresses to be outdated
and undeliverable. Also, most companies offer lists
that they have compiled from addresses extracted from
newsgroups, THE WORST PLACE TO GET ADDRESSES FROM!
Why? Simple, most people that post messages in news-
groups KNOW that their addresses might be extracted
so they use FAKE addresses resulting in undeliverable
You can now get FRESH, HIGH QUALITY lists of addresses
that have NOT been extracted from newsgroups! Our lists
are compiled of addresses that we have extracted from member directories and help forums where you CAN NOT
use fake email addresses! Also, our lists are LESS than
1 month old and are CONSTANTLY updated to remove dupes
and undeliverables! Our emails can be downloaded at a web site or be shipped to your home in disks.  Our emails are in text form, one line per email.  This form is compatible with Pegasus, Eudora, Microsoft email programs, and many other popular email softwares. We believe that if you have a great product or service for everyone, you should let everyone know.  Do it cost effectively today!  Sending emails doesn't cost you one cent!  In just one night, millions of people will know about your company or your corporation.  Market your company by reaching 40,000,000 (40 million) fresh customers for only $79.00!!!!
Special Sale!  Buy the 40 Million email addresses today and receive Email Platinum Professional Version FREE! Email Platinum Pro is 4 programs in one!  (This message is sent by Email Platinum.  You can too send out mass sales letters professionally.)
Email Platinum is an extremely fast mass emailer (150,000 emails per hour with modest Pentium) that does four things:
1) Collects email addresses from newsgroups, web sites, or from AOL member files by key words and by specific interests.
2) Mail out your sales letters with automated friendly addressing (example: Dear John, Dear Nancy, etc.) Ramdomizes from and to field.  One push of a button does it all. Guarantee no cut and paste.
3) Have capability to remove email addresses of people who don't like emails.
4) Post your sales letters to THOUSANDS OF NEWSGROUPS WITH A PUSH OF A BUTTON --- within HALF AN HOUR!!
Email Platinum and Email Addresses are your best sales tools! If you have a good product, you will be rich in no time.
Call today (415)585-3825.  All for $79. Not a penny extra.
Call today (415)585-3825.  Technical support available 24 hours. Emails are updated regularly. We can accept Visa or Master Card. Or, simply print this form and fill it out.  Mail it along with $79 check or money order to:
Alex Chiu
PO BOX 16547
San Francisco CA  94116
(415) 585-3825
Upon the receipt of your payment, you will immediately be instructed via email or by phone on how to download the fresh email addresses.
Name: _________________________________
Address: ________________________________________
Telephone number: ___________________________
Email address: ______________________________
Don't want to email millions of people yourself?  No problem.  I can do it for you professionally!  I mail out two million emails for you within 3 days for $129!!  Tell me what kind of customer you would want, and I will set the target with my highly targeted list.  A mere $129 service includes:
Email two million people. (targeted prospects)
Post advertisement on 2000 newsgroups.
telephone recommendations and technical support on how to make money on the internet.
I guarantee you this is a great way to start your own company on the internet.  Few months later, you will be like me making $5000 a month with internet!  Call (415) 585-3825 if you have any question.

@_date: 1998-04-09 00:33:39
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Adult CD 
Are you interested in ADULT Cd-ROMs we would like to give you 2 FREE sampels, se more about this                great offer at :
No obligations at all ! !  - just a nice offer from Denmark.
This is a one time offer - if you are not interested you will not hear from us again.

@_date: 1998-04-10 01:40:25
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Adult CD 
Are you interested in ADULT Cd-ROMs we would like to give you 2 FREE sampels, se more about this                great offer at :
No obligations at all ! !  - just a nice offer from Denmark.
This is a one time offer - if you are not interested you will not hear from us again.

@_date: 1998-04-15 03:30:53
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: WE ARE WILLING TO PUT OUR MONEY WHERE OUR MOUTH IS! 
THIS PROGRAM HAS CHANGED OUR LIFE!  IT WILL CHANGE
                          YOURS.   WE WILL EVEN HELP!
  DO YOU WANT TO EARN BIG MONEY IN YOUR SPARE TIME?
  IF YOU DO, THEN READ THIS LETTER COMPLETELY!!!
  Dear Money Making Opportunist,
  Enclosed is important information on how you can EARN BIG MONEY at
home  in your spare time.  Please take a few minutes to read this important
information; it could change your life.  This is a Money Making Program
that you can promote to generate HIGH MONTHLY COMMISSION.  The
company has been in  business since 1986 and is registered with the Better
Business Bureau.  Thousands of people are Earning Extra Income right
from their own homes in their spare time promoting this company!
  Joann Publications of West Hempstead, NY. became a distributor for this
 Company back in May of 1996.  She is NOW Earning More Money promoting
this Company that she was able to leave her Full Time Job  (J.O.B.= Just Over
Broke, {(*>*)}smile).
  Hazel Peppergood of Dana Point, CA. makes a Full Time living promoting
BIG  mail order companies.  Hazel also became a Distributor for this Company
back in May of 1996.  Her first Commission check was for $900, Now she is
Earning even larger Commission checks!
  Peggy Austin of Valatie, NY. became a Distributor for this Company in April
of 1997.   Peggy started mailing out Commission Flyers with her dealership
number on them and in her first month she Earned $540.00 in Commission.
  All you have to do is place your ID Code # on the Commission Flyers, stuff
them into envelopes, place address labels and stamps on them and mail.  Its
Easy Work And Its Profitable!
  The reason why this letter was sent to you is to help YOU Earn EXTRA Money
promoting honest mail-order companies and not get ripped off.  You can start
by Joining into this Commission program.  Once YOU Join, all you have to do
mail out Commission flyers.  In the second half of this letter, is an
application form
and complete information on how this AMAZING Dealership Program works. JOIN
NOW, it could change your life!
  This is a Great Opportunity, you can EARN thousands of dollars promoting
program.  Whats good about this program is that you can call this company
they will answer all your important questions.  They will also mail out 1,000
Flyers for YOU just for joining.  With this program you dont have to fill
any orders
or place your name on the flyers.  All you do is place your distributor code
on them and mail them out.  All orders go to the Company and if your
number is on the order forms they will send you your
.......................The Money Adds Up Fast.
                   THIS LETTER CAN CHANGE YOUR LIFE!  READ ON!
  Hello, Im  excited about my ALL NEW Money-Making Opportunity Mailing Kit,
that is loaded with money making opportunity flyers. Im so sure it will work
you that Im to prove it.  Im putting my money where my mouth is and backing
up with a Full Money Back Guarantee!  If for any reason you decide NOT to
participate in this money making venture, just RETURN MY complete Opportunity
Mailing Kit in good condition within 30 days and I will refund your money
with no
questions asked!
  PLUS, if you Order Now, ahead of everyone else I will print and mail out
THOUSAND commission flyers for YOU to get YOU started.  Included in my
Opportunity Kit, YOU will receive my secret NINJA $25-a month method of
promotion which has earned me hundreds of thousands of dollars.  This
information alone is worth $99.   What are you waiting for?
    This Opportunity Mailing Kit, is Available EXCLUSIVELY through BOOKWORM
BENNY INC!  It was designed for YOU to make money by mailing out my
flyers and by using my AMAZING promotional mailing system.; I know that if
follow my instructions you will be well rewarded!
    The cost to participate in this money making venture is a One Time
fee of ONLY $200.00. If you want to be a WINNER and start making some real
money for a change then this is your chance to do it.
                      YOU DO NO SELLING, NO PHONE CALLING!
    This Opportunity is NOT a Multi-level Marketing program.   Its just a
way for you to START your own HOME BASED business and EARN extra cash
easily and cheaply!
    This is NOT a joke.  All you do is mail out my commission flyers that you
receive in my starter kit. When you receive my Opportunity Starter Mailing
enclosed you will find a large batch of my commission flyers with full
and your own personal code number All you have to do is place your personal
code number on all the flyers and mail them to HOT Prospects.  All orders
to me and I will Pay YOU $100.00 commission on every Opportunity Mailing
Kit order that I receive with your code number Plus, I will also PAY YOU 25%
commission on my other commission offers that in with your code number from
your mailing efforts YOU see, YOU have many ways to EARN Money when you
order my ALL NEW Home Based Opportunity Mailing Kit!
                                 WATCH THE MONEY ADD UP FAST!
   YOU could EARN $1,000 per month with just 10 Opportunity Mailing Kit;
With ONLY 100 sales, you could EARN a WHOPPING $10,000.........YOU DECIDE!
    When you JOIN into this Mailing program, 1,000 commission sales flyers;
be mailed to generate sales on your behalf. Your original One Time Investment
ONLY $200.00 for this Money Making Opportunity, therefore it only takes a few
sales to be in PROFIT!
   This Money Making Opportunity is for SERIOUS people only. My offer is
order this Money Making Opportunity for a One Time Distributor Fee of $200.00
Right Now and all mailing material will be sent to you with full instructions
you can get off to a fast start.  I will also include my Secret NINJA
System Absolutely Free!
                          $$ MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE! $$
    You cant afford to wait. Order today and 1,000 commission flyers will be
out on your behalf But you MUST JOIN NOW! To speed up the process you can
call your order in right over the phone at 516-486-1379. My office hours are
11AM. To 5PM. Monday-Thursday EST. I will accept your Visa, Mastercard and
AMEX as payment. To Fax in your order simply complete the order form below.
Dont forget to include your credit card information and fax in the completed
application form to my Fax 516-539-9635. When ordering by mail just complete
the application form and return with your payment.
   I really hope you see the Incredible Opportunity in front of you here!
are NO catches. I really want you to succeed. If you succeed then I succeed
as well.  If you have any questions whatsoever please call me at 516-486-1379
and I will try and answer all your important questions!
    Thanks to your patronage Bookworm Benny donates $1.00 of every order
received each and every month to the Muscular Dystrophy Association. I am
so proud to be able to donate this money to Jerrys Kids each and every
month on ALL OUR BEHALF to such a worthy cause..............GOD Bless!
PS. Ive been in this business and at the same Postal Box since 1986. You
can rely on me to do my part in this Money Making venture.  If you do
yours  then...........WATCH THE MONEY ADD UP FAST!!!
Bookworm Benny
If You've Read This Far, Very Good & Congratulations! YOU Are Type Of
Person Who is Ready For Success. If You Don't Want To Go Any Further,
Here Is A FREE Report Just For Reading This Entire Message Click Here:>
mailto:worldmall-info at autoresponder.freeyellow.com  The Free Report:
 THE CHALLENGES OF OWNING A HOME-BASED MAIL ORDER BUSINESS .
                              HANDY ORDER FORM
  BOOKWORM  BENNY  INC.
  P.O. BOX 1007
  NEW HYDE  PARK NY 11040
  PHONE (516)-486-1379 ,  FAX (516)-539-9635
  DISTRIBUTOR # D-4482
 Yes, sign me up.  Enclosed is my $200.00 One-Time Distributor Fee.  I
 understand that if for any reason I decide NOT to participate in this
money making venture all I have to do is return all the mailing material
that I received in good condition within 30 days after receiving them
for a refund with no questions asked.
Email:______________________ at _____________________
____ Check  _____  Money Order   ____ Visa   _____ Mastercard  ____ AMEX
  Credit Card # ________________________________________
  Exp. Date:_____________________
                                               DISTRIBUTOR # D-4482
    (c) Bookworm Benny Inc. 1997)
SPECIAL FREE ONLINE BONUSES FOR THOSE RESPONDING IMMEDIATELY.
If you respond immediately to this offer,  the following help and incentives
available from  DISTRIBUTOR If You Submit Your Bookworm Benny Registration Form And Respond Immediately
To This Offer, You Will Receive A Vacation Certificate(a $285.Value)
FREE With No Obligation Whatsoever.   For More Information about our vacation
certificates check out our VC Site at:
 PS. You can also request a Premium Order Form from D-4482 that you can use
to order Vacation Certificates to boost your own mailing responses after you
join the mailing program.  Premium Order Form at:[ you can print a copy]
Reminder:  Bookworm Benny Inc will mail out 1000 assorted commission flyers
your behalf to get you started.
THE WARRIORS OF INTERNET MARKETING! An Internet Marketing Resource
Site -    This Site is
to blow you away because you've NEVER seen anything like this!  You will have
ONE FULL YEAR (Money-Back Guarantee) to decide and examine this site to see
whether you like the thousands of dollars worth of FREE Marketing
FREE reports and How-to Books, etc. for a low ONE-TIME,  Life-Time Membership
Fee. (Tons Of Benefits are available, e.g.. you can also receive 3 FREE
Autoresponders). I 'm going to let you decide.  TWO THUMBS UP ON THIS ONE!!
 PS.  Please email me at mailto:miguel at batelnet.bs and let me know how you
this particular site  (above).
Bulk Email Service That I Use. (Very Inexpensive & So Far  very Effective,
Youll See)!
Also you will be able check out a bulk email software under a $100 from this
if you want to do your own bulk emailing.
Free/Low cost Classified Sites that we use, also our favorite Free
Classified Site that we use most.  Don't pay anyone for online classified
ads.    {Classified Sites Submitter
100 Software (new) & Reseller Program! This is It!  You will be able to
submit your free classified AD to 100 sites in 5 to 10 seconds instead
5 to 10 minutes wow!)
The Right to use the materials we'll send you as incentives and for your own
marketing, etc. (excluding where specified).  e.g. You can use the Bookworm
Benny E-Flyer(new word) that was sent to YOU, youll just change the
Distributor ID # etc. Also refer your customers to our marketing site or you
may create your own from ours.
If You Pay Anything For A WebSite Now...Youre Paying Too Much!!!
    FREE WebSite - Includes 2 Megs of Disk Space.  Update Anytime.
    FREE WebSite Wizard - The Best WebSite Builder On The Internet Today.
    FREE WebSite Manager - Helps You Manage All Your WebSite Files.
    FREE Graphics Library - Add Awesome Animated Images To Your Website.
    FREE Web Site Counter - Tracks Your WebSite Visitors.
    FREE  Email Order Forms - Simple Copy And Paste Order Forms.
    FREE Email-On-Demand - Autoresponds Your Info Via Email.
    FREE File Uploading - Your Favorite Images And Files.
    FREE Tech Support - Advanced Automated Email Tech Support.
    FREE Search Engine - Copy and Paste onto Your Web Site.
    You can also use the above services in your own marketing ventures.
    You can use our help if needed when using the above service.  You will
    contact us via email.  .  You will contact us via email.  All the above
    offered by one Company and they provide technical support as well.
Four FREE resports:
a} HOW TO PUBLISH FREEBIE AD MAGAZINES FOR FUN & PROFIT
b} HOW TO MAKE A QUICK $1000 SELLING DISCOUNT CARD LICENSES
    TO FUND RAISING ORGANIZATIONS.
c} MAKING MONEY GIVING AWAY FREE SOFTWARE
d} MAKING MONEY WITH DISCOUNT CARDS
Feel FREE to use these any way you wish!
Your Free, Private Life-Time E-mail If You Need Another One!
TO RECEIVE ALL OF YOUR BENEFITS, PLEASE E-MAIL US AT
mailto:michellev at batelnet.bs  AND FAX A COPY OF YOUR OFFICIAL
WELCOME LETTER FROM BOOKWORM BENNY, INC WITH YOUR
D- CODE WRITTEN AT THE TOP TO FAX# 352-373-3856.    OR YOU
MAY MAIL THE LETTER TO THE ADDRESS BELOW.   AND FOR A
BETTER-THAN-RISK-FREE GUARANTEE YOU MAY KEEP ALL THE
INCENTIVES TO USE  IN YOUR NEXT BUSINESS VENTURE IF YOU
DECIDE TO EXERCISE YOUR BOOKWORM BENNY GUARANTEE
OPTION! SO WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR??     GO FOR IT, YOU
HAVE NOTHING  TO LOSE!!!..........G E T     S T A R T E D     T  O D A Y!
    DISTRIBUTOR D-4482 MAILING ADDRESS:
    WORLD DISTRIBUTION NETWORK
    3324 West University Ave.     Gainesville, FL 32607-2540
    V.M.:(800-642-1202 BOX 633
     Web:     (A World Of Products Are At Your Finger Tips (TM)
The World's Largest Calling Card!! (smile)
   *********$ 1 0   F  R  E  E    C  a  l  l  i  n  g  !  ! *********
   $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
   YOU may Print & detach this temporary card for your conve-
  nience.Limit one card per household (Credit Card is required)
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
   S p o n s o r e d   B y :   >   {   M  B  9  9  4  1  4  3    }
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
  And that's not all:  NO Sign-up Fees, NO Service charges,
  Pick Your own card and PIN  Save up to 90% with 17c a
  minute rate, and enjoy the fastest Connection Time.  That's
  right all this and more... Any Time, All Day, Every Day.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    To Activate This card, just call: 1*800*962*2190
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
YOUR CARD # : [    ][    ][    ][    ][    ][    ][    ][    ][    ][     ]
Usually Your Area Code + Home Tel.No.+A Pin # (e.g.Birthdate)
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 To use your card: {1} Dial 1-888-TEL-3-444 toll free. {2} Card
 No. when prompted. To place a call; For USA,  809"s, 242's, &
 Canada: Dial 1+ Area Code + Number.  For   International: Dail
 011 + CountyCode + City Code =   Number, To place another
 call: Press { { To Disconnect:  Press  {*}{*}
   <>TEL(3)TM Communications & Technology<>
 $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
              $$$$$$$$$$$    THE BUSINES MINI-MALL     $$$$$$$$$$$
 1] {Turn A One-Time - $39 into $14 grant!}
2] {Email Answering Biz opp.}
3] {Enter code:85130 When Ordering}[10,000+ Videos & Cd-roms ]
4] {Video & Cd-rom biz opp. FREE Website!}
5] {Marketing Tools & Biz Opp.. You Are Not Going To Beleive This!!}
6] {Sell Your Real Estate With Easy Mortgage!}
7] {Home Mailing Biz Opp Program [HOT!!]}
8] {Order Form-Boost Your Profits With Premiums!}
9] {Save Thousands On Your Mortgage With This FREE Software & Service!}
10] {Classified Sites Submitter 100 Software & Reseller Program! This is It!)
11] Email-On-Demand - mailto:onlinebrochure at infofree.com
{Easy Mortgage Money Consultants Wanted!}
12] {Bookworm Benny Home Mailing Program!}

@_date: 1998-04-20 00:42:26
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: *Four Very Hot Services* 
24 HOUR GAY TV ON YOUR COMPUTER SCREEN
Incredible MEN on MEN movies from the privacy of your own computer chair.
Let Them entertain you! The movies play on your computer screen. You do not need any special software. We have the fastest video anywhere. 24 hours / 7 days a week, with over 200 hundred Hardcore Shows Playing. We add new movies each week.
No per-minute charges, we have one low priced monthly fee, of $19.95. (Cancel at any time). It really is an Incredible value!! It is private and portable with any lap top with a modem.
 GAY MOVIES, CHAT, PICTURES, PERSONALS, CHAT ROOMS,
GUIDE TO SIGHTS AND SERVICES
 We offer Gay Pictures, Movies, State-of-the-art all male chat rooms, Personal adds, Stories, and an On Line Guide to gay web sights and services. You will have access to Movies from around the world, (no special software needed + no per minute fee) 24 Hour Hardcore Gay TV with 200 hundred movies running 24 Hours per day. We believe in Complete Customer Satisfaction. You will not be disappointed!
(Cancel at any time).
 STRAIGHT MOVIES 24 HOUR
We have over TWO HUNDRED Hardcore sex movies running 24 hours a day! Watch from the privacy of your computer chair, on your screen. No special software is needed, No per-
minute fees, stay on as long as you like. You only pay one reasonable fee of 19.95 per month, cancel at any time. You will have unlimited access. We add new movies each week.
 STRAIGHT CHAT, PERSONALS, PICS, LINKS,MOVIES
 Chat Rooms, Personal adds, Pictures, Stories, Movies, 10 Thousand Sex Links (The largest collection on the web)! 24 Hour Hardcore Porn Channel, (no special software needed). Quick time Movies from around the world. You will have unrestricted access to all of these features for one low price.
We believe in Complete Customer Satisfaction.
You will not be disappointed. (Cancel at any time).
* We Aim to Please ! *

@_date: 1998-04-20 21:34:37
@_author: 57873.Tim 
@_subject: Nickel-A-Minute Long Distance Service Here NOW! 
NICKEL- A- MINUTE Long Distance Service is Here NOW.
YES, IT IS REAL: 5 per minute Long Distance Service 7 days/week, 24 hours/day! with an 18 second minimum, and 6 second billing increments. - and incredibly Low International Rates too.
But here's the best part: you can use this rate from any phone: your Cell Phone, Pay Phones, your neighbors phone, etc. For details simply mailto:tim at allways.net with "info" in the Subject Header
You're online. and likely make long distance toll calls, so here's a chance to reduce long distance costs. Tthis is a benefit to you, however,  if you wish, simply put "remove" in the subject heading, and you will be placed on our Permanent Remove List and will never intentionally recive email from us again.

@_date: 1998-04-29 19:13:43
@_author: profits_juno.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hi Dear Friend.
     I know you are looking for ways to either start your own home based business or looking for new ideas or products to enhance your current
business. Well, we have good news for *everyone*.      We have been closed for a while now so that we could  implement a
whole new design for our business.  We wanted to create a business that
had everything you need to start a new  business or find new ideas, products
and services for your existing business. We wanted  everything to be one website so that you would not have too look elsewhere for your needs.
     We are very proud to announce that we have completed our project. Our website is now open again. We are your *total* business resource.
We have your complete business needs all in one website. We have *millions*
of e-mail addresses, over 1000 business reports in various areas, classifieds,
software library, Bulk Friendly and Non-Bulk hosting and e-mail service
and MUCH MORE!!! Our membership is a one time LOW payment plus you can earn a referral
fee for *everyone* you sponsor!!  The biggest  problem with starting a new business on the Internet is,
most people dont where to go to find the information or products they need. And for those already in business, they may know where or how to find something, but  they just dont have the time to surf the Web  for hours. Come and visit our website for *all* your Internet Business needs!!
We now offer Bullet Proof webhosting AND E-Mail Addresses  at an affordable rate. No more hassles from your ISP or web
hosting service!! You will NOT find a better deal on
bulk friendly hosting ANYWHERE!!!  So, become a member TODAY and get  your business moving!!!

@_date: 1998-08-16 13:33:36
@_author: Millennium.Marketing 
@_subject: Food For Less 
Everybody Eats Food: and they will always buy GROCERIES! Greetings: I am sending you this only because Everybody, Everywhere can BENEFIT from this
program. I have received Bags of Testimonials STATING Everybody should Hear of this, so if you are Interested in Being Given $215.00 Please Read On. That is the bottom Line and one thing you can count on until the Earth stands still. If you had a chance to trade $25.00 for $240.00 would you do it, well that is what I am offering you today. This is how the program works, By using the certificates in the books, you receive grocery coupons of your choice, not chance, for products that you regularly purchase and use. The benefit to you is substantial savings on your grocery bills, due to having far more coupons for the products that you regularly purchase. We currently have an inventory in excess of 10 million coupons spanning over 1,200 national, name-brand products. Product categories include: breakfast cereals and products, coffees and teas, frozen foods, paper products, laundry products,
household cleaners, personal care products, pet products, baby care products, and dozens of other categories of products purchased by thousands of people every day. What makes the program unique is that the Grocery Coupon Certificate Books allows you to choose coupons for the products that you already purchase and use. Instead of wasting time searching through the Sunday newspaper or magazines to find coupons, you simply fill in the product selections on the back of a grocery coupon certificate for coupons that you need. Then send the completed certificate to the warehouse and receive your grocery coupons within ten to fifteen working days. Each Grocery Coupon Certificate Book has a suggested retail price of $24.95 and contains twenty, ten-dollar grocery coupon certificates. In addition, each certificate book also contains four valuable Bonus Certificates. The certificates offer a phenomenal $240.00 in potential savings for a one-time, minimal investment.
However, if you take advantage of grocery stores that offer to double or even triple the face value of coupons on certain days, the potential savings from using the certificate books will be much greater. Because of this unique product, thousands of people across the country will have the freedom to choose the coupons they need and begin saving up to 50% or more off their grocery bills every time they shop.
"I urge anyone seeking a lucrative, ground-floor business opportunity to contact us immediately, so that they may take advantage of our incredible program and realize the fantastic savings and profits available to anyone who uses our Grocery Coupon Certificate Books."
It's easy to see why several top professionals in network marketing are saying that this is "by far the best MLM opportunity to surface in a very, very long time." For more information on purchasing a Grocery Coupon Certificate Book or becoming a distributor please call, Toll Free   1-888-512-6113, if busy or no answer. It is because of the over whelming response we've had on the Grocery Coupon Certificate Books and all of our operators are with customers, please leave your name and phone number and Customer Service will return your call. You also can e-mail us at discount_food at hotmail.com  If you want to purchase a coupon book send your address along with a $26.00 check or money order that is $25.00 plus $1.00 Shipping to.
Discount Food Connection
3006 W 34th suite Anchorage, Alaska 99517
Allow 1 Week For Delivery
Thank You
Jerry Williams
Discount Food Connection
If you are not interested in our Grocery Coupon Certificate Books, disregard this This is a one time mailing and only those that respond to this promotion will ever hear from us again. Thank You Discount Foods

@_date: 1998-08-24 00:39:02
@_author: DirectServer 
@_subject: Stay Home, Lose Weight, Make Money! 
Stay Home, Lose Weight, Make Money!
If you'd like to lose weight or make money or BOTH, I'd like to send you a FREE report that will give you an advantage you never knew you had.
This information does not promote a specific company or "magic" product,
rather it offers insight to a special system of marketing that has been quietly
successful for many people and I am now willing to sharing it for a limited time.
To recieve your FREE report simply request "MORE INFO" in the subject field,
leaving the message area blank. Please do not hit reply. E-mail request for MORE INFO here:  funbiz at a-vip.com
This offer is not likely to be made again. If you would like
to be take off this mail list however, please write " VOID"
in the subject line and leave the message area blank and your request
shall be honor immediatly. Request here:  voidlist at hotmail.com Thankyou.

@_date: 1998-12-01 08:37:13
@_author: "dan_verton"@fcw.com 
@_subject: bonjour 
this is not my list and I want off as well.
falcon falcon  on 12/01/98 11:19:07 AM
Please respond to press-english-technical at lists.datafellows.com
please remove my name from your email list.
re qu'une version fiable pour windows sortira un jour

@_date: 1998-12-01 08:42:16
@_author: "dan_verton"@fcw.com 
@_subject: MEDIA RELEASE: DATA FELLOWS AND SONERA JOIN FORCES TO CREATE	 SECURE VPN S... 
please remove my name from the cc address when you send this... I'm on this
thing as well
eschuman at cmp.com on 12/01/98 11:21:21 AM
Please respond to press-english-technical at lists.datafellows.com
Same request. May I be removed from this list as well?
falcon falcon  on 12/01/98 11:20:14 AM
Please respond to press-english-technical at lists.datafellows.com
bcc:  Evan Schuman/MHS/CMPNotes
Please remove my name from your email list.

@_date: 1998-12-09 12:06:49
@_author: 54+6 
@_subject: CALL 1-800-HOT-PUSSY....CALL NOW!! 
Hi Sexy,
I am lonely waiting for you to call me. Let me be the "Little Secret" in your life!
These lines are extremely xxx-rated. Adults over 18 only!!! Sex starved
girls will give you a hot sexual experience you'll never forget. Not
recommended for people with weak hearts or bad backs!!!
Call 1-800-HOT-PUSSY(468-7877)
$2.99-$4.99 per min.        Billed by Teleworld
Visa/Mastercard/Amex      Must be over 18
Call 1-900-288-LIVE(5483) (US ONLY)
Billed as 1-ON-1 on your phone bill
$25.00 per call    Must be over 18
1-900-451-PUSSY(7877) (Canada)
$2.99-$4.99 per min. (US $)
CALL NOW!!!     CALL NOW!!!       CALL NOW!!!

@_date: 1998-12-14 22:32:08
@_author: 785 
@_subject: CALL 1-800-HOT-PUSSY....CALL NOW!! 
Hi Sexy,
I am lonely waiting for you to call me. Let me be the "Little Secret" in your life!
These lines are extremely xxx-rated. Adults over 18 only!!! Sex starved
girls will give you a hot sexual experience you'll never forget. Not
recommended for people with weak hearts or bad backs!!!
Call 1-800-HOT-PUSSY(468-7877)
$2.99-$4.99 per min.        Billed by Teleworld
Visa/Mastercard/Amex      Must be over 18
Call 1-900-288-LIVE(5483) (US ONLY)
Billed as 1-ON-1 on your phone bill
$25.00 per call    Must be over 18
1-900-451-PUSSY(7877) (Canada)
$2.99-$4.99 per min. (US $)
CALL NOW!!!     CALL NOW!!!       CALL NOW!!!

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
The Laissez Faire City Times is a private newspaper. Although it is
published by a corporation domiciled within the sovereign domain of
Laissez Faire City, it is not an "official organ" of the city or its
founding trust. Just as the New York Times is unaffiliated with the city
of New York, the City Times is only one of what may be several news
publications located in, or domiciled at, Laissez Faire City proper. For
information about LFC, please contact CityClerk at LFCity.com.

@_date: 1998-12-21 14:02:41
@_author: www.hk.super.net/ 
@_subject: the greatest date line in america!! 
Are you looking for love,marriage or just someone to have fun?
Men and woman who could share your own interest are waiting
to hear from you!  match yourself with the right person!
thousands of single peoples wants to hear you!
and you can talk with people of your area!
don't feel lonely anymore!
just call the greatest date line in america! 10 minutes free of charge when you call!
call now!
1-800-939-8355 (credit card)
only $2.99 per minute,no minimum.
must be 18+ to call.

@_date: 1998-02-16 02:39:18
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Turn Your Computer Into a Personal Mail Server 
Look at the Headers in this Message.
If you like what you see read on.
This message was sent to you courtesy of the amazing new technology of  the "Rapid Fire Mail Server" (RFMS).  RFMS transforms your computer into a personal mail server.  With no additional hardware, RFMS software will give you complete control of  your mailings, because the mail you send will originate from your computer and be delivered directly into the mailbox of your recipient.  Since the mail originates from your computer, it is no longer necessary to use your Internet Service Provider's mail server.
When you use the previous generation stealth or cloaking type programs, they work by uploading your mail to your provider's mail server.  They can also be programmed to send mail through other providers mail servers without authorization (this is considered theft of service).  The problem is, the previous generation stealth type programs upload the messages faster than these mail servers can process them. Many times this causes a provider's mail server to bog down and crash.  Obviously, this will make providers furious with you.  Furthermore, you may think that you are sending hundreds of thousands of messages, unfortunately, most of it simply gets filtered and deleted by the mail server.  You are lucky to get 10%-20% of that mail delivered.  With Rapid Fire Mail Server software YOUR computer emulates a mail server and YOU actually control and watch all your mail being delivered piece by piece. There is a 100% delivery rate with this program anywhere on the internet. We did say 100% delivery rate to any internet email addresses. A bold claim but it is true.  This is the latest technical advance in bulk email since the advent of the stealth type programs.  This program verifies domains and validity of email addresses before sending mail. This dramatically reduces your bounced back undeliverables. Bounced back undeliverables can sure bog down a server. You can also control where you want any bounced back mail to go. It can go to any email address you want with Rapid Fire Mail Server.  Rapid Fire Mail Server can work with ANY dial up internet account, an ISDN line or a T-1 or T-3. It runs on Windows 95 or NT.
We have not heard of any person losing a dial up account with this software. One reason bulk email is so frowned upon with numerous ISP's is people try to send as much mail as they can, as quick as they can and crash the mail server of the ISP. This won't happen with Rapid Fire Mail Server software since you don't use the mail server of the ISP to send your mail. The program actually sends the mail directly from your computer which is now a bona fide mail server, to the recipients mail server avoiding any potential blocks that would prevent you from reaching those on your mailing list. You do not have to
"forge" headers or randomize anything to have 100% of your mail delivered, although the program does allow for randomization and customizing of headers. You can send
mail omitting the "to" "from" and "reply to" portions of your headers.   Want to send out your messages in color. Not a problem with Rapid Fire Mail Server. Just select a font color with your mouse, and then click on a background color as well. Want to make your font bold or put it into italics, just point and click. Want your message centered or shifted left or right, once again just point and click.
Rapid Fire Mail Server works with any Windows 95 or NT computer. It requires no additional hardware or software.
The Rapid Fire Mail Server sends at speeds up to 80,000 messages per hour DELIVERED using a modest pentium and a 28.8 modem. Rates will dramatically increase with an ISDN or cable modem and of course with a T-1 they will be even faster. If you want to take advantage of this breakthrough in Bulk EMail Technology give us a call. Oh, if you were wondering the program costs $700.  We don't plan on repeat mailings for this product. If you think the price is too high, well we can sell you Stealth for $200. You might be happy with Stealth if you don't mind frequent loss of dial-up accounts, a lot of complaints, not getting a lot of your mail delivered due to blocks and crashed mail s
ervers deleting your mail, along with the resulting low response rate from your mailings, then stealth would probably make you happy. LOL
Call us at 1-612-557-0034
for more info and ordering info.  So give us a call today.

@_date: 1998-07-19 05:41:51
@_author: Life.Without.Debt 
@_subject: No Subject 
Get Out Of Debt For Life Program If I have offended you in any way I apoligize.
This list is meant for people who are interested in
making money or business opportunities. Simply reply
with Remove and our software will block you from further I am the mailer of this invitation, and just one of the many people in the Easy Money, Compound Leveraging, Educational Program, who is determined to help YOU become financially independent!
 ..... Have you ever wished that you could find a money creating, mail order program that is simple enough, and cheap enough to promote, that all you need to do, is get in, tell a few friends about it and get Rich Quick, without leaving the comfort of your own home?
 Well, my friend, .................You have finally found it!
  I recently became involved in this plan, by responding to a flyer just like the one below this letter. I spent only $5 out of my pocket to get started, and began receiving envelopes  with money inside them, just a few days  after entering the program.
 ... I could not believe my eyes, at first, because I had not even had time to tell anyone about the program, so I dug through the pile of other mail order junk on my desk, and I found the information on the Life Without Debt Plan, that I had received the previous week and I Re-read every word trying to find a catch, because I was sure there must be one! Guess What,!!! The catch is there is no catch!
 ... I also called the person who mailed me the plan, to ask how this happened so fast! He explained the plan, as best he could, but said he did not know much, except that he to was receiving money in the mail almost daily, yet he had only started advertising, by mailing a few flyers each week.
 ..... He told me to advance to the next steps as instructed in the information kit, because that was what he had done, and my envelopes of money would have larger sums in them, from that point on!
.. I advanced to the additional plans, and behold, believe it or not, the envelopes of money come to my mail box daily, and they get fatter and fatter, every single day, with more money in each envelope!
 .. I know the plan can work for YOU too! Give it a try! You have nothing to loose and everything to gain!
 ...Return your completed Form Below, and $5 cash, to the computer center as soon as possible, so the data entry folks can place some of the folks responding to my mailings under you!
..They only accept cash because they turn it around immediately and send it out to the people already in the program.  They don't have time to deal with cashing checks and tracking down bad ones which is time consuming and costly.
 ......... If you need to contact me to ask questions, Email me at iglooy at postmaster.co.uk ... I will be happy to answer any question you have, About this fantastic opportunity, If I can, although I'm new to the program, and to tell you the truth, I don't care how it works, because I know it works, Even if I don't understand everything! Lord Knows, What would happen, if I knew how it works!!
John Ball

@_date: 1998-07-21 13:34:04
@_author: Richard Storey 
@_subject: NSA's Long Strong Arm 
At the first article is the most interesting. It demonstrates what I have
always believed, that the state's reason for limiting encryption was
mainly to pressure corporations, who are driven by profits, to adopt the
state's desired encryption features. These NSA-approved products from
American corporations should be seen as contaminated, tainted and
Would you purchase hardware or software that meets the government's
export standards--approved by NSA?
"Never," Davis declared. "My customers come first!"
Richard Storey

@_date: 1998-07-22 10:21:19
@_author: ZeroInt 
@_subject: (fwd) Topic is Internet server stalkers AKA Cyberpunks 
Thought this might be of interest.
On Tue, 21 Jul 1998 12:40:48 -0500, in misc.survivalism "~The Seventh
Sign~"  said:

@_date: 1998-07-22 13:02:45
@_author: ZeroInt 
@_subject: (fwd) Topic is Internet server stalkers AKA Cyberpunks 
Though this might be of interest
On Tue, 21 Jul 1998 12:40:48 -0500, in misc.survivalism "~The Seventh
Sign~"  said:
Nobody important wrote
Hello people I will address this in an off topic way to many of you
but you must learn about the
type of individual we have been dealing with.
1.)Has plenty of time on his hands and may be something else in his
had is you catch my drift.
2.)Thinks it is a cool thing to try to shut down servers and hack into
systems. Use to have his own
web site but not now.
3.)Has use of library computers so he thinks he won't get caught.
4.)Mad at his Dad for not being there for him. Making him made at the
5.)Has been posting sollog crap trying to shut down servers that
burned him.
6.)Thinks 'Archangle'(A well known name in the hackers sites.) is his
7.)Has probably send hate mail to you and other members of the group
using the anonymous remailers
rigging the response to finger the other member of the group.
Who's servers is he trying to shut down you ask.
 (Hacking (Don't get your info here a page cost you
$9.95USA), sollog and other
 Ditto the above!
 Anonymous remailers that he has been abusing like
rubber gloves after hemorrhoid
surgery. You could send the stuff to abuse at replay.com but I think the
little punk wants you to mail
bomb his account. or you could send your complaints to
postmaster at nym.alias.net but you would play
into the little punks hand like I did.
DEFENSE AGAINST THIS ANTAGONIST IS SIMPLE:
whatshitten will be his name from this point on.
Solagged would be good too.
A profit prophet is what sollog is no predictions have ever come true.
Just take my message and repost it under all of his post thank you!

@_date: 1998-07-27 11:35:30
@_author: Your Yashy 
@_subject: Spam Help 
I was wondering if I could get some help setting up a filter. I'd liketo create a folder called "SPAM". Then all email that are in the spam folder, I would like forwarded to abuse@  that it was sent from. I'm using Pegasus Email 3.01b
thnx in advance.
"I, of course, deny I called judge Santiago Campos a FASCIST PIG"
-bill payne June 19, 1998
100 YashDollars to first person to try every link.
(including links derived from links)
p.s. SPAM PROOF Email address. Remove the "*" to reply.

@_date: 1998-06-19 02:12:04
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Never Recieve Junk Mail Again! 
Wouldn't it be great to never get junk e-mail again? Well, No one can make you that promise unfortunetly....but you can Profit from junk e-mail.There's an old saying "If you can't beat em..join em!" You can make incredible money sending your own mass e-mails. If you own your own business or have a product or idea to sell , then you probably know that all advertising works..it's just a question of whether it's cost effective or not. What could be more cost effective that a ZERO cost of adverising? If you sent out 500,000 e-mails which would take you only a few minutes to set your computer up to do,and you only recieved one half of one percent responce..that would be 2500 people responding to your ad. And the cost to do it was NOTHING. Junk e-mail is here to stay, the U.S Congress in their infinite wisdom has recently passed legislation legitimizing mass e-mail. So wouldn't it be nice to laugh every time you recieve a piece of junk e-mail from someone because you'll know for every one you recieve ,you're sending out hundreds of  thousands. If your computer is sitting idle while you're at work or play...your crazy! You could be earning money while your asleep,at work or out having fun. It's not like you have to sit there and watch it run!
     So why isn't every one doing it. Well, your local internet service provider spent lots of money installing filtering equiptment to keep out this so called junk e-mail and in fact for years there's been sort of a fun little war going on between the junk e-mail software writers and the internet serrvice provider filter software writers to see who could out smart who.The end result is that sending mass e-mails legally has become an art . But it's really all about knowing the secrets and having the right software.
      AVATAR Publishing is offering you the type of expertise and support that would take you years to learn.We know all the secrets (obviously or you wouldn't be reading this would you?) and we have the software to deliver to most of the internet service providers. So her's the offer... AVATAR is offering you a mass e-mail starter kit complete with step by step instructions on how to get sarted sending out mass e-mail...a current explanation of what's legal and not legal...how to extract e-mail addresses from the internet ...how to get targeted e-mail addresses...a FREE trial version of the most effective mass e-mail software program ever developed...a list of bulk e-mail friendly internet service providers....a complete explaination of the secrets of how to legally get your mail through the filtering and why it works....and finally a real telephone number so you can have technical support and keep updated on new developments in the mass e-mail community.The total cost of this kit is only  $29     If you would like to stop having you computer sit idle while your at work or asleep and start having it make money for you  .....   Send $29  to AVATAR Publishing
                                                                                  832 Colorado Blvd.
                                                                                  Los Angeles,Ca 90041 If you would like to be removed from our e-mail list ,send a written request to the above

@_date: 1998-06-22 17:23:58
@_author: Martin C Sweitzer 
@_subject: export Laws regarding less than 40 bit encryption 
Can anyone point me to a document that clearly states the laws governing
the export of software with less than 40 bits worth of encryption. The ITAR made my head hurt.  (damn lawyers)

@_date: 1998-03-01 13:39:31
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: 68 Million Email Addresses - 99.00 
68 MILLION
 EMAIL ADDRESSES
 FOR ONLY $99  You want to make some money?  I can put you in touch with over 60 million people at virtualy no cost.
 Can you make one cent from each of theses names?
If you can you have a profit of over $600,000.00 This offer is not for everyone. If you can not see the just how excellent the
 risk / reward ratio in this offer is then there is nothing I can do for you. To make money you must stop dreaming and TAKE ACTION.
PACKAGE  A
68,000,000 email addresses on CD
These name are all in text files
ready to mail!!!
PACKAGE B
68,000,000 email addresses on CD
These name are all in text files
ready to mail!!!       AND
15 Different Bulk email programs and tools  to help with your mailings
and list managment.
$ 139.00
PACKAGE  C
THE WORKS
68,000,000 email addresses on CD
These name are all in text files
ready to mail!!!       AND
15 Different Bulk email programs and tools  to help with your mailings
and list managment.
             AND Over 500 diferent Business Reports
now being sold on the internet for up to
$100 each. You get full rights to resell these reports.
With this package you get the email addresses, the software to mail them AND ready to sell  information products.
AND ...... . a collection of the 100 best money making
adds currently floating around on the internet.
$ 189
SEVERAL WAYS TO ORDER !!!
IF YOU ORDER BY PHONE WE WILL SHIP YOUR CD CONTAINING THE 68 MILLION + NAMES WITHIN 12 HOURS OF YOUR ORDER!!!
  1) WE ACCEPT:  AMERICAN EXPRESS OR
                               VISA <> MASTERCARD
     TYPE OF CARD  AMX / VISA / MC??_______________
      EXPIRATION DATE   ___________________________
     NAME ON CREDIT CARD________________________
     CREDIT CARD      BILLING ADDRESS ____________________________
     CITY_________________________________________
    STATE________________ZIP_____________________
   PHONE INCLUDE AREA CODE___________________
    EMAIL ADDRESS______________________________         WE WILL BILL selected amount to your account plus the following shipping costs
        SHIPPING  COST OF 3.85 FIRST CLASS MAIL
        SHIPPING COST OF  15.00  24 HOUR EXPRESS MAIL /  FEDERAL EXPRESS
        SALES TAX (7.25%) added to CA residents   >>> Send correct amount in cash, check or money
order to:
  >>> ELECTRIC EMAIL
  >>> 702 Mangrove Avenue, Suite 151
  >>> Chico, CA 95926
  2) Send the same above requested credit card information to above address.    3) Fax the same above credit card information to 530-895-
   4) Call phone # 530-876-4291.  This is a 24 hour phone number to place a CREDIT CARD order.
   5) FAX A COPY of your signed check to 530-895-8470.
       This is an EXCELLENT way to order without a credit card!
Electric Email is a private company and is not affiliated with, or endorsed by, AOL, MSN, or any other Internet Service Provider.
Copyright 1998
All rights reserved
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.         Amendment I, The US Constitution                                                                :-)

@_date: 1998-03-01 18:20:49
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Accept this FREE gift-FREE  1 HOUR LD CALLING CARD 
FAST EARTH CASH AND A FREE  1 HOUR LD CALLING CARD TO
THE FIRST 300 EMAIL FRIENDS WHO RESPOND TO THIS OFFER!
A new revolution is coming to America.  One simple fact. . . . . . . . . There is a new way to wash clothes without soaps or detergents and
earn a KINGS RANSOM from working at home!!! A new study links skin,
liver and kidney cancer to most soaps and detergents in use now!!!  Our
plan is the fastest and easiest in the U.S.A.  $30,000, $70,000, $100,000
per month is possible within 6 months.  Our unit saves soap, water, energy and time.  We would love to show you how we did it.  Please  717-288-0400
with your name, address, phone and fax number so we can speed you this fun,
educational and futuristic info pack!  We need your fax number to fax you the calling card.  Accept this FREE gift for reviewing our info pack.  We
have the lowest LD rates in the nation. . . 7.9 cent LD, 5 cent local!  We can
help you save and make thousands per year!!!  Let's help SAVE the PLANET.
 phone # 717-288-0400

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: Radio show, 6/28/93 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
percent giving seven fat years during the days of Pharaoh in Egypt, why then
you are tracing the
roots of lower taxes and rising prosperity to religion.... You can trace
individual prosperity,
economic growth back to the Bible, the Old Testament. Isn't it amazing?"
(Radio show, 6/28/93)
REALITY: Amazingly wrong. Genesis 41 is about the wisdom of INSTITUTING taxes,
cutting them. After Pharaoh had a dream that prophesied seven fat years to be
followed by seven
lean years, Joseph advised him to "appoint officers over the land, and take up
the fifth part of the
land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years...and lay up corn under the hands
of Pharaoh." In
other words, a 20 percent tax on the grain harvest would put aside food for
use during the famine.
Pharaoh took Joseph's advice, and Egypt avoided hunger during the famine.
LIMBAUGH: "It has not been proven that nicotine is addictive, the same with
cigarettes causing
emphysema [and other diseases]." (Radio show, 4/29/94)
REALITY: Nicotine's addictiveness has been reported in medical literature
since the turn of the
century. Surgeon General C. Everett Koop's 1988 report on nicotine addiction
left no doubts on
the subject; "Today the scientific base linking smoking to a number of chronic
diseases is
overwhelming, with a total of 50,000 studies from dozens of countries," states
Britannica's 1987 "Medical and Health Annual."
LIMBAUGH: "Most Canadian physicians who are themselves in need of surgery, for
scurry across the border to get it done right: the American way. They have
found, through
experience, that state medical care is too expensive..." (Told You So, p. 153)
REALITY: "Mr. Limbaugh's claim simply isn't true," says Dr. Hugh Scully, chair
of the
Canadian Medical Association's Council on Healing & Finance. "The vast
majority of Canadians,
including physicians, receive their care here in Canada. Those few Canadians
who receive health
care in the U.S. most often do because they have winter homes in the
States--like Arizona and
Florida -- and have emergent health problems there." Medical care in Canada is
hardly "too
expensive"; it's provided free and covered by taxes.
LIMBAUGH: "There are more American Indians alive today than there were when
arrived or at any other time in history. Does this sound like a record of
genocide?" (Told You So,
p. 68)
REALITY: According to Carl Shaw of the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs,
estimates of the
pre-Columbus population of what later became the United States range from 5
million to 15
million. Native populations in the late 19th century fell to 250,000, due in
part to genocidal
policies. Today the U.S.'s Native American population is about 2 million.
LIMBAUGH: "Women were doing quite well in this country before feminism came
(Radio show, quoted in FRQ, Summer/93)
REALITY: Before feminism, women couldn't even vote. LIMBAUGH: "Anita Hill followed Clarence Thomas everywhere. Wherever he went,
she wanted
to be right by his side, she wanted to work with him, she wanted to continue
to date him.... There
were no other accusers who came forth after Anita Hill did and said, 'Yeah,
Clarence Thomas, he
harassed me, too.' There was none of that." (TV show, 5/4/94)
REALITY: Hill could not have continued to date Thomas, since they never dated.
Two other
women, Sukari Hardnett and Angela Wright, came forth in the Thomas case with
similar charges. LIMBAUGH: On Whitewater: "I don't think the New York Times has run a story on
this yet. I
mean, we haven't done a thorough search, but I--there has not been a big one,
front-page story,
about this one that we can recall. So this has yet to create or get up to its
full speed--if it weren't
for us and the Wall Street Journal and the American Spectator, this would be
one of the biggest
and most well kept secrets going on in American politics today." (TV show,
REALITY: The New York Times BROKE the Whitewater story on March 8, 1992, in a
front-page story by Jeff Gerth that included much of the key information known
today. The
investigative article ran over 1700 words.
LIMBAUGH: Quotes President James Madison: "We have staked the future...upon
the capacity
of each and all of us to govern ourselves, to control ourselves, to sustain
ourselves according to
the Ten Commandments of God." (Told You So, p. 73)
REALITY: "We didn't find anything in our files remotely like the sentiment
expressed in the
extract you sent to us," David B. Mattern, the associate editor of The Madison
Papers, told the
Kansas City Star (1/16/94). "In addition, the idea is entirely inconsistent
with everything we know
about Madison's views on religion and government." LIMBAUGH: "And it was only 4,000 votes that--had they gone another way in
Nixon would have been elected in 1960." (TV show, 4/28/94)
REALITY: Kennedy won the 1960 election with 303 electoral votes to 219 for
Nixon. Without
Illinois' 27 electoral votes, Kennedy would still have won, 276-246.
LIMBAUGH: On Iran-contra special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh: "This Walsh story
is, we just spent seven years and $40 million looking for any criminal
activity on the part of
anybody in the Reagan administration, and guess what? We couldn't find any.
These guys didn't
do anything, but we wish they had so that we could nail them. So instead,
we're just going to say,
'Gosh, these are rotten guys.' They have absolutely no evidence. There is not
one indictment.
There is not one charge." (TV show, 1/19/94)
REALITY: Walsh won indictments against 14 people in connection with the Iran-
contra scandal
including leading Reagan administration officials like former Secretary of
Defense Caspar
Weinberger and former national security advisers Robert McFarlane and John
Poindexter. Of
the 14, 11 were convicted or pleaded guilty. (Two convictions were later
overturned on
technicalities--including that of occasional Limbaugh substitute Oliver North)
LIMBAUGH: Explaining why the Democrats wanted to "sabotage" President Bush
with the 1990
budget deal: "Now, here is my point. In 1990, George Bush was president and
was enjoying a 90
percent plus approval rating on the strength of our victories in the Persian
Gulf War and Cold
War." (Told You So, p. 304)
REALITY: In October 1990, when the budget deal was concluded the Gulf War had
not yet been
LIMBAUGH: On the Gulf War: "Everybody in the world was aligned with the United
except who? The United States Congress." (TV show, 4/18/94)
REALITY: Both houses of Congress voted to authorize the U.S. to use force
against Iraq.
LIMBAUGH: On Bosnia: "For the first time in military history, U.S. military
personnel are not
under the command of United States generals." (TV show, 4/18/94)
REALITY: That's news to the Pentagon. "How far back do you want to go?" asked
Joe Gradisher, a Pentagon spokesperson. "Americans served under Lafayette in
Revolutionary war." Gradisher pointed out several famous foreign commanders of
U.S. troops,
including France's Marshall Foch, in overall command of U.S. troops in World
War 1. In World
War 2, Britain's General Montgomery led U.S. troops in Europe and North
Africa, while another
British General, Lord Mountbatten, commanded the China-Burma-India theatre.
LIMBAUGH: Limbaugh frequently denies that he uses his show for political
activism: "I have
yet to encourage you people or urge you to call anybody. I don't do it. They
think I'm the one
doing it. That's fine. You don't need to be told when to call. They think you
are a bunch of
lemmings out there." (Radio show, 6/28/93)
REALITY: Just an hour after making the above claim, he was--as usual--sending
his troops to the
trenches: "The people in the states where these Democratic senators are up for
reelection in '94
have to let their feelings be known.... These senators, you let them know. I
think Wisconsin's one
state. Let's say Herb Kohl is up in '94. You people in Wisconsin who don't
like this bill, who don't
like the tax increases, you let Herb Kohl know somehow."
And in summation, Rush is a liar (proven by (4:1:b), 'Merriam Webster's
Collegiate Dictionary,
10th Edition", page 670-671)!
Readers should judge on their own, whether you think this proves that Rush
knew about these
lies in advance and/or had an intent to deceive when he told these lies (as
it's impossible to prove
ones state of mind). I believe he did (on both accounts), so therefore I
believe there's ample
evidence to show Rush a liar by subsense 4:1:a, and 4:2 also! Readers should
also judge whether
they think that (many of) his lies are attempts at changing history.
Stanley Rosenthal

@_date: 1998-03-20 22:26:16
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Cold Drinks Taste Better!!! 
Cold Drinks Taste Better!  (You gotta see this)
 CLICK HERE NOW!!  CoolBird keeps your favorite beverage COLD for HOURS.  Make your last sip your coldest with CoolBird!
**Perfect for --Birthdays
                  --Father's Day
                  --picnics
                  --BBQ's
                  --Bosses
                  --Lunches
                  --Trips
                  --Work
Great for anywhere and anytime!!!!
 CLICK HERE NOW!!

@_date: 1998-03-20 22:26:16
@_author: owner-cypherpunks 
@_subject: Cold Drinks Taste Better!!! 
Cold Drinks Taste Better!  (You gotta see this)
 CLICK HERE NOW!!  CoolBird keeps your favorite beverage COLD for HOURS.  Make your last sip your coldest with CoolBird!
**Perfect for --Birthdays
                  --Father's Day
                  --picnics
                  --BBQ's
                  --Bosses
                  --Lunches
                  --Trips
                  --Work
Great for anywhere and anytime!!!!
 CLICK HERE NOW!!

@_date: 1998-03-30 09:43:58
@_author: Jeremiah Blatz 
@_subject: Deniable Cryptography [was winnowing, chaffing etc] 
"Rubber hose" cryptanalysis needn't involve actual beatings in secret
underground cells. Simple example: Cops raid your house, rough you up
a little bit (not much) and toss your ass in a cell with "real '
criminals. 12 hours later they take you into a room and play good
cop/bad cop with you. Maybe you're not sure you could stand up to
this, and might panic and reveal more than you have to (remember, you
haven't been charged with a crime yet). However, if you do hold out,
the chances that you'll be let go, and get your stuff back in a few
years, are pretty high. In this case, being able to spill a key that
revelas harmless stuff is good, since the police are unlekely to hold
you for a long time.
"Dissapearing" is the regressive case, and there's not a whole lot you
can do in regressive cases. If someone really wants to defect, they
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
1/3 miles from that point.  There now remain 466 2/3 miles to go, and
bananas to eat, leaving the camel with 533 1/3 bananas upon reaching the
other side.
If the camel eats bananas in discrete quanta, we lose the fractional
banana.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: TM 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
where US BOP staff had murdered an inmate
by sticking an Electric Cattle Prod up his ass -
told his fellow inmates, "I'm sure glad I'm
Defcon McCullagh Chainsaw, who went
from being a Hard Time ReportWhore to lounging
around the Recreation Cages getting Wired on Cheap
Columbian Coffee, shrugged off last minute
efforts by the Kontrollers to Kheat by appealing
to the Judge for a two-week Extension to
the Original Finish Line.
"The Kontrollers lost," Chainsaw said with
a condescending smirk, "Plain & Simple."
Defonc speculated that the GovernMint's clever
2-week Extension Charade might have worked
if Parker's Mind hadn't Thought, as it went
Over The Wall whille listening to Pink Floyd on
"One Small XOR for a CypherPunk, one Giant
GovernMint Scrambled Mind Fuck for the Citizens."
Yogi 'Smarter Than Your Batting Average' Berra
told Nutly News ReportWhores,
  "It's the Fat Lady singing, all over again."
'Shoeless Arnold TruthMonger' (as Parker became
known after Dedicating his Mental Marathon to
the Last True CypherPunk rather than admit
his mind was slipping, and *he* couldn't find
*his* shoes, either) told Defcon McCullagh
"I'm glad to be back in CyberMind, although
I feel kind of bad about leaving Bill Gates'
mind and Carl Johnson's Body back there
in the prison cell.
"But What the Hell (TM)," he said, adding,
"Broken Eggs & All That (TCM)."]

@_date: 1999-10-09 19:17:40
@_author: Jim 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Inferno: The Constitution & Gun Rights: It's bigger than   the 2nd alone (fwd) 
There was no intent not to keep the army going full-time. The intent was to
keep them from getting funding for long periods of time. In other words to
make it harder for them to build a long-term command structure and weapons
cache's (ie hide trusted soldiers away for rainy days). The army is intended
for repelling invasions and insurrections, how often do those happen and how
many last more than two years? If an actual invasion were to take place
martial law would be invoked and the budget limits would be irrelevant at that
But your point is true enough, and I was hoping somebody would bring this
aspect up. It has some interesting points that don't seem to have been
discussed. If you or others know of references I'd appreciate a vector.
If we accept this view (which I have no problem with, it'd be hard for a
Navy to invade Kansas - navies are self limiting) we are left with
joint-contracts that involve the army and navy are unconstitutional. The other
side would be that the navy must accept the more strict contractual limitations
imposed on the army by the Constitution (what I actualy prefer because of
new weapons systems). The intent is to keep the army on a short leash and to be
able to simply bypass this by working with other arms of the military would be
contrary to the Constitutions intent. One could transfer all the army soldiers
to navy command and impliment an oppressive regime that way. I don't believe
that was what was intended.
It also raises the fact that since the Army Air Corp was turned into the Air
Force (and this applies to the Navy and Marine Corp. as well) and no specific
guidance was made via constitutional amendment as to its budget constraints
it may be unconstitutional as currently implimented. Per the 10th there is
nothing that gives Congress the authority to create new military forces
outside of the army and navy. This should be done via a constitutional
What we have today is a joint command that integrates all the various
military forces under one umbrella. That joint command is an arm of the
executive branch and not Congress, that may be unconstitutional itself. This
raises the question of how seperate they are now and how congruent with the
Constitution it actualy is.
So, because of this the Joint Chiefs and the Pentagon may be unconstitutional
as currently implimented, or one could argue that all budgets must be limited
to 2 years. Since the Constitution requires such budgets to be reviewed from
time to time it implies that a full budget review of the military is required
every two years.
If you're a citizen of the US not only is it your place it's your duty.
To quote Jefferson:
The earth belonds to the living, not the dead.
The founding fathers wanted Americans to be free peoples pursuing their own
individual life, liberty, and happiness. It is the duty of all Americans to
protect those rights, even from other Americans. We have to decide the way
*we* want to live and the kind of world our children will inheret. The kind
of world our forefathers had and the decisions they made within that milieu
are good for exemplary review only. Santyana is a good guide. If nothing
else it is clear the fight is never over. No matter what we do our children
will have to fight it all over again on different ground and different
issues. We should at least give them a fighting chance.
I don't believe for a moment the founding fathers felt they had created a
once-and-for-all document. Nor do I believe they felt they were living at
the epitome of technical and social achievement within the total history of
mankind. Part of Jeffersons stock and trade was advancement, it's why he
created the University of Virginia. They knew they couldn't predict the future
and the best peoples to judge it were the ones living it. What they wanted
was a mechanism that would guarantee that the poeple had a say and were not
ruled over by a despot or tyranny. They hoped to give us a good chance at
reaching our individual and social goals, what those goals were are for us to
decide. We, not the founding fathers, have to live with them after all. They
were, if nothing else, simply trying to be good parents (both to a country
and to their biological children) and teach us basic principles.
I don't believe in the draft, it is coersion and is contrary to the tenets
of the Constitution. An army made of people who don't *want* to fight for
their country will lose. An army of peoples who will die rather than
surrender their liberty will always win, even if they are all killed they
deny the oppressor their goals.
One does not give up democracy to protect democracy.
This does point up one aspect of nuclear defence that has also seldome been
discussed, nuclear suicide. Instead of pointing weapons at other countries
one points the weapons (lot's of them) at oneself. If another country begins
a nuclear conflict (which is inherently unwinnable) the Earth as we know it
will become uninhabitable. Who wants to subject their peoples to the starvation
and other privations that will bring on. It is better to kill oneself
quickly and humanely and in that act poison the well so the enemy suffers at
their own hands and in the worst way. I believe we will never get rid of
nuclear weapons, and shouldn't, and this is the only sane way to control their

@_date: 1999-10-09 19:17:40
@_author: Jim 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Inferno: The Constitution & Gun Rights: It's bigger than   the 2nd alone (fwd) 
There was no intent not to keep the army going full-time. The intent was to
keep them from getting funding for long periods of time. In other words to
make it harder for them to build a long-term command structure and weapons
cache's (ie hide trusted soldiers away for rainy days). The army is intended
for repelling invasions and insurrections, how often do those happen and how
many last more than two years? If an actual invasion were to take place
martial law would be invoked and the budget limits would be irrelevant at that
But your point is true enough, and I was hoping somebody would bring this
aspect up. It has some interesting points that don't seem to have been
discussed. If you or others know of references I'd appreciate a vector.
If we accept this view (which I have no problem with, it'd be hard for a
Navy to invade Kansas - navies are self limiting) we are left with
joint-contracts that involve the army and navy are unconstitutional. The other
side would be that the navy must accept the more strict contractual limitations
imposed on the army by the Constitution (what I actualy prefer because of
new weapons systems). The intent is to keep the army on a short leash and to be
able to simply bypass this by working with other arms of the military would be
contrary to the Constitutions intent. One could transfer all the army soldiers
to navy command and impliment an oppressive regime that way. I don't believe
that was what was intended.
It also raises the fact that since the Army Air Corp was turned into the Air
Force (and this applies to the Navy and Marine Corp. as well) and no specific
guidance was made via constitutional amendment as to its budget constraints
it may be unconstitutional as currently implimented. Per the 10th there is
nothing that gives Congress the authority to create new military forces
outside of the army and navy. This should be done via a constitutional
What we have today is a joint command that integrates all the various
military forces under one umbrella. That joint command is an arm of the
executive branch and not Congress, that may be unconstitutional itself. This
raises the question of how seperate they are now and how congruent with the
Constitution it actualy is.
So, because of this the Joint Chiefs and the Pentagon may be unconstitutional
as currently implimented, or one could argue that all budgets must be limited
to 2 years. Since the Constitution requires such budgets to be reviewed from
time to time it implies that a full budget review of the military is required
every two years.
If you're a citizen of the US not only is it your place it's your duty.
To quote Jefferson:
The earth belonds to the living, not the dead.
The founding fathers wanted Americans to be free peoples pursuing their own
individual life, liberty, and happiness. It is the duty of all Americans to
protect those rights, even from other Americans. We have to decide the way
*we* want to live and the kind of world our children will inheret. The kind
of world our forefathers had and the decisions they made within that milieu
are good for exemplary review only. Santyana is a good guide. If nothing
else it is clear the fight is never over. No matter what we do our children
will have to fight it all over again on different ground and different
issues. We should at least give them a fighting chance.
I don't believe for a moment the founding fathers felt they had created a
once-and-for-all document. Nor do I believe they felt they were living at
the epitome of technical and social achievement within the total history of
mankind. Part of Jeffersons stock and trade was advancement, it's why he
created the University of Virginia. They knew they couldn't predict the future
and the best peoples to judge it were the ones living it. What they wanted
was a mechanism that would guarantee that the poeple had a say and were not
ruled over by a despot or tyranny. They hoped to give us a good chance at
reaching our individual and social goals, what those goals were are for us to
decide. We, not the founding fathers, have to live with them after all. They
were, if nothing else, simply trying to be good parents (both to a country
and to their biological children) and teach us basic principles.
I don't believe in the draft, it is coersion and is contrary to the tenets
of the Constitution. An army made of people who don't *want* to fight for
their country will lose. An army of peoples who will die rather than
surrender their liberty will always win, even if they are all killed they
deny the oppressor their goals.
One does not give up democracy to protect democracy.
This does point up one aspect of nuclear defence that has also seldome been
discussed, nuclear suicide. Instead of pointing weapons at other countries
one points the weapons (lot's of them) at oneself. If another country begins
a nuclear conflict (which is inherently unwinnable) the Earth as we know it
will become uninhabitable. Who wants to subject their peoples to the starvation
and other privations that will bring on. It is better to kill oneself
quickly and humanely and in that act poison the well so the enemy suffers at
their own hands and in the worst way. I believe we will never get rid of
nuclear weapons, and shouldn't, and this is the only sane way to control their

@_date: 1999-10-09 22:38:24
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: An immediate way to end federal gun control? 
This is not new turf.  In my view you are correct, but the federales have
stolen the show through a number of legal shennagans and the refusal of
courts to hold them to their constitutional mandates.  For an excellent
review of this topic, see Brannon P. Denning, Palladium of Liberty? Causes
and Consequences of the Federalization of State Militias in the Twentieth
Century, ----- End of forwarded message from Steve Schear -----
Actualy it's not the same thing at all. As to federalization of state
militia's. This should surprise no-one since states can't keep troops of any
form, even militia. The Constitution is also clear that there can be only
*one* militia and it is a national or federal militia. Even Mr. Denning
doesn't seem to catch the paradox because of his use of 'militias' in the
plural. It also misses the point that individual rights to own weapons is
*not* based on the requirement to have a militia. If the Constitution is
taken as a whole the right of the individual to own and bear arms is in
addition to both the federal military and militia. Also, his claim that
membership in the Militia is universal is faulty as well, membership is
voluntary but by no means mandatory as he implies.
There are a couple of issues with the current implimentation of the National
Guard as well. If it's the militia then there can't be 50 of them organized
by state. If they're not the militia then the state funding that goes
directly into them is unconstitutional. The reality is that at the federal
level there are three military forces; army, navy, and militia.
I am unaware of any assaults on federal gun control laws that use this line
of reasoning; states are required to protect themselves against invasion or
periods of domestic violence not dependant upon federal or even state
resources and that this authorizes private ownership of weapons. If you can
point to a summary of such a case I'd appreciate it.

@_date: 1999-10-09 22:38:24
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: An immediate way to end federal gun control? 
This is not new turf.  In my view you are correct, but the federales have
stolen the show through a number of legal shennagans and the refusal of
courts to hold them to their constitutional mandates.  For an excellent
review of this topic, see Brannon P. Denning, Palladium of Liberty? Causes
and Consequences of the Federalization of State Militias in the Twentieth
Century, ----- End of forwarded message from Steve Schear -----
Actualy it's not the same thing at all. As to federalization of state
militia's. This should surprise no-one since states can't keep troops of any
form, even militia. The Constitution is also clear that there can be only
*one* militia and it is a national or federal militia. Even Mr. Denning
doesn't seem to catch the paradox because of his use of 'militias' in the
plural. It also misses the point that individual rights to own weapons is
*not* based on the requirement to have a militia. If the Constitution is
taken as a whole the right of the individual to own and bear arms is in
addition to both the federal military and militia. Also, his claim that
membership in the Militia is universal is faulty as well, membership is
voluntary but by no means mandatory as he implies.
There are a couple of issues with the current implimentation of the National
Guard as well. If it's the militia then there can't be 50 of them organized
by state. If they're not the militia then the state funding that goes
directly into them is unconstitutional. The reality is that at the federal
level there are three military forces; army, navy, and militia.
I am unaware of any assaults on federal gun control laws that use this line
of reasoning; states are required to protect themselves against invasion or
periods of domestic violence not dependant upon federal or even state
resources and that this authorizes private ownership of weapons. If you can
point to a summary of such a case I'd appreciate it.

@_date: 1999-10-11 16:38:30
@_author: Sean 
@_subject: CDR: Constitution, gun rights, et al 
I got this in response to something I said here.  I decided to pass
it along to you.
----- End of forwarded message from Sean Roach -----
I see the point he's making, I think it makes some assumptions that aren't
realy valid though.
At the federal level you have: army, navy, militia. All are managed by
Congress unless they hand authority to the President. In all cases the
funding and regulation comes from Congress. The states do get to appoint the
officers of the Militia however. I assume this is under the presumption that
such officers are more likely to refuse to follow federal orders if those
orders are clearly outside the line. It's a sort of checks and balances.
Now if we look at the section on states, that I claim gives the states the
responsibility to keep an indipendant force in time of invasion, there is no
stipulation as to who or how they are to be selected, organized, or funded;
other than it ain't federal or state doing it. One could argue that this
would then mean counties/parishes and then indipendant municipalities
before it gets to individual citizens, but that seems to beg the question in
my mind; not to mention they are not involved in the government of the US. It
can't be federal because there is no delegate that directs the Congress to
allocate funds for this use. It can't be the states doing the funding since
they are specificaly prohibited from doing this, without permission from
Congress, until an actual invasion or a situation that 'will not admit delay'.
This implies the sherrif and associated folks going from house to house asking
for help from the citizens as they see fit. Bubba and all his rowdies (those
that haven't been co-opted by the federal forces so far) along with Grandpa
and the two Jones' sisters ( :) ) getting in their pick-ups and going hunting.
It seems to me that it is the lower civil authorities deputizing the commen
citizen as a last ditch defence effort.
I think 'deputized citizen' is a more accurate term to describe the
participants of this last ditch effort to retain freedom.
As to the claim of militia or citizen soldiers not being effective, there
are plenty of bush wars going on right now that would argue contrary to
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
              When I die, I would like to be born again as me.
                                            Hugh Hefner
     ravage at ssz.com                                              jchoate at open-forge.org                              --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1999-10-11 16:38:30
@_author: Sean 
@_subject: CDR: Constitution, gun rights, et al 
I got this in response to something I said here.  I decided to pass
it along to you.
----- End of forwarded message from Sean Roach -----
I see the point he's making, I think it makes some assumptions that aren't
realy valid though.
At the federal level you have: army, navy, militia. All are managed by
Congress unless they hand authority to the President. In all cases the
funding and regulation comes from Congress. The states do get to appoint the
officers of the Militia however. I assume this is under the presumption that
such officers are more likely to refuse to follow federal orders if those
orders are clearly outside the line. It's a sort of checks and balances.
Now if we look at the section on states, that I claim gives the states the
responsibility to keep an indipendant force in time of invasion, there is no
stipulation as to who or how they are to be selected, organized, or funded;
other than it ain't federal or state doing it. One could argue that this
would then mean counties/parishes and then indipendant municipalities
before it gets to individual citizens, but that seems to beg the question in
my mind; not to mention they are not involved in the government of the US. It
can't be federal because there is no delegate that directs the Congress to
allocate funds for this use. It can't be the states doing the funding since
they are specificaly prohibited from doing this, without permission from
Congress, until an actual invasion or a situation that 'will not admit delay'.
This implies the sherrif and associated folks going from house to house asking
for help from the citizens as they see fit. Bubba and all his rowdies (those
that haven't been co-opted by the federal forces so far) along with Grandpa
and the two Jones' sisters ( :) ) getting in their pick-ups and going hunting.
It seems to me that it is the lower civil authorities deputizing the commen
citizen as a last ditch defence effort.
I think 'deputized citizen' is a more accurate term to describe the
participants of this last ditch effort to retain freedom.
As to the claim of militia or citizen soldiers not being effective, there
are plenty of bush wars going on right now that would argue contrary to
Using poetic license;
I suspect that if you got a squad of Texans chasing a group of non-US soldiers
out in the bush of Texas we'd have 'em for lunch. The same holds for just about
every other state as well. I can just imagine the results of a bunch of
Russians (for example) trying to chase Cajuns in the swamps of Louisiana. Or
American Indians in S. Dakota. They couldn't beat the Mujahadin and they
sure as hell won't beat us on our home turf. Compared to a Dog Soldier the
Mujahadin are amateurs.
"Give me liberty, or give me death."
 --
    ____________________________________________________________________
             Day by day the Penguins are making me lose my mind.
                                             Bumper Sticker
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:36:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
xxxx is exactly right on this. Several years ago I posted to sci.crypt
my "novel" idea for packing bits into the essentially inaudible "least
significant bits" (LSBs) of digital recordings, such as DATs and CDs.
Ditto for the LSBs in an 8-bit image or 24-bit color image. I've since
seen this idea reinvented _several_ times on sci.crypt and
elsewhere...and I'm willing to bet I wasn't the first, either (so I
don't claim any credit).
A 2-hour DAT contains about 10 Gbits (2 hours x 3600 sec/hr x 2
channels x 16 bits/sample x 44K samples/sec), or about 1.2 Gbytes. A CD
contains about half this, i.e., about 700 Mbytes. The LSB of a DAT is
1/16th of the 1.2 Gbytes, or 80 Mbytes. This is a _lot_ of storage!
A home-recorded DAT--and I use a Sony D-3 DAT Walkman to make
tapes--has so much noise down at the LSB level--noise from the A/D and
D/A converters, noise from the microphones (if any), etc.--that the
bits are essentially random at this level. (This is a subtle, but
important, point: a factory recorded DAT or CD will have predetermined
bits at all levels, i.e., the authorities could in principle spot any
modifications. But home-recorded, or dubbed, DATs will of course not
be subject to this kind of analysis.) Some care might be taken to
ensure that the statistical properties of the signal bits resemble
what would be expected with "noise" bits, but this will be a minor
Adobe Photoshop can be used to easily place message bits in the
"noise" that dominates things down at the LSB level. The resulting GIF
can then be posted to UseNet or e-mailed. Ditto for sound samples,
using the ideas I just described (but typically requiring sound
sampling boards, etc.). I've done some experiments along these lines.
This doesn't mean our problems are solved, of course. Exchanging tapes
is cumbersome and vulnerable to stings. But it does help to point out
the utter futility of trying to stop the flow of bits.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:37:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Revealing identities 
I haven't been paying close attention to the latest on the anonymity debate,
so please tell me if the following has been raised before.
In your message <9302260807.aa01498 at penet.penet.FI> of
Fri, 26 Feb 93 08:50:19 +0200 on the subject "Moral dilemma." to the
cypherpunks list, you mentioned that
While I believe that you should be able to use any policy you want for
this sort of thing, I do not believe that both your server and this policy
can survive together.
Because you/the-server cannot censor the content of anonymous postings/mail
(you lack the time, and knowledge of what is legal in every corner of the
world), you can only withdraw someone's anonymous posting permission in
response to complaints to something that they have already posted. I believe
that eventually, someone will post something so damaging/incensing that
sufficient pressure will be applied that either: the service cannot continue
(e.g. disconnected from the network), or you will be forced to reveal or
destroy the mappings between alias(es) and user(s). For example, on the
cypherpunks list, the question of what would happen if someone claiming
responsibility for the New York bombing posted through the anonymous server.
Bodies in the US (from people providing parts of the Internet service through
to political and criminal bodies such as the FBI/CIA/NSA) could easily apply
very strong pressure. Unfortunately, I feel that this pressure will come
sooner rather than later because there is nothing preventing people opposed
to the anonymous service from making these postings merely to discredit your
I think that there *MAY* be a way around this. I assume the reasons behind your
non-disclosure policy are:
i.	You cannot decide which identities should be revealed.
ii.	Revealing an identity removes their anonymity from all of their
The second of these reasons could be avoided by permitting anonymous users
to have a different alias for each posting that they make. This would increase
the loading on the alias space and records of alias<->ID mappings. I can see
no reason why you would need to reveal all of the aliases of one real identity.
The decision of when an identity should be revealed could be left to a jury:
If you receive a reasonable complaint about a posting (not just a flame, but
something more significant such as copyright violation, libel, etc) then you
would post this complaint to a group of anonymous jurors who decide on what
action should be taken. The plaintiff and defendant could even argue their
positions to the jury, and might advertise on a newsgroup asking for assistance
from relevant groups (e.g. pro/anti-anonymity groups).
The problem now is how to select the jury. Some factors are:
i.	The number of jurors influences the probability that the decision
ii.	Jurors would not want to spend too much time on the case, so there
iii.	The degree of "consensus" required for a decision. Perhaps 2/3 majority
iv.	The jury can't be composed just of users of the anonymous service
v.	Jurors would have to accept their position -- there's no use in having
I feel that the problem of selecting a jury would be easier to solve than
that of defending the anonymous service against the uproar that may result from
some postings. With this judicial process, anonymous users would also be
accountable for what they post.
Some other issues would be
i.	What happens if the jury can't decide?
ii.	What sort of "punishment" is possible? Warning the person? Barring the
The idea is *VERY* rough at the moment, but perhaps it has some merit?
As I see it, the good part for the anonymous service provider is that they
do not have to participate in the process (apart from filtering trivial
flaming cases from the judicial system), which will avoid claims of bias and
lessens your already considerable load.
---- 8< Cut Here 8< ----
Australian Telecommunications Research Institute   .-_!\  GPO Box U 1987     Email: tim at atri.curtin.edu.au  /     \ Perth, WA 6001     Phone: +61 9 351 3243          \_.-._/ Australia            Fax: +61 9 351 3244               o                  "beLIEve" -- U2 Zoo TV Tour

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:37:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Good reminder that the opponents may try to foil (or detect) such schemes.
Fortunately, signing such messages will presumably not be illegal (we
hope!) and so alterations will show up immediately and cause howls of
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:39:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Based on previous experience, a couple more will appear overnight.
Hal Finney
hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:40:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Perhaps as long as several millenia, eh?
Lefty (lefty at apple.com)
C:.M:.C:., D:.O:.D:.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:41:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Curve Encrypt is now also available by ftp from csn.org:
Read /mpj/README.MPJ for the characters to replace ???????
                              -- Will
Curve Software

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:44:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Sandy -
The system I saw on CNN actually tracked the bullets' paths through the air,
creating a trail back to the firing point.  The system wasn't described because, as the announcer claimed, the process hadn't been patented yet.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:45:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Yes, I remember that now.  My interpretation, though, was that with the
bank's help you could tell when a coin had been re-used.  This could
impair the anonymity of the cash.  Generally in the analysis of these proto-
cols one wants anonymity even if the bank and the other participants
collude.  That is the whole point of cryptographic (non-transferable) cash,
after all; otherwise the bank could just use the "Poor Man's Cash" idea
which Tim May suggested here last year and just issue cash in the form
of magic numbers with no blinding or digital sigs.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:45:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I read this paper some time ago.  Couldn't the cash still be detected as
having belonged to the original owner even after you have transferred it?
If so, then the other requirement is that you must transfer it anonymously,
otherwise they can still get back to you.
An example would be if you are doing something which the government doesn't
like, such as shipping tracts advocating egalitarianism to a country with
explicitly racist policies.  The government might be able to put pressure
on some members of the organization and use this (in effect) "marked money"
to find the others.  If you pass the money on to someone else, but they
know it came from you, and then the government comes to them, determines
that this is "dirty money" (which was given to the threatening egalitarians)
they can say "who did you get this from" and your jig is up.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:46:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Speculation on sci.crypt some time ago was that, for at least some
relatively recent model nukes, the code supplied to the PAL contained
encrypted timing information needed for the bomb to ignite.  If you
bypass the PAL, you don't provide the timing info, and the bomb
fizzles because of an asymmetric implosion..
But then, "those who know aren't telling, and those who are telling
don't know.."

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:48:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
SANDY SANDFORT
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A friend has been communicating with an expert involved in the
court case against the government in the Waco massacre.  There
are some technical issues that some Cypherpunks may be able to
shed some light on.
Before and while the compound burned, FBI helicopters continually
overflew the area.  They preportedly recorded events using FLIR (Forward Looking Infrared Radar) and thermal imaging technology.
Given the compound's frame structure, the effects of the fire on
these techniques, etc., why would FLIR and thermal imaging be used and what information would be gathered?  If someone on the list knows anything about these technologies,
please let me know by private e-mail.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:48:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
But mail and messages from "foreigners" is also "immune from state
restraint," and yet we haven't seen either a ban on mail from outside
the U.S. or a requirement that such mail be inspected, identified,
(I'm not sure if your line "our entire legal system centers around
state restraint" refers to state constraint of citizens, as you seem
to imply in your conclusion, or constraint _of_ the state, as the
Constitution seems to imply.)
Likewise, if I receive a letter, open it, and find a request to remail
it to another address, isn't this equivalent to our remailers? Does
this imply a compelling State need to open all mail?
Does the plotting of various crimes in private homes imply a
compelling State need to place microphones and video cameras in such
Clearly not, so I don't think the privacy of e-mail will soon be
breached just because there are some abuses in some people's minds.
But anonymous handbills are quite common, posted all over the place
here in my home town, and the Supreme Court ruled quite properly that
identities are not required for speech. Likewise, radio call it shows
are dominated by anonymous call-ins.
Ditto for "Name Witheld by Request" letters to the editor, etc.
Lots of speech is not anonymous, because Congresscritters are
identified, because Rush Limbaugh obviously _wants_ his name
publicized, because I want my name attached to my views, etc. But not
because there's any law saying political speech cannot be anonymous.
Quite the contrary.
--Tim May

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:49:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Actually we are getting strong interest from almost everybody but RSA.
I imagine that RSA may have some plans in this area, but what they are
is unknown to me.
Har! Besides the certificate problems, are there other problems with
PEM that have prevented its adoption?
Our implementation supports this X.509 stuff as well. We don't have a
DUA yet though...

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:50:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
It has been stated publicly several times that we do plan to allow
user configurable certificate authority and server trust.  A user
will be able to configure their browser to talk to servers that have
certificates signed by any CA they choose to trust.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:51:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Perhaps.  Some authors might be offended by the idea that
using a different form of a sentence doesn't affect the work.
  Sounds like a disaster to me, unless it can be done
automatically, by a proven-correct program.  I used to use
commercial compilers that (at least claimed to) put their
"stamp" on the assembly code they generated, so they could sue
if you released a product without having a license for the
compiler.  Bugs are bad enough as it is; we don't need extra
ones that only show up in some copies!
Will French

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:52:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
When and where is the monthly Bay Area cypherpunks meeting?

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:52:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
It is interesting that the situation is so symmetrical.  Given
collusion with the bank by the other party, with regular ecash we
protect Alice's but not Bob's anonymity.  With this "reverse ecash" we
protect Bob but not Alice.  (Alice is the payor, Bob the payee.)
If people were allowed to exchange coins anonymously, either system
will provide anonymity for both parties.  (In the reverse ecash system
Alice hands the the blinded proto-coins along with some regular coins
to the bank and receives blinded new coins.)
Earlier there was discussion of an ecash coin-exchanging service
("Charlie") designed to provide payee anonymity in the regular ecash
system.  Bob would send his newly-received coins to Charlie along with
blinded proto-coins.  Charlie would then exchange them at the bank and
send the new (blinded) coins back to Bob.  Charlie and Bob can be
anonymous to each other, but Bob has to trust Charlie with his coins.
A similar service would work for the reverse ecash system to protect
Alice's anonymity.  Bob blinds some proto-coins and sends them to
Alice, who further blinds them and sends them to Charlie along with
some regular coins of the same values.  Charlie exchanges the regular
coins for new coins using the doubly blinded proto-coins.  He gives the
blinded coins back to Alice, who unblinds them and gives them to Bob,
who removes the last blinding to reveal the valid coins.  It is Alice
in this protocol who has to trust Charlie with her coins.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:56:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I put I time line I've been keeping for my own reference up at:
Regards,               Talent develops in tranquillity, character in the
Joseph Reagle          reagle at mit.edu         0C 69 D4 E8 F2 70 24 33  B4 5E 5E EC 35 E6 FB 88

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:57:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
That's rediculous. The mother did not flip because Zona led the child away.
The mother flipped when asked about the photos. This caused Zona to not
want the child to see argument. The mother just has serious problems in
general. She feels justified in trashing the place and throwing the lamp,
which is why she refused the punishment and took 30 days in jail. She,
in the presence of her child, was wrong to get violent. She has a lack of

@_date: 2000-08-11 00:47:34
@_author: Riad Wahby 
@_subject: CDR: I'll Take Crypto For $50...  
Hash: SHA1
Likewise, I have received no bounces from bray at ..., so apparently both
are good.
Riad Wahby
rsw at mit.edu
MIT VI-2/A 2002

@_date: 2000-12-02 08:03:37
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: FW: Recent Publication 
The url below is wrong: try --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-12-05 08:47:20
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: IBM Uses Keystroke-monitoring in NJ Mob Case (was Re: 
Law News (ILN) - 12/5/00)
An instructive case.  Apparently they used the keystroke monitoring
to obtain the pgp passphrase, which was then used to decrypt the files.
The legal fight over whether the monitor was legal and whether the
information so obtained are in fact records of criminal activity is a
side-show.  It remains practical evidence of how insecure computer
equipment / OS's and pass-phrase based identity authentication combine to
reduce the effective security of a system.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-12-10 14:49:44
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: Hettinga does *nothing* but hand-waving, folks... 
Note: This is off-list. I don't care if you post it back there, but I
don't see the need to take it there.
You have said repeatedly:
"...and, two, that our social structures map directly to our
communication architectures..."
that you are about 95% correct in this, you just don't take it far
communication. Social structures don't just map to the communication
infrastructure (architecture, whatever), the communication
infrastructure IS the social infrastructure.
have society without communication. As soon as you have any
communication, you include (or are included) in the society of the
person you are communicating with--and as soon as the communication
is stopped for any length of time you are not apart of it any more.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-12-12 08:02:26
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: Questions of size... 
The distinction between geometry, topology, and, presumably, homology, begs
the question.
You, following Huber, have used the word geodesic to refer to connections
of minimal cost. In the economic manifold (surface) this is presumably the
only important metric (local distance function).  The analogy is
mathematically precise in all respects, and therefore correct.
I'd have flogged you into submission long before this if it were not so.
Geodesics, or more properly, geodesic paths, are locally defined.  There is
not necessarily a geodesic between two specific points.  In a
differentiable manifold with a sufficiently smooth metric, there are
geodesic paths in every direction through every point, however.  Whether
there is one of those paths going to some other given point is a question
of connectivity and other topological issues.  Two separate spheres are a
single differential manifold.  No great circle path -- the geodesics of
each surface -- connects any point on one sphere with any point of the
Unfortunately, geodesics may also be the longest paths between two points.
Just go the wrong way on the great circle determined by two ends of the
Mass Ave bridge.  It's a path of stationary length: slight variations in
the path make hardly any difference in its length.  Unfortunately its
length is maximum rather than minimum.
By the way, have I mentioned that I HATE it when I agree with Tim?
  From: rah at shipwright.com ("R. A. Hettinga")
  Subject: Re: Questions of size...
  Date: Mon, 11 Dec 2000 19:16:57 -0500
  To: Some People, Privately
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2000-11-03 08:41:55
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: psst! wanna buy some anonymity, meester? 
In which a skeptical eye is cast on various
privacy enhanced web shopping tools. Here's
one gem from the article:
"Anonymity works in the favor of fraudsters,"
  -- VP at Visa.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-11-08 08:13:44
@_author: Private User 
@_subject: CDR: Cypherpunk(ish) Net Comic Strips 
The life and times of a beleagured linux software house and its geeks.
This week's full page spread: A Spamming Analogy even a Republicrat could understand.
   Totalitarian Burger (in color)
"We KNOW what you want to order!"
from employees of the world's worst fast food chain.
Episode 57:  Census2000 and congressional skulduggery.
   Episode 56:  InfoHighway Blowout, comparing faulty Censorware to faulty
Firestone tyres.
   Most recent episode,

@_date: 2000-11-08 15:25:25
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: FL ballot box missing/found 
Dear Sir:
FL polling stations -- at least in my county -- have two boxes with
locks.  When voting is over, up to a dozen voluntary poll workers lock
the used and unused ballots in a small box.  They lock it up and two of
them must drive the box to a central collection office.
Other polling station equipment is left at the polling site -- the vote
machines, office supplies, and such are left in the polling place -- be
it a school room, the American Legion Hall, or a church site.  The office
supplies are to be put in a large locked box -- left at the polling place
for subsequent pickup by reps of the County Supervisor of Elections.
Finding a large, locked box in the polling place is quite natural.  It
contains no ballots -- only pens, staple machines, posters and such.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-11-16 10:09:43
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: Schneier: When is a Signature not a Signature? When it's a chad. 
Bruce falls into the same error he points out: attempting
to devine intent rigorously.  In fact there lots of ways
humans have agreed to evidence agreement, and none of
them are tamper proof.  Much of the corporate
world runs on electronically printed signatures for checks,
there is a long and illustreous history of signet rings and
carved chops being used as contractual evidence...  His
argument is equivalent to saying that we should not accept
a corporate check because the computer room could
have been hacked, or that King X should not accept the
seal of King Y because his nemesis might have snuck in
at night and borrowed it from his finger while he slept,
or that Wu-san's chop had been copied by an expert
carver.  (and I'm certain such events have in fact occurred.)
I think his only valid point is that digital signatures are
not somehow better.  What they do provide are
1) an interesting possibility for _remote_ contracting, and
2) a way for computing machinery to do things analogous
to humans contracting with each other.
Both of these are important and will likely yield lots of
exciting new applications.
Bruce should keep in mind that the Digital Signature Law
recently enacted basically says that no signature will be
deemed invalid _purely_ because it is electronic in nature.
It doesn't say that computation of m^e mod n constitutes
Alice's intent to sign.  It does say that if Alice and Bob
agree to use such a digital mechanism to evidence intent,
then they may.
And just as we are learning this week that a "vote" is
a more ambiguous concept than we may have intuitively
thought, a "signature" has _never_ been a black-and-white
expression of human intent, simply one piece of evidence
in a sometimes cluttered, occasionally fraudulent, and
always contestable world.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-11-17 17:52:53
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: Atlanta Fed on a Theory of Financial Privacy 
No, it doesn't use the "B" word, but it is fun to see someone _define_
money as "a technology that allows consumer A to anonymously conduct
a transaction with firm B."  I am stirred to view the referenced literature
in which record-keeping and credit are related to currency.  One of the
most common counter-arguments to bearer transactions has been to
point out that the cost of centralized bookkeeping is falling and our
ability to scale it is rising (e.g. DTC, FederalReserve, NSCC, CREST.
These, the argument goes, handle huge centralized bookkeeping and
credit scorekeeping chores with a very low per item cost.)  In fact this
argument is mentioned in this tract.  The insight here is to note that
transactions carry a "privacy right" with them, iff they can be conducted
anonymously, and this can affect the bargaining process.  For the time
being, it remains an intellectual/academic exercise whether anonymous
e-money is the most cost effective solution, or whether privacy can
be economically grafted onto huge bookkeeping data processing systems.
To some of us the answer is intuitive, but I'm sure it will come down to
"bits on the wire" before we have very many believers.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-10-01 20:42:05
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: Power politics 
I've been reading Noam Chomsky's book on Kosovo and came across this
quote from a Cabinet note written by Churchill in January 1914
explaining the need for increased military expenditure (taken in turn
from Clive Ponting's Churchill, 1994, P 132):
"We are not a young people with an innocent record and a scanty
inheritance.  We have engrossed to ourselves an altogether
disproportionate share of the wealth and traffic of the world.  We
have got all we want in territory, and our claim to be left in the
unmolested enjoyment of vast and splendid possessions, mainly
acquired by violence, largely maintained by force, often seems less
reasonable to others than to us."
I thought you might appreciate it.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-10-04 11:31:02
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: A .cash domain? 
Diebold has applied for .cash, , .global, and .secure.
For their internet ATMs? An ip address for every bank vault?
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-10-05 18:10:08
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: UK Companies free to snoop on staff 
Companies free to snoop on staff
By Jean Eaglesham, Legal Correspondent
Published: October 3 2000 20:28GMT | Last Updated: October 4 2000 00:41GMT
British companies will be able to snoop on employees' e-mails and phone
calls following a government decision to grant industry greater freedom to
monitor staff.
Under rules announced on Tuesday, from October 24 companies will be
permitted "routine access" to any business e-mail and phone call to check
whether they are business-related.
Patricia Hewitt, the minister for e-commerce and small business, said that
proposals to force companies to obtain agreement for most monitoring from
both the senders and recipients of e-mails and phone calls had been
Trade unions criticised the move, saying it gave companies carte blanche to
snoop on virtually any workplace communication. Union officials vowed to use
the Human Rights Act to challenge the snooping rules.
Lucy Anderson, employment rights officer at the Trades Union Congress, said:
"Employers should not be allowed to routinely screen e-mail and phone calls,
and certainly not without consent".
Ms Hewitt denied the rules would allow businesses a free hand to snoop. She
said: "There are limits they must not go over, such as intercepting personal
calls for unjustified scurrilous interest."
The rules would give "any business following them comfort they are not in
breach of the Human Rights Act or the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act
[a new law on surveillance for law enforcement purposes]".
It was complex balancing the needs of business with the rights of
individuals in this area, Ms Hewitt said.
"Because it's a complex issue, we have taken time to consult with business
and I am confident the regulations will meet everybody's needs".
Industry groups, which had condemned the earlier proposals as "totally
impractical" and impossible to comply with, welcomed the government
Nigel Hickson, head of e-business at the Confederation of British Industry,
said: "The changes are a big step forward. It is disappointing that the
government did not consult business earlier as we would have liked to avoid
unnecessary conflict".
Lawyers pointed out that employers would have to contend with a mass of
overlapping regulation on monitoring staff.
The Data Protection Commissioner, a government regulator, will publish this
week a draft code of practice on workplace surveillance, covering everything
from e-mail monitoring to the use of CCTV cameras and drugs testing.
Employers, particularly in the public sector, must also conform to the Human
Rights Act.
"Employers will have to juggle a lot of different provisions," said Eduardo
Ustaran, a partner at Paisner & Co, a law firm. "All these changes have to
be managed calmly and without panic - there's a lot of panic around."
The TUC said an early union-backed legal challenge to the new rules was
likely, on the basis that they breached employees' new right to privacy
under the Human Rights Act.
Some lawyers have predicted that the act, which came into force on Monday,
would force companies that routinely screen calls to allow employees access
to unmonitored phones and e-mail for private purposes.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-10-06 18:01:33
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: http://www.rfdata.net/ATM-POS/ 
will wonders never cease?  wanna put an atm machine at an Anguillan
really.  why do you think they're registered in the BVI?  Wireless ATM
have been deployed by FirStar Bank (USBancorp now) in the midwest.
makes a lot of sense, but I hope their encryption is really good.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-10-09 09:22:50
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: oh, sh__ 
Please be careful about the forwarding of this epistle in it's
entirety.  The contents might be considered inflamatory.
[moi? *I*'m not saying anything here, *you* are... :-) --RAH]
 But
I recommend your synthesizing an opinion about it, and
communicating to the usual suspects.  See my "bottom line",
at the end
Well, 1st Data Corp has made their move, and it's a doozy:
eONE Global, a new e-payments company capitalized with
$600 million ($360 in assets transferred from First Data,
$135 in equity investment from iFormation -- a GoldmanSachs,
BCG, Genl Atlantic Partners creature -- and a commitment
from the parties to kick in another $100 in cash).
The headquarters are in Napa (Rutherford).  Remember
Rutherford Partners? With principals Robert W. Greer,
Scott J. Loftesness, Garen K. Staglin?
eOne Global has a Garen Staglin,  President and CEO,
located in Rutherford, CA.
eONE Global has a Menlo Park office with a
Managing Director by the name of Loftesness.
Greer is also involved.
Brochure at: Includes a slightly amusing and very gushy whitepaper
(by Garen)
News at:
Oh, yes...and by the way:
"eONE Global welcomes inquiries from emerging payment
technology companies with a business plan they are prepared to
execute against. We require that a prospective strategic partner
have proprietary rights to the technology it is presenting."
See:  I guess this means Scott has money now.
Among the assets they own, or have and equity interest in are
SurePay, CashTax, Yclip, MeetChina.com, Reciprocal,
PassLogix, Achex, RRE Ventures (?1?) and others.  In
reality it's mostly the 1stData/EnTrust payment initiative
Bottom Line:
This is a significant event, well capitalized, and an "instant
company" because of the the transfer of some FirstData
However, their major challenges will be
(a) they are already an operational company with a bunch
of realworld operating challenges  for the management team
(who seem more venture, finance oriented), and
(b) they don't yet have any breakthrough exciting technologies
or products and need to acquire same.
I actually wouldn't be too surprised to see them buy back
eCashTechnologies, or do a JV with something like Spectrum
or Wells/eBay.  I'm afraid, though, that (in spite of their brave words
about the need for innovation and new models) this venture is
going to be inevitably tied to the current banking structure
with which FirstData is so deeply in bed.
I suspect that Rutherford Partners put up a bunch of half-
baked intellectual property (as well as their bodies and
a great spiel) to take over management of 1stData's total
e-payment strategy.  Quite a coup.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-10-20 20:24:04
@_author: SavedbyMicrosoftInternetExplorer5 
@_subject: CDR: KJOC lists anarchy symbol with occult 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 3872 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2000-09-05 06:03:29
@_author: Private User 
@_subject: CDR: C&W blocks Internet phone calls in the Caymans 
Internet & E-commerce
C&W blocks Internet phone calls in the Caymans
By Rick Catlin, Reuters 24 August 2000 Officials of communications giant Cable & Wireless , which has a monopoly
on the Cayman Islands, have begun blocking Internet subscribers on the
islands from using the U.S.-based Net2Phone long distance phone service
that charges a fraction of what C&W charges Cayman customers.
The move came after C&W sent an e-mail to its Internet subscribers
on the islands, a major financial centre, earlier this month advising
them they were breaking their contract with C&W by using the Internet
for phone services.
The Net2Phone system uses the Internet to make long distance calls,
by-passing the traditional telephone service and charging far less.
C&W spokesperson Tina Trumbach confirmed the blockage on Wednesday, adding
that any other similar system that can be detected will be blocked.
She noted that company officials last year indicated publicly they
would not be blocking Net2Phone at that time as long as usage
did not seriously affect C&W revenues.
Since then, the technology to block systems such as Net2Phone has become
available as C&W's long distance revenues have been declining and Net2Phone
usage has increased.
UK-based Cable & Wireless is one of the world's largest telecommunications
companies and in the Cayman Islands alone, the company generates more than
$50 million in net profits annually, according to government figures,
from a country of just 45,000 people.
C&W has an exclusive 25-year contract with the Cayman government signed in
1991 to be the sole provider of telecommunications service to the Cayman
In return, C&W pays 6 percent of its gross revenues to the government
which two years ago amounted to about US$10 million.
Recently, the company has indicated a willingness to accept competition in a
"structured" and "regulated" environment.
Trumbach said the company will soon offer further price reductions on
Internet service to various business customers. But the company said
it could not sustain a trend of lowering prices if there were a
proliferation of "prohibited usage."
The Cayman Islands, a British colony of three islands in the
western Caribbean, have a population of about 45,000 and more than
40,000 registered companies, including nearly 600 banks and trusts
and nearly 500 captive insurance companies.
It has been estimated that about 2,000 C&W customers in the Cayman Islands
used Net2Phone or similar service. C&W could not confirm that number.
Businessman William Peguero, whose company was selling "YapJacks"
- the device that enables Internet telephone communication -
vowed to fight C&W in the courts. He said he has already obtained
more than 1,000 signatures on a petition
calling for an end to the C&W monopoly in the Cayman Islands and open
competition to lower rates.
"Jurisdictions including Jamaica, Bermuda, Hong Kong and others around
the world have ended the Cable & Wireless monopoly on telecommunications
through the introduction of competition," he said. "In each case,
the services offered are better and the pricing for those services
lowered for the citizens and businesses in those countries."
He also claimed C&W has no legal right to block access to any Internet
The current C&W long-distance rate for a business hours call to
North America is $1.50 per minute. Peguero said he was able to
make calls on Net2Phone for about 13 cents per minute.
Net2Phone attorney Steve Dorry in New York said his company had no comment on
the matter "at this time."
He added, however, that the company would be addressing the legal issue
"in the proper forum" in the very near future.
Dorry said he expected similar action by C&W in other jurisdictions where it
operates as a monopoly, particularly in the English-speaking Caribbean.
Several years ago, when some Cayman Islands businesses bought in to a
call back system in the United States to provide long distance service
cheaper than normal C&W rates, the company was able to effectively
identify and block call back usage from specific telephones.

@_date: 2000-09-06 05:32:50
@_author: Private User 
@_subject: CDR: NSA Outsourcing administrative operations 
NSA IS ON A GROUNDBREAKING MISSION - [The Washington Post, F15.]  Sometime next spring, according to the plan, as many as 1,000 employees
of the National Security Agency in Fort Meade will begin exchanging their
government dog tags for new IDs from AT&T, Computer Sciences or other
technology contractors chosen to handle the NSA's conventional
telecommunications and computer needs.  The transfer would open a major
new chapter in federal outsourcing: the turnover of full responsibility
for an entire agency's "noncritical" telephone, Web and desktop
computing operations to outside contractors, says Ray Bjorklund,
vice president of Federal Sources.  The fact that the client is the
super-secretive NSA, whose headquarters was once dubbed "the Taj Mahal of eavesdropping," makes the move even more groundbreaking
(although the transfer won't include NSA's code-breaking and other
intelligence work).  Indeed, the project's code name is Groundbreaker. It's expected to be worth at least $2 billion for the winning contracting
team over the next decade, industry officials say. The figure could grow to $5 billion if the mission is expanded. NSA has chosen three teams to compete for the Groundbreaker contract,
most of them among the region's biggest IT contractors. Leading the teams are AT&T's federal division, Computer Sciences and OAO. AT&T and CSC are among the nation's half-dozen largest federal IT
contractors, with more than $1 billion in annual contracts. OAO had $137 million in federal IT work last year, according to
Washington Technology magazine.

@_date: 2000-09-07 00:09:14
@_author: Private User 
@_subject: CDR: tight group from nowhere 
DoS attacks before internet worked for Catalonians:
Internet does give some advantage:
Sync message goes out with the time (www, usenet, maillists).
Action takes place in the meatspace (we flush toilets and turn
on hemp lights at the right moments.)
There is NO WAY to trace this back to the distributed agents -
that is, unless your neighbour reports unusual light activity :-)
Something similar happened some 7-8 yrs back in the Bay Area
where drivers (on 101, I think) did 55mph in sync in all
lanes, creating chaos.
We are far too stuck to internet as communication medium.
Flushing the shit can also deliver the message,

@_date: 2000-09-13 18:15:55
@_author: Private User 
@_subject: CDR: Re: censorship rears its head 
So what is the end game of the violence monopoly ?
To be able to blow the brains out of domestic sheeple
(and, for sport, the faraway tribes) the state must
have trained killers (cops, fedz, army.)
If they are bred in somatized environment they will not
be good at it (ie. blowing the brains out ...) So either
we are going to see special camps that will take care of
piglet education, or they will have to import foreign-trained
It is funny - society of Morlocks and Eloi, but with the
twist: Eloi are both stupid and ugly.

@_date: 2000-09-14 19:14:59
@_author: Private User 
@_subject: CDR: fun and games with SDMI 
Linux users say SDMI contest a trick      By Lisa M. Bowman, ZDNet News
     Some Linux lovers say the record industry is using them
     as a free consulting service to improve SDMI encryption.
     Some members of the Linux community are rejecting the
     record industrys request to help it create a more secure technical lock on its
     digital music.
     The Linux Journal is sponsoring a boycott of the Secure Digital Music Initiative hacking
     challenge, which starts Friday and promises to pay $10,000 to any hacker who strips out
     the watermark from a digital song.
                     SDMI is a technology initiative launched by the record companies
                     to crack down on piracy. In the coming weeks, SDMI will try out a
                     variety of security measures, with plans to eventually adopt a
                     hacker-tested technology that will prevent people from playing
                     bootleg songs on SDMI-compatible hardware.
                     However, some Linux lovers say the record industry is only using
                     the hackers as a "free consulting" service to help it crack down on
                     legal uses of music in the future, in an attempt to exert
                     unprecedented control over when and where people play songs.
                     The Linux Journal is urging readers to sign a letter saying they wont
                     play along.
     "Thanks, SDMI, but no thanks. I wont do your dirty work for you," the letter states. "I
     will not help test programs or devices that violate privacy or interfere with the right of fair
     use."
     People who sign the letter will agree that they will never make a bootleg copy of a
     recording, but will only play one copy at a time in different devices, an action thats legal
     under the concept of fair use, but may be hard to follow in these days of rampant digital
     file swapping.
     In a sense, the open sharing of information that has allowed the Linux community to
     mushroom is directly at odds with the motives of traditional entertainment companies,
     which want to lock down their content.
     PR stunt
     Ironically, the entertainment industry in the past has sued people whove tried to reverse
     engineer their encryption technology -- the same act SDMI is now asking them to perform
     during the hacking contest.
     Linux Journal technical editor Don Marti, one of the boycotts organizers, said the goal is
     to thwart what he called "SDMIs PR stunt."
     "Why are freedom-loving people supposed to do free consulting work for an organization
     that wants to take away our freedom?" he asked.
     SDMI officials were not immediately available for comment.

@_date: 2000-09-14 19:15:29
@_author: Private User 
@_subject: CDR: MP3.com yanks DeCSS sourcecode sung 
MP3.com yanks song with illegal
  DVD-hacking code   By Corey Grice
  Staff Writer, CNET News.com
  September 13, 2000, 7:25 p.m. PT   Joseph Weckers song about a binary computer code wasnt exactly a
  chart-topper, but he doesnt think MP3.com should have banned it.   The popular music Web site today removed the song, in which Wecker,
  sounding more than a little like a 1960s sit-in protester, sings a version of
  the banned computer code known as DeCSS.                   In an email to Wecker, MP3.com cited the nature of
                  the music lyrics for the songs eradication. "Your
                  song has either a song title or lyrics that are
                  offensive or otherwise inappropriate," the company
                  wrote.                   "Since there is a precedent holding (2600.com)
                  culpable for posting the code, we felt it was in our
                  best interest to remove it," an MP3.com spokesman
                  said in an interview.                   The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA)
                  has filed lawsuits seeking to outlaw the code, calling
                  it a hack of its DVD encryption scheme aimed at
                  making and distributing illegal copies of digital films.
                  A federal judge in New York last month agreed,
                  banning hacker publication 2600.com from
                  publishing or linking to the code online.   The song, called DeCSS.MP3, offers an English-language rendition of
  computer code that, depending on whom you ask, is either a harmless
  exercise in experimental software engineering or a missile aimed at the
  heart of Hollywood. Either way, DeCSS has become a flash point in the
  head-on collision between digital technologies and copyright owners, much
  as Napster has for the music industry.   The programmers who wrote the code insist DeCSS was designed to play
  legally purchased movie DVDs on computers running the Linux operating
  system--a format not supported by the movie industry. They say the code is
  a form of speech and is protected by the First Amendment--a claim many
  DeCSS supporters have rushed to validate by churning out artistic and
  other nonfunctioning works based on the DeCSS source code.   Wecker said he sang the DeCSS code
  as a way to attract attention to the
  issue.   "Its gone one step too far," Wecker
  said. "Its illegal to photocopy a
  copyrighted poem. But now its like it
  has become illegal to tell someone
  how the Xerox works."   Other protesters have published
  portions of DeCSS on T-shirts and
  have recorded dramatic readings of
  the code. Some have used the code to
  create images in graphics files.
  Pro-DeCSS supporters say these
  demonstrations dont contain the full
  source code necessary to decode a
  DVD, a popular digital home movie
  format.   "I find it very disturbing that I live in a country where singing source code
  may be technically illegal--kind of chilling," Wecker said. "My song is just
  like the T-shirts. The T-shirts dont even have enough code to decode a
  DVD."   MP3.com, meanwhile, is wrestling with its own copyright troubles. A federal
  judge last week found that the company willfully infringed the copyrights of
  Universal Music Group in creating an online database of some 80,000 CDs
  for use with its My.MP3.com music locker service. The company could be
  on the hook for hundreds of millions of dollars in damages.

@_date: 2000-09-22 09:11:35
@_author: Somebody's.sig 
@_subject: Chaumian cash redux 
At the EFF end-of-RSA ball in SF last night David Chaum stood up and
said a few enigmatic words:  "Great to be here, and what's really
important now is that we all come together and have a common approach.
I've looked at the old ecash and, (wry smile) there were a few
problems.  But I've got some ideas about how to fix it and make it
available in a way which avoids the kind of wars we've had in the past.
I had wanted to make more of an announcement tonight, but the legal
stuff is (as always) taking longer than I'd anticipated.  So,  thank
you."  [applause]
I have to believe that he's trying to "do the right thing".  After all,
he showed up at a patent-expiry party at the invite of cryptorights.org
and eff and was pal-ing around with the leadership.  My impression in
watching [...] him is that he is quite a lonely guy.  People
treat him with deference as a demi-god, but he's not really engaged with
the current "scene".
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-09-23 22:29:24
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: Chaumian cash redux 
Between you and me, I heard he was talking about something called a
"Patent Pool", which makes me think, strangely, that patent-free ain't
what we're going to get. I dunno whether this was part of the public
speech, though, which is why I'm not posting publicly.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2001-12-05 09:12:18
@_author: "Powerful Cell Phone Accessory"@toad.com 
@_subject: How To Greatly Increase Your Calling Area ...                                    [otrgg] 
Increase your cell phone
reception for just $14.99
Click Here
We will increase your reception dramatically or your money back!
Enhance your cell phone, pager, or two way radio's signal for better reception in large
buildings, tunnels, elevators, and many other places where the signal may get weak causing
static, missed calls, dropped calls, etc. This easy-to-install internal antenna is like
adding 4 feet worth of antenna to your phone! this signal booster will:
reduce static
provide clarity
stabilize reception
work on any phone
work on any system
Easy to Install
Just slip in behind battery!
Get a FREE anti-radiation shield!
Click Here
Day Money Back Guarantee!
Address Removal Instructions
This advertisement provides all recipients
with a no-cost method to permanently remove thier e-mail address from future mailings. To
permanently remove your address click here to send your request.
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they
are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify
the system manager.
This footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by
MIMEsweeper for the presence of computer viruses.

@_date: 2001-12-06 16:44:29
@_author: Bob Jonkman 
@_subject: A note to virus authors 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1285 bytes
Desc: Mail message body
URL:

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Melbourne Australia or if you are cyber savvy email your order to
mailorder at anarres.org.au. Want Anarres latest catalogue? Write to them or
have a look at their web site

@_date: 2001-01-22 04:05:45
@_author: Anymouse 
@_subject: Globalization Divide special videobridge (Davos and Porto Alegre) 
"THE GLOBALIZATION DIVIDE is a special videobridge, an interactive television
program linking Davos, Switzerland and Porto Alegre, Brazil, during the World
Economic and the World Social Forums (January 25-30, 2001). The two events,
planned in parallel, will be articulating two different visions of globalization
and its effects:/"
"The new century is starting in Porto Alegre. All kinds of people, each in their
own ways, have been contesting and critiquing neo-liberal globalisation, and
many of them will be gathering in this southern Brazilian city on 25-30 January
for the first World Social Forum (1). This time they won't just be protesting -
as they were in Seattle, Washington, Prague and elsewhere - against the
world-wide injustices, inequalities and disasters created by the excesses of
capitalism (see the article by Bernard Cassen). This time, in a positive and
constructive spirit, they will be working towards creating a practical and
theoretical framework for a new kind of globalisation. They are fired by a
belief in the possibility of a new world that is less inhumane, more inclined to
"For decades, these international financial institutions have been making
decisions that affect the lives of people all over the world, without being
subject to any sort of democratic control. People in Third World countries, as
well as the poor and excluded sectors of industrialized countries suffer the
devastating effects of economic globalization and the dictatorship of
international institutions such as the IMF, the World Bank, the WTO and the
governments that serve their interests.
We need to continue pressuring these institutions to be accountable to our
societies. Similarly, our governments must be made aware that this oversight
will be exercised with increasing intensity over their actions. Many of us have
struggled in our own countries, regions, or cities, thinking that we were
isolated. Recently, we have begun to realize that together we can constitute a
planetary archipelago of resistance. The World Social Forum represents a new
opportunity toward the construction of an international counter-power."
Time flies like an arrow.
Fruit flies like a banana.
I, myself, like Butterflies
flapping their wings.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
via Moscow police have arrested a contract
killer who advertised his services
via the Internet in the first such detention
in Russia, Itar-Tass reported Tuesday.
The Moscow police department for
fighting high-technology crimes spotted
the advertisement in May, department
chief Dmitry Chepchugov was
quoted as saying.
Moscow agents disguised as potential
clients corresponded with the alleged
hit man, and when they established
that he resided in Samara, about
900 kilometers southeast of Moscow,
they alerted local police.
The man, whose name was not disclosed,
was handcuffed after undercover
agents paid him several thousands
of dollars and heard him stating
the date of the assassination they pretended
to be asking for, Chepchugov
He added that the Internet was becoming
increasingly popular with Russian
criminals for financial frauds.
He said law enforcement agencies
of Russia and the United States were
jointly investigating a case in which
Russians allegedly hacked U.S. credit
card information.
The hacker group stole some $400
million from U.S. credit card holders
just over the past few months, the officer
Russian hackers have been involved
in several high-profile computer-
related crimes worldwide.
Hitman Busted After Advertising on Internet

@_date: 2001-03-13 19:55:18
@_author: YouEarnedTimeOff@*.com 
@_subject: Shopping Relief 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 4399 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
mph. The highest speed, clocked by Colonial Estates East Citizens on
Patrol group, was 62 mph in a 30 mph zone.
 "People came up and said they were really glad to see us," said Linda
White, a Colonial Estates group coordinator. "In the beginning, we
expected people to be negative, and that really hasn't happened."
 Pelfrey said her group only had one negative experience - when a person
drove by and gave members an obscene hand gesture. But most of the
feedback was positive, she said.
 "We had a lot of people in the neighborhood that waved and honked their
horn," Pelfrey said. "A lot of people said 'Go for it. Set up in our
yard if you want to.' "

@_date: 2001-10-06 12:51:02
@_author: Villa 
@_subject: =?windows-1251?Q?=CF=F0=EE=E4=E0=E5=F2=F1=FF_=E2=E8=EB=EB=E0_=ED=E0_=E1=E5=F0=E5=E3=F3_=EE=EA=E5=E0=ED=E0?= 
     20-    . 200 ..
0,15 . , , .
    (  .    28)! 
.    .
        
 ,     : seych at usa.com. 
   ""  :
"  ".

@_date: 2001-10-18 00:25:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Zero Knowledge Tracks Users with Freedom 3.0... 
Thought you'd be interested in this.
While playing with Zero Knowledge Systems' new
Freedom 3.0 privacy product, I noticed that it actually
notifies Zero Knowledge whenever you start
it up.  It sends a bunch of HTTP requests
(through the M$ IE subsystem, no less) to ZKS.
Here's a sample header:
GET  User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0
Plus all the standard HTTP stuff -- IP address, date/time, etc.
This would also include any cookies set from
zeroknowledge.com, (which ZKS sets every time you go there),
but I filter cookies through the MEconomy system, so
I had none from them.
What's "pid" (I checked -- unrelated to my Win 2K process ID)?
What's prn?
What's "event"?
Why is s it being sent back to zeroknowledge EVERY time I start up Freedom?
Guess even the privacy good guys want to track you.

@_date: 2001-10-18 15:35:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fwd: Reply from Zero-Knowledge 
My comments integrated below:
 > >I want to start by saying that Zero-Knowledge absolutely does not track or
 > >profile the users of its Freedom Privacy & Security Tools 3.0 software.
it sends a message to ZKS.  EVERY time.  How, again, is this not "tracking"
of my usage behaviour?  How is ZKS knowing every time I boot up that I've
got Freedom 3.0 installed not something they can build a profile about?
 > >Our software loads updates (e.g. Ad Manager files and e-wallet scripts) as
 > >well as privacy-related content via HTTP. This was the case with previous
 > >versions of the software and is still true today, although today it may
 > >appear more prominent since we have designed Freedom 3.0 with a new user
 > >interface and are carrying more privacy content.
my comments.
 > >This HTTP activity is covered by our privacy policies.
 > >As for cookies, Zero-Knowledge has always used cookies on its websites, for
 > >the purposes of store-, affiliate- and state-management. These practices are
 > >also reflected in our privacy policies.
sends a request, info I don't have a clue about (And those cookies, when
the domain in zeroknowledge.com and when I use IE as my browser, are sent
back to ZKS whenever they're in my IE cache and I open ZKS.
between my computer and zeroknowledge.com that I'm using freedom.  Which,
of course, is covered by the Pen trace and trap warrants, and is collected
by carnivore.  Now I'm telling my ISP and the world what my IP is, what
my platform is, and that I use Freedom.

@_date: 2001-09-20 08:53:52
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: New encryption technology closes WLAN security loopholes 
[1] "New encryption technology closes WLAN security loopholes"
Next Comm has launched new wireless LAN security technology called
Key Hopping. The technology aims to close security gaps in Wired
Equivalent Privacy (WEP). It uses the MD5 (message digest, version 5)
algorithm that allows for rapid changes in encryption keys used, some
as often as every three seconds, denying hackers the time they need
to piece together an encryption pattern.
SOURCE: Internet News
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-14 05:47:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: registering Cypherpunks movement ... 
Not a joke.
"35001.  This title is enacted in the exercise of the police power of
this State for the protection of the public peace and safety by
requiring the registration of subversive organizations which are
conceived and exist for the purpose of undermining and eventually
destroying the democratic form of government in this State and in the
United States."

@_date: 2002-01-14 10:03:42
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: From epayments news 
Fujitsu Transaction Solutions Inc. will unveil a new handheld computer next
week designed for retailers. The Fujitsu iPAD, a compact, Microsoft Windows
CE .NET-based mobile device, available in mid-2002, will combine a scanner,
magnetic- and smart-card reader, keypad with encryption capabilities, and
phone capability. The devices are intended to give retailers a complete,
wireless retail appliance. iPAD can be used for inventory management, debit
transactions, price verifications, phone calls, line busting, mobile POS
and gift registry. The product uses an Intel processor and can support any
802.11b wireless LAN infrastructure. With 'Windows CE .NET', iPAD will
support both XML and VoIP.
802.11b capable as well as a magstripe reader?  Perfect retail device for
skimmers don't you think?
(PS If you do forward this, zap my name OK?)
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-16 21:49:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Treason files: Davis' wiretap illegal 
Legal Advice Sinks Davis' Wiretap Bill
 Security: The proposal is dropped after legislative counsel finds "roving" tracking of calls illegal.
MIGUEL BUSTILLO and NANCY VOGEL, Times Staff
SACRAMENTO -- Gov. Gray Davis' proposal to let state and local
police obtain roving wiretaps on suspected criminals was dropped
from the legislation containing it Tuesday after the legislative counsel's
office concluded that it was illegal.
The proposal, a centerpiece of Davis' State of the State address last
week, had been welcomed by some law enforcement leaders but
criticized by civil libertarians and some liberals.
Davis unveiled the idea at the outset of a reelection bid in which he
faces challenges from three Republicans--former Los Angeles Mayor
Richard Riordan, Secretary of State Bill Jones and investor Bill Simon
Jr.--each vying for the GOP nomination to take on the Democratic
Asked to size up the chances of a roving-wiretap bill passing now,
Assemblyman Fred Keeley (D-Boulder Creek) said: "I think none.
There is no opportunity, because whether the Legislature has the will
or not, our attorney is telling us it is moot because we lack the

@_date: 2002-06-25 09:54:02
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: Brin 
You're far from the only one who has aroused his ire,
Bob...In fact, it occurs to me that he may deliberately
write in the way he does (superficially fascist, with
a few bows to libertarians where needed as long as the
fascists get final trust/control and are trusted to let
the powerless watch them) in order to have an excuse to
whine and fulminate...

@_date: 2002-10-31 15:02:42
@_author: Somebodywhoactually*knows*aboutthis... 
@_subject: patents 
What's all the confusion about the Digicash-Chaum patents? They are now all
owned by Infospace. The important one expires mid-2005, which is pretty soon.
The ec-logix stuff looks like nonsense. They display bitmaps of the old
Digicash wallet GUI, and I expect they will be hearing from Infospace.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-09-24 15:12:50
@_author: MR NAMBO DOE 
@_subject: HUMANITARIAN GESTURE 
This letter may come to you as a surprise due to the fact that we have not yet met,but kindly consider the message, because, I am determined to live for posterity.
I wish to plead with you to join me in not only serving humanity, but to also benefit in the process. This message could be strange but reality will definitely dawn on you, if you pay some attention to it's contents. I would'nt have notified you but for the sake of your integrity and goodwill.Please accept my sincere apologies. In bringing this message to you, I have to say that I have no intentions of causing you any personal pains or discomfort.
I am Nambo Doe the elder brother to the late Liberian President Samuel Doe, who was murdered by the then rebel leader Charles Taylor, now Liberian President.
President Samuel Doe, in his bid to fend off rebel insurgency,put in my care, the sum of $12,300,000(twelve million, three hundred thousand dollars) for the purchase of arms and ammunitions, to counter rebel attacks. But unfortunately, we could not purchase these arms before he was killed. This money is still being kept in trunk boxes in a secret location and just the two of us knew about it until he was killed. I could not get in touch with any arms dealer before my brother was killed. I have since held on to these trunk boxes, which I was able to transport out of Liberia with the aid of ECOMOG soldiers/Diplomatic passsage under the guise conveying my personal effects without anybody knowing.
I am presently residing in Mhlambanyatsi in Swaziland and work as a consultant on inter-regional cooperation. I have borne the burden for too long. I do not want to keep the funds any longer, but I can never turn it over to the brutal and tyrannical rogue regime of Charkes Taylor, is still comitting all sorts of atrocities on the liberian people. I am not solicitng for your help to wage a war against the regime, but to act as a foreign partner, to allow me transfer the funds to you, and in turn donate a portion of it as humanitarian gesture to the Liberian people by
purchasing such essential needs like blankets, milk and so on from the money after deducting your expenses and comission of 20%.Please note that I could have approached the Red Cross Society, but I changed my mind on that after calculating what they would deduct as comission, and also, after rationalising the scandal that followed their
mismanagement of the donations meant for the victims of the september 11th attack on the United States.
Also note that this offer will give you a double-edged advantage :
1. as the benefactor of the Liberian people and;
2. the comission you stand to earn.
On getting a positive response from you, I will send to you the modalities for processing the necessary documenations that will facilitate your securment of the funds from the Security company where the funds are kept for safe keeping. Please note that confidentiality and honesty are fundamental rules in this transaction. Be assured that I am a reputable personality in this country and I am mindful of the legal implications of this transaction, as I intend taking care of all the legal documentations for a successful and hitch-free transaction. You will be expected to take delivery of the consignment, personally from the deposit company in Europe. With the password and informations that I will give you, together with the Power of Attorney, you would then proceed to the security firm, as these will facilitate your collection of the consignment. The consignment containing the USD$12,300,000.00 will be released to you in the two large trunk boxes.
I am therefore soliciting your help to have this money collected by you and transfered into your account,as we would give you the neccesary documentations to facilitate your collection of the consignment personally in Europe.
***PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR CONFIDENTIALITY IN THIS TRANSACTION IS HIGHLY REQUIRED.
Thank you very much for your time and understanding.
Yours sincerely,
Nambo Doe

@_date: 2003-12-15 16:16:17
@_author: S 
@_subject: remailers-tla.htm Compromised Remailers, December 15, 2003 
Thank you for posting the "Compromised Remailers" article:
Over the past year, many remailer users have noticed that the reliability of the Mixmaster type II network has steadily degraded. Although it may well be the result of TLA interference, the remailer community's statistical methods of selecting a "reliable" remailer chain contribute significantly to the network's degradation.
As a former employee of the United States Army Communications Command [USACC] Headquarters, I was amazed to stumble upon the existence of a publicly available communications medium permitting truly anonymous communication by hampering the government's ability at "traffic analysis," or tracking an email message from its source to its destination. One would have to be foolish to believe that TLAs are not hard at work trying to pierce the veil of anonymity afforded by the Mixmaster type II, and, the yet to be released, type III remailers.
I ran tests in September, October & November, and provided the Mixmaster developers & remail operators with the same results I've included below. My testing was extremely simple: send a bunch of messages, and note which messages arrived. [The same procedure an accountant would use in tracking a financial transaction from its origin to its destination.]
What I found was that a handful of remailers accounted for virtually all of the un-delivered email messages. Yet, these same remailers, that never delivered my email messages to the "alt.anonymous.messages" news group, where also listed as among the most reliable remailers in mixmaster stats used to select remailer chains.
I've included my recommendations to improve the network's reliability in the test results below.

@_date: 2003-01-15 20:44:55
@_author: Berk 
@_subject: WPI Cryptography Seminar January 20 
WPI Cryptography Seminar
               Towards a Theory of Variable Privacy
                  BY: Dr. Poorvi Vora,
                      Hewlett-Packard Company,
                      Corvallis, OR
                DATE: Monday, January 20, 2003
                TIME: 10:00 AM
               PLACE: Atwater Kent, Room 218
                             ABSTRACT
The traditional theory of security, with its focus on perfect secrecy,
does not provide a satisfactory framework for the study of situations
where information revelation bears a privacy cost and also provides a
benefit. We define variable privacy as the use of randomization with user
participation in the choice of parameters, and propose the beginnings of a
theory for its study. Variable privacy enables the user, or a
computational agent working on the user's behalf, to choose a level of
interaction, based on a personal cost-benefit analysis of an instance of
information revelation.
Our theory is based on treating the randomization protocol as a channel
for the information to be protected. We demonstrate a one-to-one
correspondence between channel codes and a certain class of attacks.
Shannon's theorems show the existence of very special attacks, and upper
bounds on their efficiency. We use the bounds to motivate a privacy
measure of randomization similar to one proposed the database literature,
and thus provide connections between the theory of security and
statistical privacy protection techniques.
We are not aware of any other work that uses Shannon's theorems to
construct the special attacks on cryptographic protocols. We are also not
aware of any other work that connects error-correcting codes to attacks on
 DIRECTIONS:
 The WPI Cryptoseminar is being held in the Atwater Kent building on
 the WPI campus. Directions to the campus can be found at
       ATTENDANCE:
 The seminar is open to everyone and free of charge. Simply send me a
 brief email if you plan to attend.
 MAILING LIST:
 If you want to be added to the mailing list and receive talk
 announcements together with abstracts, please send us a short
 e-mail message.
 On the other hand, if you want to be removed from the list,
 just send a reply to this message with the word "remove" in the
 subject line.
 Regards,
 Berk Sunar and Bill Martin
  Berk Sunar,                             Assistant Professor
  Electrical & Computer Eng. Dept.         Ph (508) 831 54 94
  Worcester Polytechnic Institute          Fx (508) 831 54 91
              CRIS Laboratory
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2003-07-30 16:19:39
@_author: Yet Amother Little Bird :- 
@_subject: Digicash Patents 
Take my name off this if you forward it please.....
A little bird told me that the Chaum e-cash patent portfolio is now owned by none other than First Data.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2003-06-12 02:37:02
@_author: Mark 
@_subject: Please post this on the USENET : alt.politics.org.ciaforme ....  somebody tries t 
They stopped my USENET communication after I had told that my thesis on the business consolidation of a foreign corporation in the North America was 100 % correct. I had told in 1991 that the consolidation of Ahlstrom Machinery, Inc. (AMI) was a failure and unsuccessful. During the 1990s many Ahsltrom Machinery's businesses were sold and the remaining parts were or are to be sold to Andritz from Graz, Austria in 2003. I had told them the truth in 1991 and I was punished by the executive management of AMI and people spread bad stories about me and my thesis in 1991 although it was graded as very good by one Professor. The Business Development Director of Ahsltrom Machinery, Inc. even forced me to change my thesis tosome extent by threatening to prevent me from graduating as the Masters of Science in Industrial Engineering and Management in April/May, 1991. His name is Markku Perkola. Itwas just my academic work.They had even told to my so called birthmother that my thesis was!
  no
t good, although it was graded as very good and as it is now concluded I was 100 % correct and right. So my thesis was right and these people of Ahsltrom Machinery and many people of Varkaus, Finland, just wanted to hurt me and destroyed my careerat my age of 24 (12 years ago), when I had told them the truth about the failing business operations of Ahsltrom Machinery in the North America in 1991.
So as the conclusion I was punished by people of Finland after I had told them the truth,which was my job in the first place. I was hired to write my thesis on their business consolidation and I told the truth. As we know now today Ahlstrom Machinery does not exist any longer.
Markku J. Saarelainen
Varkaus, Finland
 Andritz acquires 50% of Ahlstrom Machinery Group - extension to
100% possible
Increase of sales by 50% to 1,000 million Euros
Graz (Austria) based Andritz AG initially buys 50 per cent of the Finnish
Ahlstrom Machinery Group. The acquisition became effective as of May
31, 2000, after obtaining the required permissions under anti-trust
laws. Ahlstrom Machinery Group's future company name will be Andritz-
Ahlstrom Corporation. Both Andritz and the Seller have options whose
exercise would make Andritz the sole owner of Ahlstrom Machinery
Need a new email address that people can remember
Check out the new EudoraMail at
------------------------------- END TRANSMISSION -------------------------------

@_date: 2003-05-31 07:27:22
@_author: Robin 
@_subject: DARPA markets on MidEast  
I've been involved for several years in helping DARPA to create some markets to help aggregate info on political, military, and economic changes in the Middle East, and the effect of US policy on such changes. For those interested, we are finally going public with some info on these markets: Robin Hanson [EMAIL PROTECTED] Assistant Professor of Economics, George Mason University
MSN 1D3, Carow Hall, Fairfax VA 22030-4444
703-993-2326 FAX: 703-993-2323

@_date: 2004-04-08 08:59:21
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: Fun with Lawyers 
So here's an interesting question.
If 10,000 people on, say, April 15th did a Yahoo search on the word
Mesothelioma then clicked on the top sponsored lawyer link, would said
ambulance chaser have to fork half a million dollars over to Yahoo?
Even more efficient - how hard would it be for some clever coder to
write a few Perl scripts to do this?
Just thinking out loud.
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 2004-03-26 15:53:26
@_author: michelle savimbi 
@_subject: urgent response 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: multipart/alternative
Size: 9436 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
to 10 cents per transaction, claims the system reduces checkout time by 30%.
One early user of Pay by Touch are a handful of Piggly Wiggly supermarkets.
After installing the system in four stores in July, "a good, strong
percentage of our transactions are done by touch" already, says David
Schools, senior vice president of Piggly Wiggly Carolina Inc., based in
Charleston. He declined to be more specific. The chain hopes that customers
will register checking accounts and make electronic withdrawals via
fingerprint ID to pay for purchases, which would save the grocer steep
credit-card or debit-card fees.
IBM says that convenience stores are experimenting with fingerprints as an
alternative to radio-frequency identification cards like Exxon Mobil
Corp.'s Speedpass, to deal with the "sweaty jogger problem" -- cashless
runners coming in for coffee or Gatorade. The problem with RFID cards is
that anyone can use one that is lost or stolen. Not so with fingerprints.
Jeff Baughan, vice president of information technology at Catholic Health
Systems in Buffalo, N.Y., says he anticipates some day installing wireless
readers on the carts used by nursers that would read patients' fingers, to
double-check that the right patient gets the right medicine. Currently, the
health-care system is installing Ultra-Scan Corp. devices that read fingers
to register incoming patients and make sure that different people aren't
using the same insurance card.
Fingerprint-scanner authorization also is being used by business owners as
a replacement for lock combinations on safes. "Traditionally, two people
are given the same combination, and if there's a loss, how can you figure
out who took it?" says Edward McGunn, president of Corporate Safe
Specialists Inc., of Posen, Ill. He predicts that within two years, 80% of
his sales will be fingerprint safes, partly because it's much simpler to
train an unskilled manager to open one. "This is the most exciting time to
be in the safe business in my lifetime," says Mr. McGunn, a
third-generation safe maker.

@_date: 2005-02-24 12:03:41
@_author: somebody 
@_subject: No subject 
Bob --
This is not the world I desired, damnit!
Require third parties to provide the service.
Alice and Bob agree that Carol shall provide
free beer to all comers in perpetuity.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: e.g., equity resulting from labor invested 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
As with low literacy rates, high mortality and morbidity is likely to
discourage private investment from abroad. Further, if mortality and
morbidity rates are higher than the average for all developing countries
and are not improving, the likelihood exists that there are serious
deficiencies in the governmental and private-sector infrastructures.
Private Sector
 Category Two deals with the capacity of the private sector to improve
living conditions. To represent this category we have chosen three
measurements--inflation, emigration, and infrastructure--that, taken
together, give an indication of a state's capacity to survive economically
in the global economy.
Inflation. Every state, at one time or another, suffers peak levels of
inflation. Many have also experienced episodes of hyperinflation. Sustained
hyperinflation is an important indicator that a state may be headed for
failure. However, inflation figures may be highly volatile. On one hand, a
long-term trend of rising inflation does not bode well; consistent
inflation indicates underlying governmental difficulties, and also that
more than short-term improvement will be required to dampen consumer,
domestic, and foreign-investor expectations about inflation. On the other
hand, even a brief period of hyperinflation may be enough to damage
severely a state's chances of avoiding failure. For this and other
measurements, then, though the trend is important, it is also necessary to
note the impact of current conditions.
Emigration. As with inflation, most states have been "sending" countries at
one time or another. In most cases, voluntary emigration has benefited both
sender and receiver. Dividends have included increased foreign exchange in
the form of remittances; relief of unemployment and population pressures;
and the opportunity to improve the living condition of the migrant.
However, excessive levels of migration may add to difficulties imposed by
high morbidity and mortality rates. Another potential negative effect is
"brain-drain," the emigration of technical and professional personnel
essential to the maintenance of industry, services, and government
administration. Very general data regarding outward migration flows are
collected by the UN and the World Bank. The U.S. State Department and the
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees provide data for worldwide
refugee flows and the internal movements of displaced persons. (These data,
incidentally, are often in conflict with those reported by sending and
receiving countries.) Taken together, despite their shortcomings these
figures can be used to derive some useful trend data.
Infrastructure. "Infrastructure" is often taken to refer to public goods,
such as highways and airports, or private assets like telephones. Such
measures as telephones per capita are significant. If the trend is
positive, it is an indication that a platform for economic growth is being
erected and that the state involved is neither faltering nor failing. An
important, if less concrete, example of a private infrastructure good is a
state banking system, and further, the amounts entrusted to it by private
citizens. If a state suffers from severe economic problems and has no
mechanisms for encouraging savings, its platform for economic growth is
probably even weaker than more tangible public goods might indicate alone.
It may seem counterintuitive to discuss savings in poor states, but the
evidence indicates that they do exist. The strength of these savings and
their related programs are important to foreign investors, who view their
absence as a sign of serious problems. Such shortcomings usually stem from
manipulations by vested interests of a state's economy for their own gain,
implying that there are insufficient incentives for free enterprise.
Government Strength
 Category Three addresses a government's ability and willingness to invest
in the improvements to state infrastructure required to support economic
growth. As with Categories One and Two, we have chosen three measurements
to represent this category--border control, law and order, and government
 Efforts to improve infrastructure and promote growth are long-term ones
and require significant investments at least of organized sweat equity
(e.g., equity resulting from labor invested) in operations and maintenance.
A certain amount of security is necessary for both the state's exposure and
that of donors of foreign aid and sponsors of military civil affairs
projects. What is important here is to measure not a state's ability to
provide security for individual projects or locations but rather its
overall capacity and willingness to provide it. Although a certain amount
of data regarding the following three measurements is available from a
variety of sources, the final rating of a given state in this category must
be a subjective one.
Border control. Although the state-centric model of the international
political system may no longer be as powerful as it once was, states are
likely to remain the most important actors in the international arena for
the foreseeable future. One of the primary functions of any state is to
control its borders, in order to regulate commerce, maintain security,
exercise its legal system, and so forth. Its capacity to do so is a
valuable litmus test of the viability of a state's central government. An
inability to perform this function also suggests significant problems in
other areas.
Law and order. Maintaining internal order is a second key measure of a
government's--and state's--prospects. In extreme cases the ability of the
central government to guarantee the safety of its citizens stops at the
doorways of a few federal buildings in the capital. The presence of
criminal-controlled enclaves, rampant criminal activity, the failure or
incompetence of government police forces, and a lack of public belief in
the efficacy of government law enforcement all point to potentially
serious, even fatal, flaws. Other indicators in this category would be
civil wars or armed and effective resistance groups. Where the latter are
present, there is almost always an obvious and direct tie-in with control
of borders.
Government action. The final criterion in Category Three, government
ability and willingness to act, cuts directly to the capability of a
central government. In some cases, it is so weak that it is unable to
perform. (Robert Kaplan would say that all West African states, for
instance, would receive a red tile for this measurement.) In other cases,
the government does have the means to act but fails to do so because of
corruption, ineptitude, or misplaced priorities. Such a state may have
significant natural resources, financial assets, or a public-sector and
economic infrastructure but be led by an individual or group that has
abrogated the responsibilities of government. Such regimes, in effect,
cause their state to fail in order to advance their own interests, e.g.,
Idi Amin in Uganda. Sometimes their attitude leads only to insurrection and
revolution, but the result may be the failure of the state itself.
A Special Challenge
 For the purposes of illustration we have chosen to apply this methodology
(retroactively) to Somalia for the 1980-1990 time frame. 11 The results are
indicated in Figure 2. Insufficient information is available to assess the
color of certain tiles, but we would argue that the preponderance of red
tiles and downward-pointing arrows for the period would have indicated
Somalia's potential failure to such U.S. policy makers as joint commanders
in chief in the years preceding its collapse. For brevity we present only
one example in this article; however, our work with other cases suggests
that this methodology warrants continued and deeper investigation.
 It should be reemphasized that the final determination of a state's
potential for failure rests on no single area. For example, in the United
States (a nation that is not deemed in danger of failure) one could cite
failure to control borders and high crime rates as potentially serious
problems. It is the combination of data and trends across all three
categories that allows one to assign a color code to an individual state.
 There are difficulties inherent in this taxonomy. Currently, there is no
single, central location where the required information can be obtained.
The Central Intelligence Agency does not now maintain a central database.
Some elements of the data reside at the Department of State, others at the
UN, and still others at private organizations. In some areas the figures
are unreliable or nonexistent. We would therefore recommend as a starting
point the establishment of a central repository for the required
information, one that is unclassified and accessible to all. The material
should be gathered overtly, either by the countries themselves or by
reputable research teams. Although the CIA might be the most logical
custodian (already possessing, as it does, the tools of data collection and
assimilation), its national intelligence function may make it politically
unsuited to this role. The UN, despite its significant inefficiencies and
multilayered bureaucracies, would seem the best home for this global
database, despite the enormous political pressures sometimes applied to
portray a "rosy picture."
 Data now obtainable is sketchy, unreliable, or nonexistent for some
countries and regions, and for significant historical periods of time. The
reason may be an inability on the part of the state to collect such data
(perhaps in itself an indicator of a problem) or reluctance to publicize
poor performance. Data can be falsified to make a state look better (or
worse, in an effort to attract aid) than it actually is. To begin to
correct these potential flaws, states might be required to submit data as
part of the price of admission to the United Nations, or as a prerequisite
for UN assistance and funding. Random verification could ascertain the
validity of reported figures, although we suspect that many nongovernmental
organizations would voluntarily serve, in effect, as watchdogs.
 Measurements requiring a subjective judgment pose a special challenge. The
U.S. ambassador to a state should obviously be consulted. However, this
does raise the issue of possible "clientism," and it could place an
ambassador who submitted a negative input in a potentially difficult
position. The regional commander in chief should also be brought in,
especially in regard to the capacity of the military branches of a
government, which are, in some cases, responsible for internal security.
 A better solution, in our opinion, would be for the Central Intelligence
Agency (or the United Nations) to be the central collection point. These
data could then be forwarded for review by a senior interagency working
group (IWG), which would submit recommendations to the National Security
Council for decision. There is no reason why private relief organizations
could not have representatives on this IWG. (Selecting an appropriately
experienced individual to represent this large and diverse community would
seem to be a challenge best solved by the "relief community" itself.) In
this manner, civil and military attempts to provide developmental aid could
be directed toward those areas where they would do the most long-term good;
advance planning could be undertaken for humanitarian responses to states
at high risk of collapse; and nations recovering from failure could be
channeled the right form of assistance. Over time, it appears, such a
consistent approach would both most wisely invest donor assets and provide
the most long-lasting benefit to those in need.
having failed in the same sense that the Holy Roman Empire failed--they are
now "extinct." Obviously, extinct states are not contenders for U.S. aid or
other forms of assistance; on the other hand, in the late 1980s and early
1990s Czechoslovakia and other states were in fact approaching political
failure. A foreign aid taxonomy must distinguish between political failures
that are "positive" (e.g., consistent with U.S. national interests or
reflective of the political consensus in, or economic self-interest of, the
affected country) and those that are negative, as in Somalia, where there
was widespread anarchy and starvation.
of any variety of combat but merely as pointing out the range of
capabilities possessed by potential opponents.
constitutes less than 6 percent of the total U.S. budget and that the
majority of foreign aid is predisbursed to Israel, Egypt, Greece, and
Turkey. (The wisdom of that may be debated, but it is not the subject of
this article.) Nevertheless, development efforts are expensive in terms of
real dollars spent and even more so in proportion to the foreign aid budget
1996, p. 42), Vice President Al Gore requested that the Central
Intelligence Agency study this problem. For the Agency response, see D.C.
Esty, J.A. Goldstone, T.R. Gurr, P.T. Surko, and A.N. Unger, "State Failure
Task Force Report," Working Paper for the Central Intelligence Committee
(Washington: November 1995).
February 1994, pp. 44-76.
Foreign Policy, Winter 1992-1993, pp. 3-21.
Random House, 1993).
Univ. Press, 1995), p. 163.
Health Report 1995 (Geneva: 1995), pp. 105-8.
Development Reports (New York: Oxford Univ. Press, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994,
1995); U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census, World Population
Profile 1994 (Washington: U.S. Govt. Print. Off., 1994) and Demographic,
Economic, Social Statistics for the World (Washington: U.S. Govt. Print.
Off., 1996); World Resources Institute, World Resources 1994-5: Guide to
the Global Environment; and World Health Organization.
Dr. Miskel is a professor of national security affairs at the Naval War
College. During the Reagan and Bush administrations he served on the
National Security Council as Director for Defense Policy and Arms Control.
Dr. Miskel's doctorate is in modern European and Soviet history; he is the
author of Buying Trouble? National Security and Reliance on Foreign
Industry (Lanham, Md.: University Press of America, 1993).
 Commander Norton recently retired from the U.S. Navy, after spending his
last three years of active duty as a faculty member of the National
Security Decision Making Department at the Naval War College. He is
currently an adjunct professor of international relations at Florida
International University and a Ph.D candidate at The Fletcher School of Law
and Diplomacy. His most recent publication was National Security Decision
Making, vol. II, Case Studies in Contingency Operations, which he coedited
with Professor Miskel (Naval War College Press, 1994).  [Return to top]

@_date: 2006-08-11 09:28:38
@_author: Vickie (unknown [84.148.20.55] 
@_subject: several lenders compete for your business 
Dear Home Owner,
Your Credit Doesn't Matter To Us!
If you own real estate and want Immiediate cash to spend
ANY way you like, or simply wish to LOWER your monthly payments
by over 33% or more then you have found the right place.
$490,000 as low as 3.75%
$375,000 as low as 3.85%
$250,000 as low as 3.85%
$125,000 as low as 3.89%
Visit our site by clicking Delmar Lacey Account Manager

@_date: 2006-07-08 07:59:33
@_author: Candace (unknown [68.19.178.162] 
@_subject: cooltoad.com  
Dear Home Owner,
Your Credit Doesn't Matter To Us!
If you own real estate and want Immiediate cash to spend
ANY way you like, or simply wish to LOWER your monthly payments
by over 33% or more then you have found the right place.
$480,000 as low as 3.60%
$390,000 as low as 3.90%
$275,000 as low as 3.90%
$125,000 as low as 3.89%
Visit our site by clicking Dusty Fenton Account Manager

@_date: 2006-06-21 09:50:23
@_author: Morgan Stanley 
@_subject: CTXE has been on fire latley (up %161 in last 63 Days!) 
Hot Sectors! TRADING ALERT!
PUT CTXE ON YOUR RADAR SCREEN!
WE SEE HUGE MOMENTUM BUILDING AND FEEL SOMETHING IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN
TRADE DATE: Wednesday, June 21st, 2006
Symbol: CTXE
COMPANY: Cantex Energey Corporation
OPENING PRICE: $0.44 GET IT NOW WHILE ITS CHEAP!
TWO WEEK PROJECTED PRICE IS $1.15
Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: There is a Big PR Campaign starting this weeek . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in NOW.
Company Profile
Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. Recent News
Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to announce that Dr. Tom Morgan and Mr. James C. (Jim) Mannatt Jr. have joined the Board of Directors effective immediately. Dr. Morgan is Consulting Geophysicist with Providence Technologies and the Big Canyon 2D Swath. Mr. Mannatt is the well-published owner of Providence Technologies Inc., the technology Company that has licensed its unique and proven technology to Cantex and its working interest partners on the Big Canyon Prospect.
The Company is also pleased to report that the first of three lines has now been completed and data is being processed. The second line is underway and the entire project continues to be ahead of schedule.
Trace Maurin, President of Cantex Energy Corp., stated, "We have always believed that our geophysical experts at Providence Technologies have the capability and expertise to provide us the necessary advantages in proving up the estimated tcf of gas in the Big Canyon prospect. To have the owner of Providence join our board speaks volumes for the future of our shareholders."
Other news: As May 31, 2006 was the annual year end, the Company has retained its lawyers to prepare and file, as soon as possible, a Form 10 Registration Statement with the SEC. The year-end financials will be posted on the Company's web site on or before the end of June.
Our Opinion is, you haven't seen nothing yet!
Don't get caught in the dust.  Start watching Monday as this company has been known to release news at any time that could move the stock up 300-500% in 1 day of trading.  GOOD LUCK AND TRADE AT THE TOP!
Wesley Hannah
Chief Executive Officer
Charles Schwab

@_date: 2006-10-30 14:39:31
@_author: Virginia Fonda 
@_subject: wl All Hot Demanding Medications At Low Price From $1.14/pill (Viagr, Xana, Va1iu, Meridi, Ambie, Levitr, Ciali) companion 
YOUR BEST CHOICE FOR MEDS AT LOW $
We have popular meds
* WHOLESALE PRICE FROM $1.14/PILL
* No Doctor Visits
* Secure 0rder
* All countries shipping
* Only FDA Approved Drugs
* Fully Confidential
* Next Day Priority Shipping
* Discreet Packaging
* Buy in Bulk and Save!
Order Online Here
miss luck night cant, understand reference embarrass longer second. quietly ticket sugar. some thought follow keeping happen room,

@_date: 2007-04-13 17:25:48
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: Fwd: [Colloquia] Colloquium on Thursday, April 19, 2007 
Here's another of your alley cats....
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2007-02-04 06:22:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Export Notice 
Harris SecNet 11 Secure Wireless Local Area Network is being offered on the Web site Cryptome.org:
John Young
Cryptome Administrator

@_date: 2009-06-21 06:30:45
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: "Utopian Dream for Caribbean Isle Goes Bad" 
San Francisco Chronicle
Editorial by Warren Hinckle [pioneering New Left author and reporter]
21 June 2009
The annals of journalism are rife with unintended consequences. The  San Francisco Chronicle's inadvertent role in the invasion of the tiny  Caribbean island of Anguilla in 1969 by the military forces of the  declining British Empire is a bells-and-whistles example.
This story is so similar to the Leonard Wibberley classic, "The Mouse  That Roared," that it hints of plagiarism, although The Chronicle's  Anguilla misadventure was an original. In Wibberley's 1955 satire, the  tatterdemalion Duchy of Grand Fenwick intrigues to declare war on the  United States and then surrender post-haste to enjoy the comforts of  the generous reconstruction aid America famously afforded its  vanquished enemies; very funny.
It was not so funny, however, in 1969 when Great Britain invaded  Anguilla - a leeward sand spit in the Lesser Antilles islands then  without telephones let alone an army - to put down to a perceived  threat to Her Majesty's government. The invasion was the real deal -  paratroopers landed! - and the proximate cause of this international  incident was The Chronicle and the antics of some of the fabulous San  Francisco characters the newspaper held dear.
Scott Newhall, The Chronicle's buccaneering, wooden-legged editor - he  lost a limb adventuring in Mexico - was gung-ho for the cause of  Anguillan independence and put his money where his editorials were:  Chronicle copy boys were dragooned into service to work an antique  coin press outside the newspaper's offices to counter stamp 10,000  foreign coins that Newhall had purchased with the words "Anguilla  Liberty Dollar." The plan was to sell the coins to collectors to get  the foundling republic on a firm financial footing.
Newhall's private Marshall Plan for Anguilla included the creation of  snazzy Republic of Anguilla passports with faux-leather covers. He  designed an Anguillan flag - two comely mermaids on a field of blue -  that first kissed air over the St. Francis Hotel when the Anguillan  freedom delegation came to visit San Francisco in 1967. Anguilla's  passport and flag appeared overnight courtesy of Freeman, Mander &  Gossage, the advertising shop of Howard Gossage, Newhall's buddy and  Anguillan co-conspirator.
Gossage was an advertising genius who hated his profession and made  his living biting the hands that fed him. "To explain social  responsibility to advertising men is like trying to convince an 8-year- old that sexual intercourse is more fun than a chocolate ice cream  cone," Gossage would often say. (Gossage, in the 1960s, presciently  predicted the current plight of daily newspapers. He said that  advertising would eventually kill off newspapers by artificially  subsidizing subscription prices below their costs: "A newspaper should  cost as much as a pack of cigarettes.")
Gossage hosted a world-class intellectual salon at his magnificently  restored firehouse-office on Pacific Street and was always on the hunt  for the next big idea. Tom Wolfe, in a famous essay on Marshall  McLuhan, credits Gossage for virtually inventing the man, and the  genesis of the great Anguilla caper was the occasion of Gossage  introducing the thinker he had handicapped as the next McLuhan -  Professor Leopold Kohr, the prophet of smallness. Kohr maintained that  when things - corporations and governments alike - became too big,  they no longer functioned well, if at all. He advocated that San  Francisco become a city-state. Newhall was all ears.
When Anguilla declared independence July 11, 1967, it was the moment  the city-staters had waited for - a wannabe country of the perfect  size (6,000 population, salt-farm and fishing economy) to try out the  professor's theories. Newhall immediately assigned globe-trotting  reporter George Draper to the story, and the editor himself  accompanied his ace to Anguilla "for a firsthand excursion into a  revolution." Draper was a suave and perpetually tanned slave of  deadline who wore the mufti of Brooks Brothers pink shirts and threw  louche parties in his Nob Hill apartment to which the social set  thronged. Draper's copy breathed a world-weariness and droll  acceptance of the continuing foibles of humanity. Newhall once sent  Draper to Africa on an inventive assignment to expose the Zanzibar  slave market by buying a slave girl and then dramatically freeing her  at the United Nations, but the plan was aborted when Draper ran out of  expense money en route. Professor Kohr had hastened to Anguilla to  advise the government-aborning that by applying his principles of  smallness, Anguilla would "rival, one day, the glories of ancient  Reporter Draper was not so sure. "The future course of the Anguillan  republic is open at this moment to the most extreme conjecture," he  wrote, in a Chronicle front-page dispatch from the rebellious island.  Robert Bradshaw, the premier of the British Commonwealth Federation of  St. Kitts-Nevis-Anguilla, from which Anguilla was attempting to free  itself, was not so diplomatic. He went on the radio to blame  "interfering Americans" for all the bother. By "interfering  Americans," he meant those busybodies from San Francisco.
This bother came to a boil when Anguilla boldly asserted its  independence in Times Roman large type in that most contemporary of  proclamations, a full-page advertisement in the Aug. 14, 1967, New  York Times. The Times ad copy was written by Gossage and, in one of  the finer ironies of competitive newspapering, personally paid for by  the editor of The Chronicle. The arresting headline on the  advertisement was: "Is it 'silly' that Anguilla does not want to  become a nation of bus boys?" The ad pledged Anguillans to the strict  code of smallness and rejected any ideas about turning their idyllic  island over to tourist-hotel developers - because then most of their  citizens would end up working for the hotels at menial tasks, such as  busing tables. Anguilla could make it on its own with a little help  from its friends, particularly friends who would buy their Liberty  dollars and use their passports, dual citizenship being an implied  nonproblem. This way, Anguilla could remain small.
The advertisement had the opposite effect. The unspoiled island  prompted international interest from developers and other schemers.  Proposals cascaded in for casinos, offshore banks, cancer-cure  hospitals, free-love colonies. These seemingly lucrative offers both  rattled and tempted the fledgling we-will-stay-small government. The  pragmatic Anguillans went sideways on the idealistic San Franciscans.  Could just one, well, maybe two, hotels possibly be so bad?
"It was then our plans began to go awry," Newhall recalled, without  acrimony. When the Crown's representatives began to publicly fret that  organized crime might be infiltrating the island, Great Britain  dispatched some 300 troops in March 1969 to take control. Draper and  Newhall had long gone. There was no resistance.
The well-meaning San Franciscans who had fronted the expenses for  Anguilla's attempt to stay small were left to pay off large bills,  including airline tickets and hotel room-service charges - lamb chops  were the Anguillans' favorite, at 10 bucks apiece. They also were left  with a disposal problem of some 5,000 Anguilla Liberty dollars.Today,  you can buy them on eBay. In its history, The Chronicle has been no  novice at newspaper promotion - it was not an accident of positioning  that Luisa Tetrazzini sang "The Last Rose of Summer" on Christmas Eve  of 1910 directly in front of the-then Chronicle building at Kearny and  Market streets - but Anguilla was not a circulation promotion. The  Chronicle neither gained, nor sought, advantage from this great  endeavor. This was at a time - it was after all the Panglossian '60s -  when ideas were the lingua franca of San Francisco and there was  competition over who could be the most effective Don Quixote.
For many years, the unused flag of the Republic of Anguilla hung in a  place of honor in the Telegraph Hill apartment of Dr. Gerald Feigen,  the third member of Newhall's free-Anguilla triumvirate. Feigen was  Gossage's partner in the idea business, and a legendary wise-cracking  proctologist. Feigen loaned Anguilla's only bank the funds to  replenish its bare coffers and lost all his money. Anguilla today is  no longer so small. It is a self-governing British territory that is  headquarters to offshore corporations and a neon-less Vegas Strip in  the far Caribbean of hotels and resorts that employ many, many busboys.
Warren Hinckle is a San Francisco journalist and author.

@_date: 2009-05-06 09:51:50
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: GPS my door? 
Suppose you are a domestic terrorist because you have made noises,
written newspapers, put Ron Paul stickers on your bumper, you are an
Oath Keeper," a member of JPFO, ad-nauseum:
Now suppose your house has been located by one of the 170,000 people
working for the census and coordinates given to your front door:
Now suppose some problems break out in your area between angry
citizens and our Mother Culture.imagine that somewhere out there
a pilot is typing your name into his plane or choppers computer, the
one that controls Precision-guided munitions (PGMs, smart munitions,
smart bombs, guided bomb units or GBUs) you know, the ones being
perfected over in the Mid-Eastyour name and coordinates are set:
Better yet, maybe the pilot just flies, and someone in Homeland
Security at some darkened monitor somewhere types your name.heres
what happens:
Id suggest activists might want to leave their homes for a while should
disagreements break out between the Mother Culture and her charges.
Lets listen to Ben Franklin a moment, should you wonder if our
is capable of this stuff: Never trust a government that doesn't trust
citizens with guns. Then ask yourself: Does your government trust you,
does it seem just a little paranoid?
This is rather bizarre....target on your back? Nope....heh....target on
front door...

@_date: 2009-05-27 07:29:50
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: GOA kicks ass, calls names, threatens prison.  List headed by 
and AHTA
List includes AFSA, AHTA, Astaphan, JB, Cora Hodge, Abel, Pastor Philip,
Rizzuto, First Caribbean, Uncle Kennet, Keithley Lake, Lime, Claudel,
Hauser, Bevington, Optimist Club, Adventists, Pump House, UWI and
Gleefully published by "Dr" Vernal Bryan:
ABS 2008 - Listed Businesses are asked to contact the Anguilla
Date Posted: May 26, 2009
Anguilla National Accounts and Balance of Payments - FINAL REMINDER
(Press Release - Anguilla Statistics Department) - The Anguilla
Department has reviewed its files of returns for the Annual Business
and even though the deadline for returning the questionnaire has
passed, a
vast majority of businesses still have not returned their
In December 2008 the Department distributed via mail the Annual Business
Survey questionnaire(s) to all businesses on our record as at September
2008. It is imperative that the data is received by the Department
Friday, May 22, 2009, as the data is integral for the calculation of the
2008 National Accounts and Balance of Payments figures for Anguilla.
Our records seem to indicate that a number of businesses, such as, not
profit organisations, sport clubs, restaurants, hotels and other
organisations have yet to return the questionnaire completed as
as possible.
To this end, we are requesting that the owner/manager of the following
businesses contact the Statistics Department today to regularise the
of his/her business return(s). Owners/Managers are also requested to
check their files and ensure that the requisite business
have been returned.
18 Degrees North
Altamer Resort
Anguilla Caribbean Lottery
Anguilla Civil Service Association
Anguilla Family Planning Association
Anguilla Financial Service Association
Anguilla Football Association
Anguilla Great House
Anguilla Hotel & Tourism Association
Anguilla Mortgage Company Ltd.
Anguilla Red Cross
Anguilla Rums Ltd.
Anguilla Shores
Anguilla Tennis Academy
Apex Auto Supplies
Aronel Ltd
Ashleys and Sons
Astaphan's Chambers
Bananas by the Sea
Benjamine Company Services
Bevis Trucking
Boo's Car & Cycle Rentals
C.R. Hodge & Associates
Carib Trans
Caribbean Associated Attorneys
Caribbean Cable Communications (Anguilla), Ltd
Caribbean Juris Chambers
Church Of God (Holiness) Preschool
Ciao Pizza
Collen Clothings & Home Fashion
Connies Home Centre
Coyaba Manor
Cuisinart Resort & Spa
D-3 Enterprises Ltd./Royal Sun Alliance & Atlantic
Delta Petroleum Anguilla Ltd
Diamonds International Limited
Easy Corner Villas
Ellie's Music/Record Shop
Elodias Beach Resort
English Rose
First Caribbean International Bank
Foods Ninety Five
Four Star (Amerijet)
Gorgeous Scilly Cay
Harney Westwood & Riegels Services (Anguilla) Ltd
Isaura Villas
Island Car Rental
Island Construction
J.T.C Customs Brokerage & Shipping Agents
KCW et al
Keene Enterprises
Keesha Fleming Law Office
Keithley F. Lake & Associates
Kerwin Kottages
Kwik Kopy
Le Petit Patissier Koal Keel Co. Ltd.
Leon's Tailoring & Dressmaking
Light House Restaurant
LIME Anguilla
Lloyd's Aviation Services
Madeariman Reef
Mag's Cake Dicor Baking Supplies
Mala's Cottage
Max Printing Service
National Trucking & Heavy Equipment
Optimist Club of Anguilla
Paradise Cove Resort
Professional Corporate Services, Ltd
Professional Digital Services Ltd
Rich One Rental & Sales
Roadwell Cafi
Roy's Bayside Grill
Seventh-Day Adventist Church
Simply Natural by Yinka
Something Special Limited
Spyglass Hill Villa
Tasty's Restaurant
TE Wade Construction & Architectural Design
The Overlook Restaurant
The Pumphouse
The Purple Rose Florist
Tri-Us Inc
Tropical Distributors Co. Ltd.
Tropical Flower Ltd
U.W.I. Distance Education Centre
Ultimate Dvd's Plus
Veya Restaurant
Vinca Plumbing Co.Ltd
Weblinks Ltd.
Zara's Seafood Restaurant
Businesses are required by law, to complete this questionnaire and upon
completion the data supplied to the Department becomes confidential. The
protection of the collected data is legislated and guaranteed, under the
Statistics Act of Anguilla. Additionally under Section 19 of the
Act of Anguilla, any person guilty of an offence against this Act or any
regulation made thereunder for which no special punishment is provided
liable on summary conviction to a fine of $3,000, and in default of
to imprisonment for a period of 6 months, and in the case of a
offence to a further fine of $100 for each day on which the offence
continues after conviction.
We are kindly and finally requesting that the completed form(s) be
to the Statistics Department by Friday, 22nd May 2009 by mail in the
self-addressed envelope enclosed, fax or e-mail media (please request an
electronic version). Failing this the Statistics Department would be
with no choice but to seek the assistance of the Attorney Generals
Should anyone have any questions or difficulties when completing the
questionnaire please do not hesitate to contact us for assistance at
telephone number 497-2451 Ext 2874 or 497-5731.
We would like to take this opportunity to thank persons in advance for
taking the time to provide the requested information.
The Anguilla Statistics Department would like to take this opportunity
thank all those businesses that have already returned their

@_date: 2010-11-12 12:46:47
@_author: Prestigious watch and gifts 
@_subject: Smart bags and the Swiss watch 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 446 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: ODS 
@_subject: subscribe 
MPs from the Civic Democratic Party (ODS) and the Green Party (SZ) who
signed it in March 2010.
The Constitutional Court decision criticizes the Czech transposition of the
Data Retention Directive. The Czech legislation requires the retaining of a
larger number of data than the directive demands, where the use of data is
not limited to investigating terrorism and serious organised crime. There
was a lack of the principle of subsidiarity in the legislation related to
eavesdropping, although these data are equally sensitive. This has led to a
large number of requests for such data by the police. The national
legislation lacked, according to the constitutional court, clear and
detailed rules for the protection of personal data as well as the obligation
to inform the person whose data has been requested.
The court said that EU law was not part of the constitution of the Czech
Republic and that the directive could therefore not be reviewed by the
Constitutional Court. According to the court decision, the content of the
Data Retention Directive gives the Czech Republic sufficient space for
its constitutionally conformal transposition. However, the Constitutional
Court has doubts about the necessity and proportionality of the data
retention principle in the obiter dictum paragraphs (p. 55-57). The court
doubted whether the blanket monitoring of the communications of all citizens
in terms of intensity of intervention into the private sphere is necessary
and appropriate. The court also doubted the effectiveness of the use of the
retained data in combating crime, particularly with reference to the
possibility of anonymising communications. The police statistics show that
despite a significant increase in the number of requests for traffic and
location data, this did not translate into a proportional number of
committed and solved crimes.
The Constitutional Court also regards certain provisions of the
Criminal Act concerning the use of such data by authorities engaged in
criminal proceeding as highly questionable and it called on MPs to consider
its modification. According to the Court, it will be necessary to consider
each individual case in which data have already been requested in order to
be used in criminal proceedings, with respect to the principle of
proportionality regarding privacy rights infringement.
Text of the complaint (only in Czech)
Text of the court decision (only in Czech) - to be translated in English in
the next 2 weeks
Constitutional Court: Spying on Communication Declared Unconstitutional
Constitutional Court invalidates telecommunications data retention
law (1.04.2011)
Czech Republic: Constitutional Court Overturns Parts of Data Retention Law
(Contribution by Jan Voboril - EDRi-member IuRe - Czech Republic)
2. EDRi responds to IPR Enforcement consultation
European Digital Rights has submitted on 31 March 2011 its response to the
European Commission's consultation on the implementation of the IPR
Enforcement Directive.
The response examines the claims made by the Commission, the evidence (or
lack thereof) for its assumptions and the lessons that it draws and fails to
draw from the experience of European citizens with the implementation of the
Directive. The first section of the response deals with the overall approach
of the Commission and its reaction to what it calls "ubiquitous"
unauthorised filesharing online. EDRi questions whether many of the
assumptions regarding the "cost" of such filesharing are correct,
particularly with a growing body of research indicating that the impact is
either zero or close to zero.
This leads on to a more fundamental question of the legitimacy of current
copyright legislation. If breaches really are "ubiquitous," is a response
which is mainly or wholly based on repression either proportionate or
effective? With equally ubiquitous problems concerning the cost, the format
and the availability of audiovisual material, would it not be better to
properly service the market rather enforce respect for a broken market?
With regard to criminal law and unauthorised access to audiovisual content,
EDRi argues that the Commission's current approach of treating
"counterfeiting and piracy" as one phenomenon, as if the causes and
solutions for counterfeit medication are the same as for private music
downloading, is simply wrong. Indeed, worst than that, treating both as the
same can only result in either counterfeit drugs being subject to unduly
weak countermeasures or unauthorised access to audiovisual material being
treated disproportionally harshly.
The response pays particular attention to the vague and dangerous assertion
that the fundamental right to privacy can somehow be re-balanced against the
right, included in the Charter of Fundamental Rights, to property. The
response points out that a balance between rights can never be done in the
abstract, rendering the whole approach by the Commission meaningless. It
goes on to point to the UNESCO Convention on Protection and Promotion of the
Diversity of Cultural Expressions (which the EU collectively and almost all
Member States individually have signed up to), which, in article 2, explains
that cultural diversity can be protected and promoted only if human rights
and fundamental freedoms, such as freedom of expression, information and
communication, as well as the ability of individuals to choose cultural
expressions, are guaranteed."
In its report, the Commission also subtly mentions that "it could be useful
to clarify that injunctions should not depend on the liability of the
intermediary". What this means in practice is that courts could ignore the
provisions of the E-Commerce Directive on "mere conduit" (regarding access
to illegal material) and on the imposition of a "general obligation to
monitor". The Commission's view - and the view that it has given to the
European Court of Justice in the Scarlet/Sabam case - is that national
courts may (and should) impose monitoring, blocking and filtering
obligations on Internet service providers and that the E-Commerce Directive
should not prevent them from doing this. The Commission's analysis fails to
acknowledge, let alone address, how this would be compatible with the
European Charter of Fundamental Rights - the same Charter that it so eagerly
uses to defend the weakening of the fundamental right to privacy.
The EDRi response concludes by listing a set of issues to be addressed in
any impact assessment used to justify a re-opening and extension of the IPR
Enforcement Directive.
EDRi response to IPRED Consultation (31.03.2011)
Report on the enforcement of intellectual property rights (COM(2010) 779)
Analysis of the application of Directive 2004/48/EC on the enforcement of
intellectual property rights in the Member States (SEC(2010) 1589)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
3. EDPS criticizes the EU PNR scheme
Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) issued on 25
March 2011 his opinion on the European Commission's proposal to oblige
airline carriers to provide EU Member States with personal data (PNR) on
passengers entering or leaving the EU space, with the declared purpose to
fight serious crime and terrorism.
On 2 February 2011, the European Commission made a new proposal for a PNR
Directive, to extend the passenger-tracking systems already in use in the UK
and US to all flights to and from the EU. PNR data may include personal
information such as home addresses, email addresses, mobile phone numbers,
frequent flyer information, and even credit card information.
In the EDPS' opinion, although the new proposal is an improved version as
compared to the previous document released in 2007, particularly due to the
addition of data protection safeguards, the restriction of the proposal's
scope and the conditions for PNR data processing under EU data protection
law, it is still unjustified.
The EDPS draws attention to the fact that the Proposal does not meet
"the essential prerequisite to any development of a PNR scheme - i.e.
compliance with necessity and proportionality principles".
The EDPS emphasizes that the need to collect or store massive amounts of
personal data must be substantiated by a clear demonstration of the
relationship between use and result (necessity principle). Hustinx believes
the proposal and the accompanying Impact Assessment fail to demonstrate the
necessity and the proportionality of a large collection of PNR data for the
purpose of the systematic assessment of all passengers.
The EDPS raises concerns related to the use of PNR data "in a systematic
and indiscriminate way" and believes that the only measure compliant with
data protection requirements would be the use of PNR data on cases when
there is a serious threat established by concrete indicators on a
case-by-case basis.
Hustinx makes a series of recommendations, among which a further limitation
of the proposal's scope that would exclude minor crimes and the possibility
for Member States to extend its reach. He also questions the
inclusion of serious crimes which have no relation to terrorism.
One recommendation is the limitation of the data retention period to 30
days, except for cases which require further investigation. The data
should be retained in an identifiable form.
The EDPS recommends a higher standard of safeguards, especially in relation
to the data subjects' rights and transfers to third countries.
While welcoming the fact that sensitive data were not included in the list
of data to be collected, the EDPS still considers the list to be too
extensive and recommends its further reduction in agreement with
the recommendations of the Article 29 Working Party and the EDPS.
Hustinx says that an assessment of the EU PNR system "should be based on
comprehensive data, including the number of persons effectively convicted -
and not only prosecuted - on the basis of the processing of their data." He
also recommends the assessment of the system "in a broader perspective
including the ongoing general evaluation of all EU instruments in the field
of information exchange management launched by the Commission in January
2010. In particular, the results of the current work on the European
Information Exchange Model expected for 2012 should be taken into
consideration in the assessment of the need for an EU PNR scheme."
Meanwhile, the UK Home Office has expressed concern over the delay of the
draft PNR Directive and has shown its support for the extension of any
passenger-tracking system to flights between EU countries as well as those
outside EU territory. The House of Lords has recently urged the
Government to opt in to the proposal, ensuring its change to include all
international flights.
EU Passenger Name Record: proposed system fails to meet necessity
requirement, says EDPS (28.03.2011)
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the Proposal for a
Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the use of
Passenger Name Record data for the prevention, detection, investigation and
prosecution of terrorist offences and serious crime (25.03.2011)
PNR should be deleted after 30 days, says EU privacy watchdog (1.04.2011)
EDRi-gram: Commission's proposal for PNR Directive fails to impress MEPs
4. Ten Internet Rights & Principles for Human Rights and Social Justice
The Internet Rights and Principles Dynamic Coalition (DC-IRP) launched on 31
March 2011 its "10 Internet Rights and Principles" for an Internet
governance rooted in human rights and social justice.
These 10 Internet Rights and Principles are part of a global initiative
undertaken in the framework of the UN Internet Governance Forum (IGF), by
the DC-IRP to develop a comprehensive Charter of Human Rights and Principles
for the Internet. In addition to the 10 Internet Rights and Principles, the
Charter is built into two sections. The first interprets human rights and
defines principles that stem from these rights for the purposes and concerns
of the information society. The second section addresses the roles that
different actors and stakeholders should play in order to uphold these
rights and principles.
This Charter is not an attempt to create new rights, but to reinterpret and
explain universal human rights standards in a new context - the Internet.
The Charter re-emphasizes that human rights apply online as they do offline:
human rights standards, as defined in international law, are non-negotiable.
The Charter also identifies principles, deriving from human rights, which
are necessary to preserve the Internet as a medium for civil, political,
economic, social and cultural development. It describes the responsibilities
that states have in relation to the Internet as well as the part that all
individuals and society organs have to play, considering that the Internet
is, through its design, a trans-boundary multi-stakeholder environment where
no single entity has control.
In this context, the 10 Internet Rights and Principles outline the core
demands in order to defend and expand the Internet as a space which is
empowering, open and accessible to all. To this end, they identify the main
requirements that should be met in the online environment, with regards to:
universality and equality; rights and social justice; accessibility;
expression and association; privacy and data protection; life, liberty and
security; diversity; network equality; standards and regulation; and
Governance. Such guidelines for policy and practice are much needed at a
time where human rights and social justice are under a double threat on the
Internet, from governments (both authoritarian and democratic) who seek to
control it, and from businesses who seek to monetise it.
The 10 Internet Rights and Principles were launched at the second expert
meeting on "Freedom of Expression and the Internet" in Stockholm, convened
on 30-31 March 2011 by the Swedish Ministry for Foreign Affairs. The UN
Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Opinion and Expression and the OSCE
Representative on Freedom of the Media, who attended this launching event,
welcomed this initiative.
The DC-IRP is an international multi-stakeholder network of people and
organisations - among them a number of EDRi members and observers - who are
working to uphold human rights on and through the Internet. Its Charter is
currently released as a beta version, and the Coalition welcomes comments
and contributions on its website. The 10 Internet Rights and Principles
derive from the Charter, distilling it down into 10 core demands. They are
already available in more than 15 languages, with further translations still
DC-IRP main website with the 10 Internet Rights and Principles
DC-IRP website dedicated to its Charter
Second Expert Meeting on Human Rights and the Internet Stockholm
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRi-member IRIS - France)
5. Judicial Review of the Digital Economy Act
In July 2010 UK ISPs TalkTalk and BT filed papers seeking a Judicial Review
(JR) of the Digital Economy Act, and were then granted a hearing. In the UK,
JRs are rare. They can be brought when there is concern that a UK law
contradicts over-riding legislation (e.g. European law). They sought the
Review on four grounds: that the UK government didn't notify the EU as
required under the Technical Standards Directive; that the Act does not
comply with e-privacy laws; that the Act does not comply with e-commerce
legislation; and that the Act has a "disproportionate" effect on ISPs,
businesses and the public. More recently a fifth ground was added, related
to the Costs Sharing Order and its consistency with the "Authorisation
The hearing began on 23 March and finished on 28 March 2011.
The Claimants BT and TalkTalk were joined by Consumer Focus
and Article 19, who submitted evidence of the "chilling effect" of the
DEAct. EDRi-member Open Rights Group submitted evidence as a "friend of the
court", covering primarily the effect on public Wi-Fi provision, the privacy
questions, and the weaknesses of IP evidence. As well as legal submissions
from Francis Davey, we submitted a witness statement from Jim Killock and an
expert report on the technical questions behind a reliance on IP address
evidence from Richard Clayton.
The primary Defendant is the Secretary of State for Business, Skills and
Industry (ie the Minister in charge of the department that was responsible
for the Bill / Act the time of passing). They were joined by the BPI, the
British Video Association Limited, Broadcasting Entertainment Cinematograph
and Theatre Union, Equity, Film Distributors' Association, the Premier
League, the MPA, The Musicians Union, Producers Alliance for Cinema and
Television, and Unit.
A full daily summary of the JR hearing is up on our blog. There seemed (to
this not-legally-trained observer) to be two key points and one interesting
observation. First, that the Defence spent a long time arguing that the
substantive powers to which the grounds of the JR should apply are not
contained in the Act and will be in the yet-to-be-published final 'Initial
Obligations Code'. A key question for the Judge is the extent to which
the Act determines the important substantive details concerning the
obligations on ISPs and consumers, which would make it possible for the
Judge to decide on whether the Act as it stands with or without the IOC is
in breach of EU law - or whether in fact it is the IOC that will in effect
enact substantive powers.
Second, the judge was very careful in his assessment of the nature of the
"proportionality" test he was being asked to consider, and the extent to
which he was being asked to make a judgement on the policy judgements that
Parliament have made. He seemed to be reluctant to be drawn into a judgement
on the accuracy or wisdom of a public policy assessment.
One interesting point is that many of the arguments that policy wonks
might think are most important, for example concerning how robust the
evidence used to justify the Act is, or the likely benefits of the Act, were
seemingly some of the least important in legal terms.
It is very hard indeed to guess which way the Judge will fall. He listened
carefully to all arguments. The Judge said that he'll take his time to
consider the submissions; we expect (speculation) that this means 6 to 8
weeks from the end of the hearing.
Judicial review of the Digital Economy Act (8.07.2010)
Digital Economy Act 2010 to Face Judicial Review (9.12.2010)
Submission to the Judicial Review of the Digital Economy Act (1.02.2011)
DEA Judicial Review - Day 1 (23.03.2011)
(Contribution by Peter Bradwell - EDRi-member Open Rights Group - UK)
6. German Internet blocking law to be withdrawn
On 5 April 2011, Germany's governing conservative and liberal
parties agreed in a coalition committee meeting that the disputed law on
Internet blocking of child abuse material (Zugangserschwerungsgesetz,
ZugErschwG, "Access Impediment Act") will be dropped.
The law had been enacted by the previous parliament in June 2009, but it had
never been fully implemented after the newly elected coalition decided to
only use the law's provisions for take-down, not those for blocking. After a
one-year "trial period", the new consensus seems to be that the law will be
withdrawn through a new act of the Parliament.
There is speculation that the decision could be part of a wider "package
deal" that might see Germany's data retention revived after the German
Constitutional Court had declared the previous data retention law partly
unconstitutional, but this was denied by speakers for Germany's liberal
party, FDP. German digital rights groups welcomed the decision on the
blocking law, but they will be watching how it is implemented in detail.
Last EDRi-gram article on Germany's Internet blocking law, reporting on
the law's history and a pending constitutional challenge that would be
rendered obsolete if the law is now withdrawn (23.02.2011)
EDRi-gram on the ruling against Germany's data retention law (10.03.2010)
(Contribution by Sebastian Lisken, EDRI member FoeBuD)
7. 80 NGOs ask CoE to investigate government collection of biometrics
An international alliance of organisations, including EDRi and several
EDRi-members, and individuals from 27 countries has lodged a petition
calling on the Council of Europe to start an in-depth survey on the
collection and storage of biometric data by member states.
European governments are increasingly demanding the storage of biometric
data (fingerprints and facial scans) from individuals. These include storage
on contactless "RFID" chips in passports and/or ID cards. Some are going
even further by implementing database storage e.g. France, Lithuania and the
The alliance of more than 80 signatories has asked Secretary General
Thorbjxrn Jagland of the Council of Europe to urgently request the countries
involved to explain under Article 52 ECHR whether their national law on this
subject is in line with the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) and
rulings of the European Court of Human Rights.
In the petition to Strasbourg the alliance states: "It is vital to obtain an
overview of the current 'patchwork' of different national laws that regulate
this sensitive and important subject. An in-depth survey has to be conducted
on whether the human rights guarantees and conditions of necessity
(proportionality, subsidiarity and safety guarantees) set by the Convention
are indeed upheld."
These rights include the protection of human treatment (Article 3 ECHR),
safety (Article 5), a fair trial (the privilege against self-incrimination
and presumption of innocence) (Article 6), physical integrity and family and
private life (Article 8), effective national legal remedies (Article 13),
non-discrimination (Article 14) and the right to leave your country (Article
2 Protocol 4).
"Article 52 clearly designates the Secretary General of the Council of
Europe as the guardian of the fundamental rights placed at risk by this
practice. We would like to emphasize that national biometric registration
legislation (often in combination with other laws) should not 'lead to
destroying democracy on the ground of defending it'", the alliance warns.
"In a democratic society the collection of the biometrics of an entire
population is a disproportionate and for other reasons unnecessary
interference with the right to privacy and other rights like the presumption
of innocence, protected by the Convention. Because of these concerns the
United Kingdom Government recently abandoned the policy of collecting
fingerprints of citizens. Yet most countries are keen to fingerprint groups
and populations of people who have committed no crime, thus increasing the
chances of identity fraud", says Simon Davies of Privacy International,
which co-ordinated the online petition initiative.
The signatories include, amongst others, digital, civil and human rights
defenders, media, legal and medical organisations, academia, politicians and
personal victims without a passport because of objections involving the
biometric storage.
The press release in other languages: Dutch, French, German, Spanish,
Lithuanian and Slovak - for immediate publication (see bottom of the page)
Text of petition (with the list of signatories) (31.03.2011)
EDRi-gram: Final call for petition on government use of citizens' biometrics
Highlights of the petition (6.03.2011)
(Thanks to Robin Caron from the Alliance)
8. RFID Privacy Impact Assessment Framework formally adopted
The Privacy Impact Assessment Framework for RFID applications (RFID PIA) was
officially signed by European Commission Vice President Neelie Kroes,
representatives of the RFID industry, the chairman of the Article 29 Working
Party, Jacob Kohnstamm, and the Executive Director of the European Network
and Information Security Agency (ENISA), Udo Helmbrecht. The ceremony took
place today, 6 April 2011, in the European Commission's Berlaymont building
in Brussels.
In its 2009 recommendation on the implementation of privacy and data
protection principles in RFID applications, the European Commission
suggested that the RFID industry should develop a framework for RFID privacy
and data protection impact assessments. In the months following this
recommendation a first draft PIA framework was developed by an informal
working group of industry representatives to which EDRi and other
stakeholders were also invited to contribute their views.
This first draft RFID PIA framework was submitted for endorsement to the
Article 29 Working Party, which did not endorse the framework but published
on 13 July 2010 in its working paper no. 175 a request for improvements.
Further improvements were suggested by ENISA in July 2010.
In January 2011 a revised PIA Framework was submitted to the Article 29
Working Party, which formally endorsed it by publishing the framework as
an annex to its working paper no.180 on 11.02.2011.
In EDRi's opinion the RFID PIA Framework, that was formally signed today,
properly follows a risk assessment methodology, which addresses the data
protection targets defined in the European data protection legal framework
and provides therefore a sound basis for a meaningful assessment of data
protection risks for RFID applications.
The RFID PIA Framework is an important milestone on the way to the
implementation of privacy friendly RFID applications. Now it is important
that industry quickly but thoroughly implements the PIA in practice.
Today's formal signing ceremony took place before the background of the
German Big Brother Awards, which were presented in Bielefeld only a few days
earlier. One of the unpopular awards was given to the European Fashion Label
Peuterey for violating the data protection rights of their customers by
secretly tagging their fashion products with RFID chips.
The next twelve months will show how the new RFID PIA Framework is
received by industry, as the European Commission is expected to present its
report on the implementation of the RFID recommendation, its effectiveness
and its impact on operators and consumers in May 2012.
EDRi sincerely hopes that today's important milestone will be followed by a
number of serious implementation efforts and that last week's German Big
Brother Award was the last one in Europe that will be awarded to a RFID
Commission Recommendation on the implementation of privacy and
data protection principles in applications supported by radio-frequency
identification (12.05.2009)
EDRi-gram 7.10: EU supports RFID with proper protection of consumers'
privacy (20.05.2009)
Article 29 Working Party: Opinion 5/2010 on the Industry Proposal for a
Privacy and Data Protection Impact Assessment Framework for RFID
ENISA Opinion on the Industry Proposal for a Privacy and Data Protection
Impact Assessment Framework for RFID Applications (31.03.2010)
EDRi-gram 8.15: ENDitorial: Industry RFID PIA: not endorsed in its current
form (28.07.2010)
Article 29 Working Party: Opinion 9/2011 on the revised Industry Proposal
for a Privacy and Data Protection Impact Assessment Framework for RFID
Annex: Privacy and Data Protection Impact Assessment Framework for RFID
(contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
9. Website blocking and suspension discussions in the UK
UK Minister Ed Vaizey is involved in discussions for private blocking
schemes to prevent access to copyright infringing websites. This follows the
delays in implementing the Digital Economy Act. It is believed by the
EDRi-member Open Rights Group and others that music and film lobby groups
are pushing for private measures that would avoid the need for legaislation
and potentially human rights considerations such as due process and freedom
of expression.
Nominet, the .uk registry is also engaging a wide range of bodies to create
procedures for suspension of domains believed to be involved in criminal
activity. Over the last two years, they have been suspending domains on
request from the police, with appeals procedure but no examination of the
legal and human rights implications. The consultation therefore presents a
step forward in creating transparency but also a longer term danger, as
registry suspensions could be abused as a short cut for law enforcement
Silence from the website blocking Working Group (5.04.2011)
Nominet talks about domain suspensions (5.04.2011)
(Contribution by Jim Killock - EDRi-member Open Rights Group - UK)
10. Big Brother Awards Germany 2011
The eleventh German Big Brother Awards were bestowed on Friday 1 April
2011 in Bielefeld, Germany. Organized by EDRi member FoeBuD, the
ceremony featured eight negative awards in various categories.
In the "Communication" category, Facebook was one winner for
"systematically poking its nose into people and their relationships,
behind the friendly fagade of an ostensibly free service". In the awards
speech, Facebook was described as a "gated community" on the Internet,
comparing it, in several aspects, to the closed housing estates found in
an increasing number of places across the world.
Another "Communication" award went to Apple for virtually "blackmailing"
its customers into accepting a dubious privacy policy as part of a terms
and conditions document that, when displayed on the iPhone, takes up 117
pages. Consent to the privacy conditions should be voluntary, according
to Germany's data protection law, but without consent, the iPhone's
functions are reduced to telephony. With consent, Apple and partners
receive excessive amounts of data, including the device's location.
One winner in the "Workplace" category was German car maker Daimler, one
of several employers that demand blood tests from their employees, which,
in most cases, was not required by industrial law - in the words of the
award speech, a form of modern-day vampirism.
Another "Workplace" award went to the German Customs authority, for
promoting a certification named "Authorized Economic Operator" (AEO) to
companies with international business relationships. The certification
involves checking each employee against EU or US anti-terror lists. This
use of personal data has no legal foundation, meaning that German
Customs encourage companies to use their employees' personal data in an
illegal way.
In the "Technology" category, the fashion brand Peuterey was cited for
introducing RFID in clothing, not as theft-prevention attachments but
sewn into jackets under a label saying "do not remove this label".
The "Consumer Protection" award went to a publishing house called
"Knowledge and Information" (Verlag f|r Wissen und Information) that
doesn't actually produce and trade its own books but asks schools to
distribute book coupons which can only be redeemed if names and
addresses of the pupil and at least one parent are supplied. A blogger's
investigation uncovered that the "publisher's"s business model was mainly
a partnership with financial investment advisers and with a manufacturer
of vitamin pills. Those that accepted and used the coupons were offered a
telephone "interview" on the subject of "learning, health, and future".
One award was actually collected by its winner (only the third time that
this has happened in eleven years): Gert Wagner, head of the "census
commission" that promotes this year's German census, defended the
project against the accusation that it collects excessive and dangerous
amounts of data, with too little information and without legal recourse.
Mr Wagner's courage was appreciated, but when he attempted to put down
his critics as "living in a parallel universe" and stressed that the
census was justified by the mere fact that it had proper legal
foundation, it did not win him many friends in the audience.
The winner in the "Politics" category was the Interior Minister in the
state of Lower Saxony, Uwe Sch|nemann, for the first known use of a
police drone for clandestine monitoring of a public gathering during
protests against a nuclear waste transport to Germany's main storage
facility at Gorleben in the Wendland region.
The audience award for the most "impressive, surprising, shocking, or
outrageous" winner went to Facebook, on just over a third of the votes.
Nominations for the next Big Brother Awards are open until the end of
this year.
BigBrotherAwards Germany 2011 (1.04.2011)
(Contribution by Sebastian Lisken - EDRi-member FoeBuD)
11. Privatised online enforcement series:
B. Is "self-regulation" worse than useless?
Much of the policy with regard to "self-regulation" in the context of
illegal online content is developed on the basis that anything that industry
can do to help fight crime is automatically a good thing. The assumption is
that, however distasteful it is that private companies should be regulating
and enforcing the law in the online world, it is better that "somebody" is
doing "something". The reality is, however, very different.
The first area where Internet intermediaries started enforcing the law is in
relation to child abuse images. The European Commission funds "hotlines" to
receive reports of child abuse images and these send reports to law
enforcement authorities and Internet hosting providers and, sometimes,
Internet access providers. Law enforcement authorities are supposed to play
their role in investigation and prosecution, while Internet providers are
supposed to play their role, in diligently and within the rule of law,
removing content that has been shown to be illegal and supporting collection
of evidence by law enforcement authorities.
At a recent meeting of the European Commission "dialogue" on dissemination
of illegal content within the European Union", the Safer Internet Unit of
the Commission gave a different and more worrying analysis. A representative
explained that many EU police forces did not prioritise online child abuse
and even if it was on the priority list in some countries, it was at the
bottom. The proposal was made, therefore, that hotlines should send reports
directly to Internet hosting providers to delete the websites. The fact that
this would facilitate and propagate the alleged inaction of the police
appears not to be a consideration.
This approach is confirmed by the European Commission's guidelines for
co-funded hotlines on notice and takedown (that are, unsurprisingly, not
publicly available), which suggest that agreements should be signed between
the hotlines and the police. These guidelines suggest that "the agreement
should preferably stipulate a deadline for the police to react after which
the hotline would proceed with giving notice". In other words, law
enforcement authorities would be assured that, if they remained wholly
inactive for an agreed period, the evidence of their failure to address
serious crimes would be diligently hidden by the hotlines, in cooperation
with well-meaning "industry self-regulation".
This is, unfortunately, far from the only example. As mentioned above,
hotlines also contact Internet access providers. In some countries, these
take it upon themselves to undertake technically limited "blocking" against
sites identified as being illegal. In Sweden, for example, ISPs "block"
sites and receive an updated list from the police every two weeks. The
pointlessness of this whole process is shown by the fact that, while the
lists are updated every 14 days, the British hotline, the IWF, has produced
statistics showing that the average length of time the sites remain online
is only twelve days. In other words, on average, there are no functioning
sites at all on the "blocking" list one day out of every seven.
Unfortunately, this activity is not just useless, it is worse than useless.
In a speech given to the German Parliament, a Danish police official
explained that, having "blocked" the websites domestically, the police in
that country do not see any point in communicating evidence of serious
crimes against children to the police forces in the United States and
Russia, because they probably wouldn't be interested. It is difficult to
imagine another crime which would be treated in such a trivial way.
Reports from the European Commission are that there will be a major push to
increase the "safer internet" budget, which is currently being reviewed. As
yet, there are no signs that any lessons are being learned regarding the
failures of "self-regulation" under the current programme.
Internet Watch Foundation Annual Report 2010
EDRi-gram: Dialogue on illegal online content (28.06.2010)
Child abuse is difficult to stop on the web (only in Swedish, 29.09.2010)
Danish police statement
Privatised Online Enforcement Series
A. Abandonment of the rule of law (23.03.2011)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
12.ENDitorial: Data retention: Is the EC trying to dig itself out of a hole?
The Data Retention Directive was adopted in 2006 in very controversial
circumstances. Article 15 of the Directive placed a clear obligation on the
European Commission (EC), to submit "no later than 15 September 2010" a
report on the evaluation of the Directive and its impact on economic
operators and consumers". Today is the 203rd day since that evaluation
report was due to be published. This raises the obvious question - why has
the Commission, as "guardian of the treaties" failed to respect its legal
obligation and when will it finally comply?
The main reason for the delay is that some crucial mistakes were made at the
beginning of the review process. Firstly, the Commission failed to recognise
that, under the Charter on Fundamental Rights, the Directive is only legal
if it is both "necessary and genuinely meet(s) objectives of general
interest." Its second mistake was to reach its conclusion ("data retention
is here to stay") before starting the research, thereby limiting its scope
and assuming that the Member States would have answers to its questions
about the assumed value of data retention. The Commission then limited
itself further by not seeking any information from Member States that had
not implemented the Directive. This definitively prevented the Commission
from being able to compare how much essential extra data is stored as a
result of the Directive, thereby making the legislation "necessary".
As a result, when the Commission asked for data in the second quarter of
2010, it received little useable information from the Member States. As a
result, Commissioner Malmstrvm made a personal plea to Member States during
the July 15 Justice and Home Affairs Council, followed by a letter (linked
below) from the Commission to Member States. The letter betrays the
Commission's disregard for the Charter (which each Commissioner swore a
legally binding oath to support) by showing that it is not seeking to
demonstrate "necessity" - "without this information it will be difficult for
the Commission to adequately demonstrate that the Directive is useful". It
further lowered the level of evidence it was requesting by asking for
examples of where data retained under the Directive "played a determining
role", rather than asking for examples of where data that would not
otherwise have been retained played a determining role.
Having created this untenable situation, the Commission managed to dig
itself even deeper during the "Taking on the Data Retention Directive"
conference in December 2010. For reasons that are far from obvious,
Commissioner Malmstrvm made a speech arguing that "data retention is here to
stay", despite the fact that inadequate information had been received from
the Member States (who mostly ignored her personal plea at the July Council
meeting) and despite the fact that her services were still months away from
being able to provide a useable summary of the paltry information that was
provided by the Member States.
So, where are we now? The Home Affairs Directorate General (DG HOME) of the
European Commission submitted a draft evaluation report at the end of
February, resplendent in blank spaces where the Member State information
should have been put, for review by colleagues from the rest of the
Commission. These have now provided their feedback which, by all accounts,
did not lavish praise on the work done so far. When and how the DG HOME will
update the document based on this feedback is not yet clear - what is clear
is the disastrous position their prejudging of the outcome of this process
has created.
The Commission has simply no basis, on the weak evidence presented by the
Member States, to argue that the value added to law enforcement by the
Directive shows that it is "necessary" (and therefore legal). It therefore
cannot move forward with a revision of the Directive. For the same reason,
it cannot opt simply to do nothing. It also cannot refine the Directive by
learning from the experience of Member States, like Germany and Romania,
that have not implemented the Directive, for the simple reason that it did
not request any information from those countries. And, having pandered to
the wishes of certain large Member States by proclaiming that "data
retention is here to stay," even a tactical retreat seems politically
difficult, even if it is legally and practically the only reasonable step
Perhaps the Commission should stop digging and start listening, learning
from the insightful words of a Swedish Liberal MEP on the day that the
Directive was adopted in the European Parliament. "This is a difficult issue
on which to adopt a position. Reflection is required, together with a solid
factual basis in relation to the privacy aspect, the technical consequences
and the actual costs for telecommunications operators and thus consumers."
Data retention Directive
Letter from the Commission to Member States (27.06.2011)
Czech Constitutional Court rejects Data Retention Law (31.03.2011)
EDRi-gram: Romanian Constitutional Court Decision against Data Retention
EDRi-gram: German Federal Constitutional Court Rejects Data Retention Law
Commissioner Malmstrvm's "data retention is here to stay" speech (3.12.2010)
Explanations of vote in the Euopean Parliament on the Data Retention
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
13. Recommended Action
Public consultation on on-line gambling in the Single Market. The final
questions in the Green Paper asks about the value of, and options for,
blocking of gambling websites.
Deadline: 31 July 2011
14. Recommended Reading
Paul de Hert / Rocco Bellanova: Transatlantic Cooperation on Travelers'
Data Processing: From Sorting Countries to Sorting Individuals
(Migration Policy Institute, 2011)
European Data Protection Commissioners insist on the need for a
comprehensive EU approach to data protection (6.04.2011)
EU survey: 72% of Europeans not informed about their fundamental rights  15. Agenda
7-8 April 2011, Amsterdam, Netherlands
European Legal Network Conference "Free Software law for the next ten years"
13-15 April 2011, Berlin, Germany
Re:publica XI: Conference about blogs, social media and the digital society
5-6 May 2011, Milano, Italy
The European Thematic Network on Legal Aspects of Public Sector
Information - public conference
17-18 May 2011, Berlin Germany
European Data Protection Reform & International Data Protection Compliance
30-31 May 2011, Belgrade, Serbia
Pan-European dialogue on Internet governance (EuroDIG)
2-3 June 2011, Krakow, Poland
4th International Conference on Multimedia, Communication, Services and
Security organized by AGH in the scope of and under the auspices of INDECT
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
14-16 June 2011, Washington DC, USA
CFP 2011 - Computers, Freedom & Privacy
"The Future is Now"
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
16. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2012-12-13 00:55:52
@_author: =?koi8-r?B?IvDS0c3B0SDQ0s/EwdbBINrFzczJIWNvYXN0YWw4QHJtZWFzZGFsZS5j?=.=?koi8-r?B?b20+?=@jfet.org 
@_subject: =?koi8-r?B?8NLPxMHNICDV3sHT1M/LINDPxCDEz80gINcgy9LB08nXz80gzcXT1MUs?= 
                 .  !       10%  8 903 193  0623

@_date: 2012-12-14 08:25:10
@_author: =?koi8-r?B?IvDS0c3B0SDQ0s/EwdbBINrFzczJIXJhcmVmeWluZ2UxMUByb3Nzcm9z?=.=?koi8-r?B?ZW50aGFsLmNvbT4=?=@jfet.org 
@_subject: =?koi8-r?B?8NLPxMHNICDV3sHT1M/LINDPxCDEz80gINcgy9LB08nXz80gzcXT1MUs?= 
                 .  !       10%  8 903 193  0623

@_date: 2012-12-14 12:27:45
@_author: =?koi8-r?B?IvDS0c3B0SDQ0s/EwdbBINrFzczJIXBhbGw3MUByb3RoY28uY29tPg==?=@jfet.org 
@_subject: =?koi8-r?B?8NLPxMHNICDV3sHT1M/LINDPxCDEz80gINcgy9LB08nXz80gzcXT1MUs?= 
                 .  !       10%  8 903 193  0623

@_date: 2012-12-14 20:45:54
@_author: =?koi8-r?B?IvDS0c3B0SDQ0s/EwdbBINrFzczJIXRvbnNscDg5NEByZ2Fwci5jb20+?=@jfet.org 
@_subject: =?koi8-r?B?8NLPxMHNICDV3sHT1M/LINDPxCDEz80gINcgy9LB08nXz80gzcXT1MUs?= 
                 .  !       10%  8 903 193  0623

@_date: 2012-12-15 12:40:35
@_author: =?koi8-r?B?IvDS0c3B0SDQ0s/EwdbBINrFzczJIXJvdGF0ZWRnMzNAcmVnaXN0ZXJi?=.=?koi8-r?B?ZWUuY29tPg==?=@jfet.org 
@_subject: =?koi8-r?B?8NLPxMHNICDV3sHT1M/LINDPxCDEz80gINcgy9LB08nXz80gzcXT1MUs?= 
                 .  !       10%  8 903 193  0623

@_date: 2012-12-17 13:39:21
@_author: =?koi8-r?B?IvDS0c3B0SDQ0s/EwdbBINrFzczJIXJlaGVhdGVkc21qN0Byb2VzbGVy?=.=?koi8-r?B?LWdydXBwZS5jb20+?=@jfet.org 
@_subject: =?koi8-r?B?8NLPxMHNICDV3sHT1M/LINDPxCDEz80gINcgy9LB08nXz80gzcXT1MUs?= 
                 .  !       10%  8 903 193  0623

@_date: 2012-12-24 14:24:11
@_author: =?koi8-r?B?IvDS0c3B0SDQ0s/EwdbBINrFzczJIWhpMzk4QHJvYmluc29ucGVhcm1h?=.=?koi8-r?B?bi5jb20+?=@jfet.org 
@_subject: =?koi8-r?B?8NLPxMHNICDV3sHT1M/LINDPxCDEz80gINcgy9LB08nXz80gzcXT1MUs?= 
                 .  !       10%  8 903 193  0623

@_date: 2012-09-05 14:52:06
@_author: jgar the jorrible 
@_subject: The Cadillac Your Livery Driver Has Been Dreaming Of (R-27.01) 
An MSN editorial had some insight:
"...Is that my cell phone buzzing, or the seat?
2013 Cadillac XTS (c) GMCadillac has a good idea here. Instead of annoying
the driver with flashing lights and buzzing sounds from various active
safety systems, it sends all those warnings to his back and rear end. ...
The touch-capacitive dash is another story. See those silver trim pieces
that look like you should touch them? Don't. They're just finger guides. The
actual sensors are above them, which is confusing and frustrating. They're
also slow to respond to repeated inputs, like adjusting the cooled seat or
the fan speed, unless you're deliberate with your pace and timing. Who wants
to think about how you touch a control, especially while driving? Lincoln
already came out with this system and it's no different. It's like tapping a
plastic post and wondering if some magic will happen. You also feel kind of
dumb getting it wrong, which tends to happen when you're paying attention to
the road.
This feature needs to die."
Personally, I'm amazed that any UI designer for car controls would even
think of making hand-eye coordination necessary for ancillary controls.  I
can control my old New Beetle radio and HVAC by touch, with very little
learning.  But my other cars with touch screens, any little bump and the
wrong command gets invoked.  And the voice control?  I could go on and on,
but in a nutshell, not there yet, adds frustration.

@_date: 2013-04-01 18:08:22
@_author: =?koi8-r?B?IvPPwtPU18XOycshIiBwZWRpY3VyZWQ0QHJveWFsLWJhc2tldC5jb20+?=@jfet.org 
@_subject: =?koi8-r?B?8NLPxMHNINXewdPUz8sgINDPIOvJxdfTy8/NINsuIOvB08vBxCDQ0tXE?= 
   30   90   ,  , ,  , , ,  ,   , , ,        8-926--031-7513 

@_date: 2013-02-08 17:10:00
@_author: FC 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Comments on the EU Commissionbs Flawed Cybersecurity Strategy 
Hi all,
Frustrated by the lack of critical reporting on the matter, I put
together a post on the EU Cybersecurity Strategy that was announced
yesterday. Apart from prof. Ross Anderson's, I've read very few
worthwhile analysis of it coming from civil society or academia. So I
thought it would be useful to have your take:
Corrections welcome, especially if you think I'm being overly
PS: Since this is my first post to the list, a few introductory words: I
was a policy analyst (now volunteer) at Paris-based La Quadrature du Net
for three years, and I'm currently writing my PhD thesis on the
Internet's consequence for free speech law and citizen empowerment in EU
    Comments on the EU Commissionbs Flawed Cybersecurity Strategy
On Thursday February 7th 2013, during a press conference, the European
Commission announced a milestone initiative in the field of
bcybersecurityb, publishing two documents:
- A *proposal for a directive
*bconcerning measures to ensure a high common level of network and
information, security across the Unionb (apparently nicknamed the bNIS
directiveb).
- A *communication
*on a bCyberSecurity Strategy of the European Union : An Open, Safe and
Secure Cyberspaceb.
[Reminder : Cybersecurity in the sense used by the Commission is a
buzzword covering issues ranging from the management of computer
security systems in defense and private sector, to "cyberwar",
payment-fraud, zero-day exploits and malicious code, trafficking (among
other things), but also the protection of Internet freedom
internationally (just a few unconvincing words on the matter, but
theybre there, in bold
! And there is
"open internet and online freedoms" in the title of the Commission's
press release !!
If that's not a proof...).]/
Both the press conference of commissioners Kroes, MalmstrC6m and Ashton as well as the documents
released show two things: *the Commission is not taking freedom
seriously in Internet policy*, *and it might be paving the way for the
militarization of cyberspace.
    EC should start by getting the math right
The commissioners started off by presenting very *vague and inflated
statistics about the cost of cybercrime* (several studies
have already made that point clear)**. From copyright to cybersecurity
policy debates, bogus numbers remain, in this case to the benefit of the
security and surveillance industry1
This is classic, lobby-induced, pure *threat inflation* (on that note,
see Brito & Watkinsbs 2011 article
Then, the commissioners moved to the substance of the proposal. Things
were not particularly clear, as the questions of the journalists sitting
in the press room would later reveal. The few reporters in attendance
had interesting questions, but sadly these were largely unrelated to the
actual texts2
They had apparently not been able to read the recent leaks of both texts
by anonymous Brussels sources, released on the Internet last month (as I
write, the documents officially released yesterday still cannot be found
on the EU Commission website).
Going over the 60-plus pages of the proposed directive
and the accompanying communication
it becomes clear that the EU cybersecurity strategy suffers from several
    Towards a centralized network of cybersecurity authorities
The proposed bNetwork and Information Securityb directive aims to set up
a b*NIS network*b of bcybersecurity firemenb, headed by the EU agency
(created in 2004 and based in Athens). ENISA will lead a group of
national counterparts (each Member State shall have its own NIS
authority). For the most part, these already exist and are usually
primarily in charge of *defense and military networks* (see this
by computer security researcher at Cambridge University, Prof. Ross
Anderson, about how the proposal risks centralizing cybersecurity
policy-making within the public sector).
This centralized network of /de facto/ cybersecurity policy-makers will
operate *out of public scrutiny*, with the always-convenient excuse of
handling bconfidential informationb (see recital 17 and 18). Behind the
scene, these public authorities of course risk being *under the harmful
influence of security vendors* and other bprivate sector providersb, who
will help pushing for the kind of fear-mongering displayed at the very
beginning of the conference/./
The new bdata breach disclosureb obligations that made the headlines
Prof. Anderson, points out
    bWhereas security-breach notification laws in the USA require firms
    to report breaches to affected citizens, articles 14 and 15 instead
    require breach notification to the bcompetent authorityb.
    Notification requirements can be changed later by order (14.5-7) and
    the bcompetent authoritiesb only have to tell us if they determine
    itbs in the bpublic interestb (14.4).b
What is more, this NIS network will also be *absorbing a potentially
enormous amount of information* (article 15.2) *from virtually all the
significant players of the Internet* (among the many bmarket operatorsb
concerned, see Annexe IV), which in return will benefit from nice
insurance premiums if they properly follow the recommendations on
security practices and the standards imposed by the NIS authorities
(elaborated how? Following what procedures or criteria? In the same
vein, article 15.3 does not say much about the b*binding instructions*
to market operators and public administrationsb that NIS authorities
will have the power to issue). Meanwhile, the EU Commission is given
broad competency to impose b*standards* and/or technical specifications
relevant to network and information securityb (article 16).
The NIS network will work with Computer Emergency Response Teams (CERTs
are official security experts teams, already exist, but will be beefed
up under the proposed directive) and law enforcement agencies,
especially Europolbs brand-new EC3: the bEuropean Cyber Crime Centerb
(watch this bcoolb video
 to get a
sense of how hype EC3 is)b&
    The strategybs missing players
This all could have been a little different. And better.
For instance, the Commission could have promoted a more *decentralized
governance of cybersecurity*, insisting on *procedural safeguards *on
how cybersecurity policy is made and conducted (at least general but
tangible legal principles). Many peoples in many places today are doing
a great job in ensuring the resiliency of the Internet (in the spirit of
Prof. Zittrainbs enlightening TED talk
Many of them would probably have wanted actual *guarantees for broad
participation in an /open/ policy forum* (guarantees enacted preferably
not just as a nice gesture, but out of conviction that it is how you can
best ensure trust and reliability in cybersecurity policy).
But these contributors to cybersecurity (in academia, in civil liberty
organizations, in hackerspaces, etc.) are mostly kept out of the loop.
And they have reasons to worry. Not only can they righlty question the
competence of the EU executives in caring after the Internet. Actually,
several state actors bincluding in EU and USb are rather promoting
bcyber-/in/securityb (i.e: trade of Zero-Day exploits
attendance in trade fairs on Internet surveillance
etc).They also have to bear
 the risk of
repression because of another proposed directive (directive 2010/0273
 on bcombating
attacks against information systemsb), currently in first reading in the
EU Parliament and which could criminalize
 security
researchers and white-hat hackers.
    Trying to put some bnet freedomsb flavor
The articles of the proposed directive on cybersecurity and the overall
strategy bring *very little protection to the rights of Internet users*,
and none to the decentralized architecture of the network (the text
makes no mention of Net neutrality, for instance). It all comes down to
a few reassuring lines:
- The directive makes a short reference to the EU *privacy* legislation
(recital 23, 37, 39 and article 5). This is a smart move, underlining
that EU is big on privacy (webll see what comes out of the new data
protection regulation b&), and above all
useful to differentiate the proposed EU directive from its infamous US
cousin, the ill-fated Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act
- The cybersecurity communication released alongside the directive makes
mention of the pompous NO DISCONNECT strategy
announced in late 2011 by Neelie Kroes4
and which has yet to achieve anything significant (see below).
- The Commission also announces the upcoming release of*international
guidelines on freedom of expression* boffline and onlineb to assist its
- b& (There might be some other similar bnet freedomsb overtones in there).
Overall, these good words will do very, very little to put into practice
the bDigital Freedom Strategyb report
adopted by the EU Parliament in December 2012, or any of the policy
proposals made by civil society and academia to better protect human
rights online, both in the EU and globally.
    In the meantimeb&
In the meantime, no /ad hoc/ and effective regulation exists for
regulating the use of privacy invasive technologies in network
And Net neutrality is officially
abandonned as an actual regulatory objective by Neelie Kroes.
In the meantime, workshops and consultations are being organized in
Brussels, while free speech NGOS are left suing bcensorwareb vendors
before theb& OECD (??! b& yes, the OECD is not known to be an actual
judicial authority but, at least they have some useful words put on
paper against what these companies appear to have done band still seem
to be doingb in authoritarian regimes around the world. See the RSF
press release
There are also criminal charges brought in France for complicity of
against Amesys (later bought by BULL) for its former cooperation
with Kaddhafibs political police. However, the trial is taking quite a
long time; Amesys has been absorbed by BULL; the French government
public money in BULL; and BULL thrives on defense and private-sector
contracts, in France and abroad6
It is also very hard to have any information on these companiesb
controversial activities, in spite of parliamentary requests to
or whether and how they are being regulated under dual-use export
 controls.
In the meantime, in an interview, the EC3 chief Troels Crting lists
bhacktivism b as a
cybersecurity threat alongside terrorist activities and extremism. This
shows once again that high-ranking officials tend to overlook crucial
policy distinctions in apprehending the bcybercrimeb phenomenon, and in
particular politically-motivated hacking and other forms of online civil
After the Telecoms Package, after HADOPI, after SOPA/PIPA, after CISPA,
after ACTA, after the WCIT, our dear democracies still donbt seem to get
it right. And so we are left watching our political system put much
effort and spending lots of time on discussions that in the end deliver
so little. *Repressive proposals keep coming. One after the other.* A
significant bcoreb of policy-makers remains stuck in fear, and keeps
refusing to put the protection of freedoms online onto the legislative
agenda. And so webre left with questions.
Will more citizen pressure on Internet policy-making do the trick? Will
the EU Parliament come to the rescue? Because this proposed NIS
directive could use some serious improvement. A much more open
discussion on cybersecurity policy is urgent.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:
