
@_date: 2001-08-17 04:22:34
@_author: NBCi 
@_subject: Information for NBCi members about www.nbci.com 
You have received this e-mail because our records indicate that you
are a registered user of   The purpose of this e-mail
is to provide you with an update about upcoming changes.
A. In the coming days, the NBCi site will have a new look.  We hope
   you like the updated styling and the increased NBC content.
B. In conjunction with the launch of the new design, the following
   services will be discontinued:
-       NBC TV Clubs
-       The NBCi Stock Portfolio (but please check out the one
        offered on C.  We expect to provide personalization features on the new site.
    However, while we update our system, your current NBCi member
    name and password will not work.  We expect to have the system
    updated in the coming weeks.  If you would like to use the
    personalization features right away, then you can sign up for a
    new member name and password . If you would like to continue
    using your current member name and password, then please try to
    sign in a few weeks after the new design launches.
NOTE:  Your existing member name and password will continue to work        for your e-mail account, even during the transition period.        To access your e-mail account, you may use links on the NBCi        site OR go directly to  and sign in.
D. Please note that your feedback is important and many e-mails are
   reviewed by NBC producers and management; however personal
   responses to e-mails will no longer be provided.  To submit
   feedback about NBC Television shows, please send an e-mail to:
   nbcshows at nbc.com
And here are a few quick reminders from previous e-mails:
1. The e-mail account on NBCi is offered through mail.com, which was
   recently bought by EasyLink.  As such, EasyLink owns the code,
   servers, and support for the e-mail application.  To access your
   e-mail account, you may use links on the NBCi site OR go directly
   to  and sign in.
   If you have specific questions about your e-mail account, contact
   mail.com (a separate company) directly  support at email.com
2. Make sure you have a backup of all data stored on    (such as your web site, shared files, address books, and
   portfolio), as well as on Xoom.com and SNAP.com.
-For a new "sharehouse" account visit:
 -For a new web site account visit:
 -For a new portfolio visit:
 3. The following services are no longer provided (and it is no
   longer possible to recover data stored in any of these services):
-       Sharehouse
-       Clubs
-       Calendar
-       Clipart
-       Sweepstakes
Note:  If you use the NBCi site through one of our ISP distribution
       partners, such as PacBell, Verizon or Prodigy, please contact
       your ISP directly for additional information.
General Disclaimer
Please note that pursuant to our terms of service (which can be
accessed from  NBCi has the right to unilaterally stop
all service and functionality to our web sites; however, we
understand the importance of your information and desire to provide
you with sufficient notice to allow you to act accordingly.  Nothing
contained in this mailing is intended to or shall supercede our
terms of service.  You can view our full terms of service if you
have any questions at:
For risks about NBCi's business, see its Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2000, as well as its other SEC filings.
This email was sent to: cypherpunks at toad.com
