
@_date: 2001-07-03 11:14:35
@_author: urheal4727@Flashmail.com 
@_subject: Joint pain cure with chicken collagen                                                   fkprn 
JOINT HEAL
If you have deteriorating joints of any kind, joint heal will help regenerate that loss.  Joint Heal has chicken collagen in it as well as the famed glucosamine sulfate.  It also has MSM in it along with Chondroitin Sulfate.  One study quoted by chemist Robert Barefoot told of 387 chronic arthritic
patients, half in wheelchairs, who were treated with crushed chicken collagen and gelatin.  ALL
were improved and all were out of their wheelchairs in six weeks. (i'm sure they were not completely c
crippled but used the chairs just to make it easier for them)   These types of stories do not get
publicized as do medications which can not work.  As the medications keep the individual in a
gradual decline, people need to realize how simple the answer really is.   Joint pain decreases
within three days or sooner as regeneration begins.
Joint Heal is 37.95 per bottle, 120 tablets. plus $5.95 shipping and handling.
Call 800-395-7379 to order by credit card.
For more info reply to this e-mail with the words "more info" in the subject line.
Joint Heal is nothing like the normal joint products found in the Health food stores. Joint Heal was
created by an individual whose mother had knotted up hands from arthritis.  He worked years on a formula that finally helped straightened her hands and has been selling it throughout the world for
4 years.  That product is Joint Heal.  Glucosamine sulfate alone can do only a fraction of what the combination found in Joint Heal can do.  Below is the unmatched combination of ingredients found
in Joint Heal.
Vitamin C  100mg, MSM (Methyl-Sulfonyl-Methane)  750mg, Chicken Collagen 250gm, Chondroitin
Sulfate (from chicken sternal cartilage) Magnesium  200mg, Copper  500mcg, Manganese  5m,
Sodium (as glucosamine sulfate)  60mg, Glucosamine Sulfate 750mg,  Boron  750  mcg.
Health R Us is an independent volunteer advertizing company bringing forth truth in healing.
To subscribe, reply to this e-mail with "subscribe" in the subject line.  We will bring you truths
in healing concerning many types of sicknesses.
To be removed reply to this e-mail with "remove" in the subject line.
For more info reply to this e-mail with the words "more info" in the subject line.
Call 800-395-7379 to order
