
@_date: 1996-06-12 15:17:35
@_author: Ventureweb@aol.com 
@_subject: Venture capital financing/partnering for unique website ideas/entrepreneurs 
Re:	Venture Capital Funding/Venture Partnering For
 	Web Site Developers/Entrepreneurs
 Hello;
 	My firm, DataMerge, Inc.  is currently developing a program to
provide financial backing and strategic assistance for commercially
viable website development. It is my job to locate individuals with ideas
and/or plans for creating high profile,  niche market websites that, with
our assistance,  can be profitably brought to maket.
based sites which are targeted to meet the needs of a specific market,
industry or user group.  While we are interested in creative services
offered through the internet to a targeted group, we are not interested in
backing companies for expanding into run-of-the-mill areas such as ISP,
contract web-site design, or outsourced graphic design.
three).  Don't be discouraged if you don't have a lot of business
experience. What we look for more than anything else is creativity and
"entrepreneurial spirit." We find some of the best ideas come from
college, and even high school students.
*	Strategic, marketing and business planning assistance
*	Financial support during development
*	Marketing/promotional assistance (capital, coordination and 	
*	Long term royalty stream from site
*	Further site development and maintenance contracts
 	DataMerge is currently the largest provider of  niche market
financing information and financing software applications to US
businesses, intermediaries and  finance professionals. DataMerge has a
user base of  21,000 individuals, and a newsletter subscriber base of
 Financial Times, Entrepreneur, Success, Denver Post, and LA Times to
 name a few.
(Spencer Kluesner, CEO, DataMerge, Inc.) at VentureWeb at aol.com.
Please provide a brief (one page or less) description of the website you
propose to develop.
DataMerge, Inc.
Website Development Dept
1720 S. Bellaire Suite 310
Denver, CO 80222
