
@_date: 2004-09-10 11:40:08
@_author: Victor Duchovni 
@_subject: Perplexing proof 
So at least now we have a named source, even one who works on generalized
zeta functions. The out of the blue "prime spectrometer" claim is still
rather puzzling... Does anyone know why Du Sautoy is making this claim
(if it is indeed reported correctly).

@_date: 2006-05-29 12:03:05
@_author: Victor Duchovni 
@_subject: Status of opportunistic encryption 
It only guards against *passive* eavesdropping. Active attacks can
forge DNS MX records, inject BGP routes, ... Actual MITM resistant
peer authentication with SMTP+TLS is extremely rare. I know it happens
sometimes because I have it running for a small number of destinations,
otherwise I would suspect that nobody is doing it.
    Once the new 2.3 TLS code is folded into the production Postfix 2.3
snapshots (at which point the new documentation will be published), see
          It is regrettably the case, that TLS secure-channels (fully authenticated
  and immune to man-in-the-middle attacks) impose constraints on the sending
  and receiving sites that preclude ubiquitous deployment. One needs to
  manually configure this type of security for each destination domain,
  and in many cases implement non-default TLS policy table entries for
  additional domains hosted at a common secured destination. With Postfix
  2.3, we make secure-channel configurations substantially easier to
  configure, but they will never be the norm. For the generic domain with
  which you have made no specific security arrangements, this security
  level is not a good fit.
  Historical note: while the documentation of these issues and many of
  the related features are new with Postfix 2.3, the issue was well
  understood before Postfix 1.0, when Lutz Jaenicke was designing
  the first unofficial Postfix TLS patch. See, his original post
   and the first
  response  The
  problem is not even unique to SMTP or even TLS, similar issues exist
  for secure connections via aliases for HTTPS and Kerberos. SMTP merely
  uses indirect naming (via MX records) more frequently.
I should also note that once one abandons the (still) unrealistic
assumption of a secure DNS, it is not just SMTP + TLS that runs into
For example, many Kerberos client libraries do a forward lookup (to
alias- expand CNAMEs) and some perversely a reverse lookup (often the
owner of the IP address is the worst source of the machine's name), and
then give you a mutually authenticated channel to whatever principal
they construct from now rather questionable data. This carries over
to SASL GSSAPI, where GSSAPI abstraction makes working around this
(in practice nobody tries even with native Kerberos) even harder.
Consequently, also SSH with GSS KEX, is not MITM resistant when the
attacker can tamper with DNS responses.
Ultimately, to close similar security issues in many other protocols,
we need a secure DNS, but I am somewhat pessimistic about the likelihood
of this happening soon.
 /"\ ASCII RIBBON                  NOTICE: If received in error,
 \ / CAMPAIGN     Victor Duchovni  please destroy and notify
  X AGAINST       IT Security,     sender. Sender does not waive
 / \ HTML MAIL    Morgan Stanley   confidentiality or privilege,
                                   and use is prohibited.

@_date: 2006-05-30 21:45:19
@_author: Victor Duchovni 
@_subject: Status of opportunistic encryption 
Active attacks at the network layer are relatively rare, but definitely
not non-existent. Spammers occasionally hijack BGP prefixes, send some
spam and move on. They can also hijack nameserver IPs, MX host IPs, but
for now they prefer sending over receiving. This will likely change,
the playbook of organized crime on the net has been expanding steadily
when money overtook teen-age dare-do as the most common motivation for
active attacks in ~2002.
They keep moving around, some ISPs turn a blind eye in return
for the revenue stream.
No, that's the whole point. What works for the individual administering 10
machines, does not scale to organizations with hundres of administrators
managing tens of thousands of machines. With KEX you trust Kerberos,
not your key store. The problem is that one also ends up trusting, DNS
or NIS or LDAP, ...
Quite the converse, the PKI keys are too durable. (Segue to Wheeler &
Wheeler) the Kerberos online verification model is actually superior,
but in practice the implementation runs into issues with insecure
nameservices. We need a more secure stack.
Yes, but the scammers are getting into more markets, first spam and
advance fee scams, then phishing, now pump and dump scams, they are
evolving fast. We are largely standing still.
Workable DNS-SEC exists, what lacks now is the will and political muscle
to make it happen. Signing is done on update, not on read.
The real question is not how to do DNS-SEC, but how soon, and then how to
leverage it in real protocols. Will there be a reasonably comprehensive
set of Internet integrated services that work *together* "securely" in
a reasonable fashion, or are we still building the tower of Babel (now
in software). A more trustworthy DNS would IMHO be a good foundation.
 /"\ ASCII RIBBON                  NOTICE: If received in error,
 \ / CAMPAIGN     Victor Duchovni  please destroy and notify
  X AGAINST       IT Security,     sender. Sender does not waive
 / \ HTML MAIL    Morgan Stanley   confidentiality or privilege,
                                   and use is prohibited.
