
@_date: 1995-10-12 14:39:20
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla Cypherpunks Meeting 
ANGUILLA CYPHERPUNKS MEETING
The meeting will be held at my house, Sunday Oct 29.  My address is "Old
Ta".  Really, we have only a couple named streets in this country and no
street signs or addresses.  My area is called "Old Ta" because the Old
Water Tower was near me. :-) If you don't know where I live you are
probably off-island, and I can just pick you up at the airport.  You are
welcome to stay the week around the meeting (like Oct 25 to Nov 1 or some
such). Anguilla is a fantastic little country in the Caribbean with wonderful
beaches and no taxes.  I have been living here for almost a year now and
just love it.  Right now American Airlines has some specials on that make
flying to Anguilla a bit cheaper than normal.  For example:    New York to Anguilla $365.95 rt
   San Jose to Anguilla $574.95 rt
For these prices the tickets must be purchase by Oct 16th. Please let me know if you are coming so I will be sure to have enough
space.  If we get too many people we may need some airmattresses or
something.  It is warm here, so sleeping bags are not needed. If while you are outside the USA you want to write some software that uses
encryption and sell it worldwide, let me know.  I could put you up while
you wrote it and my company could sell it for share of the selling price. Let me know what you are thinking of and how long you think it would take.    --  Vince

@_date: 1995-10-12 14:39:22
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: NYT on Internet Flaws 
The NYT claim was about as sensible as saying MS-DOS is the structure of
the Internet and is not safe, so the Internet is not safe.  We could as
well have viruses spreading on floppies for MS-DOS (there are far more
people on the Internet using MS-DOS than NFS) that cause your MS-DOS
Netscape to send the unencrypted credit card numbers off to a certain
anonymous email address.  Now watch, someone will try this.  Oh well.  It
really has nothing to do with the Internet or Netscape. I hope Markoff gets this: The fact that Internet communication is not
inherently secure does not mean that it can not be made secure.  Note that
an insecure phone-line can be made secure by using a phone with a
scrambler.  The same can be done on the Internet and is being done - by
companies like Netscape.  By far the biggest obstacle to a secure Internet is the governments ITAR
regulations.  This has made it impractical to put real security into NFS,
FTP, Unix, and WWW.  Many of our current security problems are really due
to "the basic structure of ITAR" but none are due to the "basic structure
of the Internet". It sort of pains me to see this kind of hype, but it will probably push
companies to get real security faster.  So in the long run it may not be
such a bad thing.  Also, it may be easier to pressure the government to
get rid of the ITAR restrictions.  And they say any publicity is good
publicity, so it probably will not really hurt the Internet at all.    --  Vince

@_date: 1995-10-13 08:22:48
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla Cypherpunks Meeting 
Yes, I am still a US citizen, so far. The corporation I work for is a legal entity of Anguilla.  I would not
personally be selling it, the corporation would.  Do you think that is ok? What if I had a couple Anguillian friends form a corporation for this
purpose (buying encryption software written in Anguilla and selling it
internationally)?  No trouble yet, right?  What if the people who come and
write it are US citizens?  I don't see how US law can cover corporations in other countries.
PS - it is good to CC me (as you did) as I only get cypherpunks-lite, and
so may not see a message, or it may be delayed.   --  Vince

@_date: 1995-09-19 12:50:49
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Caribbean Internet Services? (yes!) 
We are not so bad off down here.  Anguilla took a direct hit from Luis. Some of us have had to move computers into town for a week or two, but
that is really it.  Also, it has meant a couple weeks where we did not get
as much done, but not months of setback.  There is power and phone in
town, cell phones work (give me a ring at (809) 497-7255), generators are
not that expensive (like $600 for 5 kw). The utility polls have almost all been straightened or replaced already (2
weeks).  The high-tension lines have already been strung to many places
(like near my house).  Anguilla should be rewired within another 6 weeks
(we had the HMS South Hampton here for the last 2 weeks and now have 100
Royal Engineers helping out). Nobody was killed here.  We all have our own cisterns so we have water,
just bucket powered.  The places that were hit hard were poor areas that
some of the islands have, and people on boats.  Also, some other islands
will have water problems (not Anguilla).
   --  Vince Cate
       From Anguilla - A tax-haven in the Caribbean
                  (or as they like to say, a "Zero tax jurisdiction")

@_date: 1995-09-21 15:22:52
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: real randomness for netscape - user clicking mouse 
Jeff Weinstein  Why not just do something similar to what PGP does?  For netscape you could have a user make circling motions with the mouse
and clicking at random times.  For each click of the mouse you could get a
few bits of randomness from the time, the X position, and the Y position. You could get random bits really fast this way. You only need to do this the first time a user uses encryption, or you
might just go ahead and force all users to do this as part of starting up
netscape the first time. On subsequent times you use your encryption
algorithm to make your next seed. To be safe you could make up two seeds, encrypt each of them to mix them up a bit, and then XOR the results together.  A random bit XORed with a non-random bit still produces a random bit.  Actually there is probably a better way to just
encrypt each input whole (padding to block size) and XORing as you go along -
that way you would get whatever randomness was there to be had.  Anyway, do something so you have as many or more bits of randomness in your seed as there are bits in your key or it will still be a weak link in your security chain.
You could even get the randomness during regular mouse use.  Unless the first thing
a user did was try to use encryption I am sure you would have enough by the
time he did use encryption (keep track).
You must get the random bits from something that nobody else could watch. Network packets, process IDs, date, time, etc are not secure.  On the
other hand, an attacker would have to have broken the machine to get the
mouse info used above, in which case netscape would have no security no
matter what.    --  Vince
PS  I want a free netscape server site license if you use this idea!  :-)

@_date: 1995-09-26 12:42:27
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: real randomness for netscape - user clicking mouse 
While it is true that on some versions of X you can watch mouse events on
other peoples computers, it is also true that on some versions you can
watch keyboard input.  At CMU Bennet Yee wrote a program to get peoples
passwords as they typed them in using X's poor/non-existent security back
then.  This was before xauth. I still think that the low bits of the mouses X and Y positions as the
user moves the mouse around the screen are a very good source of random
bits for Netscape.
   --  Vince

@_date: 1996-04-27 11:57:31
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Click here to become an International Arms Trafficker 
"Click here to become an International Arms Trafficker"
Offshore Information Services Ltd. has set up a web page to make it really
easy for people to become International Arms Traffickers.  All they have to
do is fill in their name and email address and then click.  Check out:
   If you think this is half as funny as I do, please make a link from
one of your pages to this one.
  -- Vince

@_date: 1996-08-11 14:20:52
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Rumors of death of Anguilla Data are greatly exagerated. 
This is a fraud by taxbomber.  He is totally involved with selling fake
passports.  He calls them "camouflage passports" and they have names like
"British Honduras" of countries that no longer exist, or never did.  He
does not think they are "fake", but the rest of the world does.  He also
suggested opening up bank accounts with these fake passports (encouraging
My lawyer called me up and told me that fake passports are illegal in
Anguilla and that I should pull this guy immediately.  I did. It is our
policy to not permit anything on our servers that is illegal in Anguilla. My lawyer is where I get the definition of "illegal in Anguilla". Yes, taxbomber was using Offshore Information Services.
As a practical matter, taxbomber would have been better off to not state
what country his web site was currently in, let alone who the provider
was.  This reporter seems not to even use email, and I doubt he would know
how to locate a sites provider. I am not closing up at all.  Anything that is legal in Anguilla can be
done from my servers.  If not, then not.  Note that there are no taxes
here, and there are still many things a guy can do here that are not
permitted in other places.  However, fake passports turns out not to be
one of them. Actually, at the moment  is off in Europe
someplace.  The US provider has been slow to come up with an IP address.    --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-11 15:05:07
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla / taxbomber  - legality 
I meant to quote this part in the previous post:
He was definately selling fake passports.   He thinks of them as
camouflage.  If I look up fake in websters, they fit the definition.
Turns out this is not legal in Anguilla.
If it is no longer in his web page, you can see quotes from his web
page in the David Evans article.
The Internet spans many counties and if something is not legal in one
country but legal in another, someone can move.   He has moved.
One of the exciting things about the Internet.  If there are taxes in your country and banks cooperate with the
government, you can incorporate in Anguilla, put your web site here, and
run your business from here (coming in over the Internet) tax free. But fraud is illegal in Anguilla, and fake passports are concidered
   -- Vince

@_date: 1996-08-12 03:31:51
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Rumors of death of Anguilla Data are greatly exagerated. 
Sure.  There are things to figure out, lessons to learn, ...
The fraud I meant was his saying that he is not selling fake passports in
his "fee sorry for me I got cut off" post.  He was selling fake passports. Remember regulatory arbitrage.  The more jurisdictions on the Intenet,
the better for users.  That some things are not permitted in Anguilla
does not mean it is not a viable jurisdiction for some other things.
For example, tax free corporations, IPOs over the Internet, gambling
(Anguilla should have bingo on the Internet by the end of next month).
After my lawyer called I disabled the web access.  I believe this is a big
part of his business, and it really just makes more sense for him to use
another provider than to remove it.
Will do.  More than just leggality, what I consider acceptable.
This will show up as  Not acceptable.  This is not the market I am after.  I don't see the
profit in it.  I may not have your idea of a data haven.  But there are things, like no-taxes, where Anugilla has stood up to the US pressure for years.
If the laws of a country say it is fraud to open a bank account with a fake passport, then encouraging someone to do so is encouraging
fraud.  Check with your lawyer and see if you can open up a bank
account with a fake passport.  If I were making the laws I would
permit numbered accounts etc, so there was no interest in fake passports
for bank accounts.
One use of fake ID is to open up loans or credit cards under fake names, get some money, and then toss the fake ID and never pay, and never be found.
You would agree that is fraud?
Regulatory arbitrage is a fun thing.  If you want to do something that
is not OK in Anguilla, but is in the US, then you should do it in the US.
    --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-12 05:14:31
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Rumors of death of Anguilla Data are greatly exagerated. 
Perry E. Metzger This is a very good libertarian point.  And Anguilla is first and foremost a taxhaven.  But it tries hard to be a
very clean taxhaven (does not want drug money etc).  I think that "clean"
corporations operating here tax free is a potentially huge market. Anguilla and OIS are not the data haven of cypherpunks wet dreams. Neither
Anguilla nor I want "hit men for hire" advertising here. Sorry Tim.  And I
think the loss in clean business would outweigh any money from such by a
long shot. The concept of a datahaven is still evolving.  There are things that we
can and will do from Anguilla.  So while Anguilla may not really far along
the cypherpunk datahaven scale at this point, I would not go so far as to
say it is not a datahaven. One simple example is that OIS was given a project Gutenberg CD-ROM and
may sell online copies of old books.  Some countries are extending
copyrights back further into the past.  Anguilla is not.  So we could sell
books that have expired copyrights in Anguilla but not expired in USA etc. Think regulatory arbitrage.  Taxhavens are a huge and well understood market.  Datahavens are still
new. Not counting gambling, they may only be $0/year rounded to the
nearest million.    --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-13 01:27:28
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Rumors of death of Anguilla Data are greatly exagerated. 
Interesting. First, common law only applies if there is no specific law against it. In
some countries there are specific laws.  Is your lawyer sure there is no
specific law against this in the USA? Second, maybe they are lending to you.  Or maybe you are laundering money.
This also depends on the bank forms.  If they ask you to list any other
aliases you use, or your social security number, etc, you probably need to
lie to fill out the form. Think your lawyer would be willing to give his name and a statement on
this?  If a cypherpunk ever got in trouble and could say, "I was told by
the lawyer XYZZY this was legal", it might help.  :-)
  --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-14 02:28:04
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Rumors of death of Anguilla Data are greatly exaggerated 
Greg Kucharo It is not that any banks have something on some politician or anything
sneeky like you suggest. It is just that in a taxhaven, the government and the country are making
good money from the industry.  For example in Anguilla there might be
3,000 companies with the government averaging maybe $300 each per year, or
$1 mil/year (not sure of the real numbers). Also, the lawyers,
accountants, bankers, etc all make up a sizable part of the economy.  If
the Anguilla government ever make someone give information to the IRS it
would destroy this industry.  This would be bad for both the governments
revenue and the voters income, and so it is very doubtful they ever would. Also, the British want Anguilla to be a taxhaven.  They realize it is
a good way for a small country to make money.  They currently send
money to Anguilla every year, and if Anguilla can make plenty of money
from the taxhaven industry they won't need to.  So the British are
actually helping in a number of ways to get Anguilla established as a taxhaven.
  --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-14 03:55:40
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla story... 
In a nut shell, taxbomber.com was on my system in Anguilla.  He was
selling "camoflauge passports".  One David Evans of Bloomberg Business
News wrote an article where he quoted taxbombers page saying something
like "it is illegal to use these passports to open up bank accounts, but
there is little chance of getting caught". I got a call from my lawyer who
had seen the article (along with just about everyone else in Anguilla) and
he told me that was illegal in Anguilla and I should cancle the account. I did and taxbomber moved to another provider in another country. 1) A number of cypherpunks are dissapointed that I did not fight to my
death to defend this guy. 2) If the guy did not mention where his site was, the reporter probably
would never have mentioned Anguilla and me in the article.
3) If something is illegal in one country and legal in another, the guy
can move.  Going after the provider in one country will not stop him.
4) Anguilla is a taxhaven.  Anything that gives the country a bad name
hurts the clean business, where most of the money is.    --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-14 10:21:01
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla / taxbomber - legality 
They may not be illegal in the USA (yet?) but my lawyer says they
are illegal in Anguilla.  This is a different country.  We do have
our own laws.   --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-14 13:05:28
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: More on "Fraud" and Anguilla 
Again, what I said was my lawyer called and said it was illegal to sell
fake passports in Anguilla.  The fraud was taxbomber saying he never sold
fake passports in his post to the net of "feel sorry for me my ISP made me
relocate even though I never sold fake passports". My lawyer, probably the top lawyer in the country, said it is illegal in
Anguilla. I don't have a copy of that law. Not clear if it is defined as fraud by the law. This is part of it.  If nobody knew where he was things might have
continued as they were.  I mention it as a lesson learned.
We did not have any contract.  I have since posted a page with the policy. Fair point.
Well, multi-level marketing does not need to be pyramid scheme, but you are right that it could be bad news.  So I have taken off that
encouragement from my web page.  Thanks.
  --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-14 13:05:36
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla story... 
Your not dissapointed?
Ok.  I now have a link from my main page to a page with my policy.
What I said (or meant to) was that MY LAWYER SAID IT WAS ILLEGAL IN ANGUILLA.  In my first post I quoted the wrong part and said "this is fraud by
taxbomber - he did sell fake passports".  I meant to quote a part
where he said something like "I never sold fake passports".
It may be covered in the anti-fraud sections of the laws.
He got a little warning, then only web access was cut off.  And I forwarded
his email and was the nameserver for his domain name so that he could move
right away to another site.  Then he sent a message to the Internic to
move the management of his domain to another site.  Not saying that is fraud.  The most I said was encouraging fraud.  It
has been pointed out that under common law using another name is not fraud.  However, under certain countries laws using a fake passport
to open a bank account may be defined as fraud.
It is both a lesson to be learned, and part of the overall situation.
Sure.  And you can run your offshore services as you wish.  I like mine
better.  :-)
If selling fake passports is illegal in Anguilla, and the US has freedom
of speech, they are not comparable.   --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-14 22:09:56
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Passports - "fake" vs "counterfeit" 
Websters defines fake with "to treat so as to falsify", "pretend",
"simulate", "imitation", "impostor", "sham", "faud", and "counterfeit". The passports fit most of these definitions.  A word applies if any of the
definitions work. If the passports had been marked "US of A" they would have been
"counterfeit". I did not say they were counterfeit (he clearly would not
be permitted to sell counterfeit passports).  So his passports are not "counterfeit", but they are "fake".    --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-14 23:00:22
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla - commercial and mailbombing policies 
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM That question was about commercial ads, and I said "As long as I am not
mailbombed I don't care about how you post.".  I did *not* say I would
pull the plug (full exchange below).  From your other questions it looked
like there was no chance of you being a customer so I did not fully
explain. I have been mailbombed around a dozen times in the last year and never cut
anyone off.  Details below (I too have the exact quote)... First, yes, that 100 groups is off the wall.
What I meant was you can send out commercial ads and I don't care at all. If you get mailbombed, that is another issue.  If mailbombed then it goes toward your traffic.  You get 100 MB/month of
traffic with a domain name, and if you go over that amount of traffic the
cost is $1/MB.  If you have prepaid by check, and I don't know who you
are, and your account goes below $0, I would cut you off till more money
came in. Sorry for not explaining that.
 --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-14 23:08:00
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla - legal action or lack thereof 
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM There were activity from the authorities.  They had copies of the article
and were very concerned about it and calling around asking people who knew
me about this.  They have not started any legal action about this. However, my work permit is up for renewal.  They would not ever have to
take legal action to shut me down, just decide not to renew my work
permit, and I would have to leave the island. My lawyer says it is illegal to sell fake passports in Anguilla. So
defending this guy could easily have been a fight to my death as an
Anguilla ISP.  Not defending him means he relocates to another ISP. This
is the Internet guys, relocating a domain is not such a big deal. Taxbomber is using it as a reason for publicity, but he lost no email and
his web pages were not down long.  Remember regulatory arbitrage.  If one
country does not want something, there are other countries. I am going to apply for a 3 year work permit next time (they only gave out
1 year ones till very recently - since I applied).  Assuming I get this,
I will be in a somewhat more secure position.
   --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-14 23:48:40
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla - A DataHaven? 
1)  Anguilla has secrecy laws.  Professional relationships are confidential.
    There are strong secrecy laws.  I have not given out taxbomber's
    name, nor will I as I could face legal action if I did.
2)  Anguilla has no sales or income taxes.  A business does not need to
    report anything about income, sales, etc, to the government (or anyone
    else).  If a guy wants to sell his data and keep 100% of the profits
    instead of 50% or 60%, then Anguilla would be a haven for him.
3)  We don't have the same laws as other countries, so there are things
    that can be done here.  For example, we can export encryption     software.  Also, we will have bingo.com in Anguilla.
There are deficiencies from a cypherpunk or Libertarian point of view. And
these are interesting.  And exactly what I want to do is changing. As I
said, Anguilla is not the datahaven of cypherpunks wet dreams.  I am sure
there are no datahavens that match the cypherpunk concept of an ideal
datahaven, yet. But I think the term DataHaven applies as well to Anguilla as any other
place I know of.  Tim, we would all be very happy if you were to locate a country that could
be the site of the ideal datahaven, and finance a couple cypherpunks to
setup there.  It would be a big help to our cause.  Could you do this? In the mean time, people may have to exist in cyberspace (like
 without having a totally secure physical location. This is not the end of the world, or really even that painful.  If done
right you could be down for only an hour - just long enough for
nameservers to change.  Taxbomber is now setup to do it very fast next
time, if the need ever comes.  Tim, I think you have even advocated this
approach, not stressing the physical location, just the cyberspace
location.  No?    --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-16 10:45:09
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Floating DataHaven 
William Knowles A floating DataHaven is probably the way to get the ultimate in freedom.  There is someone on Anguilla that bought a used floating oil platform for
$1 million.  It is big enough for 200 people to live on.  It is not here,
so I have not seen it. There is someone else here who says that there are some really old ones
that you can get just for hauling them away. Some countries will not let
owners just sink them. You can get Internet via radio links for reasonable prices.  And via
satellite for almost affordable prices.  When Bill Gates 900 satellites
get up there it should be very affordable.   --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-16 13:05:46
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Floating DataHaven 
In the September 1996 Yahoo! Internet Life, page 11, Spencer Reiss writes of Vince Cate:
   --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-17 06:33:05
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Protecting floating datahavens? 
For those interested in todays piracty I recomment "Outlaws of the Ocean" by G.O.W. Mueller and Freda Adler.  The main types
of ocean outlaws:
     1) Smuggling (freon, dugs "square groupers" - bales of pot, ...)
     2) Immigration (illegal immigration can be very profitable)
     3) Insurance Fraud (tanker sinks, but unknow to the insurance
           company the oil had already been offloaded...)
     4) Violent crime  -  what I think of as piracy
Piracy is not a victimless crime.  Since there are victims, there is
someone to shoot at the pirates.  Makes it a tough business and not as
profitable as, some others. Most piracy occures in "known dangerous
areas".  Other piracy is drug dealers taking very fast boat so they have
an unregistered boat. There were some stories about freighters being attacked in one area, but
once they started all carrying guns, the attacks ended. After reading this my impression was that the odds of car-jacking or
mugging inside the USA were higher than the odds of a cruising boat
getting attacked by pirates. Pirates are going to pick what looks to them like easy targets. A Phalanx
or two on the side of a large boat would not look like an easy target. :-)
In fact, just one semi-automatic mounted on the side would probably
prevent all attacks by pirates.    --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-17 08:01:44
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: ISPs in cyberspace - how? 
Black Unicorn:
I agree.   I think this would be a good focus for cypherpunks to think
about for awhile.  So let me try to start something.
A first step is just having a domain name (foo.com) that you can move to
different virtual hosts.  This is still vulnerable at either the Internic
or at your nameservers.  Could also be a subdomain of some provider (say
foo.c2.org), but then c2.org gets the pressure. So far I don't know of
reporters going after the Internic for allowing a name (like foo.com).  So
this could be safe for awhile.  But it is not totally secure. A better method would be to make our own cypherpunk top level domain (I
think Sameer talked about this some time back).  With this people would
either have to setup their nameserver to use one of the cypherpunk
nameservers or get the IP address from some other method (a web page,
ftpable file, newsgroup, searching AltaVista, or a web page with a cgi
script to do the lookup on a machine).  But with this there would be no
easy way to cut off a name, and the ISP could always relocate if their
physical location were cut off (i.e. the IP address had to change). Then it is just an issue of coordinating this top level domain.  Say a
public key for each new subdomain and updates are done by sending a pgp
signed message to each of the servers.  With this type of design you could
have hundreds or thousands of servers that each were updated
independently.  To shut it down would take shutting down a lot of
nameservers. What do people think?     --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-18 05:22:12
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: US Taxes on X-Pats 
Robert Hettinga It is not exactly that bad if you are outside the USA. I got ahold of the
IRS codes on this before I left the USA (so about 2 years ago).  The rule
then was that the first $70,000 you earned was tax free if you were
outside the USA for 330 days or more of the year.  From another x-pat in
Anguilla I heard that the $70 K had been increased. If you live outside the USA and have a corporation outside the USA, you
might prefer that the corporation buy a company yacht rather than pay you
more than $70 K.  And at least on this tropical island, $70,000 tax free
would go a very long way. It is true that if you are getting dividends and interest on your fortune
that moving outside the USA won't help, unless you get rid of your US citizenship.  And the USA wants you to pay capital gains on your
fortune as if you sold everything for cash right before you got rid of
your US citizenship.  So it seems best to get rid of it before you
are really rich.  :-)
   --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-18 06:21:45
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla 
First I think Tim's summary of my situation is very accurate and fair at this point.
One nit of a detail:
Anguilla does have a constitution.  It would be hard for any bureaucrat to
seriously disrupt an Anguillian's business.  There just are not any
regulations that they can arbitrarily invoke to harras people.  However,
x-pats are here as guests and they have to get a work permit, or visa, or
something from time to time.  So if x-pats do something that wears out
their welcome, they have to leave. Nope, no bribes to government.  However, in doing business here a lot of
people have learned more about the Internet and computers.  And I and
another x-pat have started a weekly computer club.  So there are good
reasons that Anguilla should like having me here. For the record, the only bribe I have paid while I was here was
(indirectly) to someone at the phone company to try to get a phone
installed faster.  It did not help, still took a year to get the phone. Cable and Wireless, and their high prices, is the worst thing about
Anguilla. The current Anguilla government seems to be very clean.
The rumor is that Cable and Wireless bribed the previous government with
things like a free loan of a bulldozer worth $500/day for a couple weeks
to get their 30 year monopoly contract.  Given that CandW is making
millions each year, seems they got off cheap, if true.  Claim is that the
UK does not mind their companies bribing officials, and CandW does it alot
all around the world.   --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-18 19:27:13
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: US Taxes on X-Pats 
I am sure one of the 100+ X-Pats on this island would have been talking
about it if this were going to be eliminated, and I have not heard
anything. So I am sure it is still there.  But you can call 1-800-tax-1040
to check. After they finish with this question, ask them what it means in
the tax code where it says that income taxes are "voluntary complience". Have your Websters open to the definition of voluntary. Always good for a
laugh. The idea was no taxes on the first $70,000 earned outside the USA.
Dividends and interest were not counted as "earned".
Having $70,000 that you can earn tax free will never translate into a
$70,000 break on your taxes (unless they get to 100% tax rate).    --  Vince

@_date: 1996-08-24 22:20:59
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Cypherpunk voting - ITAR or CDA 
Dole says he would fix the ITAR problem, but try to keep something like
CDA. Clinton is keeping ITAR and signed CDA.  But not having the religious
right he might soften on CDA.
The courts seem to be throwing out CDA much faster than ITAR (some fast
track to the supreme court built into the law).  It also seems like ITAR
is the more important thing to fix (it is easier to move pornography etc
out of the US than major software companies). So it seems Dole is the better vote.  Is this important enough to many
cypherpunks to actually determine their vote?
  --  Vince

@_date: 1996-02-09 21:05:27
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: New Internet Privacy Provider - Press Release 
PRESS RELEASE:  2/9/96  Anguilla, Offshore Information Services Ltd.
As a result of recent efforts to censor the Internet in France, Germany,
China, and now the USA, Offshore Information Services Ltd. (OIS)
anticipates a larger market for privacy services over the Internet. OIS is
well suited to provide such service since it is located in Anguilla, a
taxhaven in the Caribbean with strict secrecy laws.  OIS is now entering
this market. OIS makes it easy for users to setup an online identity offshore. Setting
up an offshore email identity can be as easy as changing the POP server
name, user name, and password in their mail program.  Using this new
idendity they can again have free-speech on the Internet.
If users choose, they can login to a machine in Anguilla using ssh so that
their communication over the Internet is encrypted. Users can also maintain web pages offshore almost as easily as if they
were onshore. Anguilla has no restrictions on publications about dead presidents of
France, or information about birth control, etc.
The OIS web page is

@_date: 1996-02-11 14:28:48
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: [NOISY] Re: New Internet Privacy Provider - Press Release 
It is clearly not for everyone.  However, someone running a
business over the net should really think about how much they pay
in taxes to see if forming an offshore corporation and getting an
offshore web-site makes sense. Basically if a net business is paying more in taxes than the extra
costs to operate an offshore corporation it can pay to relocate. The operating costs are the web-site/email $1,200/year and about
$500/year to maintain a corporation (~$1,000 first year).  So even
a small business can justify the move.
   --  Vince

@_date: 1996-02-13 01:59:03
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Lower Prices - Was Re: [NOISY] Re: New Internet Privacy Provider - Press Release 
I have decided to offer a $50/month Unix/Web/POP account that is
good for 50 MB/month of traffic.  After that it is $1/MB of
traffic.  To open the account an initial account balance of $300 is
required (from which monthly and traffic charges will be deducted). See   for more info and to open
an account.
   --  Vince

@_date: 1996-01-04 03:15:52
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Compuserve *hasn't* banned newsgroups 
It seems to me that posting this widely on Compuserve (or at least on
alt.online-service.compuserve) and then contacting CNN and making comments
about how "the Internet interprets censorship as damage and routes around
it" is the best way to handle this.  We want the public to get the idea
that censorship does not work on the Internet. Are you up for this Duncan?  Or do you want to call for volunteer, or
should this get posted anonymously.  :-) Seems better if someone does it
who is willing to talk to reporters, and who is a Compuserve user.  Makes
a better story on TV etc.    --  Vince

@_date: 1996-01-26 15:39:12
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Webcard 
Block Intros Visa Card For Internet Users 01/25/96
KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI, U.S.A., 1996 JAN 25 (NB) -- Block Financial,
an H & R Block (NYSE:HRB), company, has announced a Visa card
created just for Internet and World Wide Web users.
The card is called Webcard. One of its features is the ability to
check your account balance around the clock in real-time via the
Internet. "Cardholders can monitor their current account activity
or review data as far back as 12 months and even check to see if
their payment was received," said G. Cotter Cunningham, vice
president of Block Financial Corp.
The company said it has addressed security concerns about
revealing credit card numbers by designing the online account
review feature so actual account numbers never appear online.
To make the data more useful, Block has set up the Web site so the
account information can be imported directly in many of the popular
word processing, spreadsheet, database, and personal finance
programs, including Quicken.
Webcard is issued by Columbus Bank and Trust Company, an affiliate
of Synovus Financial Corp. The card carries no annual fee. The
company said it will soon launch a direct mail, advertising, and
telemarketing campaign to publicize the card.
Cunningham told Newsbytes the easiest way to apply for a card is to
complete an online application online. Block Financial's home page
on the Web is at  .
Cunningham said two levels of card are available. The Gold card is
the one being promoted. It carries a 12.9 percent interest rate for
the first six months. After that the rate reverts to whatever the
prime rate is, plus 6.9 percent. Currently the prime rate is 8.5
Applicants who don't qualify for the Gold card can still receive a
Classic card, said Cunningham. Initially that card carries a 12.9
percent interest rate for the first six months. After that, you
pay two points more than Gold card holders.
Block said the Webcard is the first in a series of co-branded
financial products slated for introduction this year. Other
services to be offered include online bill payment, which is set
for launch in the next 60 days, and online checking services.
Cunningham said the pricing structure for the bill payment
service hasn't been set yet, but will be competitive.
Block Financial already offers the Compuserve Visa, a credit card
exclusively for Compuserve subscribers. The company said it has
already issued more than 100,000 of the Compuserve cards.
(Jim Mallory/19960124/Press contact: Julie Eisen, Block Financial,

@_date: 1996-02-01 04:12:54
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Netscape encrypted email!! 
I downloaded it and checked it out.  But it was not clear how to use this
secure email - so it may lack something yet in user friendlyness, or I may
have just missed it.  Anyway, it should be much easier to use than PGP. Are we all going to switch to Netscape for email?  Is anyone using this? Want to tell us how?    --  Vince
                     INTRODUCING NETSCAPE NAVIGATOR 2.0

@_date: 1996-02-01 14:35:39
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: FV has 91 day lag between sales and payment 
FV seems to be the only Internet payment mechanism that lets buyers
quickly open an account and use their credit card to cover purchases. Anyone know of any others?  The FV 90 day lag is their main downside in my opinion (though defaulting
to not paying if the customer does not answer email is another problem). So FV does not take any risk at all - and a merchant has to have enough
extra capital to let 3 months worth of sales sit at FV. Some ideas for
ways that they or someone else could improve on this:    1) reduce the 91 days after a merchant had been a merchant for awhile
   2) reduce the 91 days when sales were to long time customers
   3) verify customers with letters/phone calls when opening the
       account and then with digital signature on sales - and give very        short clearing time
    --  Vince
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Your question has been answered by a help operator for FIRST VIRTUAL (TM).
The operator assigned to your question is op106 (Christopher Arndt), That operator, or someone consulted by that operator,
has provided the following answer to your question:
You may communicate further with our operator by replying to this message.
If you are unhappy with the service you get from operator op106,
you may send mail to "helpescalator at fv.com".
Your original question is included at the end of this message.
Thank you for using FIRST VIRTUAL!

@_date: 1996-07-08 15:07:08
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Hurricane Bertha hitting Offshore Information Services 
Hurricane Bertha is almost certainly going to hit Anguilla, where Offshore
Information Services is located.  It will probably be at the strongest
about 9 am Eastern time Monday morning.  This is still not a really big
hurricane, so we will not get anything like the trouble we had with Luis
last year. Still, there is some chance that we will be offline at some time.  If so
please understand why.
I have about 8 hours of battery backup.  If power is out at our location
for longer than that I will relocate the server to another location, as I
did after Luis.  There is little chance that power will go out everywhere
for longer than 8 hours. There is a good chance that we get through this without going down, but I
just wanted to let people know what our status is.  Be patient if sometime
tomorrow you can not get to our site.   --  Vince Cate
      Offshore Information Services, Ltd.
      Anguilla

@_date: 1996-07-10 07:39:30
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Offshore Information Services is Back after Bertha 
Hurricane Bertha hit Anguilla just perfectly to do the most damage. Just
north of the storm the counterclockwise spin and westward movements add
for maximum destructive power, and we were just north of it.  Don't know
of any people or houses that were hurt, but a bunch of power and phone
lines have been damaged. We lost power, ran for about 10 hours on battery, and then shut down. But
about 24 hours later we are back online to stay. We are temporarily located in the Cable and Wireless building in town.
Thanks Cable and Wireless!
And thanks to everyone for your patience,
     Vince Cate
     Offshore Information Services Ltd
     Anguilla, Eastern Caribbean

@_date: 1996-07-11 09:28:52
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Offshore is back in Old Ta 
They restored power to our usual address, "Old Ta", and we have
now moved back there.  So power was only out for 2 days.  Angalec
is doing a great job of restoring power.
Thanks again to Cable and Wireless for letting me setup there till
power was back here.
   --  Vince Cate
       Offshore Information Services

@_date: 1996-07-24 10:50:50
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: NSA Lawyers Believe ITARs Would be Overturned if Tested in Court (fwd) 
My arms trafficker page has been up since April 26th. We have 838 arms
traffickers and a public file with a list of 360 "known arms traffickers". It was mentioned on CNN. So far, nobody from the NSA or anywhere else has
complained. I am sure if this went to court they would loose.  They have to claim that
clicking a mouse button on a web form so that 3 lines of text go back to
where they just came from, makes someone a criminal. "May it please the
court, the charge against these 838 criminal clickers is international
arms-trafficking."  In a country where a double murderer can walk? I am sure they realize this, which is why I feel it is safe for me to do
this (also I believe that EFF etc would so love to have my case as a test
case that they would pay my legal bills).   --  Vince Cate

@_date: 1996-06-02 07:03:32
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Arms Trafficker Page Made CNN! 
The Offshore Information Services Arms Trafficker page made
CNN Computer Connection just moments ago.  :-)
The page:
     is now famous.  :-)
  --  Vince

@_date: 1996-06-04 16:08:26
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Arms Trafficker Page Made CNN! 
They played it again, so I got it on video tape.  They
were talking about the encryption export issue and then showed my page and said:
The arms trafficker page was shown on CNN computer connection  about 3:05 pm Saturday June 1, 1996, and again at 4:05 am June 2.
At some point a full transcript of the show should be on:
  -- Vince

@_date: 1996-03-26 00:16:01
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: CDA Court Challenge: Day #2 (fwd) 
Another point is that the readers decide which moderated groups and
mailing lists they like.  If a moderator is no good people read other
groups. A good question might be "Is it the free market, or a government
commission, or Internet authority, that determines who gets to be a
moderator?" And then maybe, "Could anyone just make a newsgroup or mailing
list and be a moderator?"  And maybe, "In the future when it is easier to
pay for information on the Internet, is it reasonable to expect the amount
of effort that goes into editing and moderating to increase?" The key point that the free market provides editing when needed.  The
several companies that provide browsers that censor things for kids is the
free market "supply" to the "demand" of parents not wanting their kids to
see things. If the government really just must get involved, it could subsidize these
companies or this type of product.  :-)
  -  Vince
     vince at offshore.com.ai
PS  Some of us even go through the trouble to write a check and
    mail it in order to get an edited version of cypherpunks     called cp-lite. :-)

@_date: 1996-05-04 14:48:52
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Known Arms Traffickers 
I have added a checkbox to my arms-trafficker page so that if you
want to be added to a list of "Known Arms Traffickers" you can be.
The URL is:
   The page that says:
  "Click here to become an International Arms Trafficker"
  -- Vince

@_date: 1996-05-05 23:53:31
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Web page for breaking commercial encryption? 
I am looking for a web page that shows how to break the encryption in many
commercial products.  I have seen information on breaking a number of
different products, but I can't find a web page that collects these methods
into one place.  Seems there should be such a page.  Is there such a web
page?  If not, is anyone willing to start one and give me a URL?  :-)
   -- Vince
PS  This is just for a link in my web page, no I did not forget     my lotus notes password or something. :-)

@_date: 1996-05-06 00:49:16
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Web page for breaking commercial encryption? 
So with a bit more time in Alta Vista I found it.  And it is a nice page. Has 12 commercial products and how to break them.  Check out:      --  Vince

@_date: 1996-05-19 23:38:55
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: DataHaven Backup and Offshore Email 
Offshore Information Services announces accounts for datahaven backup
purposes.  For $168/year you can have 10 MB of disk in a datahaven country to
use for backup of important information. Also, we have POP email accounts for $168/year.
For full details of our services check out:
    -- Vince

@_date: 1996-05-20 10:42:33
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: rsa2d.gif - machine readable rsa for printing in magazines etc 
I now have a cute 2 inch wide by 1 inch high graphic that is the 3 line RSA
Perl program in a 2D barcode.  When printed on anything (postcard, magazine,
etc) you have a machine readable encryption program, or to the US government,
a munition!    Now what to do with this?  Anyone want to place an add in a newspaper or
magazine?  How about selling munitions postcards?  Another T-shirt?  Should
be fun for something.    -- Vince

@_date: 1996-05-27 08:47:55
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: 407 Arms Traffickers in first month of training 
In the first month the Arms Trafficker Training Page has helped 407 people to
become Arms Traffickers.  Here are the stats:      International Arms Traffickers           407
     Public List of Known Arms Traffickers    147
     Letters to the president                  83
     Number of times page was read           2498 So about one arms trafficker for every 6 times the page is read (some people
read the page more than once so the real ratio is better).  Kind of fun that
a web page can turn 1 out of 6 people into criminals. Thanks for your support both as arms traffickers and for linking to this
page. It is off to a good start.  For anyone who had missed it, the URL is:      --  Vince Cate

@_date: 1996-09-09 22:26:00
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: TWA 800 - hit by an unarmed US missile? 
A collision with an unarmed missile would explain why they are not finding
much evidence of high explosives (the pitting, ruptured metal, and residue). If a missile going at supersonic speed hit a 747 in the underbelly, near a
fuel tank, I sure believe that it could take out the 747.  If it was
coming toward the 747, not catching up to it from behind, the collision
speed would be the addition of the two speeds.  In this case a soft
civilian airplane would not stand a chance.  Civilian airplanes are
designed to survive collisions with birds, but not supersonic missiles. If the Navy was firing missiles in this area, it really does seem like the
press should be checking out this angle.     --  Vince

@_date: 1997-04-03 07:28:42
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: FC 97 and www.offshore.com.ai online 
I think things have been working fine.  I have been getting
plenty of mail still.
The web site has been up too.
But I have not gotten any email from you. If you can not reach   vince at offshore.com.ai you can also
try  vac at cs.cmu.edu  or vince at c2.org.
    --  Vince

@_date: 1997-02-04 13:41:32
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Press/Digital Wins US Dept of Comm. Approval to Export Encryption Prod. (fwd) 
Digital Equipment Corporation
                                          Maynard, Massachusetts 01754-2571
Editorial contact:
   Patrick Ward
   (508) 493-9441
   patrick.ward at mail.dec.com
           Digital Equipment Corporation Wins US Department of          Commerce Approval to Export Stronger Encryption Products
                 56-bit Data Scrambling Technology
               Safeguards Internet Commerce Worldwide
MAYNARD, Mass., February 3, 1997 -- Digital Equipment Corporation today announced that it has won United States Department of Commerce approval to export 56-bit encryption products worldwide, the strongest yet for protecting Internet commerce worldwide.
     Last week a University of California at Berkeley graduate student used a set of workstations to crack a 40-bit encryption code in 3.5 hours.  "The same workstations would require more than 20 years to break a 56-bit Data Encryption Standard (DES Code), according to Samuel H. Fuller, DIGITAL's vice president and chief      "The Commerce Department's action enables DIGITAL to provide its international customers with complete systems for electronic commerce over the Internet, including the necessary security software," according to DIGITAL's Chairman, Robert B. Palmer. "This makes the Internet more attractive for our customers worldwide, and represents an exciting market opportunity for DIGITAL."
     "We are very pleased with the leadership shown by DIGITAL's top management, including Robert Palmer, in making a long-term commitment to develop, produce and market key recovery products and to take advantage of the Administration's new policy on encryption exports," said Sue E. Eckert, assistant secretary for Export      DIGITAL will immediately export 56-bit encryption for its OpenVMS operating systems and for its RoadAbout/DES Product for wireless LAN computing.  Shipments of the 56-bit export version of AltaVista Tunnel will follow this year.
     "AltaVista Tunnel software can simply and cost-effectively create 'Virtual Private Networks,' allowing customers who are traveling or at remote sites to securely access their company's private network over the public Internet," said Ilene H. Lang, president and chief executive officer of AltaVista Internet Software, and a vice president at DIGITAL. "Now the Virtual Private Networks we offer to customers in the United States can become Global Private Networks as the market expands worldwide."
     The Commerce Department announced on December 30 that American companies could export "strong" or Data Encryption Standard (DES)
encryption products, such as DIGITAL's industry-leading AltaVista Tunnel, if the companies could demonstrate progress in developing key-recovery products over the next two years.  Previously the US government had restricted export of strong encryption for security      Digital Equipment Corporation is a world leader in open client/
server solutions from personal computers to integrated worldwide information systems.  DIGITAL's scalable Alpha and Intel platforms, storage, networking, software and services, together with industry-
focused solutions from business partners, help organizations compete and win in today's global marketplace.
                                Note to Editors:  DIGITAL, the DIGITAL logo and OpenVMS are                   trademarks of Digital Equipment Corporation.
Digital Press and Analysts News is sent as a courtesy to members of the press, analyst and consulting community.  For subscription information please contact pr-news at pa.dec.com.  All Digital press releases, fact sheets and backgrounders are archived on ftp.digital.com in the /pub/Digital/info/pr-news directory.  They are also available at  on the World Wide Web .

@_date: 1997-02-04 14:05:56
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Press/Digital Wins US Dept of Comm. Approval to Export Encryption Prod. (fwd) 
Digital Equipment Corporation
                                          Maynard, Massachusetts 01754-2571
Editorial contact:
   Patrick Ward
   (508) 493-9441
   patrick.ward at mail.dec.com
           Digital Equipment Corporation Wins US Department of          Commerce Approval to Export Stronger Encryption Products
                 56-bit Data Scrambling Technology
               Safeguards Internet Commerce Worldwide
MAYNARD, Mass., February 3, 1997 -- Digital Equipment Corporation today announced that it has won United States Department of Commerce approval to export 56-bit encryption products worldwide, the strongest yet for protecting Internet commerce worldwide.
     Last week a University of California at Berkeley graduate student used a set of workstations to crack a 40-bit encryption code in 3.5 hours.  "The same workstations would require more than 20 years to break a 56-bit Data Encryption Standard (DES Code), according to Samuel H. Fuller, DIGITAL's vice president and chief      "The Commerce Department's action enables DIGITAL to provide its international customers with complete systems for electronic commerce over the Internet, including the necessary security software," according to DIGITAL's Chairman, Robert B. Palmer. "This makes the Internet more attractive for our customers worldwide, and represents an exciting market opportunity for DIGITAL."
     "We are very pleased with the leadership shown by DIGITAL's top management, including Robert Palmer, in making a long-term commitment to develop, produce and market key recovery products and to take advantage of the Administration's new policy on encryption exports," said Sue E. Eckert, assistant secretary for Export      DIGITAL will immediately export 56-bit encryption for its OpenVMS operating systems and for its RoadAbout/DES Product for wireless LAN computing.  Shipments of the 56-bit export version of AltaVista Tunnel will follow this year.
     "AltaVista Tunnel software can simply and cost-effectively create 'Virtual Private Networks,' allowing customers who are traveling or at remote sites to securely access their company's private network over the public Internet," said Ilene H. Lang, president and chief executive officer of AltaVista Internet Software, and a vice president at DIGITAL. "Now the Virtual Private Networks we offer to customers in the United States can become Global Private Networks as the market expands worldwide."
     The Commerce Department announced on December 30 that American companies could export "strong" or Data Encryption Standard (DES)
encryption products, such as DIGITAL's industry-leading AltaVista Tunnel, if the companies could demonstrate progress in developing key-recovery products over the next two years.  Previously the US government had restricted export of strong encryption for security      Digital Equipment Corporation is a world leader in open client/
server solutions from personal computers to integrated worldwide information systems.  DIGITAL's scalable Alpha and Intel platforms, storage, networking, software and services, together with industry-
focused solutions from business partners, help organizations compete and win in today's global marketplace.
                                Note to Editors:  DIGITAL, the DIGITAL logo and OpenVMS are                   trademarks of Digital Equipment Corporation.
Digital Press and Analysts News is sent as a courtesy to members of the press, analyst and consulting community.  For subscription information please contact pr-news at pa.dec.com.  All Digital press releases, fact sheets and backgrounders are archived on ftp.digital.com in the /pub/Digital/info/pr-news directory.  They are also available at  on the World Wide Web .

@_date: 1997-07-31 22:27:36
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: uncensorable net based payment system? 
Adam Back  said:
I could imaging making a currency backed by "megabytes of data transfered"
to and from my server here in Anguilla.  This could be to run a web page,
mailing list, or whatever.
But you are right that it is an asset continually dropping in value, so
it is an odd thing to back a currency with.  Would only want to keep
enough money in it to do what you currently wanted to do, not as a long
term investment.
I could imaging just gradually increasing it so that $0.25 for 1 megabyte
today became $0.25 for 1.1 megabytes in 3 months, or something like that.
Interesting idea...
  --  Vince

@_date: 1997-06-02 09:34:03
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Economist: The disappearing taxpayer 
Cypherpunks views of the future in mainstream media.  Kind of fun. The following is from:
           --  Vince
                                        [The Economist]
                         The disappearing taxpayer
"THE art of taxation", advised Louis XIV's treasurer, Jean-Baptiste
Colbert, "consists in so plucking the goose to obtain the largest amount
of feathers, with the least possible amount of hissing." His observation
remains true, except for one big change. Unlike geese, people in the 17th
century did not know how to fly. Now they can.      In the coming decades electronic commerce -- combined with the growing
ease with which firms can shift their operations from one part of the world
to another -- will make it ever easier for people to flee countries where
taxes are high, or to evade tax altogether by doing their business in
cyberspace. The hole this will leave behind is already worrying many
governments (see ). Some argue that it is "unfair" for others to lure their
firms away by levying lower taxes, and are pushing for the harmonisation of
taxes. Another new idea is to impose a tax on electronic transactions. But
although governments everywhere will have to start thinking -- and soon --
about how to raise taxes in the newly weightless global economy, both
remedies are flawed.
A question of sovereignty . . .
Those who advocate harmonisation say that the alternative is a "race to the
bottom", as governments sacrifice social spending on the altar of
competitiveness. But different countries have different spending needs and
make different judgments about the proportion of income to devote to
transfers and public services. Indeed -- remember "no taxation without
representation" -- such decisions lie at the heart of modern politics. That
is why even in the EU, a relentless prober of the boundaries of national
sovereignty, proposals to harmonise taxes have made little progress so far.
     A recent proposal from a panel of economists to make up for the tax
losses caused by electronic commerce by introducing a "bit tax" on flows of
electronic information is similarly defective. It is hard to see how a
single country or even a group might impose such a tax without simply
forcing on-line transactions offshore. But in so far as it succeeded, such
a tax might just hamper the adoption of information technology, depriving
people and businesses of its great productivity benefits.
     So if neither of these ideas is any good, why not do nothing? It is
true that the full impact of electronic commerce and globalisation on
governments' taxation powers is still some way off. The fact that tax
levels vary from 60% of GDP in Sweden to 32% in America suggests that even
in a globalising economy governments are still able to make distinctive
fiscal choices. However, every so often a big Swedish company -- Ericsson
most recently -- threatens to decamp because egregious income taxes make it
difficult to recruit skilled employees. America's corporate taxes have
withered to insignificance because of the mobility of firms. At present
these are merely straws in the wind, and hardly new ones, but there is no
doubt which way the wind is blowing.
     Some competition between tax regimes may be a good thing, if it
encourages governments to show more discipline in their tax and spending
policies. But one day globalisation and electronic commerce could make a
sizeable dent in a country's total tax revenues. And these forces have
already made a big impact on the way the burden of taxes falls on a
population. This is what rules out the option of inaction.
 . . . and of equity
Not all firms, workers and products are equally mobile. Entrepreneurs,
scientists, tennis players and film stars may be able to uproot themselves
in search of lower taxes, but the average worker is still unlikely to
become a tax refugee. Although this may reassure governments, it implies
that governments will eventually have to cut taxes on the most mobile
factors of production, notably skilled workers, while taxes on less mobile
unskilled workers will have to rise. Over the past decade or so taxes on
capital have already fallen sharply while those on labour have risen. In
future it will be harder to tax firms or high-earners at high rates because
they are the most mobile. The implication is that unskilled labour will
have to bear a greater burden.
     If they are to mitigate this change while maintaining their tax
revenues, governments need to speed up tax reforms that are needed anyway
to improve economic efficiency. In most countries at present, exemptions
and loopholes distort the allocation of resources. Broadening the tax base
by scrapping exemptions such as mortgage interest relief and zero rates of
VAT on certain goods and services would allow a much lower rate of tax and
therefore reduce the incentive for both tax evasion and migration. Less
complex reporting requirements would reduce another incentive to hide from
the taxman.
     A second needed change is to shift the tax base from income towards
consumption and property, which is both immobile and hard to hide. Even
consumption is becoming more mobile. But a consumption tax would both
remove the present disincentive to save and help to collect taxes from tax
dodgers (even those whose income comes from invisible Internet sales have
to spend it). Having changed so much else in the world economy,
globalisation and information technology will inevitably undermine the way
governments raise taxes. Reforming the tax system to plug the hole is going
to be hard. Not reforming it would be even worse.
  The Economist Home Page   -   Search   -   Contents   -   Next article
    Copyright 1997 The Economist Newspaper Limited. All Rights Reserved

@_date: 1997-06-09 07:49:30
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: FC97 in July Wired 
Appearances can be deceiving.  I just heard about it, I don't have
a copy.
It is 30 working days, and we never have enough holidays to make that 90
days.  Local checks clear in 1 day.  How fast do your local checks clear?  :-)     -- Vince

@_date: 1997-06-16 23:08:08
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla surpasses US military in code breaking challenge. 
Press Release
Anguilla, June 16, 1997
    Anguilla surpasses US military in code breaking challenge.
The Caribbean country of Anguilla has searched through more than
2,380,000,000,000 code keys as part of the Deschall effort to break a DES
encrypted message.  This is in response to a challenge by RSA Inc to show
that DES 56 bit keys are not large enough given the rapid advances in
computing technology.  As of June 16th, the entire US military effort,
represented by Internet machine names ending in ".mil" in the Deschall
statistics pages, has searched fewer keys.  Anguilla host names end in
".com.ai".  Anguilla is a free and democratic country, that does not limit
key lengths. Offshore Information Services organized the Anguilla effort.  OIS also
hosted a conference in Anguilla called "Financial Cryptography 97" in
February of this year. Deschall:   RSA:        Offshore:   Statistics: FC97:        Vincent Cate                           Offshore Information Services
 Vince at Offshore.com.ai                   Anguilla, BWI

@_date: 1997-03-08 10:35:12
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Tim in Anguilla vs. USA 
The comparison of Tim as a US citizen ranting in California to Tim as a
guest in Anguilla ranting in Anguilla is not really fair. If Tim were a French citizen in the USA, and ranting about crypto-anarchy
and destabilizing governments on street corners (or communism or
something), he *might not* get his visa/work-permit renewed in the USA.
Tim is very safe in the USA partly because he does not have to get a visa
If Tim were an Anguillian citizen I think it would be totally safe for him
to rant in Anguilla either on the net or in person, about crypto-anarchy
and destabilizing of governments or whatever.  It would have no impact on
getting a work-permit or visa renewed because he would not be doing that. Anguilla is not so very different in all this than the USA.  The US
decides not to renew some visa on a totally different level of evidence
than that used to lock someone up in jail.  And in Anguilla freedom of
speech is officially guaranteed in the constitution but, like the US,
pornography, is somewhat controlled.  But I don't believe there is any
danger of an Anguillian citizen getting troubled by the government for
ranting. The big difference between Anguilla and the USA is that banks, by law, can
not give out information to anyone, and there is no sales tax or income
tax, and no need to report sales or income amounts to anyone.  In the USA
banks have to give anything the government wants to the government. The
level of privacy in Anguilla is far higher than the USA.  I know I am
repeating this, but...    --  Vince

@_date: 1997-03-08 20:08:32
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla is not Marxist! 
Hold it right there!  There is no Marxism or socialism in Anguilla.  We
don't even have income tax!  They are not busy redistributing wealth here. They let you keep your own wealth in Anguilla.  Get a clue!
The current minister of finance is not at all responsible for the Cable
and Wireless monopoly.  It was the previous government that set them up
and the current government is not happy about it. It is absurd to assume that since 20 years ago our Minister of Finance
went to some school you are attached to, and you have noticed Marxists
there, that he is anything close to a Marxist or to assume anything at all
about Anguilla.  After all, you are currently near this school, so by your
logic you must have caught the infection too.  Yet you claim to be a
The USA had a monopoly phone company not that long ago.  You might say
that Anguilla is behind the US in terms of telecom policy.  But to yell
communism is totally nuts.
Please.  Be reasonable.
    --  Vince

@_date: 1997-03-08 20:46:41
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla is not Marxist! 
You still assume that he was, at least at one time, into that and only if
he had changed could he now be normal.  This is so bogus.  What makes you
think he needed to undergo radical change?
Ok. I don't remember talking about competitive bids.  Not sure what
Anguilla would be taking bids for really. I don't have one, but I will see if I can get/find one.  It just seems bazar to conclude that our Minister of Finance is at best a
reformed Marxist without any more evidence than a name of a school he went
to and a monopoly phone company setup by the previous government. There are also 2 local private radio stations, 2 local private TV
stations, and a private cable company with 40 channels (local adds but
little local programming). If you only talk about the government owned
radio station you make it seem like this is government is controlling the
media or something.  It is not giving an accurate impression. The UK and USA also have government owned stations.  So what?  As long as
private ones are not supressed, I don't have any trouble with a government
owning its own radio station (and I am a devout Libertarian).    -- Vince

@_date: 1997-03-08 21:14:29
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla 
I am going to have to check tomorrow and see about thse star and
pound keys.  It would amuse me if we had seen the birth of an urban
                          Anguilla         vs       USA
1) Income taxes           Libertarian             Socialist
2) Sales Taxes            Libertarian             Socialist
3) State owned radio      Yes                     Yes
4) Competative bids       Sometimes               Sometimes
5) Pound keys that work   ?  Will check           Yes
6) Reporting of finances  Libertarian             Totalitarian
7) Free Speech            Yes, sort of            Yes, sort of
  -- Vince

@_date: 1997-03-10 08:35:35
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Anguilla 
It is really true.  Cable and Wireless has disabled the pound and star
keys on *all* of the pay phones in the whole country (20 or so).  I am
sort of amazed because I have been here 2.5 years and never heard of this
till this last week.  I don't use pay phones much, but I wonder if maybe
this is a new thing.    -- Vince

@_date: 1997-03-10 20:39:04
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Money Laundering (fwd) 
Ya, absolutely prohibited.  But not by law, yet.  Soon come.
No, they really don't want any money laundering.  Maybe they were holding
off on that law change so that the USA gov could run a money laundering
bank here for awhile.  But the US seems to think their bank has done
enough money laundering and they shut it down.    --  Vince

@_date: 1997-03-29 04:38:56
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Hard to Tax Scenario 
The good doctor Ann is not in the easy 30%, unless she is selling a
medical book she wrote over the Internet, or something like that.
There will be people who are much easier to tax than others, and I think Ann is one of those.
Today painters, plumbers, etc often give big discounts for cash payments.
The reason is they do not want to report their earnings.
Today many many people on welfare do odd jobs and take their checks to
places with signs like "Checks cashed - no ID required - 6%".  They
probably actually show ID, but the merchant cashing the check does not
write down a social security number.  The guy on welfare does not have
this earning tied to his social security number.  This is a very good
thing for him, because if the government knew he earned $100 they would
take $95 off his welfare check.  So it is much like he is avoiding his 95%
tax bracket.  And it is amazing to me how many people think, "those evil
businesses, taking advantage of those poor people who are too stupid to
open a bank account and so pay 6% to cash checks".  This is rational self
interest at work here, not stupidity.
If you add the painters, welfare people, drug dealers, etc.  We could well
be close to 30% of the economy long before all the cypherpunks form
corporations in Anguilla.   - Vince Cate

@_date: 1997-11-14 21:27:03
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Scared of US; Where to relocate? 
A splinter group of cypherpunks will be taking a boat from Anguilla to the
volcanic island of Montserrat for a religious experience.  The prophecy is
that at 2:33 during the afternoon of Feb 26th, 1998 the island will be
consumed by total darkness. T-shirts expected.  Watch  for details.    -- Vince
 Vincent Cate                           Offshore Information Services
 Vince at Offshore.com.ai                   Anguilla, BWI

@_date: 1997-10-07 23:45:27
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Real DataHaven - Regulatory Arbitrage 
The Anguillian company "PublicData.Com.AI Ltd." is running a database out
of Anguilla because the laws in Texas changed making a previous business
there illegal.  So this is a real "datahaven" type application.  Basically
they have criminal records, drivers licenses, voter registrations, and
vehicle registrations in Texas or parts of Texas. Offshore Information Services Ltd. provides Internet service for them.
We are currently at 128 kbits/second.
    -- Vince
 Vincent Cate                           Offshore Information Services
 Vince at Offshore.com.ai                   Anguilla, BWI

@_date: 1997-10-23 21:29:12
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Laws recognizing digital signatures 
I have talked to people in government and the offshore private sector here
and think Anguilla has a very good chance of passing a law making digital
signatures legally recognized, at least for corporations.  I think we
would be the first taxhaven to do so.  Currently companies use corporate
seals. I mentioned that there were a few other jurisdictions that had passed some
laws like this and they would like me to try to pin down which and, if
possible, get copies of the laws. I remember some talk about this on cypherpunks, so I am hoping someone
here can tell me which places (think there was some state) have such laws,
and if possible tell me where I can get a copy.
    -- Vince
 Vincent Cate                           Offshore Information Services
 Vince at Offshore.com.ai                   Anguilla, BWI

@_date: 1998-10-20 10:37:19
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: My citizenship renunciation made difficult 
My Barbados Embassy/Consulate contact Steve Steger (246) 228 4338 called
me up and told me that the state department has not approved my
renunciation - they say one of the forms the Barbados guys had me fill out
is old.
For those just tuning in, I renounced my citizenship to be free of US laws
on cryptography.
While I was at the Consulate they had me fill out a 1st set of forms, then
said those were obsolete (a few years back) and after waiting around for
hours they had me fill out a 2nd set of forms that they said was the
current version.  I filled out and signed everything they gave me.  They
then had an interview with several witnesses.  They took my US passport
and gave me copies of the 2nd version of all the forms with my signatures
and theirs on them. Now Steve says that I am supposed to travel down to Barbados again using
up my time and my money because of their error to do a 3rd version of
their forms. Both the time and the money make this a hardship.  They won't
mail me this 3rd version of the forms and they won't pay for my trip (let
alone time). It seems to me that since I told the New York times that I renounced my US
citizenship, and they told the world, that it should be a done deal. Also,
spending a day in the Consulate signing everything they gave me should be
enough to do it.  And why is a form saying basically "I renounce my
citizenship" that worked awhile back not effective today?
But most of all, the very idea that the US government has to give me
permission to renounce my association with it seems totally wrong.  The
people in the US are supposed to be free, not slaves or subjects.  Free
means free to leave. Any advice?
   -- Vince
 Vincent Cate                           Offshore Information Services
 Vince at Offshore.com.ai                   Anguilla, BWI                          You have to take life as it happens, but you should try to make it
happen the way you want to take it.    - German Proverb

@_date: 1998-09-30 21:12:59
@_author: Vincent Cate 
@_subject: Wire transfers from web page? 
Does anyone know of any bank with software or a web page that lets you
give them wire-transfer instructions from over the internet?
How about a bank that lets you see where a wire transfer came from on the
web page interface?  I think dollarbank.com just says "incoming wire". How about a bank on the Internet that will accept instructions to write
and mail a check drawn on your account to any random person at any
address? Such things would make it really easy for random little guys to make
their own currency using e-commerce software.
  -- Vince
 Vincent Cate                           Offshore Information Services
 Vince at Offshore.com.ai                   Anguilla, BWI                          You have to take life as it happens, but you should try to make it
happen the way you want to take it.    - German Proverb
