
@_date: 1998-09-16 16:00:10
@_author: vinnie@vmeng.com 
@_subject: Announcement: Mac-Crypto Conference Oct 6-9, 1998 
Hash: SHA1
         The Membership of the Mac-Crypto List invites you to
                      The Third Annual                           Macintosh
                Cryptography and Internet Commerce
                 Software Development Workshop
                      October 6 - 9th, 1998
                      Town Hall Auditorium
                        Apple R&D Campus
                4 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA, USA
            Keeping with tradition, this is still free workshop,             but we'd *really* like it if you register (see below).
We are once again hosting our annual workshop,  where you are sure to find the latest and greatest information about whats going on in the Macintosh cryptography world. A lot has happened in the past year in the world of the Internet and Cryptography, so this year, thanks to popular demand we have allocated more time and a larger hall for developers to talk about
what they are working on. PRELIMINARY WORKSHOP TOPICS: (more to come)
  Introductions and Overviews:
    Intro to Crypto Systems     Export Controls & Crypto software     Crypto Opportunities for the Mac
   Tech Stuff:
     AppleShare Authentication Architecture      PGPticket - A Secure Authorization Protocol      The AltaVec PowerPC Architecture
     Apple Security Architecture Overview.
     Apple Keychain / Subwoofer update
     OpenPGP & the IETF standards process      Overview of Crypto API's and Toolkits
  Applications of Cryptography
     RC5 cracking effort & the Mac      PGPUAM - Appleshare Public Key Authentication      Graphically displaying the Web of Trust      Anonymous Communications and the Macintosh   Open Sessions:
    As requested we scheduled lots of time for developer demos and
    discussions plus the much asked for and a PGP Keysigning party ...
    and plenty of time for developers to network with each other and     Apple.
We have also left time open for a few last-minute speakers. If you
would like to present a paper or give a talk, please contact
Vinnie Moscaritolo at vinnie at apple.com To find out more about previous Mac-Crypto workshops check out our webpage at    To register, complete the following form, and email it to  mac-crypto-conference at vmeng.com with the subject line REGISTRATION
 Registration is limited to 300 attendees, so be sure to register  early. * Name:                               * Email Address:
Address: Local Hotels:
Cupertino Inn, 800-222-4828
        Pretty much Across the Street.
Cupertino Courtyard by Marriot, 800-321-2211
        5 Minute Drive
Inn at Saratoga
        408-867-5020
        About 3 Miles
See you in Cupertino on October 6 - 9th!
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Apple World Wide Developer Support
 DSS/DH:   3F903472C3AF622D5D918D9BD8B100090B3EF042

@_date: 2000-12-29 09:55:58
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Reminder... Mac Crypto  Jan 29th - Feb 1st 
Hi all;
Below is a preliminary list of talks scheduled for the Millennium
Edition of  the Mac Crypto/ Internet commerce workshop.
The conference will be held at Apple's Deanza 3 Auditorium
from Jan 29th - Feb 1st .  I have had a lot  of people propose talks
but only a few have actually sent me their abstracts.
If you are on the list below and would like to correct the abstracts,
  please send me the updated text. If you are not on the list but plan to
then send me the abstract now.
Will Price, Director of Engineering
PGP Security, Inc.
"PGP Future Directions"
Will Price will discuss new technologies in PGP such as Key
Reconstruction, Instant Messaging encryption, PGP for Wireless, and future
directions of PGP on the MacOS platform.
  ----
Charles Evans  ,
Partner, BEK Ventures,
"Secure, Real-Time Financial Transactions Using WebFunds on the Mac."
The talk will center on real-world transfer of value in the form of
either a) exchange among commodity-back electronic currencies or b)
trading of shares in micro-enterprises.

@_date: 2000-10-31 13:55:16
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: CALL for Papers: The Millennium Mac-Crypto Conference 
Hash: SHA1
Take out your calendars, It's that time again folks.
I am starting to put together the  schedule for the Millennium
Edition of  the Mac Crypto/ Internet commerce workshop.   The
dates should be the week of Jan 29th, 2001.  I have booked us space
for that whole week, on the Apple  Cupertino Campus .
Henceforth, I am looking for folks to give talks, papers etc.
This year's overall theme could cover "Security in a MacOS X world".
I would like to see a number of talks related to how MacOS X changes
the Macintosh threat model.  In addition I would also like to see
a few talks about lessons learned in the last few years about
developing crypto related products.  Maybe something about digital
rights management or music. Digital cash talks are always welcome.
I would like both technical and tutorial material.   As usual I
discourage simple marketing presentations without  content, this is
a technical group.
Please try to  keep the talks no more than  40 minutes with an
additional  10 minutes allocated for for Q&A..
I suspect that there a a number of new people who have never been to
a Mac Crypto. To get an idea about what this is all about take a look
at the past three conference archives at I will be posting a preliminary schedule, formal announcements and
registration  form in a month. In the meantime if you would like to
give a talk, please send me the Title, Author's full name and email
address and a small abstract I can post on the web-page.  Once you
have slides or possibly a pdf, please send me a copy I post or link

@_date: 2002-08-04 09:14:53
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Apple's Security Update Message Fails PGP Authentication 
Hash: SHA1
yes, I did sign their key,  Apple  generated a new key and didn't
sign it with the old one
or have anyone continue it's trust path.. It would be a good thing if
someone else signed it and
sent notice to Product Security , you can
contact them there and
ask them to verify the fingerprint or use their website..
either way, isn't it funny that they use a PGP key to verify their
security updates and yet
with all the CDSA code they have on X, none of it supports the PGP
key infrastucture.
actually I am not sure what the Security framework is used for,  I
suspect  encrypting
passwords on keychain and now System update.. but not ssh/scp or
too bad.

@_date: 2002-06-20 19:32:43
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Vinnie is looking for work.. 
please pass this on
Opportunity strikes again, it seems. I am looking for employment. I
just finished up the
delivering the a large project for Apple, and as my reward they are
laying me off.
Actually it's more bad timing that anything else.
I will be looking for work shortly either contracting or full-time
and would appreciate
if you can point me to anyone whom might have work. I am very flexible.
my resume is online at

@_date: 2003-04-12 17:31:54
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Saddam's love shack 
Troops Discover Lush Saddam Hideaway
By CHRIS TOMLINSON
Associated Press Writer
BAGHDAD, Iraq (AP) -- The doors of the town house opened to reveal a playboy's fantasy straight from the 1960s: mirrored bedroom, lamps shaped like women, airbrushed paintings of a topless blonde woman and a mustached hero battling a crocodile.
Troops thought it was the home of Saddam Hussein's mistress, though on the wall and in the bedroom were photos of the Iraqi president and a woman who appeared to be his wife. The company commander suspected they had found one of the Iraqi leader's many safe houses.
"This must have been Saddam's love shack," said Sgt. Spencer Willardson of Logan, Utah.
The split-level, one-bedroom town house is in a Baath Party enclave in an upscale neighborhood in central Baghdad where generals and senior party officials lived.
Next door, where iron sheets were welded over all the windows, they found more than 6,000 Berretta pistols, 650 Sig Sauer pistols, 248 Colt Revolvers, 160 Belgian 7.65 mm pistols, 12 cases of Sterling submachine guns and four cases of anti-tank missiles all still in the unopened original boxes. There were also tens of thousands of rounds of ammunition mortars and cases of old handguns and heavy machine Not far off was another presidential palace, this one with a Yugoslav-built, chemical and biological weapons-proof bunker underneath it. A U.S. Army team inspected it and it appeared to be strictly defensive in nature.
But this home was different: beanbag chairs, a garden of plastic plants, a sunken kitchen and a room for a servant, all 1960s-style.
The sunken wet bar was stocked with 20-year old Italian red wines and expensive cognacs, brandies and Scotch whiskeys, the same brands found in several presidential palaces.
The glassware, too, was the same pattern that was found in at least three palaces also visited by U.S. troops since the regime collapsed. The pattern features the Iraqi government seal and a gold pattern on that rim.
But when it came time to eat dinner, Saddam was served his food on the official fine china of the Kuwaiti royal family, complete with the family seal and gold and maroon trim.
Capt. Chris Carter, commander of A Company, 3rd Battalion, 7th Infantry Regiment, said the home appears to be one of Saddam's safe houses. Officials concluded that the house was used by Parisoula Lampsos, who publicly claimed to be Saddam's mistress. She escaped to Lebanon in 2002.
Saddam's wife, Sajida Khairallah Telfah, is also his cousin. Together they had three daughters and two sons, Odai and Qusai. Like her husband, her whereabouts are unknown. Saddam is widely known to have a third son, Ali, by another woman.
Lampsos was interviewed extensively about her relationship with Saddam on U.S. television. Her current location is unknown and she was last believed to be in hiding.
The photos show Saddam and a woman smiling at each other and standing beside one another - in one Saddam wears a uniform and in another a On one wall was a 16-by-20 inch plaque of the Iraqi eagle and flag seal.
Upstairs was a television room with bright blue, pink and yellow throw pillows. The bathroom included a whirlpool bath. The kingsize bed was fitted into an alcove with mirrors on two sides and a fantasy painting on the third.
The closets and drawers were empty except for a man's night shirt, two pairs of boxer shorts, two T-shirts and a bath robe - each item individually wrapped in plastic, just as similar items had been in the palaces.
One of the airbrushed paintings depicted a topless blonde woman, with a green demon behind her, pointing a finger at a mythic hero. From the tip of her finger came a giant serpent, which had wrapped itself around the warrior.
Another showed a buxom woman chained to a barren desert mountain ledge, with a huge dragon diving down to kill her with sharpened The home's 1960s look - parodied in the series of "Austin Powers" spy spoofs - inspired a round of imitations from soldiers slogging door to door.
"Yeah, baaabeee," said Carter, doing his best imitation of actor Mike Myers' character.
"Shagadelic," another soldier shouted.
Indeed, the carpet was navy blue shag

@_date: 2004-12-29 10:07:46
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: In war on terrorism, U.S. drafts shops to be on guard 
In war on terrorism, U.S. drafts shops to be on guard
 By Steve Johnson
 Knight Ridder Newspapers
 SAN JOSE, Calif. - It may surprise some people to learn that one of the
linchpins in this nation's war on terrorism is the Bin & Barrel Mini Mart
in Fremont, Calif.
 Manager Sonia Cheema certainly was when her dad bought the store in October.
 Under federal rules still being fine-tuned, she discovered, the Bin &
Barrel - like thousands of other businesses - must have a written plan for
foiling money-laundering terrorists. It also must have a "compliance
officer" to ensure the plan is heeded, train its employees to spot shady
transactions and regularly audit its own performance.
 That's not all.
 While not widely known, the Bin & Barrel and every other U.S. business
must steer clear of people on the government's 192-page list of "specially
designated nationals," which has more than 5,000 names and is updated
frequently. Otherwise, business people could face huge fines and a long
stay in prison.
 "Oh gosh! Imagine one person coming to cash a check and going through a
list," said the 25-year-old Cheema, who has temporarily stopped cashing
checks and processing money orders, at least until she understands the
federal rules better. "It's going to be a lot of work. ... I don't think
it's worth it."
 Previously, banks were pretty much the only businesses that had to worry
about money launderers. But that changed after the terrorist attacks on
Sept. 11.
 On Sept. 24, 2001, President Bush signed an executive order barring
business dealings with anyone on the specially designated list, which
includes the names and aliases of suspected terrorists, drug kingpins and
their associates. Those failing to comply can be fined $10 million and
jailed up to 10 years.
 That was followed a month later by enactment of the USA Patriot Act, which
forces "financial institutions"- broadly defined to include everything from
liquor stores to pawn shops - to have detailed programs for combating money
launderers. Under its enforcement provisions, business operators face
potential $500,000 fines and 10-year prison terms.
 The Patriot Act already is in effect for casinos, mutual funds,
credit-card firms, banks and "money service businesses" like the Bin &
Barrel, which offer such things as check cashing and money transfers.
 Still others - jewelers, vehicle dealers, travel agents, loan companies,
investment firms and people involved in real estate closings - are waiting
for the government to issue their regulations under the act.
 As word about the law spreads, many business people don't like what they
are hearing.
 "A lot of our members are just starting to wake up to all of the things
they are required to do," said Karen Penafiel, assistant vice president for
advocacy for the Building Owners & Managers Association International. When
the group's executive committee held a briefing on the act in November, she
said, "there was a sense that, 'you've got to be kidding."'
 Expecting businesses - especially tiny ones - to keep track of terrorists
strikes some people as silly.
 "It's just lame," said Pat Kennedy, who owns Alpine Recreation, a Morgan
Hill, Calif., RV dealership. "I'm trying to imagine any local terrorist
picking up his motor home and doing a little camping."
 Palo Alto, Calif., attorney Jonathan Axelrad has similar concerns about
the law's potential application to venture capital funds. Forcing the
funds' managers to monitor money laundering "would simply be an expensive,
unnecessary burden," he said, because the risks and withdrawal limits of
such investments would likely be unattractive to terrorists.
 But terrorists are capable of using a wide range of businesses and
purchases - including recreational vehicles - to hide their assets,
according to federal officials, who insist the new rules already are paying
 They note that from Feb. 18, 2003, through Nov. 9, 2004, they received
tips from various financial institutions about suspicious activity in 129
terrorism-related cases. That resulted in 648 grand jury subpoenas, nine
arrests and two indictments.
 Even so, compliance with the act has been spotty so far.
 William Fox, director of the U.S. Treasury Department's Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network, told Congress in September that only 21,058 of the
estimated 200,000 money service businesses nationwide had registered with
his agency, as required under the Patriot Act.
 Although firms that handle small transactions are exempt under the law, he
testified, "we believe there are a significant number of money services
business required to register that have failed to do so."
 The reason for that isn't clear. But even among companies that have heard
of the law, many remain perplexed about its provisions.
 "There is mass confusion out in the business world on this," said
Christopher Myers, an attorney who recently did an analysis of the laws'
implications for real-estate companies.
 Some critics blame the law's vague wording. Consider its decree that
anyone involved in real estate closings have procedures for deterring money
laundering. In addition to buyers and sellers, industry experts say, that
wording could apply to mortgage lenders, appraisers, surveyors, title
insurers, escrow agents, environmental consultants and city building
 Similar uncertainty surrounds Bush's order forbidding all 5.6 million of
the nation's businesses from having dealings with anyone on the specially
designated nationals list, which can be viewed at
 Because the list of 5,000-plus names is regularly updated, many companies
are using sophisticated software to check it against their customers'
names. But the cost of software can range from $1,000 to well over
$100,000. And it's not foolproof.
 "Inevitably, there will be many 'false positives' with the use of this
software," according to a notice published by the Treasury Department's
Office of Foreign Assets Control, which oversees the list. So to clarify if
a customer is really on the list, the notice advises, business operators
may have to go to the additional trouble of contacting their software
supplier or the Treasury Department.
 In addition, depending on the type and size of the transactions involved,
many businesses must fill out detailed "suspicious activity reports" and
file them with the federal government within 30 days of discovering a
customer is on the list.
 The Office of Foreign Assets Control has made public the names of some
large businesses that have gotten fines or other penalties for failing to
ensure their customers weren't on the list. But Molly Millerwise refused to
disclose the names of any small businesses punished for such violations.
 "That's not available," she told the Mercury News. "It's nothing we have
made public."
 Nonetheless, she said, small-business owners could wind up in big trouble
if they assume they won't be prosecuted, adding that, "everyone is
responsible for compliance."
--- end forwarded text
