
@_date: 1996-08-17 07:03:08
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: FCC_ups 
This kind of report is often confusing and more often misleading.
Most of the internet still runs on "the infrastructure provided by the giants of the telecommunications industry, who according to the report would cease to exist after some time". Bigbells and Babybells provide cheap [flat rate local calls] and expensive long-distance calls. They make most of their money on the
later. This money goes into development and maintainance of their
infrastructure. Once they loose these profits 1. They won't be able
to provide cheap local-calls and/or 2. They would go bankrupt and shut the
entire network which is used by many to connect to the internet.
This is complex problem and the only solution I see to it is a
different pricing policy. [Prolly a differential pricing system might fit
the scenario but I don't have much idea about that] First flat rates would have to go out.
If Alice uses her phone for 5 hrs in month and pay _x_ dollars and Bob uses
his for 100 hrs and pays _x_ dollars, then Alice is subsidising Bob, which
is not really ethical. Everyone should pay for the amount of bandwith one is using.  Another criteria for pricing can be content. Which would also imply that
a guy sitting in Delhi, India (like me) pays more for reaching a Server based in US, as compared to a local server. --- Vipul

@_date: 1996-08-19 18:43:26
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Billy boy's satellites [Was - Floating DataHaven] 
The Iridium Project was pretty neat in this respect. I don't know what
is happenning with it as of now. It had some 230+ satellites, and some
smart routing techniques, if a satellite goes down. vipul at pobox.com

@_date: 1996-08-21 06:18:20
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Phoneco vs X-Phone 
Your view point doesn't really fit the facts, but since it is not the
issue here, I'll let it go. Can't resist like someone has to pay those 80,000+ employees at AT+T.
Exactly! Once "X-Phone" has its servers in US Cities, and its charging 10 cents a minute for long distance calls, I don't see if the phonecos would be able to provide any service that people are willing to pay for, I mean they won't
be able to provide matching lucrative rates. You mean to say that, X-Phone will take advantage of the phoneco and mint money for a minimal investment, whereas the phoneco who spent billions on the
infrastructure will be just whistle down the road, and let the X-Phone indulge in its own cyberdo.
Its like you write a book and the cover designer sells it in his name.
- Vipul

@_date: 1996-08-21 09:00:53
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
I don't know if there has been much discussion on the ethics of spamming
here? Is spamming free speech? - Vipul

@_date: 1996-08-21 09:21:55
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Hackers invade DOJ web site 
I think its a DOJ's doing. They prolly want to show the courts how
bad hackers can get so they can conjure up some support in forthcomming
trials. C'mon the sysadmins aren't fools, they surely see their own site.
- Vipul
vipul at pobox.com

@_date: 1996-08-21 14:48:27
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Phoneco vs X-Phone 
No ulterior motives, Jim. Cool Down :)
Now lets see, you say we have enough capacity out there, alright, but then
why is everyone raving about "a slow internet". We all know in IT 640K
is never enough, niether is 640Mb. At some point in time, new cables
_have_ to be laid. Moreover you seem to be considering a static growth rate,
but we all know the Internet is nothing short of a big-bang. I am trying to debate a model rather than numbers and in which case its
important to to consider a long-term scenario.
This reminds me of a survey on a "proposed Rural Telecom Network" back in India, which finally decided that ROI will not justify the project
even in 20 years time. Alright, once again I try to show what exactly I am pointing at. Alice uses
the phone 23 hrs a day, Bob uses 10 mins, both get their connections
from ABCTel. The bandwidth with ABCTel saturates and it has to buy more bandwidth (if ABCTel is a babybel, it will be buying it from a BigBell,
and whether or not bandwidth exists is quite besides the point here)
Its because of subscribers like Alice ABCTel is buying more bandwidth,
and the flat rate revenues generated by addition of a couple of members won't justify the new bandwidth. Flat rates are based on the assumption that a subscriber will use the service
for X amount of time. Since the phoneco has no control over user behaviour,
more that reasonable number of Alice-type clients will screw up the phonecos With explosion of Internet, people have found a new way of using their phone
line, and all these companies are already in trouble. To top all that we
are loudly professing the Internet (ultra-low-cost) solutions to LD Calls
with phoneco. - Vipul
vipul at pobox.com

@_date: 1996-08-23 05:45:50
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: DOJ Scam! 
Vipul wrote :
And particular thing to note is that *indecency*.
- Vipul
vipul at pobox.com

@_date: 1996-08-23 05:46:13
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Spamming 
Internet pricing models are complicated and debatable, but you surely
    end up paying for snail-junk-mail. Not directly, but hidden in the high
    first-class mail costs. More mail, more infrastructure, higher costs.
    This could be quite true for the net also, if we consider bandwidth costs
    money.
Vipul Ved Prakash                       Voice   91 11 2247802
                       Fax     91 11 3328849
      198 Madhuban, IP Extension, Delhi 110 092, INDIA

@_date: 1996-08-23 05:52:32
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
Informal law! The first content line could be "This is un-solicited mail". Then the MTA will remove it. Sender who doesnot put this line in his spam should be mailbombed. Though this kind of arrangement doesn't mean that spam
is nice thing if it has the line in it. - Vipul

@_date: 1996-08-23 18:48:42
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
This is peculiar. Nobody seems to mind ads in Newspapers, printed magazines, TV, and for that matter
web sites. That is unwanted stuff too, but now someone is paying for it. Though one can argue it out, on
many grounds :
1. If the guy has to pay for it, he'll do it in limits.
2. He must have selected the context carefully, so the ad is most prolly of    some use to its audience
3. He'll tend to talk sense.
- Vipul

@_date: 1996-08-23 19:39:45
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
Subscribe them to cypherpunks, lots of times (if that is possible) and don't tell em hot to get off :)
Alternatively have a moderated "spam.die.die" mailing list and subscribe the culprit too this list.
Generate lot of data (like Octal dumps of entire hard disks) and keep sending out mails to these guys
on regular basis.
- Vipul

@_date: 1996-08-25 08:09:54
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Spamming 
This can be true to certain extent. But if the mag doesn't maintain objectivity, it will kill itself slowly. Same is true of broadcast media.

@_date: 1996-08-25 08:54:27
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Web Resource on Netspam 
Title: Spam (Not the Hormel product)
[Fighting Spam]
 :
 :
 :
 :
An honest
is one who
takes your
bribe AND
votes as
you ask.
Spam (Not the Hormel product)
Anyone familiar with the usenet has seen it.  It's the vile stuff that
brain-dead get-rick-quick scheme promoters and professionsal advertisers
foist upon us all with increasing regularity.  There are (to date) two species of spam, differentiated by the mechanism by which they are delivered.  Each has its own defining charateristics, each has its own sub-species, but both have two things in common: they're made possible by the workings of the internet, and they're both examples of the same type of 'cost-shifting' that made junk faxes illegal.  Contrary to postal junk mail, where the sender bears the full cost of delivery, the spammer bears only a fraction of the cost of delivery; the remainder of the costs are borne by us, the recipients.  It's a waste of your bandwidth, your disk space, and your time.
email spam
Messages delivered by electronic mail to large numbers of recipients who did not ask for or otherwise solicit the messages.  It's the junk mail of the 21st century, only worse.
usenet spam
Messages delivered by usenet to large numbers of newsgroups whose chartered topics are unrelated to (and may even explicitly forbid) the topic of the message.
Not enough people seem to
realize that there are constructive ways to deal with it, and to reduce
the chance that you'll have to deal with it again in the future.   What to do
  What NOT to do
  The most effective is to write some   polite email to the administrator of the site from which the spam   originated.
  You'll soon learn that most system administrators are very unhappy   about users who spam the net.  It's   always gratifying when they write back to tell you that the offending   account has been terminated.
  Start reading news.admin.net-abuse.misc   to learn more about how to deal with spammers.
  If there's a 1-800 number, call it to express your displeasure.    It might please you to note that 1-800 numbers typically cost them a   small amount of money with each call.  How much do you pay for your disk   space and bandwidth with each unsolicited bit of email?  It's only fair,   right?
  Grab your telephone, or even pay them a visit in person.  You   generally have to have access to a unix command line to find the phone   numbers and addresses, unless you're dealing with the same spammers that have been   bothering me.  Why stick to email?  If they're in your area, tell   them face-to-face that you object to their tactics.
  Don't post a follow-up message in the same newsgroup.  Do you   really think that the spammer is going to re-visit thousands of   newsgroups to see what people had to say?
  The same goes for mailing lists.  If you get spammed via a mailing   list, never reply to the list.  Your words will just get   re-broadcast to everyone else on the list, thus doubling the nuisance   created by the spammer.
Fun stuff that doesn't get results, but might be good for a laugh
RecyclingIf they enjoy sending spam, then it only makes sense that
they wouldn't mind getting their own, right?  Just for kicks, forward each
new spam to the spammers who have pestered you in the past.  While I can't
vouch for its effectiveness, it does reek of
poetic justice, and it makes me feel a little better. It usually makes people laugh out loud when I explain it, too. A Pre-emptive Anti-Spam TacticWhy wait to get spammed, when you
can see them coming in news.admin.net-abuse.misc?  Let the spammers know in advance that they
will be charged (insert dollar amount here) if they send you any junk
mail.  Additional references
Spam and Anonymous Remailing Services
Damien Lucifer (ncognito at gate.net) operates an
anonymous remailing service.  He's put together a page covering spam and
remailers, including how to get a remailer to stop spamming you, and it is my pleasure to host this page for him. mail bombing
For advanced spam-fighters only.  Can concerted emailbombing be employed as a legitimate spam-fighting tactic?  Pros, cons, and related About Junk Some of the hows and whys of junk email, and tactics you can use to help rid yourself of it.
A press release from MCI
...with information about their anti-spam policies.  See also their online policy statement.  Note that MCI's seriousness about these statements has been severely questioned in light of their (mis)handling of the Moneyworld/CHAG spammer.  30 days between announcing that the situation is being dealt with and finally cutting off a spammer with message-per-week spamming speed?  This is pretty disgusting in light of the good press MCI got when they announced their spam policies.  It's starting to look more like a PR stunt than a policy statement.  I can only take comfort knowing that at least their sysadmins are aware of (and frustrated with) the situation.
I must disclaim that civil legal issues may be involved in the
MCI/Moneyworld dispute, so there may be things going on that the public
isn't aware of.  Still, for MCI not to have covered its corporate ass does
not speak well of MCI's sincerity or the competence of MCI's lawyers.  Outlaw Junk EMail Now!
Write your legislators, ask them to expand the TCPA to include junk email!  Note that as the law is currently written, it is unlikely to be applicable to email.
Fighting Junk More information about junk email and related issues.  Includes pointers to mechanical tactics for dealing with junk email.
Spam FAQ
Everything you never wanted to know about net spamming.
Get that spammer!Webified TCP/IP tools to aid in the fight against spam.
Litigation to the rescue?
Use of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (47 U.S.C. sec 227) to nail junk emails.  The case described was settled out of court, but the ideas is intriguing.  This commentary, written by a lawyer, does not seem optistic about applying the TCPA directly to junk email, but doesn't rule out the possibility, either.
Litigation to the $500 fines for junk mail via the courts.  Sounds like promising tactic for dealing with intra-USA spammings.  Some commentary on this law was posted to usenet a while back.
The U.S. Postal Service on Chain Letters
Contrary to what the make.money.fast crowd would have you believe, these scams are illegal.  See the aforelinked page for details, and and consider talking to the appropriate postal inspector as well.
The Better Business Bureau
These folks will be happy to be notified of 'improper selling practices' via the aforelinked form.
Anti-Spam lists
This is a relatively new phenomenon.  People are starting to offer the 'service' of collecting lists of addresses of folks who do not want to get spam.  I think this is a bad idea, since it attempts to legitimize junk email, by implying that if an email address is not on the list, it's prefectly OK to send junk email.  The other problem with this idea is that there are going to be several of them, and no junkmailer is going to filter their list using each "service."  Thus, it will be up to the recipients to track down all of the "services."
Currently there are at least three running.  One is at  one is at and I don't have an URL for the last - it was sent to me via unsolicited email, naturally.
Terms of Service and Acceptable usage policies
Most Internet service providers require that their customers agree to a set of terms of service (TOS) or an acceptable usage policy (AUP).  A random sampling: Mindspring's policy, Primenet's AUP, MCI's
spamming policy, and the terms and conditions for my own ISP, Northwest Nexus (a.k.a. halcyon.com).
I should note that while Northwest Nexus doesn't describe spamming in their terms of service, they have booted more than one spammer in the past.  It surprises me greatly that they aren't explicit about this in their published terms and conditions.
A spamhandling robot
This is very "under construction," but worth mentioning anyhow.  I'm putting together some perl code to automate the spam-handling process.  Common flavors of net.spam
 The MAKE.MONEY.FAST scheme A direct descendant of the chain letters of old, this is the pyramid scam of the information age...  A quick look at the mathematics behind the idea will expose the scam.
 Phone-sex cretins They post a couple of lines of text-mode heavy breathing, and usually a 1-800 number that you're invited to call.  Call the 1-800 number.  Really.  It costs them money every time you do!  They make their money via the 1-900 number that they ask you to call next.  So just call the 1-800 number again.  And again.  And again.
[Fighting Spam]
 :
 :
 :
 :
Don't just browse here, say something!
Speak your mind in this space here:
 The true beauty of Usenet is the way it allows free communication.
You can be rich/poor/ugly/
 religious/atheist or a member of any
race/religion or be young/old... That's the wonder - everyone can talk to
one another and share ideas.
 Then spam comes along. It fills up
newsgroups with so much noise that no one reads it any more. That
wondrous method of communication has been lost. That's why I hate spam.  You just don't get it, do you?
 No, deleting one piece of email doesn't take much.  Then again,
neither does appealing to a system administrator to have the
spammer shut down.  Two or three bits of junk a day really is something I can live with, but I don't want to.  So why should I?  Two or three bits of trash by the roadside won't mean the end of
the world.  Tossing empty cans out the window costs less than having your
trash hauled away - what a great opportunity to save money!  If litter
were acceptable, a public beach would be no place to spend an afternoon.  Postal mail costs the sender with each mailing.  This keeps junk
postal mail to tolerable levels. EMail costs the sender maybe
$20/month, period.  Are you so fucking stupid that you don't
realize what a cesspool the net would be if this were allowed to grow
unchecked?  People complain about spam and mass E-mailers.  But my question is:
what's the big deal?  Does it REALLY take THAT much PRECIOUS time out
of your day to click and delete a piece of E-mail? I think that the
people complaining about others taking advantage of an excellent
business opportunity ought to just relax a bit.  And just HOW does it COST you to deal with SPAM?  With ISP's dropping access prices and
providing unlimited access to the internet, how could it possibly
COST someone to get an E-mail message?  I think you people really need
to just kick back and relax already.  Geeze, if it wasn't SPAM what
else would you find to complain about?
 Spam isn't about content, spam is about quantity and cost shifting.  TV spam would be the same ad on every channel at the same time.
Print spam would be junk mail sent postage due or charge-on-delivery.
With the ads on TV and in newspapers, the advertisers pay the expenses associated with publishing their ads.  With net spam, the recipients pay the expenses associated with carrying the ads.  That is the key difference.  The costs of ads in traditional media help to support the very media that
deliver the ads.  With net.spam, there are no costs, and the ads just
serve to sap the medium.  All you need is a free trial account (AOL,
interramp, or earthlink, etc are famous for this), and you can broadcast a
huge amount of spam before anyone notices.  Or, you can pay for an account
with MCI, and broadcast huge amounts of spam for 30 days after the
sysadmins realize what's going on. -NW  Net-based spam is not the only form of spam. There is spam in print
and spam in TV advertising. Wouldn't you say every Calvin Klein ad
on TV, magazines or billboards is spam? How about Budweiser,
Lite beer, and McDonalds commercials.
If you see any type of advertising that offends your senses, you
should feel free to boycott the products, ask your friends to
boycott the products, etc. If the company has an 800 number or
web site, let them know that you find their advertising offensive.
 I am really, really, REALLY tired of being solicited to buy things whenever I log on to my computer. I mean, I pay for the phone line, the software, the hardware, the accounts and my time is worth money as well. I get a LOT of e-mail and a SIZEABLE portion of it is junk e-mail. When I read news, about 10% of it is junk e-mail; more if it
is a small newsgroup. I want to know what uninformed idiot is selling
my address, or where these people are GETTING it. I have never bought
anything over the computer. I have bounced unsolicited junk back to
the people who send it. (I love how righteously indignant these people
are: they send you mail and expect you to buy something from them and
when you fail to perform as expected with joy and gratitude...if you should, in fact, protest them wasting your time and resources...they
get downright rude and abusive. The presumptuousness of it just really
annoys me.) The capper is that I did some artwork for the anti-Canter-
and-Siegel "Green Card Lawyers" tees Joel Furr was offering a while ago.
The ultimate clue that I am not interested in spam of any sort, but how
could they know? It's just amusing. Let it be known that I am not a
test market, nor will I buy any of your crap, be it face cream, thigh
cream, green cards, stock options, modems, books, herbs, or the golden
goose itself. Not interested. I don't know you, I have no reason to trust
you, and you are spamming MY mailbox and expecting ME to reward this with
money. No, thank you. I've been online for more than 5 years, and I really long for the "good old days" before the Net was "cool".
There ya go. My tuppence. Now...where do I go to put my name on the
"Don't Send This Person Crap Mail" list? (Laugh)
 SPAM is only going to go away if we make sure companies learn that SPAMming doesn't get costumers to buy thier products and it does more to stop potential costumers from buying thier products.
 I've heard a couple of different conflicting stories about the origins of the use of the word spam in this context.  The most popular version suggests that is was inspired by the
Monty Python skit in which virtually every item on some restaurant's menu
includes spam in some form or other.  The waiter's recitation of the menu
becomes unintelligible except for '...and spam, spam with..., spam salad,
...with spam, spam mixed with..." and so on.  It really picks up when the
Vikings start chanting "spam-spam spam, spam, spam-spam spam, spam...." ad
nauseum.  This is what the net would be like if this stuff was allowed to continue unchecked.  If that's not a horrifying thought, maybe you should see the skit in question.
My personal belief is that geeks (who make up much of the 'net
community (myself included), much of Monty Python's audience, and probably
most of Monty Python's cast) just tend to use the word spam when more
appropriate words don't come to mind readily.  For no particularly good
reason, it really stuck this time.
 Due to popular demand, I've expanded the first couple of paragraphs to better explain what spam is and why it's such a pain in the ass.  Personally, I'm getting two to five unsolicited email messages every week.  This is up from approximately zero unsolicited messages per week a few years ago when I first started using the Internet and Usenet.  It's a trend that has been steadily increa
sing, especially for the last year or two.  It's a trend that really really worries me.  It's a trend that is, worst of all, wasting my time!
 I an working on a Usenet news server designed to filter spam from
a news feed and quietly drop it.  Announcements in due course (next
few months) but if anyone wants to help with other platforms and
live feed debugging please mail me.
 Wow! Thanks for the help. I'll certainly become an anti-spam activist
and use your information to good effect.
 I don't get it! What is SPAM?
 Pardon my ignorance but what does "SPAM"ming mean?
"SICK PEOPLE AGAINST MAIL"???
 For the Spammers that have a web page I visit it with a macro every time that
I leave my system idle while connected for more then 5 min. This way at least
I'm sucking down their site and causing their site to slow down so those that are interest get bored waiting for an over taxed server to show them just what
They get for "ONLY $9.99 A MONTH!!!!" and leave with out buying. The only reason they have the site is to make money. No Money, No Site, No Spam.
 Very nice -- I like the idea of dialing the 800 number in the ad.  One
might wish to be sure to mention (if there's a message taker or, even
better, a human at the other end) that you saw their ad in (insert
newsgroup here) -- and no, you're not interested in buying anything,
you just wanted to see what they had.
Unfortunately, every time you call the 800 number, chances are you're
also adding your own phone number to a database that will result in
your receiving "junk phone calls" on a variety of useless subjects.
Solution?  Make the calls from a pay phone, ideally one that doesn't
accept incoming calls.
 Isn't spam remarkably like the countless hours of television (including but not limited to advertisements) that most of us watched in our childhoods?  And to think, whoever controls the information going to the youth of the nation controls the future
 of the nation.  Greedy, stupid corporations played a central role in molding us and shaping our opinions, attitudes, and perspectives.  Something to think about, perhaps... [Fighting Spam]
 :
 :
 :
 :
n a t e s c a p e @ m e t a r e a l i t y . c o m
This page last updated Aug 21
Comments last updated Aug 22

@_date: 1996-08-25 09:47:49
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Spamming 
Alright, I agree. Though this could very easily differ with size and reach of a PS.  But on the net it means more bandwidth right? Which means more bandwidth, and more money. Hang on. This might not be a problem in US (as jim bell points out there is tons of untapped bandwith), but it is in other not so well connected countries. For example, if somebody spams an Indian Network from india, the
spam goes to US and comes back to india (since our govt sayz you cant connect
2 local networks!) and eats up most of the 20 MBps bandwidth.
Gov't will buy more bandwidth and will make us pay for it!
- Vipul

@_date: 1996-08-25 11:10:03
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Weird "Suppression" messages 
Is this all becuz of those bad nameserver records floating around the net?
Tons of ISP's have gone down!
- Vipul

@_date: 1996-08-27 10:05:17
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: bot at anon.penet.fi 
I posted the contents of a web site containing netspam stuff to cypherpunks. In the transaction a bot at anon.penet.fi caught my mail (thought it was a copy of the infamous Make Money Fast chain) and posted me a FAQ and bounced my
message. (Though it seems to have reached cypherpunks already)

@_date: 1996-08-27 10:24:51
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Nuke attack? No, bug in DNS! (fwd) 
I think this is the main cause of all strange things happening on the
net for last few days. Rishab A. Ghosh Wrote :

@_date: 1996-08-28 23:36:54
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Spamming (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Reply-To: vipul at pobox.com
X-Organization: Positive Ideas Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
X-Status: Alright, I agree. Though this could very easily differ with size and reach of a PS.  But on the net it means more bandwidth right? Which means more bandwidth, and more money. Hang on. This might not be a problem in US (as jim bell points out there is tons of untapped bandwith), but it is in other not so well connected countries. For example, if somebody spams an Indian Network from india, the
spam goes to US and comes back to india (since our govt sayz you cant connect
2 local networks!) and eats up most of the 20 MBps bandwidth.
Gov't will buy more bandwidth and will make us pay for it!
- Vipul

@_date: 1996-08-29 08:05:52
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Home Page 
Can't get to the cypherpunks web page. Have been trying for last two daz, seems that the WWW server has decided not to respond.
- Vipul

@_date: 1996-12-18 00:49:12
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: NSClean 
*** NSCLean, IECLean provide privacy for surfers
Heightened awareness of cookies, user IDs, history files and the like
has left some web users a little spooked about their favorite
browser's ability to track their movements over the Internet. Surfers
can erase Netscape's electronic trail with NSClean, available from
AXXIS Corporation. For the full text story, see
AXXIS Corporation also released IEClean software which enables
Microsoft Internet Explorer users to surf privately. For the full text
story, see

@_date: 1996-12-18 00:51:34
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: No computer access for criminals 
*** U.S. Parole Commission to restrict computer access
The U.S. Parole Commission will restrict computer use by certain
high-risk, convicted criminals who have been released from prison on
parole, the Justice Department said Monday. It said the panel made the
decision Dec. 4 after noting information was available on the Internet
and computer online services involving offenses such as child
molestation, hate crimes and illegal use of explosives. An official
said, "We cannot ignore the possibility that such offenders may be
tempted to use computer services to repeat their crimes." For the full
text story, see

@_date: 1996-12-25 09:24:04
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Iranian clergic attacks Internet as 'poison' to the masses (fwd) 
*** Iranian clergic attacks Internet as 'poison' to the masses
A senior Iranian cleric called Friday for restricting Internet access
because the global computer network fed "poison" to the masses.
Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati said the Internet should be restricted to
research and scientific centers and he criticized "unalert and
uncalculating" officials who allowed unrestricted access. He said the
Internet "poisoned thought, morale and attitude" and "was much worse
than food poisoning since 100 doctors put together could not cure such
a case in a short time." For the full text story, see

@_date: 1996-06-16 06:58:24
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: pretty good reputation 
a pretty good detour. by what i understand pgp's "web of trust" scheme has flaws. according to pgp (alice trusts jane, jane trusts snoopy, bob trusts alice) implies bob trusts snoopy. this means that alice trusts jane to the extent, that if jane trusts a third person, then a fourth person who trusts alice automatically trusts that third person. deducing such results from a simple shades of trust system cannot lead to a reliable web of trust.
thats common sense.
what is required is a reputation system wherein trust is  _qualified_ rather than _quantified_. its senseless to say i trust him five units.
it will be more appropriate if pgp has a separate tag for "type of trust"
or something like that. this kind of thing can be difficult to handle, since it a fuzzy parameter. add to the problem a global-system like internet where all communication is not person to person. i was wondering if there are any working mathematical models for reputation systems, and how successful they are.
vipul ved prakash

@_date: 1996-06-18 13:04:03
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: pretty good reputation 
That was simply to ensure a flame free discussion. Almost anything I talk about
on my local bbs echos (back in India) turns out to be a flame war, specially
if its related to _touchy_ software like PGP :)
in that case if alice receives a key signed by bob, she would know
the key is good. and there is no need for the two other fields. infact the reason why i felt pgp is trying to model a reputation system if because of these two fields that carry trust values.
this is precisely what i wanted to know. can there be a model wherein one
can compute a trust-like parameter? if yes in what ways should this parameter
be modified and qualified. or conversely what kind of qualification/modification
is required for computing trust?
lets say a reputation system involves alice, bob, carol and don. Computing
trust parameter with respect to each other can lead to situtions where
alice trusts bob x% and has y% proof that he is a liar, after considering all other relations. If this x% > y% she'll believe him, if not she won't.
thats why i feel the liar paradox doesn't really pose much of a threat.    There will be inconsistency only if trust/untrust values are absolute.
that is you either trust someone or you don't. i am talking of a system
wherein trust values lie between 0..1 which are derived from a set of
tags. in that case bob alice trusts bob x% bob trusts carol y% and carol
trusts alice z%. if z < x, z < y simply implies alice trusts bob, bob trusts
carol more than carol trusts alice. so the system will be relative rather than
absolute. a person who is trusted by more people will carry greater weight
and people trusted by him will carry higher weight too. this way snoopy
who is not trusted by many people will automatically have a weak relationship
with others.
again these ratings will be decided in a web rather that on one-to-one basis.
that way the social/political pressure can be reduced though not completely
if any research work is freely available i'll be really interested.

@_date: 1996-03-25 04:50:18
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Crypto CD 
Excellent Idea. At least I haven't seen one around.
How about PGP key archives?
        .od8888bo.                              \|/
     .d%::::88::888b.             	       (@    .d888::::::::8:888%.   ------------------oOO-(_)-OOo-----------------
   88888:::::::88888::%.  You walk across with your flowers in your hand
  d888888:::88;888888::b       Trying to tell me no one understands
  888888888:888888888888   Trade in your hours for a hand full of dimes
  Y8888888::::::888888%P         Gonna make it baby in our prime.
  '8888888:::::::8888:%'  ----------------------------------------------
   '88888888:::888888%'   Vipul Ved Prakash        Fax : +91-11-3328849
     '8888888::88888%'    Positive Ideas.     Internet : vipul at pobox.com
        '"Y88%B8P"'       ----------------------------------------------                                  PGP Key : Finger 	                   PGP Key fingerprint =  35 FF A2 CA BD 6B 80 82  61 30 F2 23 96 93 77 E4

@_date: 1996-03-31 09:20:19
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Psuedo-Ramdom Number Generator 
Don't know if its proper to post some trivial code snippets on the list. I felt some one just might find is useful.
                 LFSR-based Psuedo Random Number Generator
 LFSR is a random number generator based on a Linear Feedback Shift  Register The _tap_ sequence is 31, 6, 4, 2, 1 and 0. The primitive
 polynomial  mod  2 formed  from the tap sequence is x^32 + x^7 + x^5
 + x^3 + x^2 + x +  1.  The function  LFSRRandom  generates  a 16-bit
 unsigned  word.  Function  SetInit defines the initial parameters to
 run the generator with. It should be noted that  a particular set of
 Initial parameters will always generate  the  same set of  psuedo-random numbers.
 Vipul Ved Prakash  25th Feb '95 uses crt;
var lShiftReg : longint;
    wLastRandom : word;
procedure LFSRRandom(var wGeneratedRandom : word);
   i : integer;
   wNewRandom : word;
   lFnResult : longint;
     wNewRandom := 0;
     for i := random(3) to random(3) + 13 do
     begin
          lFnResult := ((lShiftReg shr 31) xor (lShiftReg shr 06) xor
          (lShiftReg shr 04) xor (lShiftReg shr 02) xor (lShiftReg shr 01) xor
                        (lShiftReg)) and $1;
          lShiftReg := (lFnResult shl 31) or (lShiftReg shr 1);
          wNewRandom := wNewRandom or (lFnResult shl i)
     end;
     wGeneratedRandom := wLastRandom xor wNewRandom;
     wLastRandom := wNewRandom
procedure paramError;
     writeln;
     writeln;
     writeln( : RGen   '); writeln; halt;
procedure setInit(x, y : longint; z : integer);
     if x <> 0 then lShiftReg :=  x else lShiftReg := 1; { Anything
     but 0 } wLastRandom := y; randseed := z;
   i : longint;
   ch : char;
   wGeneratedRandom : word;
   ranfile : text;
   S : string;
   number : longint;
   code : integer;
   dummy : integer;
   count : integer;
     count := 0;
     clrscr;
     setInit(4,5,10);
     if (paramcount < 2) then paramerror else assign(ranfile,
     paramstr(1)); rewrite(ranfile); val(paramstr(2), number, code);
     if code <> 0 then paramerror; for i := 1 to number do begin
          count := count + 1;
          LFSRRandom(wGeneratedRandom);
          str(wGeneratedRandom, S);
          writeln(ranfile, S);
          if count > 100 then
          begin
               count := 0;
               write('.'); {Write a dot after every 100 numbers}
          end;
     end;
     close(ranfile);
     writeln;
     writeln('Done. Press a key to exit...');
     ch := readkey;
     writeln;
        .od8888bo.                              \|/
     .d%::::88::888b.             	       (@    .d888::::::::8:888%.   ------------------oOO-(_)-OOo-----------------
   88888:::::::88888::%.  You walk across with your flowers in your hand
  d888888:::88;888888::b       Trying to tell me no one understands
  888888888:888888888888   Trade in your hours for a hand full of dimes
  Y8888888::::::888888%P         Gonna make it baby in our prime.
  '8888888:::::::8888:%'  ----------------------------------------------
   '88888888:::888888%'   Vipul Ved Prakash        Fax : +91-11-3328849
     '8888888::88888%'    Positive Ideas.     Internet : vipul at pobox.com
        '"Y88%B8P"'       ----------------------------------------------                                  PGP Key : Finger 	                   PGP Key fingerprint =  35 FF A2 CA BD 6B 80 82  61 30 F2 23 96 93 77 E4

@_date: 1996-05-16 14:31:53
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Securing CDROM from piracy 
We have developed a multimedia resource that will be cut on a CD-ROM for
retailling. Since we don't have our own distributers newtwork we will be
collobarating with another firm for distribution. Is there any way of making
sure that the guy doesnt pull a fast on on us? Can we ensure that he cannot duplicate the thing and start selling it without sharing the profit. Or alternatively is there any protocol we could follow that will ensure a fair

@_date: 1996-05-18 11:23:19
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Securing CDROM from piracy 
You are missing the point. Lets say a firm X is marketing my product. Now if
they sell 500,000 copies and tell me that they have sold only 100,000, I have
no way of figuring out.

@_date: 1996-05-18 13:03:59
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Securing CDROM from piracy 
Enlighten me! keeping in mind that the distributer will be cutting the CD and
the customer will never be in contact with us.

@_date: 1996-11-10 11:18:15
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Proxies 
Is there a list of http proxy servers one could go through?
I think its a nice [rather sutle] way of achieving web.anonymity without using more apparent anonymizers....

@_date: 1996-11-25 10:18:41
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Forming a multinational 
Hi, I am physically located in India and want to start up a  US firm that will operate in India. Basically the firm will be a multonational with regional offices in couple of countries, to start with India and prolly one somewhere in Europe sometime later. The business involves a tie up with another US firm. These people will obviosly require USD payements, while most of the money we'll make will be in Indian rupees, since initially we'll be _actually_ operating only in India. The problems here are :
x. Can I, an Indian citizen start a US firm? x. Is it _legal_ to transfer Rupees funds to our root US firm and buy dollars with it to    pay our partners there?
x. Who will sell us USDs? Foreign Exchange offices? Firms like Accu-Rate?
x. What is the tax situation in US for non-citizens?
x. Is US the best place to start such a firm, primary need is to be able to pay dollars to US partner,
   while earning in rupees, without any legal hassles.   Any help will be appreiciated,

@_date: 1996-09-04 05:44:55
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: [NOISE] The Doors 
The Doors was not only about freedom and love, but about crypto too!
Notice these lines from the song "Five to One"
Old [cipher] gets old and young get stronger
May take a week baby, may take longer [to crack]
they've [clinton] got the guns and we've got the numbers
gonna win we will take 'em over, com'on.
- Vipul

@_date: 1996-09-07 18:35:31
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Reputations 
X-Sender: tcmay at mail.got.net
Precedence: bulk
X-Status: I'm evolving a hunch that the problems we're seeing with "old fogies"
denouncing the Net, and anonymity, and "smut on the Net," are part of a
larger cultural issue. Namely, the familiar case of an older generation
complaining about the sloth and sin of the younger generations.
(Caveat: I'm 44, so I'm certainly a generation older than many of you, and
am about the same age, give or take a few years, of Dyson, Metcalfe, Kapor,
Denning, and the other Net.Doomsayers. However, 20-25 years ago, when I was
in college, I recall of course similar predictions of disaster. (And as it
turned out, the predictions that promiscuity would lead to a disaster
turned out to be partly correct, viz. AIDS.))
Robert Metcalfe, inventor of Ethernet and founder of 3COM, and how
publisher of "Infoworld" and sailing enthusiast, was interviewed on CNBC a
few minutes ago. He repeated his prediction of an "Internet collapse" in
1996, based on overuse, on bad pricing models, on lack of controls, and on
other concerns.
It could be that the Dennings, Dysons, Kapors, etc. of the world are simply
growing jaded with the Net and are projecting their own ennui in their
comments that the Net may need to be controlled. This may come with age, as
I'm sure the Kapor of 25 years ago would not have wanted President Nixon
and Attorney-General Mitchell telling him what he could read and write.
(In fairness, none of these folks listed have called for censorship. But
all have expressed "concerns" of one sort or another. Not that discussing
concerns is inappropriate--after all, we do it all the time. But I sense in
many of their phrasings of concerns a stereotypical "old fogeyness"
Just a thought. Maybe the solution to the EFF problem is to "not trust
anyone over 30."
--Tim May (untrustable since 1981)
We got computers, we're tapping phone lines, I know that that ain't allowed.
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at got.net  408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Higher Power: 2^1,257,787-1 | black markets, collapse of governments.
"National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1996-09-14 03:20:05
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: "Unwanted Mail" 
I feel all "SPAM" related problems can be best addressed with a nice,
distributed reputation system which can hooked up with kill files etc.
Formal law is concerned with all kinds of physical and intellectual damages, and if SPAM can be categorised as physical/intellectual damage
then I see no reason why "the law" shouldn't interrupt. The problem
is that though the net believes in informal law, there is hardly any informal jurisdiction.  - Vipul

@_date: 1996-09-26 05:38:40
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Euro-Commission to tackle porn on Internet 
*** Euro-Commission to tackle porn on Internet
The European Commission, faced with calls to clamp down on Internet
pornography following a Belgian pedophilia scandal, will take a first
step in October toward seeing how it can be done. On Oct. 9, Culture
Commissioner Marcelino Oreja plans to unveil a paper outlining how to
identify authors of Internet pornography and how to interrupt that
pornography. Oreja said options raised in the paper include encrypting
access so that only those who pay could see the material or including
a V-chip to screen against pornographic content. For the full text
story, see - Vipul

@_date: 1997-08-14 08:08:54
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: TCM goes to city council 
i love they way your category of smartass nihilists (the _elite_ dispondent blockheads - btw these are proposed categories for my reputation system) talk about "anarchy" being analogous to someones mid-life browser crisis and at
the same time completely missing the point. ok, lemme explain what crypto-anarchy is and _what_ is the alternative system that some folks
"invented", while you were smoking up. this incedently reminds me of a conversation i had with this guy at college once, who insisted that i called him "razor" and was some sort of a self-proclaimed authority on freudian theories of conscioussness. he talks too much but is always willing to learn and wanted to know what the fuck is this "crypto" biz.
anyway I started it with a small introduction to the loose term "human nature" since he is familiar with that stuff and I think its a good place to start a discussion that has to with any sort of "human" system. The term "human nature" means that we guys have "volitional consciousness" which is synonymous to the concept of "self awareness" that is higlighted as the turning point of human existence in many eastern mystical texts. Which implies "choice" is the inescapable concequence of our nature and we need to make choices in order to exist. Those who choose poorly suffer or die. Theoretically this means that we need a "value system" to live (contrary to the popular belief ethics has hardly anything to do with "co"-existing) with the our standard of value as Life. In the social context, the "right to choose" is the basic human right.
And this was what mystics, collectivists, religious cults, popes and the governments decided to snatch at the point of a gun. And thats exactly the idea behind a virtual, cyberspacial society, physical coercion is invalid in this dimension. crypto provides the essential annonymity required to close/stonewall the system so that no one can trace your online avatar to your physical self. crypto-anarchy is thus a social setup where a virtual community of objects use crypto for annonymity, interaction and arbitration. one can think of crypto playing the government of the society. it arbitrates
by making fraud impossible. thats the basic idea. i suggest you look up the web, there are tons
of crypto resources. even though i am new to list i feel you certainly need to get yourself a straight education. i could have given you a wider introduction to the subject but i am tired. there are days when you keep bumping into these wierdo's you want to hit on the head and say "the universe
doesn't work that way". and these guys are tiring.

@_date: 1997-08-14 08:28:35
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Fuck the usenet cabal 
Is RSA in 3 lines of PERL an ITAR violation? Its more like "meta" code for bc
todo RSA. adam?

@_date: 1997-08-21 20:25:10
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: 3GW standards 
*** Battle over third generation wireless standards begins
In a scene reminiscent of Beta vs. VHS and Windows vs. Macintosh, a
technology battle among giant wireless industry manufacturers began
taking shape last week. The story, revealed in a report from
WirelessNOW, shows that makers of wireless gear are maneuvering for
position to set the standards for the next generation of wireless
Internet connectivity, multimedia applications and portable phone
services. What is precipitating this onslaught? Nothing less than the
control of a mega-billion dollar industry's future direction in what
is being called Third Generation Wireless (3GW) systems. (PR Newswire)
Story,

@_date: 1997-08-22 03:40:53
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: An end to "court appointed attorneys" 
the idea is that the "competent" (not "chosen") are irrevocably different from those other "incompetent and parasitical" (and not "unfortunate") creatures that accidentally share the same physical form.

@_date: 1997-08-24 04:08:13
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: US DoC on anonymizer 
Ah! The holy sanction.  What does this exactly mean?

@_date: 1997-08-24 04:34:28
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: An end to "court appointed attorneys" 
A law to collect "tribute" money will be supported by people who want to leech "competent" value producers of thier property. A collection of such incompetent parasites is a "herd" in the current context. On the other hand a collection of good value producer who dont want to live of other people and dont approve of a law that enforces such a behaviour is the "competent". Though, to identify competent from incompetent, is quite besides the point. Collection of any tribute money at a point of a gun, is a bad thing and is ethically wrong. I want call it
"cult" thinking. Its a simple _objective_ law that
ensures freedom of choice. And one has to identify it and learn to respect it. one has to identify and act accordingly if want to live peacefully.

@_date: 1997-08-28 03:22:59
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Study sees privacy lacking on government Web sites (fwd) 
*** Study sees privacy lacking on government Web sites
While the Clinton administration is pressuring companies with Internet
sites to respect the privacy of Web surfers, a new survey finds the
government itself is far from perfect regarding this issue. Almost
half the 70 Internet sites run by federal agencies collect data about
visitors, but most disclose nothing about how the information will be
used, according to OMB Watch. Privacy concerns arise on the Internet
because whenever a person using Web browsing software visits a site,
the site can collect information about the person, sometimes without
their knowledge. For the full text story, see

@_date: 1997-08-29 00:44:48
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: New service allows customers to track stolen PCs (fwd) 
*** New service allows customers to track stolen PCs
Absolute Software announced Wednesday the CompuTrace Online Monitoring
Service, a new service that provides CompuTrace customers with various
PC monitoring reports via a private, secured Internet website.
Customers will now have access to the whereabouts of their PCs via the
Online Monitoring Service from any location at any time. CompuTrace's
technology silently calls in to the CompuTrace Monitoring Center on a
regular basis. The activity is reported to customers on a regular
basis, or via the new CompuTrace Online Monitoring Service. (PR
Newswire) For the full text story, see

@_date: 1997-02-13 11:19:18
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: CompuServe reports e-mail court victory 
*** CompuServe reports e-mail court victory
CompuServe, after winning a court decision making unauthorized junk
e-mail illegal, responded Thursday to a report that Cyber Promotions,
Inc., a commercial mass e-mailer, would not accept a federal court's
halting of its spamming activities directed against CompuServe
subscribers. Cyber Promotions indicated that it would appeal the
decision, which follows the settlement of a similar suit. That
settlement allows Cyber Promotions to send junk e-mail to another
Internet service provider's members. CompuServe said its goal "was to
see this through to a binding court decision." For the full text
story, see

@_date: 1997-02-13 11:19:25
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: N.Y. judge rules for Planned Parenthood in web site case 
*** N.Y. judge rules for Planned Parenthood in web site case
A federal judge has temporarily stopped an abortion foe from
identifying his web site as belonging to Planned Parenthood and
selling an anti-abortion book from that home page. The temporary
restraining order, issued Wednesday, stops Richard Bucci from
identifying his home page as "Planned Parenthood's Home Page" and
using "plannedparenthood.com" as a domain name. Planned Parenthood,
which has its own web site, sued Bucci for trademark infringement. The
next hearing is slated for Feb. 20. For the full text story, see

@_date: 1997-02-13 11:58:38
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: CompuServe reports e-mail court victory 
*** CompuServe reports e-mail court victory
CompuServe, after winning a court decision making unauthorized junk
e-mail illegal, responded Thursday to a report that Cyber Promotions,
Inc., a commercial mass e-mailer, would not accept a federal court's
halting of its spamming activities directed against CompuServe
subscribers. Cyber Promotions indicated that it would appeal the
decision, which follows the settlement of a similar suit. That
settlement allows Cyber Promotions to send junk e-mail to another
Internet service provider's members. CompuServe said its goal "was to
see this through to a binding court decision." For the full text
story, see

@_date: 1997-02-13 12:11:16
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: N.Y. judge rules for Planned Parenthood in web site case 
*** N.Y. judge rules for Planned Parenthood in web site case
A federal judge has temporarily stopped an abortion foe from
identifying his web site as belonging to Planned Parenthood and
selling an anti-abortion book from that home page. The temporary
restraining order, issued Wednesday, stops Richard Bucci from
identifying his home page as "Planned Parenthood's Home Page" and
using "plannedparenthood.com" as a domain name. Planned Parenthood,
which has its own web site, sued Bucci for trademark infringement. The
next hearing is slated for Feb. 20. For the full text story, see

@_date: 1997-01-28 15:03:18
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Internet companies demonstrate portable security 
Internet companies demonstrate portable security
Six Internet companies have joined forces to develop a joint
demonstration of smartcard technologies at the 1997 RSA Data Security
Conference. Consensus Development Corporation, Gemplus,
Hewlett-Packard, Litronic Inc., Netscape Communications Corporation
and VeriSign, Inc., Monday announced "The Get Smartcard Demo." The
interactive demo will allow each conference attendee to load X509v3
certificates on crypto-enabled smartcards. Participants will interact
with the demo through mutually authenticated SSL connections and
document signing. For the full text story, see

@_date: 1997-01-28 15:17:10
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Child Porn 
*** NY student charged with sending child sex photos over Internet
Nathaniel Levy, a psychology major at New York State University, was
charged Wednesday with using the Internet to transmit photos of
infants having sex with adults, the New York state attorney general
said. Levy, who wanted to be a kindergarten teacher, was arrested for
promoting sexual performance of a child. If convicted he could receive
seven years in prison. Levy, whose computer name was "NateTSnake," was
released Wednesday on $20,000 bail. He allegedly transmitted 35
sexually explicit photos of children, some as young as 18 months. For
the full text story, see

@_date: 1997-01-28 16:26:28
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Child Porn 
*** NY student charged with sending child sex photos over Internet
Nathaniel Levy, a psychology major at New York State University, was
charged Wednesday with using the Internet to transmit photos of
infants having sex with adults, the New York state attorney general
said. Levy, who wanted to be a kindergarten teacher, was arrested for
promoting sexual performance of a child. If convicted he could receive
seven years in prison. Levy, whose computer name was "NateTSnake," was
released Wednesday on $20,000 bail. He allegedly transmitted 35
sexually explicit photos of children, some as young as 18 months. For
the full text story, see

@_date: 1997-01-28 16:28:08
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Internet companies demonstrate portable security 
Internet companies demonstrate portable security
Six Internet companies have joined forces to develop a joint
demonstration of smartcard technologies at the 1997 RSA Data Security
Conference. Consensus Development Corporation, Gemplus,
Hewlett-Packard, Litronic Inc., Netscape Communications Corporation
and VeriSign, Inc., Monday announced "The Get Smartcard Demo." The
interactive demo will allow each conference attendee to load X509v3
certificates on crypto-enabled smartcards. Participants will interact
with the demo through mutually authenticated SSL connections and
document signing. For the full text story, see

@_date: 1997-09-05 17:52:51
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: Don't ask for permission 
Exactly what happens in India. Dont ask for permission, ask for forgiveness. The govt doesn't want to sanction it. This could be becuase they might want to declare usage illegal at a latter time, or currently dont have the infrastructure to tap into people's communication, or the investment in such infrastructure is not justified at this time or they realize how entirely stupid it would be to legally restrict crypto usage. Whatever such a stand implies it manages to keep venture capitalists away from crypto products.

@_date: 1997-09-12 08:37:45
@_author: Vipul Ved Prakash 
@_subject: [fwd][news] Netscape meets gov't security standard 
*** Netscape meets gov't security standard
Netscape Communications Corporation announced Monday the National
Institute of Standards and Technology and the Canadian Security
Establishment validated the security code in Netscape Communicator
client software and Netscape SuiteSpot server software as meeting
Federal Information Processing Standards Publications 140-1, "Security
Requirements For Cryptographic Modules." Netscape is the only Internet
software vendor to comply with the FIPS 140-1 security standard, the
company said. (PR Newswire) See full story at
