
@_date: 2001-03-29 01:32:27
@_author: visitors@edgar-online.com 
@_subject: EDGAR Online makes SEC information printable. 
Greetings from EDGAR Online!
Your trial continues! Since registering for the two weeks free a couple of days ago, you've already received the IPO Express Daily Report, with an after-market overview of what's happening in the IPO market. But that's just the beginning (literally - an S-1 filed with the SEC is the first step when a company wants to go public). EDGAR Online offers you complete access to the business and financial data reported to the SEC throughout the year by over 15,000 U.S. public companies.
Interested in tracking your competition? Set up your EDGAR Online Personal portfolio at  Select your company, your entire industry or sector, your region, form types, or any combination of 10 factors that you need to monitor and you'll receive a real-time email alert about new filings that match your criteria.
Need to watch the IPO market? EDGAR Online IPO Express emails you Daily Reports and Weekly Summaries that recap the latest news and let you know what to expect in the weeks to come. IPO Express covers all IPOs, not just the big deals reported in the media.  Find out which companies have filed, priced, or are expected to go public now at  .
Are you looking for a job, a raise, or a new hire? EDGAR Online People Search gives you the details on the salaries, stock option plans, bonuses, and background of company executives and individuals mentioned in SEC filings. Find out what your peers are earning, what stock options other companies are offering, and what you should be asking for. Go to  We'll be contacting you throughout your trial with more information and helpful hints on how to get the most out of your free trial. After the two weeks, you can choose to become a subscriber for just $9.95 a month and maintain complete access to EDGAR Online.
Need your user name and password? Go to Questions? Email us at support at edgar-online.com.
Want to speak to a live person? Call toll free at 800 416 6651 (203 852 5666 outside the U.S.) Monday through Friday, from 9:00 am to 7:30 pm, ET.
Purchase Business/Credit Reports from Dun & Bradstreet on
over 11 million U.S. businesses. Click on the "Resources"
linkwhen you look up SEC filings for any public company,
or search by company name and state at
You are receiving this email as a registered user
of EDGAR Online. If you need your user name or password, go to For help or to end your free trial, contact support at edgar-online.com.
