
@_date: 2003-09-09 12:14:28
@_author: Dan Warschawski 
@_subject: Sr Network Security Engineers 
All, lots of questions in reference to the positions below so a blanket on what to expect for compensation:
Employee will have opportunity to participate in a 401k program
2 Weeks annual leave
Full medical and Dental
Tuition Reimbursement Program
All travel will be provided by the customer
Salary range will be in excess of $200k (negotiable)
Job Location
Baghdad, Iraq
Job Description
Our organization is now seeking individuals who are looking for a chance to exceed in a high paced, high stressed environment. This is a 1 year contract with the possibility of continued employment after term. This position is located in Baghdad Iraq supporting US And Coalition forces.
Seeking Senior Network Engineers to evaluate and assess network security posture on Combined Joint Task Force (CJTF) Iraq networks. The Engineers will be key advisors on all aspects of network security to include policy development and implementation. In addition the engineers will use all available tools to implement an aggressive security posture across the CJTF. The Engineers will provide hands-on network installation and support for WAN operations and LANs as required by the customer. This includes, installing, configuring, and maintaining multiple firewalls, IDS, and Border routers across the entire theater of operations. An extensive knowledge of the following is required Cisco IOS, ACL?s both standard and extended. Firewalls in particular Symantec Enterprise Firewalls, Symantec Velociraptor, Sidwinder, PIX. Intrusion Detection systems on multiple platforms. In addition the ability to implement and understand the use of TCPDUMP and WINDUMP is required.
Job Qualifications
Must have: Secret security clearance, with ability to obtain TS.
Needs: BS in engineering or hard science; CCNP required 3 yrs Cisco router configuration experience, Cisco IOS use; CCSP preferred. 3Years experience in firewall configuration; 7 years networking, including TCP\IP BGP, OSPF, EIGRP. Must have an in-depth understanding of at least one of the following platforms, Symantec Enterprise Firewall, Symantec Velociraptor, Sidwinder, PIX. Must have a demonstrated ability to deploy and manage Cisco Secure IDS, SNORT, and ISS RealSecure
The most personalized portal on the Web!
