
@_date: 1993-08-01 16:41:10
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Recent AP story... 
Apparently, a recent Congressional investigation has revealed widespread
misuse of the National Crime Information Center. The most scandalous
case occured when an ex-officer found his ex-girlfriend using the system
and killed her. In other cases, the girlfriend of a drug dealer ran all the new recruits
through the system to see if they were undercover agents. In many cases,
private investigators accessed the data for a number of different purposes. It is interesting to note that all of the access was caused by
insiders (as a previous poster noted ). These are the people we're going to trust with the Clipper technology?

@_date: 1993-08-27 10:57:52
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Key Escrow Anecdote... 
I was speaking with an international crypto consultant
who told me this story about a business with an office
in a South American country. They decided to start encrypting
their link. Within a week, a team of soldiers burst through
the door and smashed the encryption hardware to bits. On
the way out, they asked, "What are you trying to hide from us?"

@_date: 1993-02-09 05:22:03
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Convincing people the value of anonymity... 
I would think that many people who hang out on technical
newsgroups would be very familiar with the anonymous review
procedures practiced by academic journals. There is some value
when a reviewer can speak their mind about a paper without
worry of revenge. Of course everyone assures me that the system is never
really anonymous because there are alwys only three or four people qualified
to review each paper. :-) Perhaps we should go out of our way to make anonymous, technical
comments about papers and ideas in the newsgroups to fascilitate
the development of an anonymous commenting culture in cypberspace.
-Peter Wayner

@_date: 1993-02-17 15:30:07
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Gambling... 
If there is no "real" money involved then you might want
to consider running a betting operation on sports games
or some other popular betting activity. Of course, many of
us would probably rather bet on the release date of the 586 then
some random ball game because that is where our expertise lies... :-)

@_date: 1993-01-14 14:06:54
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: No Subject 
I often find it useful to think about these matters
by mapping them over to the real world. Anonymous remailers are really quite common. Here
are a few common sources:
1) Academic journals which review papers. These
often keep the names of the reviewers and the names
of the paper authors hidden to allow people the chnace to speak freely. 2) Newspapers with personals sections offer both
anonymous mailboxes and anonymous voiceboxes for
obvious reasons. 3) The WSJ also offers these advertisements for executive searches. 4) The Police, in some cities, maintain anonymous tip lines.
They also occasionaly offer cash rewards to these
anonymous tipsters. I think the NYPD has a anonymity office set
up to do just this.
I realize that the cypherpunk mailing list likes
to cloak itself in the romance of the counter
culture, but in moments like this it might make sense to think about how mainstream and
suburban and respectable the concept of
anonymous mailers can be. In many cases,
authority reacts to the perceived threat--
not to the threat itself. -Peter Wayner
