
@_date: 1992-12-13 19:08:48
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Random numbers (and big primes, too!) 
Actually, I may decide to talk my wife into running such a service. It will have at least one customer (me), and any more who want to buy primes
or key pairs, given the level of trust we can provide (moderate, but...).
Why, you ask?  Well, she's about to buy a new computer for her business,
as well as personal use, and the amount you can depreciate or expense depends
on the percentage of time you've used the machine for business.
Calculating primes can take a *large* percentage of your idle time,
and what matters for tax purposes are the percentages and whether you do or
don't make a profit for the year, not *which* activities of the same business
are profitable...
P.S. Yeah, I know, now that I've told you guys the secret, the bottom will
drop out of the market because you can generate primes faster on your Cray
than we can on a 386.  Sigh....

@_date: 1992-12-21 08:11:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Destroying Data (Re: Remailer Policies) 
Yanek points out that "rm" doesn't destroy data on disks, just inodes,
and that you have to overwrite the data to destroy it.  However,
he suggests that you do this by
as well as overwriting swap space and powering off RAM.  Won't work, and it's the hard way to do it: cat /dev/null produces zero bytes of output (there's a /dev/zero on
some systems which produces lots of bytes of zeros.)
If you're dealing with amateurs (i.e. local cops or maybe FBI, but not NSA/KGB,
who can take the disk apart and use fancy magnetic techniques),
you can get away with overwriting the data once with zeros or other stuff;
a simple approach is to create a file large enough to fill all the
unallocated space on the disk (either using /dev/zero or writing your own);
be sure to be root so you get the last 10% of a BSD file system.
For professionals, overwrite it once with 0s, once with 1s, and once with
some test pattern like Xs or /etc/termcap.  This still won't help
if there are bad blocks which the disk controller is mapping out
transparently to your system, of course, but amateurs can't read them.
Swap space is tougher - you'll need to look at how your kernel allocates it
to know how to fill it all up, or else zap it all after rebooting your system,
if this is practical.
The government's rules for handling, um, special data say that you either need
an officially approved software program, or an Official Big Magnet,
or else you need to physically destroy the magnetic media from the disk.
I don't like having Big Magnets near my lab, but sandblasting has a
real physicality to it, and floppy disks make this satisfying scrunch in a paper-shredder :-)  Needless to say, unless you're Ollie North, you shouldn't be shredding your data when the cops are busting you ...

@_date: 1992-12-23 15:31:40
@_author: Bill Stewart +1-908-949-0705 wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Signing ascii text 
The problem with signing whitespace-compressed canonicalized text isn't the loss of readability, since you can send the non-canonicalized version for humans.
The problem is that sometimes the white space IS significant
would acquire the same signature if you moved the Xs to different columns.
If we're going to treat white space in text as significant, we made need
to adopt a scheme such as MIME's =xx content-transfer-ncodings;
Otherwise we need to declare by fiat that white space is not significant unless protected by an encoding.

@_date: 1992-11-13 09:18:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Rander box and other stuff 
John Draper asked for comments on a proposed interface to the Rander box.
I would recommend using different characters to start and stop the
transmission; if you use one character for both it's easy to get out of sync.
^S and ^Q are traditional, of course, and hardware flow control is another
option (Perry's suggestion).  Of course, not everybody's machine handles
hardware flow control adequately.  If you've got a dip switch annyway,
you may want to use one switch to choose hardware or ^S/^Q.

@_date: 1992-11-18 19:16:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: PGP to SMTP mailer 
Embedding SMTP support into a PGP mail reader is the wrong approach,
though the DOS world seems to be going bananas over mail APIs.
You gain a lot of flexibility by separating the Mail User Agent,
which handles user interface, file storage, encryption and other decoding, etc.
from the Mail Transfer Agent function, which lets you send/receive PGP
messages over whatever mail systems you have available.
That way you don't need to write one PGP program for SMTP, another for
uucp, another for Fido, etc.  On the other hand, I'd be interested in seeing a PGP hook built into
Lotus Notes - does it have an open programming or file-transfer interface?
It seems to be multimedia netnews for the mundanes, and getting some flavor of Public-Key encryption out there could help spread the technology,
especially if Lotus were to license RSA support.

@_date: 1992-11-30 11:45:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: cypherpunks mailing list structure 
It's nice to have cypherpunks-announce existing.  A couple questions:
- will all the cypherpunks-announce traffic be gatewayed to cypherpunks?
  (alternatively, have all the cypherpunks subscribers been added to -announce?)
- will the new list be announced to sci.crypt, etc.? - we've already lost a
  number of subscribers from cypherpunks due to volume, so folks may have
  missed the announcement.
I've been getting swamped by the number of postings coming in through the day,
and we seem to have been losing a lot of people.  It's getting hard to
find my "real" mail in the clutter.
An alternative structure, which libernet uses, is to have both batch and
reflection subscriptions - batch folks get one digest a day, (produced automatically rather than by-hand as with some digest), which has the
articles in alphabetic-by-Subject order to provide some continuity.
Would it be possible for cypherpunks to do the same?

@_date: 1992-11-30 14:47:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Unlabelled PGP messages 
Hal Finney points out some problems with unlabelled messages,
where the headers don't identify the public key by keyid -
remailers include your email address, while newsgroups / broadcasts
might have a LOT of articles, such that decrypting them to see if they're
for you would be impractically slow.  Some techniques that may help:
- a remailer-to-newsgroup anonymous poster, which lets you
- include an optional non-address label along with the unlabelled message.
- The Conventional Data Encryption (DEK) packet includes a checksum,

@_date: 1992-10-23 07:55:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman 
Unfortunately, Diffie-Hellman *is* patented, and I'm pretty sure Public Key Partners
(closely related to RSA) holds the patent, just as they hold RSA's.
To quote Steve Bellovin: So we're stuck with it being patented until 1997.
Too bad - I was starting to think along the same lines about doing a D-H-based mailer.
It's non-trivial, if you have to worry about active eavesdroppers swapping
mail messages on you, and it's easier to do if there's a trusted Key Distribution
Center, and if you think about all the cases carefully you tend to re-create
either Needham-Schroeder or the Everhart-Osborn Bell Labs patent (~1980++),
but you can certainly do it for the common case that says the Bad Guys are
only listening to your mail and not tampering with it.

@_date: 1993-04-14 10:46:44
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: FWEE!  Re: alt.whistleblowers 
The problem is that alt.whistleblowers is technically more complex
than just creating an alt.group and having one anon.poster site -
we need to resolve issues of secure mail standards (e.g. should
the system use RIPEM or just PGP, are there any non-US sites with RIPEM
so that non-US anon.poster sites can use it, should there be multiple
anon.sites and should they do remailing between them, etc.)
Otherwise we may end up with a single point of failure,
and if it's any good, it will at least get its mail watched,
if it doesn't get raided - traffic analysis is important here.
Are we only going to use anon.posting sites, or are forged postings
also going to be an acceptable technique?  Do we at least need to publish a guide to forging mail headers so your mail to the
anon.poster can appear to come from kremvax or whitehouse.com?
Let's try to get a good idea of what we want to do before dropping
it into alt.config.
This isn't the 8th Dimension, we're somewhere over New Jersey

@_date: 1993-04-16 22:52:28
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Big Bubba's Wiretapping Directive 
While I don't share Sandy Sandfort's wild optimism, at least steganography
becomes a bit easier - the default assumption is about encrypted material becomes "Oh, it's just encrypted with the Tapper Chip, we can break it later"
rather than "Oh, boy, it's encrypted, we can confiscate his computer!",
and if it gets taken to court, and the wiretap approved by the Rubber Stamp Agency and then isn't able to be decrypted, the average person can say
"I don't understand how the Secret Government Wiretapping Chip works, so I can't tell you what's wrong here!"
On the more technical side, what precisely does the Mykotoxin chip *do*?
Does it generate random keys for DES/etc., saving a copy for later?
Or does it actually *do* the encryption with some classified algorithm?
If it's the former, the user could presumably replace it with a pin-compatible
non-wiretapping random number generator, unless there's some requirement
that export-approved systems have soldered-in chips, and a foreign-made
version might be compatible with US phones while not being tappable.
On the other hand, if the MicroToker chip actually *does* encryption,
whether secret-key or RSA or other public-key, or some other essential
part of the encryption process, then you *have* to use it to be compatible.
Assuming the US approves it for widespread use in phones, etc.,
it provides an incentive for everybody in the world to use it,
especially if the Feds agree to share keys with their fellow governments
who can wiretap their own citizens, and gives a boost to the balance of trade by being one product that you've got to buy from the US.
Some questions that Clinton's Q&A blatantly stepped around are
"When the Two Agencies approve the wiretap, *what* conversations become "Once one government group has YOUR phone wiretap key from the Two Agencies,
"What if they make a mistake on a tap - do you have to buy a new phone
We *do* have to try to control the language here - the Clintonistas
are referring to the subjects of a hypothetical wiretap as
but we ought to redirect it to
so people remember we're talking about them and their privacy.
It might also be good for us to give examples like
"The IRS suspects you're cheating on your income tax so they want to because it feels like something that might happen to THEM.

@_date: 1993-04-19 21:35:53
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Is 40 bits too little? 
Yes, 40 bits would be too little, especially since you can probably tell
if you've got the correct key by the form of the data, but they're actually
generating your 80-bit key as the XOR of two other 80-bit numbers,
and searching 2**80 still takes reasonably long.  Unfortunately,
the method of generating the two 80-bit numbers is disturbingly suspect;
see articles in sci.crypt and alt.privacy.clipper posted by Steve Bellovin
and somebody with email from Martin Hellman and Dorothy Denning.

@_date: 1993-04-20 10:35:05
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Wiretapping chip: vid clips & sound bites 
I strongly agree with Ray Cromwell's suggestions that we consistently
refer to "the wiretap chip", and avoid "drug dealer" examples.
One that might be closer to home when you need an example is
It's within the range of things people imagine could happen to them,
and it makes the point that it's *their* phone that's being trapped,
not some public enemy bogeyman.  Making it personal is important...
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-04-22 15:37:31
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Info on Mykotronx 
Harry Shapiro said he wasn't able to find much information on Mykotronx.
The San Francisco Chronicle says it's a "little-known company in Torrance, CA";
"Mykotronx Inc., founded in 1979 by two former engineers from TRW Inc.,
already sells classified encryption chips to protect satellite communications."
"San Jose-based VLSI Research Inc. will manufacture the chip, called the Clipper.
VLSI was chosen largely because it has a unique manufacturing process that
makes it nearly impossible to take the chip apart and decode it."
The Washington Times says that "Government engineers at NSA and [...] NIST
designed and developed the chip, which was then produced by privately owned
Mykotronx and a publicly traded subcontractor, VLSI Technology."
In their discussion of comments by Ted Bettwy, exec VP of Mykotronx,

@_date: 1993-04-22 16:00:36
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Verbosity by Mail from NIST 
I called the phone number for NIST given in one of the announcements,
and was routed to Sherry Hankey 1-301-975-2820, who faxed me their
package of information they're sending out.  There's no new technical
information (Dorothy Denning's article and some non-technical viewgraphs),
but there's a lot of newspaper clippings, pro and con, the announcements
we've seen on the net from Clinton, Q&A, etc., and what look like
viewgraphs from a couple of talks.  Overall, it looks like they don't know
much more than we do :-).   One talk is
which is basically the announcements turned into viewgraphs
(if I've sucessfully decoded the tangle of fax paper :-).
Another part of the package looks like another talk,
which covers Wiretap cases by the FBI and other agencies,
including a summary table for 1982-1991 of State and Federal wiretap
authorizations, arrests, and convictions (there's a footnote that
reporting of convictions seems to substantially lag actual convictions,
though the ration of arrests to convictions has decreased, averaging
2:1 over 10 years, 3:1 recently.)  Most wiretaps are State and local, not FBI.
Cases they cited included the usual drug dealing and money laundering,
a judge taking bribes, a Chicago street gang El Rukn proposing to
shoot down an airliner for the Libyans, some Mafiosi, a RICO case
against the Concrete and Cement Workers Union "Prevented economic loss $585Mil",
some fraud in defense contracting and health care contracting, and
the Masters of Disaster "computer hackers" case.
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-04-26 21:35:30
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Mykotronx and VLSI data sheets 
The data sheets arrived today!   (Steve - I gave Matt a copy; I can fax it to you if yours hasn't shown) (Cypherpunks - Mykotronx 310-533-8100 fax-0527, VLSI 408-434-3100 fax-263-2511)
The VLSI material didn't have anything Clipper-specific -
lots of stuff on their ASIC libraries and chips, and some information on their tamper-proof technology.  Their DES chip does 192 Mb/s, and they've
got a vocoder chip for 13 kb/s GSM as well as 32 kb/s ADPCM G.721,
ARM RISC, Z80 cores, high-speed comms stuff, PC support ASICs, etc.
The Mykotronx material was interesting.  It was about 18 pages long,
and there are functional diagrams, pinouts, timing diags, command sets.
It looks like there may be two versions, one commercial, one industrial-hard.
The chip is 28-pin PLCC, with 4 bits control input, 8 leads for input/
output/config/status/test/alarm depending on command, the usual power,
clock, strobe, busy, reset, and alarm leads, and two leads for
higher-voltage write-once PROM.  The internal clock is 15 MHz, and I'm
not sure how fast it goes if you clock it externally (it uses the internal
clock when it's doing the fun stuff, but can use externals for I/O, etc.)
It looks like the encryption phase takes 64 clock cycles, but I'm not an electrician so I can't guarantee that that's what the timing diags mean;
if that's the case it would seem to be slower than 16 mb/s throughput
given I/O time?
There are 5 functional blocks: controller, algorithm, Data Bus Buffer,
self-test, and clock.  There's an internal data bus (how wide? 8 bits?)
with the controller, data buffer, and external clock accessible from outside,
the self-test generating two output leads only, and the algorithm block
isolated (only connected to the bus and self-test.)
The basic sequence of operations, once the chip has booted and tested,
is that you feed commands to initialize cryptographic variables (key, IV),
tell it to encrypt or decrypt, strobe in data, let it crunch, and strobe
out results.  It's picky about getting commands in the right order, and rejects anything it isn't willing to do for security reasons.  It can operate in 7 different modes: ECB-64, CBC-64, OFB-64, CFB-64/32/16/8.
The number of bytes read or written depends on the mode, but I was interested
to find that I couldn't tell from the data sheets how many bytes that is,
which either means they deliberately aren't telling us where the wiretap block is or else they assume that the Output Buffer Full and Input Buf Empty
leads are all you care about; I'll try to find a tasteful way to ask them.
- Reset
- Write Random Seed - must be done at startup; there's a pseudo-random - Write Config Register - done second, picks operating mode.
- Write Crypto-Variable (CV) (loads 10 bytes key, 3 bytes checksum,
- Write Initialization Vector (IV) - you can load it or generate.
- Generate IV - using the pseudo-random.  Outputs to data bus when done.
- Start Encrypt Block - read data off bus, crunch, wait for Read Output, IDLE
- Read Output - strobes out output
- Start Decrypt Block - read data, crunch, wait for Read Output, repeat
- Terminate Encrypt/Decrypt - stop doing encryption (IDLE?)
- Save Current State - output 8 bytes of state to data bus
- Restore Current State - input 8 bytes of state from data bus
- Read Status Register - outputs to bus
- Read Test/Alarm Register - outputs to bus
- Write Test/Alarm Register - read from bus, do tests
If you want to order a copy, they were pretty quick about delivering it.
The person I talked to was John Droge, VP, Program Development.
Approximate prices are $30 (qty. 10,000), no mention of engineering samples,
quotations on a case-by-case basis for now.
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-04-29 18:29:14
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
(I'm replying to cypherpunks, since other people may run into
similar problems, and there *are* good ways to solve them.)
Let's assume for the moment that you don't care about being exportable, so "legal" only means "Ok with RSA".  RSAREF is ok with RSA for
non-commercial, non-exportable use, and if you want to use it commercially
they'll give you a price.  It's got most of the subroutines you need,
and if some non-Yankee writes a version with a compatible interface
(to avoid copyright problems; patents aren't an issue outside the US)
they can probably use the non-RSA parts of your code.
I'm not sure exactly which routines in RSAREF the license lets us use,
(so I've written to RSA to ask them), but the ones that ARE clearly usable
let you do Sign/Verify on a block, and DES-with-random-session-key-and-
signature-with-RSA-session-key-encoding (aka R_SealPEMBlock/R_OpenPEMBlock.)
This gives you all you need to build standalone systems (compatibility
is another story), though sometimes it's a big and clunky approach
when a simple RSAEncrypt/Decrypt would have done. For example, your POP client needs to solve three main problems
1) Login authentication
2) Message encryption during transmission
3) preventing bogus deletes or other problems if your session gets hijacked.
3) probably isn't possible without changing the protocols or running over an
1) The current POP protocols have the user send a USER message,
2) can either be accomplished by encrypting each message as with         each message.  The latter approach is obviously	faster.
The main feature from PGP that this doesn't provide is authentication
of public keys, but that's not really a problem in a POP environment -
you have to deal with the administrator to set up your mailbox,
so you can exchange keys at that time. If you wanted to build a mechanism like PGP's web of trust for keys,
it's not too hard, though the obvious approaches will probably have
the painful slowness of PGP2.0 instead of the blazing speed of PGP2.2 :-)
You've got a block signature routine, so you use messages saying
with appropriate amounts of ASCII armoring and delimiters, and sign them.
This would be a very practical addition to RIPEM, if anybody's in the mood;
RIPEM's key server isn't integral to the package.

@_date: 1993-04-30 14:34:13
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: clip.txt on NIST ftp 
csrc.ncsl.nist.gov has some new uploads in /pub/nistnews,
including Krammer(NIST)'s testimony to Markey, and clip.txt,
a more recent Clipper description.  It's short enough I'm
attaching it below; the interesting part in Section 5
is that it says the wiretap block has 80-bit session key
crypted with unit key, 25-bit serial number!, and 23-bit
"authentication pattern" making a total of 128 narc bits.
It also gets transmitted "at least once" to the receiver.
Also, chip prices include "programmed and unprogrammed" -
I wonder if real people will be able to buy them unprogrammed?
------ clip here -----
                     CLIPPER CHIP TECHNOLOGY
CLIPPER is an NSA developed, hardware oriented, cryptographic
device that implements a symmetric encryption/decryption
algorithm and a law enforcement satisfying key escrow system. While the escrow management system design is not completely
designed, the cryptographic algorithm (SKIPJACK) is completely
specified (and classified SECRET).
The cryptographic algorithm (called CA in this paper) has the
following characteristics:
     1.   Symmetric, 80-bit key encryption/decryption algorithm;
     2.   Similar in function to DES (i.e., basically a 64-bit
          code book transformation that can be used in the same
          four modes of operation as specified for DES in FIPS
          81);
     3.   32 rounds of processing per single encrypt/decrypt
          operation;
     4.   Design started by NSA in 1985; evaluation completed in
          1990.
The CLIPPER CHIP is just one implementation of the CA.  The
CLIPPER CHIP designed for the AT&T commercial secure voice
products has the following characteristics:
     1.   Functions specified by NSA; logic designed by
          MYKOTRONX; chip fabricated by VLSI, Inc.:  manufactured
          chip programmed (made unique) by MYKOTRONX to security
          equipment manufacturers willing to follow proper
          security procedures for handling and storage of the
          programmed chip; equipment sold to customers;
     2.   Resistant to reverse engineering against a very
          sophisticated, well funded adversary;
     3.   15-20 MB/S encryption/decryption constant throughout
          once cryptographic synchronization is established with
          distant CLIPPER Chip;
     4.   The chip programming equipment writes (one time) the
          following information into a special memory (called
          VROM or VIA-Link) on the chip:
          a.   (unique) serial number
          b.   (unique) unit key
          c.   family key
          d.   specialized control software
     5.   Upon generation (or entry) of a session key in the
          chip, the chip performs the following actions:
          a.   Encrypts the 80-bit session key under the unit key
               producing an 80-bit intermediate result;
          b.   Concatenates the 80-bit result with the 25-bit
               serial number and a 23-bit authentication pattern
               (total of 128 bits);
          c.   Enciphers this 128 bits with family key to produce
               a 128-bit cipher block chain called the Law
               Enforcement Field (LEF);
          d.   Transmits the LEF at least once to the intended
               receiving CLIPPER chip;
          e.   The two communicating CLIPPER chips use this field
               together with a random IV to establish
               Cryptographic Synchronization.
     6.   Once synchronized, the CLIPPER chips use the session
          key to encrypt/decrypt data in both directions;
     7.   The chips can be programmed to not enter secure mode if
          the LEF field has been tampered with (e.g., modified,
          superencrypted, replaced);
     8.   CLIPPER chips will be available from a second source in
          the future;
     9.   CLIPPER chips will be modified and upgraded in the
          future;
     10.  CLIPPER chips presently cost $16.00 (unprogrammed) and
          $26.00 (programmed).

@_date: 1993-08-02 18:21:33
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: Encrypted BBS? 
You've got to think about what threats you're trying to protect against.
- Confiscated Machine - this can be done today with commercial products, a no-brainer.
- Wiretapping - there are tons of possible solutions, at varying amounts of work.
- Untrusted users - if there may be narcs on your box, you've got to give
- Untrusted Sysadm - if *you* may be a narc :-), your users can include

@_date: 1993-08-02 18:32:39
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: Skipjack Panel 
I'll disagree with Mr. Thug.  It probably *is* in the interests of
the National Spook Agency to have the SkipJack algorithm secure;
they've taken too much heat in the past for DES, and if they can't
convince enough of us that we can trust them, we'll all use real
encryption products from independent vendors, or at least triple-DES.
The Key Escrow business strikes me as major sleight of hand,
but even if they don't steal the keys somewhere in that process,
they can change to rules so they can get them from the experts.
Obviously they could hide weaknesses anywhere in the system,
but the SkipJack part is pretty clean, and trapdoors in the chip itself
are a lot of trouble to use compared to the escrow process.
Right now they're trying to draw everybody's attention to the
foot-thick concrete walls and roof, and the final release of the report
will emphasize the heavy steel door with the big bulletproof
neon sign saying "COPS ONLY" and the elaborate ceremony for opening the two case-hardened real-estate-agent locks on the doors,
so you forget to notice that they've already made a spare copy of the key,
and maybe you can pop the unbreakable titanium pins out of the hinges as well.
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-08-04 19:58:22
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: InfoWorld Letter 
Paul Goggin sent the list a copy of Steven Fisher's letter to InfoWorld about
NSA harassment for offering commercial crypto back in 1981.
The NSA is supposedly a bit better behaved these days, at least in public :-),
but it's no surprise.  Sometime around then, they slapped patent secrecy
orders on a guy who had designed an analog scrambler for CB radio;
a real crypto-system must have been a much more significant threat to them.
A couple of comments were interesting:
One was the assertion in the letter he received from the BATF that their
product, as munition, could not only not be exported, but could also not
be sold to *multinational companies*.  Was that the law then?  Or was the
BATF just a bit over-enthusiastic about what they could get away with?
It's also interesting that it was the BATF.
Another was that the NSA asked them to put in a trapdoor.  These days,
escrow is the politically correct way of implementing a trapdoor, but -
I wonder if it would be possible to make a trapdoor/weak escrow system,
which escrows the keys for *some* kinds of keys, enough to make the
bureaucrats think it's ok, but which also has a class of keys for which the
escrow is non-effective, bogus, or otherwise doesn't let the cops in,
which could be revealed to users after the system has been approved and sold?
Perhaps a system which requires 2**N steps to retrieve most keys from
escrow, but has a small set that can be gotten quickly for demos?
Could you do a system like that and hide it from the NSA for a while?
Some alternative approaches would be a system that obscured the escrow
(easy to build from clipper if you've got a programmable phone;
you just encrypt the Wiretap Field with your session key),
or worked fine with a bogus Wiretap Field, or a system where the escrow
can be made ineffective administratively (either lost by the escrow agents,
or requiring the participation of the telephone owner, or tampered by the owner)
At the very minimum, having a system that doesn't let the NSA cheat during the
escrow process would be a good start - where each part of the escrow key
is really installed separately, and verifiable hardwarily-random numbers are
used to seed the key generation.
Since the NSA\b\b\bNIST hasn't announced their plans for how to select
escrow agents, much less who they are, or how they *really* plan to set the keys,
I suppose it's premature to ask them to announce what the rules will be
for approval of escrow procedures or agencies or guarantee that if you follow
them, you'll be allowed to export your products?  :-)
Bill Stewart wcs at anchor.ho.att.com +1-908-949-0705 fax-4876
ROT13 public key available upon request

@_date: 1993-08-09 14:06:39
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: ANON: Re: how does it work 
Perry says:
While you're at it, another source for traffic analysis is DNS requests;
you may want to cache these for the sites you commonly connect to,
or at least put a DNS server on your machine to do some caching.
In a mature environment, most of your anonymous traffic will go to
other remailers anyway, but might as well cut down on the logging opportunities.

@_date: 1993-08-11 19:27:28
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: Secure voice software issues 
I downloaded a copy of the GSM 06.10 software (gsm-1.0) from some machine
at Technische Universitat Berlin, tub.cs.tu-berlin.de, which does
a 13.3 kb/s voice coding, and has conversion for Sun, linear, mu-law, and A-law.
(Jutta Degener and Carsten Bormann, Copyright 1992.)
It runs in two different modes - a strictly-follow-the-standards mode
and a cheat-a-little-using-floating-point mode.
In standard mode, piping the compressor into the decompressor ran epsilon faster
than real time on a Sparcstation 2, and epsilon slower on a Sun ELC.
Cheating mode took about 2/3 as long as standard mode.
Looked like it was fairly portable.  I compiled it with GCC.
One of the readmes says that compression and decompression run faster than
realtime on Sparcs, but I assume that means doing just one at a time,
not both simultaneously.  As is typical, the decompression is about
twice as fast as the compression.  I assume it won't be quite fast enough
on a 486 box, but a "Version 1.0" of anything can often be made faster;
I haven't looked at the algorithm to see how much optimizing can be done,
but the code's cleanly written and has a bunch of medium-sized tables and
unrolled loops suggesting they've at least done some work on speed.
Both of these were on samples that were a little fancier than /dev/tty voice;
one was /usr/demo/SOUND/sounds/sample.au, and one was the 106.au
"It's 106 miles to Chicago, we've got a full tank of gas...." Blues Brothers sound-byte from the net.  Haven't tried it on other samples
yet, and I need to try running it across the net.
I also don't have two 14.4kbs external modems to play with on Sparcs,
so I haven't been able to verify which V.42/V.42bis/MNP options will let
you squeeze out the start/stop bits to let you fit 13.3 kbps of data over it,
but people tell me it should work ok.

@_date: 1993-08-12 08:28:20
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: [uk.transport] Speed Camera with OCR 
Rick Tait, R.Tait at bnr.co.uk, reports Marcus Reynold's note that there's a new
There's a lot of automated-highway research going on; most of it has
been oriented towards radio+smartcards, which are easy to make accurate,
and while they're not totally cheap, you can palm off much of the cost
on the car-owner and use cheap equipment in the tollbooth.
License-plate reading in real time is tough, if you're trying to get both
speed and accuracy from a video image of a moving car;
our neural-net folks were looking into it about three years ago, and it seemed like they'd be pretty good at it if they could
get a bit more funding:-) ; they've mainly been concentrating on
envelope-readers for Post Offices and railroad-car identifiers.
Embarrassing speeders is a special case, because the accuracy doesn't
really have to be 100% - you catch the cars on video, so if you
decide to prosecute anybody, you can have a human read the picture
and verify that you had the right license plate number.
Meanwhile, back on the road, if your computer misidentifies
the speeding driver half the time, he may assume the speed trap
was nicking the other fast car next to him, and you've
scared a lot of other drivers into slowing down because
it *looks* like you've could have nicked them;
so you've accomplished the safety objective.
It's scary stuff, because the technology is mostly there,
and a government that wanted to pay for development could get it done
by a number of research companies.  If it's too expensive for widespread
use now, computer horsepower keeps getting cheaper every year,
especially when what you need is DSP-crunchers and gate-arrays for
neural nets, rather than general-purpose systems.
Meanwhile, the smartcard people are mostly not using digicash,
they're using no-privacy systems and appealing to the convenience
for the commercial driver, whose company probably doesn't object.
Dave Mandl comments:
A number of years ago, Ohio tried a system that displayed your speed
(but not your license plate) as you went by - they quickly discovered
that they had to cut off the display at something like 80 or 85 MPH
to prevent just that effect (though adding the license plate number
would cut down on the exhibitionism a bit.)

@_date: 1993-08-13 14:38:29
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: Beepers can also be used to track you down! 
There is one way to track someone with a beeper - you call them,
leave your number, and trace the call if they call back.
It doesn't work for people who only accept calls from certain numbers
(mid-level drug dealers, for instance) or use other authentication
(voice pagers, or codes you dial along with the number),
and it's worth calling them from a pay phone in case they recognize
the usual pay-phone numbers (if you live in an area where you can
still call back to a pay-phone.)
It's not generally possible to locate specific beepers from the miniscule amount
of IF that they generate, especially since many of them work by listening to
a standard frequency and only beeping if there's a specific message sent
to alert that user; at most you could find someone using that beeper company.
As an extreme case, consider Skypage, which is satellite-based :-)
On the other hand, if you're trying to figure out which of the  hanging around on the street corner
is the drug dealer, and you know the popular local beeper companies'
frequencies and addressing, you _could_ set up a transmitter that
loops through the addresses and see who pulls out a beeper and heads
for the pay phone....  It may take a while if the beepers support
10,000 or 4 billion addresses, but you can limit your search a bit if the
beeper company or stool pigeons have provided you the numbers of the
usual suspects...  Sounds like a good reason to design a paging system
with a large sparse address space to prevent brute-force searches,
and not to key the address directly off your home phone number
or anything obvious like that.

@_date: 1993-08-14 13:46:43
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: Electronic Democracy 
An anonymous personage writes
Yeah, though representative government is four wolves voting on _which_ sheep
to have for lunch.  Any time power is available, it can be abused;
it's nice to be working on systems that allow people to do transactions
without providing additional information which can be abused.

@_date: 1993-08-18 08:05:44
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Private legal tender 
Writing anonymously, Sugarplum suggests:
The problem with this is that the bank or clerks aren't accountable -
they can pocket the snail-cash and not send the digicash just as they could if you snailmailed cash to a conventional account.
If you're sending non-accountable-by-sender cash, you need some way to get
a receipt.  If you're mailing a check or digicash, you have a way to repudiate the transaction or at least make a claim against them,
or if you can go in to the bank in person for the transactions with cash.
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-08-19 16:51:31
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Fiat currency: Re:  Electracy: Evil Revisited 
(Most of this is diatribe, and I wasn't sure whether to Cc: cypherpunks,
but there's some relevance to creating digital currency near the end.)
Gack, sputter, foo, bletch!
The currency system works so *badly* because it's trusted to an elite
who can abuse it for their own power and enrichment.
It works as well as it does because currency *is* a market,
so it's subject to the usual price (all the market will bear)
and power is subject to the usual limits (overabuse leads to revolution),
and the elite is competent enough to know how much it can get away with.
Yes, an incompetent elite is usually worse (e.g. the old Argentina or Israel),
and democratically controlled fiat currency is inherently incompetent
(the Golgafrinchians in HHGTTG declaring leaves to be money, etc.,
and their current US version, the Populist Party.)
But fiat currency, anywhere, any time, can always be abused, and eventually is.
Hard currency, such as gold, or silver, is subject to market fluctuations,
but there's some inherent value, and a fair amount of local stability.
Consumable commodity currencies, such as tobacco, alcohol, cows, and grain, have their obvious drawbacks, but they're very useful in pre-industrial societies (including the US up to the mid-1800s), and use reappears in
badly trashed economies (immediate post-WWII Germany, when the alternative
was fiat scrip deutschmarks, which were rapidly being printed and inflating.)
In all of the non-fiat systems, the value of the "currency" is variable,
but *you* decide what value *you* place on it, relative to the market.
In fiat systems, *somebody else* (maybe "everyone", maybe an oligarchy)
decides not only what value they place on it, but what value YOU must place on it.
It's backed, not by trust, but by theft and threat of violence or default;
witness the US confiscations of gold and legal tender laws, or the current Russian replacement of old rubles with limited quantities of new ones.
Non-fiat soft currencies, including Green Stamps, private banknotes, etc.
work ok because the issuers realize they are subject to the constraints
of the market, so they have to maintain the goodwill of their customers,
either through backing with harder currencies, goods or services, or through expectations of future backing with them.  That's easiest to
maintain if you're a provider of services, or if you're (for example)
providing a convenient storage/exchange of other currencies.
In addition to US and other government fiat currency, I also use
a variety of private currencies - checks and credit cards,
which are agreements to provide quantities of real silver money,
(or substitute Federal Reserve private banknotes instead); New York Subway Tokens
and New Jersey freeway toll tokens, which are agreements to provide services;
Joe's Coffee Pot money, which is an agreement to provide addictive drugs :-).
I know and trust Joe, and he'll either provide the coffee out of the
accumulated coffee profits, or his own pocket, and I'd only be out a buck
if he defaults anyway.  I somewhat know and distrust the New York and New Jersey
transportation bureaucracies, but they'd take too much political heat if
they defaulted, and the price for their services never decreases :-),
so I'm willing to risk 1-20 bucks, and tokens are a bit cheaper than cash in NJ.
I use credit cards mainly for convenience; merchants are willing to
give me stuff in return for my signature on a credit card bill
because they trust the credit card provider to generally pay up.
Merchants in the US generally accept US traveller's checks, because they
can get cash for them cheaply and quickly; merchants in Central or Eastern Europe
either didn't take them, or gave me less than face value for them.
If we're going to start using digicash, and want people to accept it in
return for goods and services, we either need to back it with services
(like email or remailing or software support or freeway tolls), or we need
to back it with other-currency transport/delivery/storage services the way
credit cards and travellers checks do, or find some other reason for
people to want the digicash and trust its value-stability.
I agree with most of what you say there.  I'd be happy to have a system
where the public could BLOCK new legislation, or get rid of old legislation,
but just not make new stuff; the catch is how to implement it in a way
that doesn't get the positives and negatives mixed up.

@_date: 1993-08-23 10:21:34
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: "Secure Voice" 
The ZyXel has a 68xxx and a DSP chip.  It's able to digitize and compress voice,
and also to play back digitized voice, and also to do 9600/14400 modeming,
but it can't do all three at once.  To build a secure voice phone with Zyxels,
you'd need either 2 or 3 modems - one to handle the modem functions,
one to compress the voice, and either the same or a separate one to play voice.
But it's a good start.
What I'd like to see is a SoundBlaster followon with a DSP chip.
It IS possible to get DSP boards for PCs and I think for Macs,
so you could build a system easily enough with a DSP board and a SoundBlaster,
but the last time I checked, the DSP boards tended to be expensive
and packaged with lots of fancy waveform analysis tools.

@_date: 1993-08-24 13:41:56
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: syntax for cut lines 
Mr. Anonymous sent the following to cypherpunks, through one remailer:
And it worked... I would recommend one change to the handling of cut lines like --ignore-- :
- leave the cut line in the message, just cut the stuff after it
This lets you use one --ignore-- line to chop of any trailers from multiple
remailers, so you don't risk building up a trail.  Getting rid of the first one is obviously the most critical, but the rest can also be a risk.
Also, someone has commented that most people who use anonymous remailers
test them by sending a message to themselves before sending it to their
real destination.  If your intended recipient is on the same system
or group of systems that you are, this is a traffic analysis risk...

@_date: 1993-12-01 13:28:19
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: signing nyms 
Under the conditions Deadbeat described (long tradition of posting from
anon-server with pgp signatures/keys, keys on the key server, etc.,
I might be willing to sign such a key.  I wouldn't use my regular key
to do it - I'd create one or more nym-signing keys, so people could tell
that I know I'm signing a nym's key and it's less reliable than
signing a physically-known person's key.  To do it right, though,
I'd have to have been saving keys for a while from that nym, since
it's really hard to tell if a set of postings have really been from
the same source, or if it's just a recent impersonation.
I'd certainly need to send mail to the nym through the anon-server.
I'd be a lot more comfortable, though, with a signature from the
anon-server runners, since they at least know the real-side email address,
and since they could also do something like automatic collection of
signatures.  It's still tappable, though, unless the anon-server only
accepts encrypted mail on the non-anonymous side.

@_date: 1993-12-06 20:40:11
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Digicash question 
One problem with your proposal is that at *some* point you want to be able
to get *real* cash for your digicash - at that point you've got to give
the bank the password, but also an account to deposit the cash into
(or equivalent), and at that point the bank can compare it with
the original owner of the bill.  You not only have to trust them to
not rip off the money, you have to trust them to not give away
the information, which may be tough if the government requires it.
Another problem is that:  Suppose Alice gives the password to Bob,
who gives it to Carol, and then Alice spends the cash before Carol can get it - you don't know if Alice or Bob ripped you off.
Alice could also try spending it before Bob deposits it,
but that's an issue for any offline cash protocol, though this
appears to give you less protection.
Different denominations aren't much of a problem - you need something
like that anyway.  Having each separate coin have a separate number
registered with the bank is somewhat more annoying than some of Chaum's
schemes, where you could prove the coin had been signed by the bank
but the bank didn't (and couldn't) track the coins.
Another trusting-the-bank problem is what happens if the
government comes to you and says "Alice is a drug dealer (mushrooms?) -
give us the passwords for all her digicash, and if she's given them
to anyone else, we can still forfeit them because the law lets us
confiscate them after she's spent them, just like stolen goods."
In Chaum's case, that's explicitly impossible.
(In the cases that led to Swiss Banking Secrecy laws,
the crime wasn't "drugs",it was "being Jewish".)
Similarly, even if the bank as a whole is honest, there may be
employees trying to embezzle the funds - tough to prevent in your approach.

@_date: 1993-12-11 12:07:07
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Improved DH system. 
Unfortunately, you can't really do a brainless black box phone with
security that's much better than Diffie-Hellman (The "send half the key
at a time" variant is somewhat better, but still can be tampered with.)
The problem is that to do better security, you need some way to authenticate the Diffie-Hellman exchange.  One way is to have a display
on the phone which shows the data received, and read it to the other person
(which is secure, but not brainless).  Another way is to use digital signatures
such as RSA on the Diffie-Hellman key parts, which requires some mechanism
for users to create keys and distribute them securely, also non-brainless.
One way to do this would be to use a central key-distribution server,
perhaps based on phone serial number or telephone number or whatever,
but that requires a lot of complexity, extra phone calls, etc.;
this compromises a certain amount of security, though if it's implemented
well enough to be non-spoofable, the major risks are the insecurity
that comes from registration and the ability of people who compromise
the keyserver (i.e. the government or keyserver-operator) to send
incorrect public keys to wiretap victims allowing man-in-the-middle attacks.
Another way that's not quite brainless would be to have public keys
generated in the phone for signatures, and allow users who want to to exchange
keys; you could build some relative of an automatic web of trust if you
put enough memory in the phones, but then you'd have to provide memory management
etc. which is distinctly not in the brainless category.

@_date: 1993-12-12 05:17:14
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Privacy as a Commodity 
Of course, the organization asking us "Why on earth would you want privacy,
when we can run your lives so much better if we know everything you're doing?"
is the same organization that splits up its information into categories like
SECRET, TOP SECRET, ULTRA, BURN BEFORE READING, WNINTEL, RESTRICTED DATA,
FORMERLY RESTRICTED DATA, NO FOREIGN NATIONALS, FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY.....

@_date: 1993-12-12 05:27:15
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: One Time Pads $5000|Cheap 
One disadvantage of CDROMs is that you lose a major advantage that real
paper one-time pads had - once you had used a page, you could burn it.
With a CD-ROM, presumably the whole pad *will* last you a while, and you
probably don't want to melt the outer tracks of the disk as you use them up...
So you either send ~600MB of secret stuff or waste the disk, depending on how secure your communications needs are and how soon you expect to be busted.
# Bill Stewart  Old address: wcs at anchor.ho.att.com AT&T Bell Labs, Holmdel, NJ
# After 10/15, NCR, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204, email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com

@_date: 1993-12-15 00:40:32
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: signing pictures 
One reason that signing pictures could be useful is so that you could tell that a given picture came from, say, FoobarFoto Mark IV Camera Serial which lets you know that the photo was digitally retouched after it was taken.
Yes, it's easy for someone to transform that into an unsigned picture,
simply by twiddling a few bits (doing so at the end of the bitstream
lets you minimize any corruption, btw), but you can at least be sure that
a signed video or still picture was faked in real-space before digitizing it...
and it's easier to detect those fakes, though reputable publications like
the National Enquirer and the TV news programs showing exploding cars
still have trouble on occasion :-)
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com

@_date: 1993-12-15 00:53:53
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: He's Baaack! 
Keywords: Detweiler
Yeah, one of his tentacles is posting to Cypherpunks again; unfortunately
we haven't really decided how to do a good reputation system yet,
so filtering out these sorts of attacks without also trashing newbies
and causing other collateral damage isn't easy yet.
However, I can report that at the December physical Cypherpunks meeting
in the Bay Area, Tim May pointed out that *all* the major tentacles were there -
Tim, Eric, John Gilmore, Nick Szabo, and Jamie Dinkelacker.  Just for fun,
I asked Jamie if I could see his driver's license (it's a "real" California
license), and Tim, Eric, and Nick also presented theirs.  (John was
out of the room doing Cygnus business, but I've known him for 6-7 years.)
Either they're all separate people, or Tim/Eric/Dr.Moriarty/Jamie/Medusa
hired a bunch of actors and got good fake California ID for them.
On the other hand, I suppose this just means that *I'm* one of the
tentacles now, but I guess that's just a risk you've got to take
in the search for Truth, Justice, and the American Way....
# Also known as
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com

@_date: 1993-12-23 01:49:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: It had to happen... 
The cracker who's using Secure Drive could be an interesting case.
Unfortunately, assuming that a cracker at a university is probably
a student, he may not hve very good legal representation,
and I'd hate to see bad precedent on "can you be forced to reveal your key"
set because someone is not only a tresspasser but a stupid one as well.
Do you know if the wiretapping was being done by police, or if it was
just the university staff with ethernet sniffers?  I was interested
by your comment that they can't prosecute the person without the data;
while it could certainly be helpful to have, one would hope they had
a reasonably solid case *before* they went and arrested him.....
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com

@_date: 1993-12-23 22:11:10
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: anonymous video rental store - Libraries 
Out of curiousity, has any ftp-archive maintainer tried to join the
American Library Association, either directly or as part of some
university's library system?  It would be an interesting way to start
building precedents.  Are there any equivalent international or
non-US national library associations that take strong anti-censorship
pro-privacy positions?

@_date: 1993-12-23 22:49:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: anonymous video rental store 
Another technique for anonymous video rentals that's a bit more complex
than buy-and-sell-back but feels more like a video store is to use deposits.
Remember when video stores were just starting out and charged membership
fees to join (letting them get started with minimal capital)?
You could do a deposit system instead, where either
or	- when you rent a tape, you leave a $50 deposit per tape,
Why would people other than cypherpunks, fervent civil-libertarians,
undocumented non-citizens, and other professional paranoids (:-)) bother?
Unless there's a run of major movie-rental-outings in the press
(to make Republicans look bad so people forget about liberals not
paying their housecleaners' socialist security taxes or whatever),
the two most likely market drivers I can see are the porno market
(Gerald Van Leun's (sp?) observation that sex is always a major
influence on adoption of technology) though they'd probably have done it
by now if they were going to,
and perhaps the non-childrens' videogame market, especially to block
heat from Janet Reno et al. for censorship and/or mandatory registration
(registering all "assault videos" as a first step toward confiscation?) Using large deposits decreases the usage by children, so it may be a
politically acceptable alternative.
One of the corollary's to Godwin's Law is that many discussions will lead to someone saying "If %ss are outlawed, only outlaws will have %ss." :-)

@_date: 1993-12-23 23:06:11
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: picture signatures 
While timestamps do have some use for pictures, they're more limited in
what they'll do for you.  Paul Baclace suggested that if you have the
oldest secure timestamp for a given picture, then you can prove it's yours.
Some problems include:
- NOT having the timestamp doesn't prove it's NOT yours, whereas a signature
- If somebody changes one or more bits of the picture, your timestamp is
- Timestamps are more anonymous, but you can achieve the same effect with
On the other hand, secure timestamps *do* give you timestamping, which
signatures by themselves don't, so it's certainly a valuable addition.

@_date: 1993-12-23 23:16:25
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Merry Christmas, Cyberanarchists 
Sending mail to anXXXXX at anon.penet.fi compromises your anon.penet.fi id,
unless you're careful to use passwords, and if you're sending the message
directly, you can switch the  format to naXXXXX at anon.penet.fi.  But, - Does the cypherpunks mailing list have any anXXXXX at anon.penet.fi subscribers,
- Is there any way to tell?
- If mail is forwarded, either by something like cypherpunks that patches
- How good is anon.penet.fi about checking this stuff for non-passworded users?
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
Anonymous-P.S.:  Also thanks from an anonymous Finnish news-poster :-)

@_date: 1993-12-23 23:29:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Encryption and Self-Incrimination 
I wasn't actually the person who said self-incrimination protections don't apply;
that was somebody replying to my post; unlike Mike Godwin, I'm not that
pessimistic yet (nor am I a lawyer), though a few badly defended cases would be all it takes to get some bad Federal precedents set.
Mike Ingle sent me a reply with a bit more information; the case is in Canada,
and if I'm not misinterpreting it (I read his reply way too late at night :-),
the wiretapping was by the University (presumably with sniffers or equivalent),
and I'm not sure if the police are involved yet or if this is still in the
university investigation phase.  Rules for throwing people out of school are
of course different from rules for throwing people in jail, Canadian rules are
different, and some universities have honor codes which simplify some of the
processes.  (Some other universities have minimal respect for due process,
which also simplifies things a lot, albeit negatively.)
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com

@_date: 1993-12-26 23:07:13
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Pseudo-spoofing the Gov't 
Michael Edward Marotta says, though not in this order:
It's true; PGP is designed for people who will read manuals,
or have helpful friendly computer consultants around to set it up and
hold their hands while they read their mail.  Anybody competent enough
to be an effective political activist can do it, but it's really
not for everybody.
That's ok - that just means there's a market for people to build
user-friendly mail-reading tools that handle digital signatures,
either automagically or when users press the "Sign" or "verify" buttons.
Maybe some of us will build these tools; maybe Apple will build them
for the rest of us, maybe even Microsoft will.  Maybe GNUmail will happen.
Some obvious design goals include handling more than just PGP formats -
at least verifying PEM/RIPEM/TISPEM and whatever formats Apple AOCE and
Lotus Notes use are probably useful, and non-open systems makers may not
do this without prodding (after all, if they won't use standard mail
protocols, why should they support standard encryption :-( ? )
There are two stages to this problem.  One is authenticating messages
that pretend to come from CONgresscritters or other government officials;
that's pretty easy, since they can sign their messages using
whatever digital signature standard they choose, though there are minor
wrinkles about messages that really come from their staffs,
and need a digital rubber-stamp instead of a digital Real Signature.
(If multiple staffers have the passphrase instead of the Real Politician,
there's some risk of it leaking out, though not too much, and obviously
you'd expect different public keys to be used for letter-writing and
real votes, just for security reasons.)
The other stage is as more politics moves on line, and people start
_running for office_ under pseudonyms.  It's bad enough today, when
by doing lots of work you can discover that George Bush's family is in
pharmaceuticals, bank robbery\\\\\\\\management, and Middle East oil,
and John Hancock and Joe Kennedy's family were in the illegal drug
importing business.  (According to William Greider, the Democratic Party is primarily run by six big law firms.)  As that great American patriot
"Deep Throat" said, "Follow the money!"  What happens when you _can't_
do that any more?  What happens when you can't even follow the names?
I guess we'll just have to start giving government less power to reduce
the possibilities of conflict of interest?  (Naaahhh....)
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
(Sorry about duplication for those of you who are on both cypherpunks
and cypherwonks...)

@_date: 1993-12-26 23:27:05
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: The Cyber Lexicon of 2030 AD 
Mike - A technical comment - the version posted to cypherpunks has a lot of
Macintoshy punctuation metacharacters left in it, e.g. Q J R S representing
various quote marks and such.
As for the contents, I may or may not get around to writing  a real response,
but I certainly *hope* that by 2030 we've got digital signatures and such
run by the free market and not by the Government, even if it does shrink,
and that the Government Printing Office is reduced to the small job of
publishing everything the government does.  The business about
"black banks" providing non-governmentally controlled signatures being
unstable because they can't maintain the integrity of their signature schemes
is not very credible, unless the governemnt manages to ban them -
as long as you have an institution large enough to be relatively immune to
bribery and rubber-hose cryptanalysis, it's easy enough to protect
the integrity of your signatures.  A much more credible scenario is
a "Web of Trust" model where many of the major players may very well be
government-run (if the central banks haven't collapsed and the phone
companies haven't been privatized) for smaller non-free countries,
and mixtures of governmental, NGOs, major financial institutions,
and MicroSoft Inc./AG/SA/Ltd.
BTW, what's fof.org?
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com

@_date: 1993-12-28 19:37:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: GPS and security 
Thanks to Phil for the technical descriptions about GPS; I'd heard numbers
like 1 foot for Differential accuracy.  One minor correction to the
"military buying civilian GPS gear" issues - a lot of it wasn't the
military itself buying the gear, it was individual soldiers or their parents
buying the sets so their kids wouldn't get lost out in the desert.
I was at an AFCEA trade show, mainly looking for imaging and crypto stuff,
but two of the biggest hits were the various GPS vendors and a vendor
selling small drone airplanes.  (Very few people probably needed the things
for work, but they were Neat Stuff and you could understand what it did.)
The 6-foot wingspan model had a payload of about 35 pounds; the 10-foot model
had about 120 pounds, where payload includes fuel plus whatever else.
The primary applications it was being marketed for were radio repeaters and
video camera transmission systems, but the Army makes a backpack-carriable
nuke that leaves you enough fuel-weight to get 1-200 miles....
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com

@_date: 1993-02-01 17:37:37
@_author: Bill Stewart +1-908-949-0705 wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: turning on yourself during car stops 
Just be sure not to get out of your car -  there are different rules that apply to cars without occupants in them, though your state's rules may  vary.
But it's much better to avoid getting to that stage.  Be friendly in your
non-cooperation, and if a hostile-looking  cop wants to see whether your papers are in order, give him your license,  registration, insurance papers, *and* your ACLU card ("Don't leave home without it").
As a friend of mine says to cops, "If you've got a legal right to search my car, I'm sure you will, but if you need my permission, you don't have it."
Of course, this is no longer really cypherpunks material, just regular punks :-)

@_date: 1993-02-09 17:10:58
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: CELP speech compression code at cygnus.com:/pub/celp.speech.tar.Z 
Forwarded for Bill Stewart, who I assume wanted it posted.

@_date: 1993-02-19 12:36:31
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: toad.com mailing list postings from possible virus authors 
John - thanks for opposing censorship, having integrity, finding ways to set up a
AlterNet folks - thanks for providing Internet access in a way that's not only Thug - never did like your psuedonym :-).  But thanks for writing a somewhat crypto-related
Geoff - thanks for posting Keith's mail with the ECPA excerpt.  It's nice to
Keith - neither of us are lawyers, but if you wanted to complain about the legality of
Miss Manners, if you're reading this (:-)) - thanks for your recent comments on NPR's

@_date: 1993-02-22 12:05:06
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: Being kind to 8086 users - was: Re: msdos perl 
The discussion on porting perl to MS-DOS led to the following comment:
There's one part of the market that's still heavily populated with 8086 machines - portables.
Especially cheap, lightweight portables, and palmtops like the HP95LX,
which people might use to do their private email from, or carry around to exchange PGP keys with,
or use as a smartcard for digicash and remote access to networks.
Another part is DOS emulation running on real machines - I think lots of that is 8086-like.
640K RAM is a hard limit to live with, and sometimes you just can't do it,
but it's nice if people don't *gratuitously* make their software not fit here.
There's lots of real work that can still be done on them, and really patient people
can even run Unix-like operating systems such as Minix.

@_date: 1993-02-28 17:06:13
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: Real life pseudonyms (was re: more ideas on anonymity) 
Jordan Hayes incorrectly (IMHO) states that "Banking and Tax regulations provide
solid legal ground for requiring banks to verify identity and tax status in tehe US."  There are really two halves to the problem:
- accounts paying interest - this is taxable, so they DO need your SSN,
- non-interest-paying checking accounts - remember those, from long ago ? :-)
As far as "true names" go, in some states in the US, you can use any name
you want unless it's for fraudulent purposes, e.g. California ;
in other states they have this racket called "legally changing your name",
where you have to convince a government honcho to let you rename yourself,
with the implication that all your future transactions will happen under
your _new_ true name; New York and New Jersey are into this sort of thing.
(Offering a "name registration service" is a different game entirely,
though the free market is less likely to do so if there's a government
service already provided that you *have* to use for some purposes.)
Some places make it easier than others to build up ID under a new name;
the people I've known in the acting profession haven't had much trouble,
and if you're young and keeping the same first name, the line "my parents were divorced and I used the other name when I lived there"
seems to work fine; if you're female and keeping the same first name
you can mumble something about your first husband or maiden name.
In either case, the SS number is usually something you're stuck with,
so you just have to avoid using it when you can.
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-02-28 17:39:52
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: dispatches from the front lines of anonymity 
X-Real-Subject: Re: not assigning IDs for alt.whistleblower
X-Real-From: Richard M. Nixon
It's probably a reasonable policy - anybody who wants to can add a signature line or equivalent giving themselves a pseudonym, and
if they want private replies they can provide a PGP or RIPEM public key.
A clean way to avoid the problem of encrypted replies cluttering up the
newsgroup is to also create alt.whistleblower.followup or a.w.crypt,
with similar non-assignment of ids, so readers can easily skip over
the crypted private replies.
If some whistleblower, or some whistlelistener, is more trusting,
they can even post their an12345 address.
I *would* recommend the following policies -
- accept email in PGP, RIPEM, and also unencrypted MIME, X.400, and vanilla - publish an "official" method for defining what part gets posted - e.g.
X-Real-Signature:		"Maybe I _was_ a crook" # Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-02-28 23:09:07
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: RISKS for alt.whistleblowers 
I would expect two kinds of people to cause trouble for alt.whistleblowers:
amateurs and professionals.  Amateur troublemakers may cause the most volume
of trouble, and the largest signal-to-noise problem, but the more serious
concern is what happens if there's enough signal in the noise to be a threat
to professionals, whether governments, corporations, or criminals.
If I were a professional who wanted to stop a group like this, and options
like court orders, violence, or confiscation weren't appropriate,
I'd consider a few approaches like the following:
- Flooding - it's really not hard, even with automatic protections -
- Crying wolf, and other disinformation - if there are enough bogus posts,
- Posting libel, slander, child pornography, calls for violence, bomb threats
It's really not all that hard, if somebody's serious about it.
Crypto-anarchy is a good thing, but governments and other bad guys can hide behind it just as effectively as anarchists can.
.... and the last count I've heard on the radio was that 19 separate groups
have called in to claim responsibility for the World Trade Center bombing;
some even called 911, though presumably they used pay phones ...

@_date: 1993-01-05 10:48:32
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: purloined letter 
The hiding-data-in-bogus-text system that Phil referred to is
Peter Wayner's Mimic functions, which let you represent data using
a Huffman code or context-free-grammar set of productions that
matches innocuous text.  The examples in the paper used baseball game
radio narration (hiding a message "Paul is dead" :-) and political
speeches by Mr. Neil Kinnock, the raving Labour Party honcho whose
speeches were plagiarized by Joe Biden.  (Biden, btw, was a nice guy
when he was elected to the Senate at age just-under-30,
but he's apparently gone Big Brotherish as he's aged.
I'm not bothered by one politician borrowing another's speeches,
but stooping to Neil Kinnock's syrupy ranting is a bit much :-)
The papers on the mimic functions are in ftp.cs.cornell.ecu,
under /pub/wayner/Mimic.  There are also a couple of papers on
building a highly parallel des-cracker out of content-addressable memory,
Until encryption becomes widely used, if yuo want to hide encrypted data, mimic functions or low-bits-of-gifs are good ways to go.

@_date: 1993-01-05 13:50:00
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: purloined letter -- mimic functions 
Peter Wayner sent along the following note about mimic functions:
------- cut here ------
Original-From: wayner at cs.cornell.edu (Peter Wayner)
Cool. I'm not a member of the mailing list.
You can tell them if they want a copy of the code they should send me a note. They can get it in either C or Pascal. The C comes with tar wrapping
paper for the faux industrial tech look.
(I can't wait until Crate and Barrel start mining the Civil Defencse era for new retro-trendy styles. )
------ cut here -------
At the risk of sounding like Peter G Neumann, I should comment that
the combination of mimic functions and Mime mail could lead
to lots of silliness and hand-waving ....

@_date: 1993-07-09 22:39:16
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Can FBI/NSA break DES? 
Nick's story of the FBI agent telling him about having the NSA crack
DES files found on a PC in a drug case could of course be the agent pulling his leg, but it could perfectly well be true.
After all, brute-force may not work well for searching 2**56 randomly-
generated session keys, but it's just fine for searching a million or
so easy-to-remember short stupid keys from dictionaries and such.
It's even faster if you augment your dictionary with the filenames on
the machine, first names of stupid people and the victim's friends,
family, customers, etc.  If Crack can do a good job finding root passwords
for computer-literate sysadmins, it ought to be pretty good at finding
passwords for semi-literate folks as well.
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-07-11 23:24:44
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Radical Paranoia? 
Email is *not* enough.  Easily forged, easily intercepted, not secure.
This mail could be coming from me, it could be coming from the NSA,
it could be my cat jumping on my keyboard's function keys triggering
emacs form-letter-mode.  No way to tell.  Cat already dumped my password and
modem dialcodes into this mail message, and he's still pretty young :-)
Building and maintaining a web of trust means we're all responsible for
signing keys carefully, and making sure people know how careful our signatures are.  Read through the READMEs a couple more times until
you really understand the procedures!  My view is that you should only sign a key if you really *know* that the
person whose key your signing is that person and you've verified with them
that you've got the right key.  If somebody *you recognize* hands you their key, fine - I recognize about 10 or so well-known cypherpunks that
I could do this with (plus other people who might be interested but
aren't verbose contributors here :-)  On the other hand, if Vesselin
Bontchev asked me to sign his key, I wouldn't do it, because I don't
know him by sight, unless somebody I know knows him personally introduced us.
If somebody you know by *voice* wants you to sign their key,
you'd better at least have a voice telephone call with them where you
read key fingerprints over the phone.  This is how I had Phil sign my key,
and there are 3-4 others here I could probably do this with if I wanted.
When you're adding people to your PGP keyring, pgp asks you how well
you trust people to sign keys.  You can trust me to do that much for
identifying people, but on the other hand I've got a diskless workstation
as the only thing I have that can do PGP until I get it on my wife's laptop,
so you can't trust that my keyring hasn't been hacked -- that's why
my pgp userid says "multiuser" in it. I really won't feel comfortable
signing keys until I've got a secure system and we've got an RSAREF
implementation that makes use of RSA kosher.
If you're likely to sign keys for people you don't really know well,
such as giving out starter PGP floppies at a trade show or rave or something,
I suppose you could generate a separate key/userid that says it's not very secure, signed by your regular key,
but do try to at least check easily-forged ID like driver's licenses
for people you don't know, and encourage them to generate real keys
and get them signed by people that *they* really know.  It's not ideal;
do people feel that's acceptable to get people initial connections?
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-07-14 14:06:02
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: Secure comm program, Sockets + LINK 
I don't remember the details (and if I did I'd have to kill you :-),
but they use a little plastic key-shaped dongle that's got some memory in it,
probably EEPROM, which contains keying information.  Each key works in only a few phones, and each phone only supports a few keys.
The keying information tells it what level of classification the phone is authorized for when the key is in it, and phone calls
negotiate that when they set up.  If the phone decides it doesn't like something,
it's able to zero out the key's memory.
When you're making a TOP SECRET phone call, you *do* care about man in the middle, just as you care about being in a soundproofed room.
The session key exchange is done with Diffie-Hellman with authentication;
I'm not sure if the authentication uses public-key or secret-key technology,
but my guess is it's basic secret-key stuff.  The military version of the phone uses classified secret-key algorithms, so presumably the key handling does too.

@_date: 1993-07-14 18:51:31
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: The right to be secure (fwd Computerworld article) 
Paul Ferguson sent out a copy of a ComputerWorld article "The right to be secure"
(ComputerWorld, Volume 27, Number 28, July 12, 1993, page 28, James Daly),
which had NIST/NSA Q&A on Clipper.   A couple things were mildly interesting
(assertion that use of escrow products would be voluntary (if we can trust them)),
but one was complex and nasty:
   To obtain the key needed to unlock the encryption, law
   enforcement must present evidence of its authority for a key,
   typically a court order, to both key escrow authorities.
   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   Finally, the system will be designed to ensure that law
   enforcement destroys the keys it receives when its authority
   to conduct the electronic surveillance has expired.
"Typically", of course, means "not always", and it's coupled with the phrase
"establishment of procedures by the attorney general for the access of the keys"
in a previous answer, which means that anything the attorney general wants,
he can get.  It also suggests that keys *can* be kept longer than court
orders permit if the attorney general wants.

@_date: 1993-07-16 19:59:33
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: steganography 
I think Kragen's definition of "Steganographically Strong" is a bit overstrong.
He suggests that the cyphertext should not be recognizeable by its own program,
with no checksums or program-specific delimiters, headers, etc.
If checksums become widely used in other data formats (e.g. MIME or whatever),
having them used in "innocent-looking-format" is ok.  And having a checksum that only checks out if you have the correct key
for decrypting the file is relatively ok, assuming you use strong encryption;
it's really no more of a giveaway than having the correctly-decrypted
plaintext have other recognizeable format, such as all-ascii or MIME or GIF.
The request for a feature that corrupted files decrypt to total garbage and
not just partial garbage can be implemented using some variant on doubly
encrypting the file, e.g. descbc file | reverse-the-file | descbc.
Most encryption systems can be used in modes that only trash the corrupted block, modes that trash the corrupted block and all following blocks,
or modes that trash the corrupted block and some stuff after it,
but eventually resync.  The latter are useful for on-line continuous encryption
systems like ethernet or T1 encryptors, where you don't want to send out
guys with briefcases handcuffed to their arms any time there's a noise burst :-)
One wimpy steganography approach I've thought of recently is to use uuencode.
Each line starts with an indicator of how many characters are on the line,
normally "M" for 64, followed by the characters; you could use variable-length
lines with the length encoding your real (cyphertext) data at 6 bits/line.
It'd be ugly, and probably noticeable, but you could always demonstrate that it outputs normal genuinely-innocent stuff by running it through uudecode.
And it's only a factor of 10 less efficient than hiding it in a GIF!

@_date: 1993-07-26 20:16:03
@_author: Bill Stewart +1-908-949-0705 wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: T-SHIRTS 
Obviously the logo should also be in black, with details in black for contrast
:-) Alternatively, a snow-crashy pattern of white noise would have more entropy.
Someone suggested buttons; they are pretty cheap to make, and it's easy to do individualized versions using a laser printer,
if you want them with your own keys or fingerprints on them....
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030
# rot-13 public key available upon request

@_date: 1993-07-30 00:53:59
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: I'm not paranoid...  They *are* out to get me! 
Nick MacDonald's note on bar codes on Canadian money, and speculation
about banks tracking what bills they give you, is something they're probably
not doing now, but could if they wanted; USA Today had an article a while
back about proposals to do that with US money.  You really can't do a perfect tracking job, but a large amount of cash comes from banks,
gets spent at stores, and goes back to banks, and could easily enough
be tracked it it were bar-coded and banks were forced (or paid) to read it with bar-code scanners.  Maybe you'd only track 50%, or 80%,
but that could have a major impact on privacy, and a major "improvement"
in the government's ability to keep tabs on us.  It's really no tougher
to print bar coded serial numbers than human-readable ones.
Sounds like it's a good time to get digicash out into the market,
or stock up on rrolls of quarters :-)
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-06-03 08:57:59
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Crypto anarchy in a VW? (not the bug) 
I thought the motivation for satellite at the beginning of this discussion
was that it's extremely hard to find out WHO sent a transmission
to a satellite - everybody's got a dish pointed UP at the same destination,
the FCC isn't likely to go flying helicopters around to locate transmissions
that could have come from anywhere in the country, and there's really
nothing to direction-find on, and the receivers can similarly be anywhere,
since it's a broadcast network.  If the satellite uses some kind of protocol
such as AlohaNet, you get reasonable shared utilization.
(Of course, the alternatives to direction-finding are to go after the bird's
owners, or to jam the transmission channel.)  Moon-bounce offers similar
advantages, and there aren't any owners to trace :-), though jamming is
still possible.
Another technique that's pretty obscure, and relatively low data rate,
but pretty hard to trace, is meteor-burst, which reflects signals of the
ionization trails left by micrometeors.  Typical systems a few years ago
transmitted at 4800 baud, getting effective throughput of maybe 300 bps,
since the channel isn't constant.  It was used for applications like
sending snow depth reports back from mountains, since it needs very little
power and isn't particularly bothered by weather conditions.
Are networks like amateur packet radio hard to trace, assuming enough
repeaters are around?
NCR WaveLAN, which is now also being OEMed by DEC, runs spread spectrum
at (I think) 2 Mbps, and can use an optional DES chip for encryption.
The PC cards are compatible with some vanilla Ethernet card,
so it uses standard Ethernet protocols.  In broadcast mode, range is only
a few hundred meters, depending on building configurations, but
it can also be used with a directional antenna to get 5-6 mile range.

@_date: 1993-06-14 16:59:32
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: DH for email (re: email protection and privacy) 
Yes, but in Reagan's case it was quite believable that he had forgotten;
you, on the other hand, are presumed to be competent :-)

@_date: 1993-06-16 20:29:16
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Digital Cash$$$$ 
J. Michael Diehl asks:
Issuing digital cash is easy - the problem is getting someone to take it :-)
Other than anonymity, the problems of starting a digicash exchange economy
are pretty similar to those of starting any other private money system -
governments avoid the problem by pointing guns at people (i.e. issuing
fiat currency and making legal tender laws), and commodity money systems
mostly avoid it by using a commodity people care about as a standard
(gold, silver, cordwood, tobacco, etc. - doesn't have to be fixed value),
but everybody else has to solve it somehow.
(The other main issue, which someone brought up, is whether there are
applicable laws like banking law or taxable transaction reporting laws
that may require you to get permits or let regulators regulate you or whatever,
which vary from country to country, and also depend on how you define
and manage your digicash accounts.)
My current involvement in token-based currencies, aside from government fiat,
includes NJ parkway toll tokens, which went up in value when the toll went up,
Washington DC Metro tickets, which aren't redeemable for anything,
and Joe's Coffee Money at work.  Joe prints it on the Macintosh,
there's a box of them on the counter, you leave a dollar when you take more,
the coffee's ok, profits pay for new hardware and occasional free days,
and unlike the bozos who run New Jersey's highways and Arts Center,
Joe's a guy you can trust :-)
One way to get people to accept your digicash is to use it for convenient
anonymous payment for a service, like highway tolls or subway fares,
or anonymous remailer payments.  Essentially, you're getting a group of
vendors together, selling digibucks for cash, and distributing the cash
among the vendors according to the digibucks they've received.
It's not much different from other systems using tokens.
As long as the vendors agree to accept tokens at the current value
for an extended period of time, you don't risk much.
If you ran a barter club using tokens, you could do it with digicash;
the problem then is how to agree on when tokens will be generated,
and by whom.  One solution that would be readily accepted is to
only issue tokens in return for real cash or other valuable commodities.
This means everybody knows that a digibuck is worth a buck, and
has a reasonable expectation that the currency won't be inflated away.
For commodities, some reasonable valuation needs to be done.
(ObMovieReference - the poker game in "Benny and Joon" is marvelous :-)
For payment for services, it's tougher - the demand side of your market
depends on how much money is floating around as well as how many people
want your services, and a market that's too small won't be able to generate much.  On the other hand, unless there's some way for people
to perform services that become part of the bank's assets and available
to creditors, it shouldn't issue more digibucks to pay for them;
that's inflating the currency merely for the bank's benefit.
Another way to start a digicash system is as a credit card analogue,
where the bank bills the customers later and only has enough cash backing
to cover the float, but that's not much different from a cash-based system
except that in a pay-first cash system, it's possible for the digibank
to invest the cash in an external investment, with the usual issues
of risk, liquidity, etc. that normal banks have, only the account balances
exist as digibucks in people's digiwallets instead of ledger entries
in the bank's computer.
Or by a promise of future services from vendors hired by the bank
(presumably for real cash), if the customers find that acceptable,
but that's essentially backed by the bank's negotiable assets, including cash.
The ideal way is by spending all your digicash, either for the
Collect the system service / product if it's a vendor-based system,
or for services or products sold by other members.
It's somewhat of a system failure to redeem your digicash for paper cash,
unless the system is basically intended as a payment system,
in which case it's fine.
Or abandon your investment, or sue.
I once knew someone who had invested in a bank-like system that denominated
its accounts in gold rather than fiat currency, and paid its depositors
in gold on demand.  It also paid interest, which should have been a clue....
It eventually collapsed, and turned out to be a semi-scam; it had invested most of its money in high-yield, high-risk stocks (South African gold mines,mainly, which were actually doing quite well in 1980),
and when it folded he had to file SEC complaints and sue them in Federal court to get them to distribute the stocks to their creditors instead of
distributing stock in a worthless subsidiary company that it had formed to take
over the assets.  He was successful, so he lost a lot less than he could have,
but being a hard-money paranoid isn't all it's cracked up to be :-(

@_date: 1993-06-17 19:40:40
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: fast des 
Steve Bellovin refers to Hans Eberle's paper on a GAs-based 1Gb/s DES chip,
which is available on gatekeeper.dec.com under the SRC directory.
The search time of 16 days for $1M, aka 1 day for $30M (incl. support chips),
is fairly similar to Peter Wayner's Content-Addressible-Memory approach,
which would cost an estimated $30M for a 1 day search.
(Average search time is about half as long as exhaustive searches.)
To put this in a cost-per-solution context, if you amortize over 5 years,
that's about 4000 solutions, so that's a bit under $10K per solution.
It's more expensive than David Sternlight's $25/solution guess,
but it's interestingly small - certainly worthwhile for occasional national security applications, or robbing electronic funds transfer networks,
(at least for the $1M slower version), and it's in the ballpark of the rental rate for Congressmen :-)  (the Abscam folks paid $50K to Senator Harrison Williams for some light work...)
Since Skipjack uses an 80-bit key, the NSA or other rich organizations with
access to it ought to be able to get similar performance in 24-48 years,
assuming speed doubling continues at its 1-2 year rate.  We'd be better
off with something with a longer key, such as triple-DES.

@_date: 1993-06-23 10:40:03
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Corporate Ethics and the Profit Margin 
A nice distinction, and possibly useful tactically.
(Disclaimer: This represents about 10**-7 of AT&T's official position,
i.e. I'm a stockholder like most employees, and nobody listens to me,
at least not when I'm right :-)
It's more than a single individual; it'd mainly be the managers
of the group that makes their current line of secure phones for the government.
Some of the phone models already have special government encryption chips;
this is yet another design variant, and not a really major decision to make
as long as there's enough tentatively-promised volume to expect a decent
return on the investment.  Motorola's in about the same situation.
Back when the STU-III first came out, the government was talking about
total sales of maybe half a million units to governments and contractors;
I don't think sales were anywhere near that large...
The interesting questions are whether there are any other strings attached, especially about whether that group will also attempt to market non-wiretapped
phones to the public (I don't have any knowledge on that one), and also what the impact is on the parts of our "huge bureaucracy"
which weren't in on the secret until we read about it in the New York Times or on the net but will be affected by it (much discussion is still going on, especially by people on standards committees which are getting pressured by the NIST and co-conspirators to specify SkipJack/escrow in industry standards.)
The rest of the U.S. telecomm industry is in about the same situation.
If you want to pressure AT&T or other large corporations, one popular approach
is to buy stock and put a stockholder question on the ballot for the annual
meeting; unfortunately the government's trying to railroad everybody into
using Clipper fast enough that that's probably not practical here,
but there are SEC rules on how to do it, and it does reach a lot of people
and make a lot of noise if you can pull it off before it becomes moot,
even if you lose (directors of large corporations almost always oppose
stockholder resolutions - if do they support something, they can just do it
and avoid the need for the voting process.)  Having never done this myself,
and don't know the costs or level of effort involved, but enough wackos
put enough things on stockholder ballots that sane people like us can
probably do it as well.  It's important to make any ballot questions SHORT,
clear to the uninitiated, positive, non-adversarial, and actionable,
which ain't easy for complex topics like crypto.

@_date: 1993-06-23 10:59:39
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Digital Cash$$$$ 
Do the money-laundering laws require reporting all transactions,
or only movement of currency and gold?  Digicash is most like EFT,
which is transmitted encrypted today - does all of that have to be reported,
or only the "real" paper money that backs up the numbers?
As far as using digibanks on Native American territory, most of the
rules restricting Federal control seem pretty flexible when the Feds want
something, and even states can often get away with restricting gambling
on reservations.  Also, the Constitution gives CONgress the power to
regulate commerce with foreign nations, Indian tribes, and between states,
so they can still regulate any interactions between digibanks on
Indian reservations and elsewhere.  (Sigh - the Commerce Clause has been
rabidly overused, but it's written in a way that lets them do nearly anything.)
There's also the issue of tribal law, but most of the tribes are probably run
by small numbers of reasonable people that you can talk to about things,
and you can at least shop around to find them, unlike Federal bureaucracies
which you're stuck with.

@_date: 1993-06-23 11:31:49
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Origin lines in remailers 
There are several possible solutions to the origin-lines problem, but they offer different benefits and place different requirements on the users;
unfortunately there's been no agreement on what the users should have to do,
so there's no agreement on "best" solutions.
1) Chop off anything that even *looks* signature-like, whether the user
   intended it or not -- I consider this ugly, evil, and unreliable,
   and likely to chop stuff I want kept and leave stuff I'd like chopped,
   but there are users out there (e.g. variants on alt.highly.personal.stuff
   or alt.whistleblowing) who are assumed to be computer-naive and used
   to this kind of automagic anonymity, and maybe they need it,
   especially if they don't realize that some systems *do* add them
   since their local system doesn't.
   A "Dont-Mess-With-Trailers:" header line would help a bit.
   I don't know how much of
   was added by the author, how much by the Blue Wave and/or 8:914/201,
   or even for certain whether M. Stirner is the author or merely a    machine owner; I'm guessing the author, and I'm guessing everything
   but the initial "M." was added automagically under the machine-owner's control.
2) Cut-Here: lines of various sorts, either following a pre-specified syntax
   or a MIME-like flexible syntax.  I like this approach, since it gives
   the user a reasonable level of control and very seldom guesses wrong,
   but there are so many standards to choose from, and a proper implementation
   would have to leave in the line (or add an equivalent) at each hop
   to avoid accretion of path-traces, and make sure it gets the correct    syntax for each following remailer.  And the user *does* have to explicitly    request it, which some people view as a problem, especially if they
   don't know the characteristics of the later mail-handlers in the chain.
3) Encryption-based systems, which only retain the encrypted portion;
   this means the user has to know more about the remailers being used,
   and there has to be a standard for expressing which remailers to forward
   to if more than one will be used (which it probably will be, for anybody
   security-aware enough to really want an encrypting remailer.)
   It *does* give you absolute control over how much gets through,
   but also makes most steganography more difficult.
Solving the problem for message *headers* is tougher than solving it for
trailers, since you need to know how much to retain of the beginning,
and need to avoid trashing the information required to successfully
deliver the mail with enough information that its intended recipient can
decode and use it.

@_date: 1993-03-01 16:45:37
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: anonymity + untraceable digital money = potential problems 
Yes, some criminals would find blackmail, extortion, and kidnapping easier.
But others would find it harder.  Just think about who's most likely to
demand half your salary and threaten you with violence if you don't pay,
or take your house and not give it back unless you tell them the name they want,
or throw you in a locked room and not let you out until you pay ransom?
That's right!  It's the *government*!
I may not be as much of an anarchist as Perry, or maybe just more trusting :-),
but I'd still feel a lot more secure if the government didn't know how much
money I make and where to get it if they feel like taking it,
and couldn't read my mail and accuse me of corresponding with known
ANARCHISTS AND DRUG USERS AND FOREIGN NATIONALS AND MUNITIONS DEALERS
(obviously I must be conspiring with them since I didn't turn them in)
and quite frankly I'd like to be able to discuss different medicinal and
recreational products with people without having to worry that they'll
knock on my door one night and tear my house apart looking for things that
aren't there, or things that were legal when I bought them but aren't now,
and I'd like to be able to discuss interesting software without them coming
and stealing my wife's home business laptop and laser printer because they couldn't find the disk drive on my VT-100 clone.  I'm not paranoid, but I have friends who are :-), and I'd like to be able to
talk to them on the phone without us worrying about wiretappers.
And I have friends of friends who come from other countries, and maybe their
papers aren't in order, and they don't want to go back to places where the
governments are less concerned about human rights than our benevolent Immigration and Naturalization Service, or maybe they just like it here.
And the lack of anonymous communication hasn't stopped the Mafia from
burning down restaurants here in New Jersey or up in Rochester;
it just means they've got to invest some of their profits in bribing cops.
My friend's brother didn't get an anonymous postal-mail message,
he got a visit from two big ugly guys he didn't know who told him how much
protection would cost.
On the other hand, my reading of Chaum's digicash paper makes it look like
marked digicash may be possible, if the original account-holder wants to
reveal the numbers and can trace the connection from the recipient's bank
back to their bank, so kidnappers will still need money-launderers,
though money-laundering will be easier.
(Blackmailers still can get revenge by revealing their secrets, but at least
you'll be able to be anonymous when you do some of the stupid things you
could get blackmailed for :-)

@_date: 1993-03-01 22:10:11
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: A novel (?) return address idea 
Joe Thomas's proposal for anonymous return addresses is nice:
where userid is the remailer's pointer to the real email address / pubkey,
K is a secret key in the remailer, and salt is different for each message.
(printable encoding may need to be monocase for some mailers.)
If you used DES encryption, you could do 32 bits of UID and 32 bits of salt,
you can turn the 64 bits of cyphertext into 13 printable characters using
an obvious 5bit encoding; a good choice for a mailer is to prepend an x
and not have any real UIDs starting with x, so your mail delivery program
can easily tell what to hand to the remailer-reply process and what to
deliver more normally. Aside from being nice round numbers, this lets you support 4 billion users with
4 billion messages each, but is this really the right balance?
Many users, like x<13rand> will only send a few messages,
while a few others, like mailer-daemon at crypto.bank.com, will send lots.
Should we perhaps use a Class A - Class B - Class C approach like IP addresses,
with the bits broken up 16/48 - 32/32 - 48/16 or maybe 24/40 - 32/32 - 56/8?
Unlike IP, of course, these address spaces are local only, and the user
probably shouldn't know the userid number - the class is really just advisory.
could be used to request a new / reused userid of class C.
Ideas for the extra-secure implementations:
- it might be interesting to use a separate internal secret key to store
  the mapping from (real-email, userid) -> email-publickey.
  Hiding the mapping from real-email <-> userid is tougher.
- if you really want longer userid+salts much bigger than this,
  you've got to handle email names noticably longer than 16 characters,
  or play games with hashing to reduce the size of the email name.
  The main motivation would be to use encryption other than DES,
  such as a public-key system with blocks longer than 64 bits,
  but hashing increases the amount of information you have to store,
  and the annoyance of deciding how to age it, avoid overload, etc.
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-03-02 16:17:34
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: A novel (?) return address idea 
I'm not sure there IS a good answer for anonymous news-posting with replies.
For email, you can create a use-once-then-delete anonymous reply address,
which hangs around until a reply happens or garbage-collection hits,
but this isn't practical for news or multiple-recipient email -
you need to keep an alias around for multiple replies to use.
You can assign a new reply address for each posting, which is in some sense
more secure, but it means that there are now many copies of the poster's
email address and public-key (though multiple public keys may be a win.)
But if the remailer site gets compromised, these are about as risky as
multiple messages cryptically pointing to one copy of the address.
(Unless the mapping from anon-reply-id to real-id is cryptographically protected.)  (These comments also apply to the dossier problem below.)
If the key-compromise issues you bring up below can be fixed,
then this method is more secure than the one-anon-address-per-user for all
postings method that seems to currently be in use,
and if users can get a new return-address-id on request, and delete old return-address-ids on request (features you really need anyway),
it's basically equivalent.
Hmm.  So it's not good enough to just lump 32 bits of address-id and 32 bits
of salt together, because a key-search over 56-bit keys will trigger on
the ones that get the same first 32 bits for multiple cyphertexts.
What if you use triple-DES instead of single-DES as the cypher,
which increases the key search space to at least 112 bits?
This is presumably big enough, especially since the return-address-id
doesn't directly give you the address, though that can be easier to crack.
Deleting old addresses and getting new ones helps.
Joe's suggestion of changing the keys also helps: including a few bits in the
crypted address that are essentially another salt to let you pick the crypt key,
but of course this means you need to keep ALL the older keys loaded in the system (or at least the last N), either stored (bad) or typed in (also bad.)
I suppose you'd at least store them crypted.  If you periodically dispose of
the oldest ones, then you've limited the amount of time the correspondence is
exposed, which is a good thing, but you've also made it impossible to reply
to really old messages.  (I guess a certain fraction of the postings will be
requests for the poster of  to repost something?)
Also, this kind of remailer/reposter may still be chained - there's no need for the return address to be a _real_ return address.

@_date: 1993-03-03 18:04:54
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: PGP: informal faq for eknipp 
Eknipp asked for an overview of PGP; my reply to him bounced, but it's of
enough possible general use that I'm inflicting it on the list.
It's rough and rambling, but believe it if you need it....,
and please send me any corrections if there are offensive errors.
The details of corporate relationships regarding PKP and RSA are especially
   "He wouldn't have wanted that _thing_ walking around with his name on it"
well, here's a rough overview and definitions, ignore the parts you know already.
You can get a proper faq by ftp from rsa.com, in the directory pub/faq.
Cryptography = writing stuff only authorized people can read.  Real crypto ITAR - International Traffic In Armaments Regulations - the US has a bunch
Alice and Bob - the people sending messages to each other.
Secret-Key Cryptosystem, also called Symmetric-key or private-key -
DES = Data Encryption Standard = IBM/NSA-designed secret-key system,
IDEA - a Swiss-written secret-key system, maybe more secure than DES,
Public-Key CryptoSystem - Encryption key ke and Decryption key kd are related,
Digital Signatures - if you can do public-key crypto, then you can do the
MD-4 and MD-5 - Message Digest hashing algorithms from (?) Rivest,
RSA - A public-key algorithm developed by Rivest, Shamir, and Adelman.
RSAREF - an RSA implementation from PKP, which you may use free for personal
Key certification - Public Keys are usually long - RSA keys are often 1024 bytes.
PGP - Phil's Pretty Good Privacy program - a nice packaging of this technology
RIPEM - Mark Riordan's public-key email system, which uses RSAREF to do RSA,
More PGP info - PGP was originally written for a DOS environment (there are
Where to get things:  The fun place to shop is nic.funet.fi, by anonymous ftp,

@_date: 1993-03-05 11:55:09
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: Encrypted voice protocol? 
(Carl - this is a reply to a cypherpunks mailing list mention of your
program.  Way to go, and good luck!)
Internet Talk Radio also made the Front Page of the New York Times 3/4/93.
The picture of Carl Malamud showed him in his office, with a computer near the
front with "Internet Talk Radio" running on it, and a poster on the
back wall saying "Freedom of the Press belongs to those who own one",
put out by some computer company or other.   Story by John Markoff, of course.
It's basically going to be a half-hour audio segment, with interviews
("Geek of the Week") plus miscellaneous news and stories, kind of in the
style of All Things Considered.  Folks with high-end systems will be able to
listen in real-time; folks with lower-end will need to download slowly and
listen later.  Size is about 15 MB, data rate 64 kb/s, estimated 2400-baud time
14 hours.  I'm surprised he's not doing better compression than that,
but (speculation) this may be broadcast-quality audio with ADPCM rather than
telephone-quality 3kHz audio uncompressed?  The broadcast will be split up
into segments, so you can get pieces without downloading the whole thing.
Initially it's audio-only but may add some multi-media stuff, especially for navigation through the sound files.  GIFs of the guest would be an obvious
Some good interviews with Nicholas Negroponte of MIT Media Lab and
Paul Saffo of Institute for the Future.  No mention of encryption, MIME,
pricing, retransmission policy, etc.  Some nice commentary on the relationship
between this and the broadcast industry.
Computer fu.  Gratuitous NREN fu.  No blood but a little Gore.
Joe Bob says "Check it out!"

@_date: 1993-05-01 21:29:15
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: TALK, ACTION, CHANGE Re: Cryptography 
Mike Godwin replies:
Both of you are, of course, right :-)  One of the valuable things about
cypherpunks is that there *has* been a fair amount of action,
though every once in a while we need to step back and ask
"What are we DOING here?".  As one of the manifestoes around says,
"Cypherpunks write code."  PGP has had a remarkable success in getting
strong crypto out to thousands of people, increasing the interest in
the technical community and reaching out to other communities,
and giving us something that, if push comes to shove, we can use
to communicate with no chance of government eavesdropping.  That's good.
When it first came out, I got a copy for just that reason,
because strong crypto may later be banned.  I've also got RIPEM,
which is legally kosher, though it doesn't have the key distribution /
certification infrastructure that's been built with PGP.  (Yet!)
PGP has been a really useful research tool for that.
However, for many of us, using PGP for non-research applications,
like sending messages to our friends, IS in violation of RSA's patents.
Ripping off your allies is a bad policy; better to turn competitors into friends.
I don't happen to like algorithm patents, and I especially dislike
the overbroad claims made by the collection of patents held by PKP,
but R,S,&A, and Diffie and Hellman, HAVE given us some really powerful
techniques that we wouldn't have had if they hadn't developed or published.
They've been relatively flexible about free licenses, the RSAREF code lets us do real work within a reasonably broad framework,
and while they've written some heavy cease-and-desist threats to some  of us,
they *haven't actually sued any of us, and as far as I can tell they're
basically on our side of the people-vs-government-control game.
We need to work together with them, though obviously we need to keep trying
to convince them to let us do more, either for free or for money;
I hope they'll turn around.  PGP has certainly been a catalyst for getting
them to address our part of the market....
Whenever possible, at least for the next 5-7 years until the patents expire,
I'm planning to put up with the limits of their licenses for production code,
though research is a different story.  Besides, there's a certain amount of
hack value in programming with one hand tied behind your back :-) ;
we can do just about everything we need using the RSAREF interface, though
some applications would be simpler and cleaner without its limitations.
One especially nice thing about RSAREF is the ability to use our work
internationally.  Sure, they're covering their behinds by forbidding
export of the RSAREF code, but they haven't told use we can't
export code written to use their interfaces, or forbidden us to
use RSAREF to communicate across the political borders.
Using illegal code like PGP to do so creates too much opportunity
for the SS/NSA/etc to bust us, even if RSA hasn't pressed charges.
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-05-05 07:26:47
@_author: Bill_StewartHOY0021305 
@_subject: 'zines 
If memory serves me correctly, ZENGER is Ben Masel's paper;
it's mainly oriented towards hemp activists (and users),
but also covers other civil-liberties issues.
Peter Zenger was a publisher in New York during colonial times.
He was arrested for publishing Bad Things about the King, which was illegal.
His trial was helped reinforce important legal precedents for
preserving our freedoms - the facts weren't particularly in dispute
(he had published the pamphlets, and they did say things the King didn't like),
but the jury found him innocent because they thought the law was bad,
and juries under the common law have always had the right to judge the law as well as the facts, no matter what the judge says.
For more information about this, write to
The Fully Informed Jury Association (FIJA), Box 59, Helmville, Montana 59843;
this may be an old address, since Larry Dodge has moved to Texas,
but there may be mail forwarding.

@_date: 1993-05-19 18:12:27
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: TEMPEST 
Both techniques are used.  You can either buy TEMPEST-designed equipment,
which is designed for low emissions, separation of signals between classified
and unclassified components, shielded cables, etc., or you can build a shielded box or room and use special filtered power supplies, fiber optics, etc.
The exact standards are classified, but they're a lot stricter than FCC Class A or B.
The shielded-room vendors out there also sell to the electromagnetic-compatibility-
testing market, who want to have nice quiet rooms to measure emissions from their
equipment in.  Last time I saw one of these rooms built, about 5 years ago,
typical construction used plywood sheets with thick sheet metal on each side, fancy connectors between plywoods, copper-wool crammed in any cracks,
and special waveguide meshes for air vents and fiber-optic communication cables,
and gives about 100-120 dB shielding for frequencies up to about 1-10GHz.
Twenty years ago, typical construction used copper screening and was good to ~60dB.
About 3-4 years ago, the typical cost for a TEMPEST PC was ~$4000 more than
the non-TEMPEST equivalent, and the equipment was maybe 1 year behind the
commercial models due to integration and testing time.
TEMPEST mini-computers, if they were small enough, generally took the approach of putting the standard versions of the machine in a box built like the TEMPEST rooms;
TEMPEST PCs had a somewhat more integrated design, though they were starting to use
commercial motherboards.

@_date: 1993-05-20 16:30:18
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: TEMPEST and other "neat stuff" 
Paul Ferguson, fergp at sytex.com, posts excerpts from an article on TEMPEST.
With all due respect :-), the article is largely nonsense.
This is distinctly not the case.  You can take any countermeasures you want.
The precise standards are classified (some SECRET, some CONFIDENTIAL COMSEC),
so you can't find out how good the government's abilities to eavesdrop are,
or precisely what level of protection the government thinks is necessary
to protect classified information, or how good the NSA thinks the Russians are,
but as long as you're not using classified information as your sources,
you can do anything you want.  (If you're not protecting yourself *enough*,
the FCC will get on your case, but over-protection is fine.)
TEMPEST isn't particularly about transients or electromagnetic pulses, it's about overall electromagnetic emissions.  Electromagnetic Pulses are the big fast spikes you
get from nuclear explosions (or similar slower spikes from lightning, etc.)
and the techniques you use for protection against EMP don't solve your TEMPEST problems, and vice versa, though both kinds of protection are some help for the other.
In my previous incarnation as a Tool of the Military-Industrial Complex,
I never saw TEMPEST expanded as an acronym in any of the documents I read.
More specifically, a device that's been tested by an NSA-approved testing lab
and has all the paperwork blessed by the NSA is TEMPEST-certified.
The NSA puts out an "Evaluated Products List" (the name changes every
couple of years) which has approved TEMPEST hardware, NCSC-Orange-Book rated
operating systems, etc.
The Wang Labs people probably had access to the classified documents -
if you have them, you're responsible for not giving out classified information,
and material derived from classified information might deserve classification.
But that's not the same as saying it's "born classified", which is how
nuclear weapons design information is treated (no comments on the legality
of that approach...)  Now, it may be that the NSA are overzealous in presuming
the classified nature of the material in the presentation before hearing it;
I don't know the details of the case, but access to classified material
legitimately affects your ability to discuss its contents in public.
(*My* copy of the Constitution doesn't say that foreign nationals are
excluded from "the people" who have specific rights to due process,
and the 14th Amendment clearly requires at least the States not to deprive
*any* person of life, liberty, or property without due process, and not to deny equal protection to anyone within its jurisdiction,
as well as not abridging privileges or immunities of U.S. citizens.
Somehow the recent governments haven't felt that applies to them or something...)
In the case of the Crippler Chip, however, you knew it had a built-in wiretap
when you bought it, which changes some of the reasonable expectations about
privacy a bit.

@_date: 1993-05-25 13:29:40
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Something just sunk in... 
Presumably one court order will cover any phones involved in conversations
with your, er, the alleged perpetrator of some as-yet-unidentified crime's house.
After all, they can't tell in advance what phones would actually be in use,
since serial numbers are presumably not registered at time of purchase,
and it's possible to move the phones around.
Assuming symmetric use of keys, it's more efficient for them to only subpoena keys for phones actually in the house, since this catches both ends of the conversation,
but that depends on what they can talk a judge into permitting.
Since there have been no statements from the Feds about who pays for *single* phones,
except Ed Meese's line about "People who are innocent usually aren't suspects",
the case of all 6 phones isn't much different, though if you are tried and found
innocent you may be able to force them to disclose which of your phones they've
actually subpoenaed keys for.  It's probably viewed as a "not our problem" issue, just as your legal costs for your defense aren't usually reimbursed unless they've
been grossly out of line and you sue them successfully, a la Steve Jackson.
The White House press releases haven't answered the question of exactly who gets
access to your keys once subpoenaed, or whether they have to destroy them if you're found innocent, or not eventually charged with a crime, or whatever.
It will probably be left up to the courts to decide.

@_date: 1993-05-25 19:04:18
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Steganography 
That's not too risky for graphics, since many scanned pictures aren't
based on raw A/D converter output; they've been processed and squashed down
to some smaller number of bits.  A more serious concern is compressibility -
a real image file is probably more compressible than a file with the
low-order bit replaced by a crypto-bit, since the real data has moderate
correlation and the crypto-bits are random.  I doubt the Feds will immediately
start looking to see if you're shipping GIF files that have significantly
worse compression than average, but they'd probably find something if they did it.

@_date: 1993-05-25 19:10:51
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: SIGINT and TEMPEST follies 
In cypherpunks, fergp at sytex.com (Paul Ferguson) replied to my article
(elisions[...] added)
Ok, there may be standards that aren't classified.  (Good!)
I was referring to NACSIM 5100, 5100A, 5203, and their friends;
different generations of the documents are NACSEM rather than NACSIM.
I'm not arguing about whether the stuff works, I believe that :-)
VT100s and Brother electronic typewriters are two other classic emitters;
I hadn't heard that the IBM was loud, but it's certainly a good target.
The wording *is* relevant when you're discussing whether a proposed
acronym is real or made-up-to-fit, and as I said,
and the proposed expansions are really stretching credibility,
as were the quoted article's contentions that using TEMPEST protection
was illegal.
If it really is, it sounds like they made up the name TEMPEST first and stretched
the words *real* hard to fit, since it's not really about EMP.
Sure, but if you're a pro-government court trying to rationalize the
behavior of government officials, as the courts have been doing lately,
the fact that most Americans haven't read the White House Press Releases
or the New York Times won't be given much respect - they've found a presumed lack of privacy in the use of cordless phones, and I'll bet you
a floppy disk they'll find some excuse to support unauthorized wiretapping
of Crippler* phones if the things become widespread.
Yeah.  Actually, I won't mind much if government officials use the system
when for their internal communications; it's presumably fairly secure,
and makes it possible to subpoena "secure" conversations by government officials
if we need to, though it does risk giving the NSA more power over the rest of the government if they've stolen the keys.
* Clipper is a trademark of Intergraph.

@_date: 1993-05-26 17:12:40
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Steganography and Steganalysis 
and other fun things...
Hmmm...  While this certainly does provide some privacy, it also can break things,
which is not nice to do to other people's messages.  For example,
if other people are encoding messages in trailing spaces or tabs in netnews messages,
you'll replace their hidden messages with your own :-)
I don't know if there's much news out there with Content-Length: headers or other
byte-counting headers that would be disrupted; Lines: is obviously not bothered.
On the other hand, if the messages that appear to be flowing through your site
are really being generated there, either as forgeries of messages from other people,
or forgeries of messages from anonymous posting sites, or are forged messages
you're really posting through an anonymous posting site, you gain about the same
effect (assuming your forgery is good enough to not attract attention.)
(Forging messages from other people is best done either with cooperative people,
or fake people, or people who don't mind like MAILER-DAEMON%Fidogate at BAR.BiTNet.)

@_date: 1993-05-31 20:54:58
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Electronic Contracts 
Don't know if there have been specific tests of it in courts, but, yes,
signing contracts is definitely something people want digital signatures for.
Also, anything else that requires a signature, we'd like to be able to sign digitally, so we can do it online instead of hauling paper around.
That's not just a cypherpunk thing, it's what a large fraction of the
business community would like to be able to do - it speeds business cycles, cuts ordering time, and means we don't have to keep all this paper around,
especially in storage; while the paperless office won't be reality for a while,
it would really be nice if we could store the important stuff digitally,
where it's easy to retrieve later, and save paper for transient uses like convenient reading, unlike the current situation where digital is for convenience but the important stuff is paper that has to be stored somewhere
A certain amount of this has been done with the various telex networks;
I get the impression from somewhere that a telex can be a legal document
for things like sending purchase orders, just like paper can; it will be
interesting to see if fax acquires the same status, but forging a fax
is terribly easy, just as email is.

@_date: 1993-11-15 14:20:38
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Key Servers and True Names 
"L. Detweiler", or someone using his name, is a bit confused about
what keyservers are for - they're a convenience for making keys
readily available, and reducing the chances of getting a spoofed key.
The way to do a True Name Users Group is through key certification -
create a key called "L. Detweiler's True Name Certifier "
and use that key to sign keys for people who present real, non-forged
authentication papers, signed statements, or whatever credentials
you trust for demonstrating True Names.  People can add that
signature to the list of signatures they haul around on their public key.
I normally only use variants on my real name, with the exception of one
nym I use for anonymous posting, which is clearly a non-real name,
except when I'm using someone else's name for humor value,
or bogus names for junk mail reduction/identification (e.g.
Time Stewart or Junk Mail Stewart).
# Bill Stewart  Old address: wcs at anchor.ho.att.com AT&T Bell Labs, Holmdel, NJ
# After 10/15, NCR, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204, email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com

@_date: 1993-11-15 15:06:11
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: BAY AREA: Schneier Book gone from Cody's 
(If we had a newsgroup instead of a mailing list, I could send this to
ba.cypherpunks instead)
I got their last one about 5pm Sunday; when I went to the information
desk to ask if they had it, the clerk's response was along the lines of
"Cryptography - oh, the blue one?  It's been really selling hot -
we just got tehm in this morning and you're getting the last one."

@_date: 1993-11-30 19:57:52
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Signing Keys for Nyms and Digibank Users 
X-Note: This isn't a Detweiler-flame, it's a mostly technical discussion
A While Back, L. Detweiler asked:
There's a couple of issues here, some of which we haven't beaten to death:
- what you're claiming to be the truth by signing the key
- can you be sure you're signing a key for the *real* imaginary identity,
- if the pseudonym is one of yours, are you giving away its identity
The purpose of signing keys, in my opinion, is to verify that,
if you're using a given key to talk to a given person or entity,
does that key really belong to that entity, or is it a key the
KGB/NSA/Mafia/Wiretaps-R-Us substituted for the real key.
You're not necessarily claiming that the name on the key is the
person's Government-Approved True Name, though government ID
is one way you could help verify that the person you meet at a conference
claiming to be "Tim May" is the real "Tim May" you've been sending
email to all these years, and not some NSA guy or Eric Hughes in disguise.
The government already supports government-approved fictional people
with government-approved names - corporations.
The quality of the introduction you're providing to other people
may be affected by how well you verify that you're talking to the
person you think you are, and by how well you know them,
and ought to indicate this.  If you're giving away PGP at, say,
a trade show or conference or rave, you probably should
create a separate public key for doing those signatures, e.g.
so people know this isn't the usual high quality intro you normally provide.
Verifying that you're talking to the right person for a pseudonym is tough.
If you're having a conversation by email, it's really hard,
unless you and the nym share some private knowledge that the
Wiretaps-R-Us folks wouldn't have access to and that isn't on the
Usenet CD-ROM collection, which is unlikely unless you know the
pseudonym-user personally and are sure they've been using that name.
I know a couple of people who use the names "Hobbit" and "Wookie",
in real life as well as on the net (though that's probably not what their mothers call them :-), and I'd have no problems signing keys for them as long as the keys indicated *which* Hobbit and Wookie they are.
Similarly, I've got a number of relatives who've changed their names
(show biz, Anglicizing, personal weirdness, etc.), and I'd have
no problems signing keys for them under either their government-approved
names, birth names, work-use names, family-use names, or whatever.
On the other hand, I'd have real trouble signing keys for Wonderer,
Dark Unicorn, or strnlght at netcom.com because I haven't met them
personally, and only have the consistency of their email addresses
to verify who they are - and I haven't tried checking their
articles to know what to look for to check whether an email
request claiming to be from one of them looks unforged.
If I remember right, none of these people puts a PGP Key ID or fingerprint
in their posting signatures, so I don't have that clue available -
that would increase my confidence a lot.  But I still couldn't be sure.
I once got a phone call from someone claiming to be Bob Morris (Sr.),
about some computer security problems I was having, who pointed
out that I couldn't really verify it was *him* I was talking to.
(If I'd called him back, I'd at most know it was someone at his desk
or someone hacking the phone system.)  If I wanted to sign his key,
I'd create a special "Unix Hacker who claimed to be Bob Morris" key
to sign it with, if he told me the key words from that conversation,
and you could decide how much to trust that introduction.
There are a couple of of my own nyms I've signed keys for (using other nyms),
when I was demonstrating how the signature stuff worked
to somebody who uses an anonymous remailer (and had already
figured out that I was the person who used one of those nyms
due to the anon.penet.fi remailer behavior; I knew his address
because he'd included a signature in one of his anonymous postings.)
On the other hand, if I really cared about preserving the anonymity
of the nym-user, and it was somebody I knew in person, or myself,
I probably wouldn't sign it with my real key - it may be relatively obvious
that "Bill The Dragon-Basher" whose key was signed by "Bill Stewart" was me,
but I'd rather not have to deal with a court subpoena or Mafia equivalent
trying to find the users of the keys for "Crypto International, Ltd." or
"Coalition Against the U.S. Invasion of Cuba" or "Some Unapproved Religion" or
"Bear's Custom Chemicals" or an anonymous Panamanian bank account that's mine.
But if the keys are only signed by other nyms, how trustable are they?
If I ran a digibank, I'd be real hesitant about accepting changes of
address or public-key unless I had some physical verification or other
securely shared secret to avoid eavesdropper and interloper attacks,
but one of the goals of digital banking is that you're not supposed
to need physical transactions.  I suppose an initial account set up
by sending the bank a message with a Secret and a public key and a bunch of digibucks might do the job, with some cut&choose protocols
to decrypt the digibucks if the account is approved?
# Bill Stewart  Old address: wcs at anchor.ho.att.com AT&T Bell Labs, Holmdel, NJ
# After 10/15, NCR, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204, email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com

@_date: 1993-10-06 05:49:14
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: POISON PILL 
Thermite, for instance :-)
Actually, that could get you nicked for arson of Federal property,
which carries substantial jail terms (a couple of anarchists who
burned a government-owned flag a few years ago got 10+ years for it.)
Releasing viruses can also get heavy penalties; keeping the malfunction (excuse me, "different data storage parameters") within your own
machine is more likely to be safe, though destroying data on "Federal interest computers" (which manages to include banks and a few
other things as well as government-owned systems) is also illegal,
and your machine becomes a Federal interest machine if they steal it.
You could do something really hostile, like have it boot OS/2 if someone gives the wrong password :-)

@_date: 1993-10-06 15:05:22
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: digicash 
Yes, as Bob said, digicash *does* sound like play money,
as any fiat currency is.  Gold and silver are, in many cultures,
useful real money, partly because they're useful or decorative,
durable, and hard to make more of, occasional gold rushes excepted :-)
It's also hard to debase, though some coin-makers have short-weighted their
coinage, or even talked people into accepting cheaper metals.
Leaves are also pretty and conveniently grow on trees, but aren't good money.
Ultimately, it's worth whatever goods and services people are willing
to give you in exchange for it.
Paper money with numbers on it is easy to print more of;
some governments realize that and abuse people's trust of them,
leading to mild-to-medium inflation rates in many countries,
and hyper-inflation in countries that think they can print it faster
than people can switch to less volatile currencies (Israel went through
a period where their pound was inflating so fast that most people
switched over to dollar-based price indexing until the government started
behaving again; governments like the U.S. realize they can steal a lot more
money if they do it slowly.)  I once saw a board game that used real
Nicaraguan 50,000 cordoba notes as money - they were cheaper than printing good-looking play money from scratch :-)
Bits are also easy to make more of, though it may be more work if you want
them to be prime numbers or whatever.  In order to make them useful and
not inflated, they either have to be directly pegged to a good or service
that people want, and offered by someone reasonably trustworthy,
or otherwise tied to something of stable value.  Metro or BART tickets
are magnetic cards with bits on them, which people are willing to pay money for
because they know they'll get subway rides in return for them,
and aren't likely to be defaulted on.  Telephone cards are easy for the phone to make, but people accept them for the same reason.
For digicash tokens that _aren't_ tied to a single service provider,
you typically need some other reason to trust the issuers not to make lots of them - people accept EFT, money orders, travellers' checks, and personal
checks from a variety of issuers because they know they can get regular cash
in return for them, and because business and legal relationships are there
to such an extent that people don't usually default on them, though
merchants often charge service charges to make up for the costs of redemption
and the risk of defaults, especially for foreign transactions.
Digicash could work the same way, only instead of Western Union accepting cash
at one office and telegraphing a request to pay cash at another office,
we're hauling the email around ourselves.  Authentication theory is fun, and a good subject for university research,
and the economics are important as well, since you'd need to make a profit
to bother running all the computation that the system costs,
but ultimately, it won't happen until some entrepreneur or group of
fanatics :-) decides to get down and do it.  Most of the current similar systems either don't give you anonymity, or do so by using pre-paid tokens;
anything fancier is cutting into relatively untapped markets.

@_date: 1993-10-06 15:15:30
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Standard Headers for Anonymous Remailers 
X-Anonymousity: none
Putting anonymity indications in message headers is a useful courtesy;
it's not foolproof, since somebody can always go run their own remailer,
but standardization would make it easier for most people to use them
consistently from their mail/news readers.  There are times when people
really need to get rid of lots of anonymous messages, such as harassment
or mailbombs or freaked-out gateways, basically for self-defense,
and this will make it more convenient.

@_date: 1993-10-06 15:25:23
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Crypto Idea; Multi-Part Sigs 
Carl's comment that, for RSA, decryption and signing are really identical,
gets to the heart of the matter.  Hal posted a method for letting N people
together do the operations.  For N people separately, a trusted mailer
run by one of the people can solve the decryption problem
(RSA-decrypts the session key using its private key, RSA-encrypts it with the public keys for all the recipients, retransmits), and it's ok to trust it
since the list-runner is allowed to see the messages anyway.
This nethod tends to require the sign-N-times method of encryption or signature,
whish is boring but adequate for many needs, unless you want the
users to be anonymous.  The N of M signature method from Shamir doesn't work
will if you want to preserve anonymity of members of the group, and giving
everybody in the group their own copy of the key also may have drawbacks.

@_date: 1993-10-08 10:55:45
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: FIDONet Mail filterin 
Well, keeping things encrypted helps, especially backup disks -
one site was being generally harassed and may be convicted because of possible child pornography that the sysop had deleted but was still on backup floppies in his re-use bin.  (Police got a 15-year-old kid to log in for them and find some adult material, but dropped that attempt
probably because it would have been thrown out as entrapment;
the child-porn gave them a much nastier charge to use to steal the computer.)
Perry> Censoring your users mail will not lower your risk, so why do it?
On the other hand, making sure your users *have* email on the system,
especially mail in transit to other systems, is good protection,
since the ECPA limits what they can do with it.

@_date: 1993-10-08 13:39:22
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: The death of the list as we know it (tm) 
Another crypto newsgroup would be superfluous - we can talk technical
on sci.crypt, politics on talk.politics.crypto, and get away with talking
about implementation on sci.crypt, especially if sci.crypt.research gets
created to provide a more pure crypto newsgroup.  Yes, cypherpunks is
already too high volume, but it does serve a purpose, and most of us
could hack a forwarder into digesters or local newsgroups to feed our favorite
newsreaders if we really wanted to....		Bill

@_date: 1993-10-08 17:05:48
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: distributed autonomous networks 
Obviously, if we do a radio solution, the equipment ought to be attached
to cans marked W.A.S.T.E  :-)
At least in the US, you don't have to pirate radio frequencies;
there are a few bands that are available for uncensored low-power use,
though some of them may require spread-spectrum.
Meteor Burst is real stuff, though the last time I knew a little about it
the bandwidth was pretty low; e.g. you got 300 baud average throughput
doing bursts of 4800 baud with really heavy-duty forward error correction,
since it's a pretty sporadic medium.  Power usage is really low,
and typical applications are things like telemetry from snow-depth recorders
out in the mountains, where line-of-sight is essentially unavailable.
I don't know how much bandwidth or area you get out of it, or how traceable
it is - our meteor expert retired years ago, and was looking at problems like
how to build radio data networks that weren't bothered by nuclear explosions.
If there's a spare satellite slot available, ALOHANET technology is a reasonably
efficient way to use it.

@_date: 1993-10-08 17:39:28
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: second order homophonic substitution 
You don't need to do a full table of 2^16 bytes to handle real data -
you could use 4-bit nibbles if you wanted, so each byte of steganotext has
4 bits of real data (which is cyphertext) and 4 bits of fake data.
The steganotext is still twice the size of the plaintext, though.
However, your key doesn't need to contain the whole table - you can use
a much shorter key to describe a tour through the table or other method of filling it, where the key is the seed to a PRNG, which doesn't even need
to be cryptographically strong, just decently random.  This approach lets you use either 4x4 tables for compactness or 8x8 tables for efficiency.
One way to make the decryption algorithm not reveal its purpose is to have
one of the key parameters be a bitmask showing which 4 or 8 bits
to keep out of the 8 or 16 output bits from the table.
The (fake) encryption algorithm should have some feature
to generate random bits using a hard-to-reproduce PRNG (e.g. the middle
4 or 8 bits of a 64-bit-wide PRNG), or something else obfuscatory,
allowing the real cyphertext to be patched in through a less visible program,
or through an obvious-functionality program like a one-time-pad xor.
(Perhaps the PRNG could have parameters that, given all-zero input,
produces all-zero output, or something similar that lets you use the
same program for real and fake.)
Now, the Bad Guys, if they're any good, will notice the 2:1 compression,
and may suspect something's up, since they're archiving this posting :-).
You can also do ratios other than 2:1, if you're willing to waste space.
However, the algorithm does look like something an amateur would come up
with to be the latest "nobody can crack my new complicated cypher",
and it's tough to prove otherwise, since the real cyphertext is just
raw bits unless you have the keys...   Its effectiveness depends on whether they know that I know that they know that...
and on whether they ask you in court, under penalties of perjury,
whether this is the only key to the cypher, and whether you're really obligated
to tell the whole truth in addition to telling them the truth and nothing
but the truth.  But truth is pretty complicated stuff, and once you start
explaining the mathematical details of the PRNGs you use and how you know
they're good stuff, and how quantum mechanics relates to the ability to
send keys without eavesdropping, and the effects of quantum on epistemology,
and what Knuth was talking about on page N of volume 2, they'll probably give
up and decide it's irrelevant technicalities...

@_date: 1993-10-08 19:46:00
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: brin on privacy 
peter writes
He's probably right.  (Of course, *most* laws made by the Rich and Powerful
will be used to cement their power base, so this is just a special case....)
Some examples that have been discussed on the net include the British
data privacy laws that limit the personal-information databases that you can keep without formal notification to the people contained in them
(and to the government.)  The fact that you've got a computer
and are using it in ways that indicate you have *some* database capability
but haven't registered has been used as an excuse to search people's computers.
Of course, if you *have* registered, then they can search to be sure
you don't have any data you've forgotten to mention....
It's not an uncommon thing to find among people who believe in things
but don't think about the implications of implementing those beliefs, as well as with people who are messing with really complicated technology.

@_date: 1993-10-13 08:42:03
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum Nets (Way to do safely) 
It's more than just purloined-letter issues - it's *legal*.
That means that the FCC won't be triangulating around to find and destroy
your transmitters, which is good.  So you're back to threats from
the CIA/DEA/NSA/FBI, pigeons, vandals, etc., and encryption and spread-spectrum
make it a lot easier to avoid problems from frustrated cops.

@_date: 1993-10-14 09:32:15
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
Stuart Card suggests that, even if PCS devices are individually billed,
a company could buy a herd of PCS accounts and rent them out to prepaid
anonymous users, without the PCS vendor having to know individual IDs;
the risk is that anonymous deadbeat users can rent them, run up big bills,
and not pay.  ("Let's rent sushi-net and not pay!")
"What important point am I missing here?"
Well, if PCS billing options are sufficiently flexible, XYZ corp could
keep each account registered for a certain amount of usage with the PCS vendor;
the user pays the rent to XYZ in digicash, and prepays for however many minutes of sushi-net he wants, and can update payments as he goes along,
akin to putting more coins in a payphone.
If you want convenience, prepay a lot, and only send updates occasionally;
if you only make small payments, you may get hit with more transaction  charges
by paying more often.  The exposure of the reseller is limited by the amount
of deposit kept with the PCS accounts, or equivalently, the maximum charge
permitted for the PCS accounts, and this may get handled by a prepayment deposit.
The exposure of the customer is limited both by the prepayment amount he selects,
and on the ability to tell the bank which digibucks were ripped off if the
reseller defaults, if the digicash system supports that.
Similarly, my exposure to ripoffs by the subway system is limited to how
much I want to spend on metro tickets, as well as my ability to take
(at the cost of anonymity) a bad metro ticket into the office and
yell at people :-)
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030
After 10/15, NCR, Pleasanton CA, Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone/email TBD

@_date: 1993-10-14 15:40:00
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Generating random numbers from english text 
Bob Baldwin, describing Shannon's info theory stuff, said:
Actually, if you've got an audio input on your computer, one way to generate "true" randomness for use in keys or whatever would be to turn on the microphone
and _speak_ about any topic for a few seconds, and take the MD-5 of the sound
file; the differences in voice, timing background noise, microphone quality, etc.,
ought to add a lot to the randomness.  (Or else, turn on the mike and type
N random characters and record them :-)

@_date: 1993-09-08 18:12:08
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: ViaCrypt export? 
Felix Ungman felix at hu.se asks?
I would guess that they're not willing to put up with the export law nonsense
required to export the product.  (If they do, more power to them!)
If the offensive export-prevention laws weren't there, and if other governments
didn't have offensive import-harassment and crypto-harassment laws,
then they'd probably decide whether they could make enough money by providing a supported product and pretty manuals to people who can get the net-version free,
just as companies like Cygnus are providing commercial support for free GNUware.
However, governments have not yet realized that they're obsolete, so you folks won't have that option. :-(
Physical-Address: North America, right hand coast, near the middle.

@_date: 1993-09-08 18:22:08
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Gubment Bombmaker's Cookbook 
A friend of a friend has it on the kitchen shelf along with her other cookbooks
Unfortunately, cops don't seem to have figured out that Anarchy isn't
against the law, it's just opposed to it.
(Shhhh!  They've only discovered child-porn and rec.humor so far;
next they'll figure out the pyros and pagans are there,
and then they'll decide some nonsense about talk.religion violating
separation of church and state and go after Phil Karn for creating it :-)

@_date: 1993-09-15 10:49:22
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: caching scripts 
Hal writes, on the subject of filler messages
This is a way to increase the public's annoyance with remailers,
when what we need to do is increase their acceptance of them.
It also doesn't work - a cleartext message saying "Please ignore"
is visible to any eavesdropper, an encrypted message to a real person
is annoying and non-readable, and an encrypted message to a bogus person
will usually generate bounce-mail (which is obvious to eavesdroppers),
or will at least drop on an operator's floor, annoying the operator.
If we can get a reasonable number of remailers operating,
it makes much more sense to have standard bit-bucket addresses,
and if we want to get more traffic to sites that aren't obviously remailers,
we need to get their permission.  This can either be done by asking people
(which the Bad Guys can watch), or perhaps by providing some semi-useful service,
like a netnews test sink or mail-a-joke or something; even those tend to be obvious - unless they can also be remailers or at least require crypto or other illegible data input.

@_date: 1993-09-16 21:44:52
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Random Numbers 
I was under the impression that mjr's suggestion was to use the randseed
the same way it's being used now, only to store it encrypted instead of clear.
This has some advantages - stealing it is now much less useful.
On the other hand, it means you need to use your secret key when
encrypting files, as well as when decrypting or signing them,
which increases the exposure of your secret key as well as being annoying.
If the IDEA key is generated by a one-way function such as MD5,
it's ostensibly 2**128 work to duplicate an MD-5 hash, and
potentially 2**400-2**500 work to generate the input to the hash
(which is essentially impossible, since the input:hash is N:1, not 1:1.)
Of course, it's still easy to implement wrong, leading to lossage :-)
But even something as simple-minded as
would be pretty secure (and the real thing also includes timestamp and MD5 of the message, further randomizing it; haven't looked at the randseed code.)
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-09-20 11:39:58
@_author: Bill Stewart +1-908-949-0705 wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Restrictions on crypto exports 
Mike - you write that an FTP archive is a library open to the public.
While it looks like one to me, the important thing is convincing a grand jury
or jury that it's true, or heading off a prosecutor who'll try to paint
ftp archives as 'subversive hacker BBSs' or nonsense like that.
(Which won't stop them from treating them as libraries if it's useful
for other things they're doing.)  Until there are some court cases setting
precedent one way or the other, they can try to construe it narrowly when they want narrow and broadly when they want broad.  It would seem that some
cheap insurance in cases like this is to make sure that most of the interesting
material finds its way into paper libraries, and start documenting it.
Do you know if anyone's doing this in an organized fashion?
(I'm in the process of moving west, so I can't start doing this with my
friendly town librarian, but I may try once I'm resettled.)

@_date: 1993-09-20 14:01:14
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: meaningless rumor 
If memory serves me correctly, Phil's original PGP offered DES and bass-o-matic,
and the IDEA encryption was implemented in the Europeans PGP2.0 version
(though I don't know if it was done by Phil or by Europeans, I think the latter.)
This means that the IDEA implementation was imported by person or persons unknown,
presumably including Phil and many others.  During one round of Sternlight Wars,
I proposed doing a U.S. implementation, but John Gilmore convinced me that
importing software is legal under the then-existing ITAR wording.
This could be an opportunity to test it in court.

@_date: 1993-09-20 22:46:23
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: MISC: thought for the day 
.... and of course
The classic Roman Republic policy on information from enemy traitors was
to accept it, use it, kick the enemy's butt, and then kill the traitor. By the time of the Empire, haggling over price was a bit more flexible.
After all, if you're trying to protect your own city, winning is everything.
And if you're off trying to conquer other cities to increase the riches and power of the generals who run your army, honor's not a concept you
want to over-analyze :-)   For more precise references, and less cynicism,
you'll need to contact my 8th grade Latin teacher...
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030

@_date: 1993-09-22 08:06:53
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Why RSA? 
If you buy it now, it's $100; even $199 is within the
realm of what corporate customers consider non-annoying,
especially since volume discounts kick in very rapidly.
(Q5 = $120 each, Q20 = $83 ea, Q50+ = negotiable.)
$100 is within my pain threshhold, and that of most serious
non-student cypherpunks, though I'd be much happier at $49.95,
and I'd guess they'd get more up-front cypherpunk revenue.
I'm not sure the legalities of buying ViaCrypt PGP and then using
the latest off-the-net version with trustable source and fewer bugs,
but I'd feel better about that than just using PGP without a license.
I don't know if ViaCrypt includes any distinguishing features
that let you tell a ViaCrypt PGP message from a Real PGP message -
they could do subtle stuff like make the session keys all include some checksum (e.g. be a multiple of N mod M),
or crude stuff like put "Version 2.3ViaCrypt" in the headers,
which would let them detect non-ViaCrypt PGP users.
I assume not, but I haven't seen it.
Basically, there are the patents themselves.
Check your favorite FTP sites, including rsa.com,
and ask your favorite mathematically-trained patent lawyer
how realistic the claims are and how much broad the interesting ones are.
To avoid patent problems, either get a license from PKP,
or do any implementations outside the US (it's ok to use the
math as math, you just can't apply it for encrypting stuff),
or work for the U.S. government which gets use of at least RSA free.
If you develop a new public-key algorithm that's any good,
PKP may be willing to make a deal with you.
# Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030
#		goin' where the climate suits my clothes ....

@_date: 1993-09-24 14:07:43
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: NIST Comment Deadline - FAX NUMBER 
I called the person below; the person who answered the phone said that
the director is James Burrows, and his fax is 1-301-948-1784.
Branstad's fax is 948-1233.
ADDRESSES: Written comments concerning the proposed standard should be sent to: Director, Computer Systems Laboratory, ATTN: Proposed FIPS for Escrowed Encryption Standard, Technology Building, room B-154, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Gaithersburg, MD 20899.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Dr. Dennis Branstad, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Gaithersburg, MD 20899, telephone (301) 975-2913.

@_date: 1993-09-27 13:21:16
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Wiretap Article by Dorothy Denning 
It would probably be ok to send to the list, though I suspect most of us have ftp access (it's available on ftp.vortex.com in pub/privacy/wiretap.laws.Z)
either directly by mail, and somebody will probably post it to Usenet soon.
Kaye is my local prosecutor, and while he's not as rabidly corrupt about forfeiture as some of the nearby county prosecutors, he's been relatively
energetic about using and supporting it and finding new things to forfeit property for.

@_date: 1993-09-29 02:31:40
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Disturbing statistics on wiretaps 
Different standards of proof apply to different kinds of court cases.
Criminal cases need "proof beyond all reasonable doubt"; civil cases
tend to need "preponderance of evidence".  Forging email is similar
to forging typed documents - sometimes cases will heavily use evidence like
analysis of individual typewriter characteristics (which was more useful
when people had real manual typewriters than with laserprinters),
other cases won't examine those details unless one side or the other
claims the document isn't theirs or is forged (and remember, this is
typically subject to perjury if you're caught lying.)
If you're being accused of a serious crime with severe penalties,
like murder, an assertion that you didn't type/email something
will be taken seriously, and probably lead to more analysis;
if they can't *really* prove you sent it, that can be grounds for appeal.
But if you're being accused in a civil lawsuit with only monetary damages,
like libel/slander or whatever the legal form was in the case where somebody on a computer network disparaged a company's stock and the directors sued when stock value dropped, the assertion may
be listened to, but even if there aren't enough log-files to strongly
support the assertion that you didn't say it, the jury may decide there's
enough evidence to find for the plaintiff, especially if you were a user
of that computer network and didn't go net.screaming that you'd been impersonated.
(On the other hand, after you lose the libel/slander/etc. suit, if the
government decides to charge you with perjury for saying it wasn't your email,
the log-files and lack of provability become much more relevant.)
Of course, if you're accused of a minor offense with major penalties,
e.g. political crimes like drug possession or trespasses like the E911
document copying, lack of proof will be treated as evidence that you
know something about DRUGGZZZ or HACKING and are therefore EEEVILL and
your penalties will be tripled :-( # Bill Stewart    wcs at anchor.ho.att.com  +1-908-949-0705 Fax-4876
# AT&T Bell Labs, Room 4M-312, Crawfords Corner Rd, Holmdel, NJ  07733-3030
#		goin' where the climate suits my clothes ....

@_date: 1993-09-29 11:56:30
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Clipper specifics 
Actually, it won't be illegal, unless they get CONgress to pass some laws,
but they may be able to do some contractual constraints on it as part of
the process of getting your Skipjack products approved, either through
the current process of export approval, or through the approval process described
in the proposed FIPS (which basically says "Whatever NSA wants");
they could even place restrictions on selling Clipper chips to unapproved It *will* violate the FIPS, if the FIPS gets approved, so you won't be
able to sell SkipJack/LEAF products to the government unless they're capable
of operating without post-encryption.  That doesn't mean they won't buy
dual-mode products that are switchable between secure and FIPS modes,
though obviously the politics of the situation don't make that real likely :-)
An interesting question is whether the export or manufacturing approval processes
will ban the use of Clipper/etc. in programmable devices, either explicitly
user-programmable ones, or devices in which the PROMs are easily replaced.
It costs a little, but using flash-EPROM in a secure phone would make
firmware upgrades easy, and that could include a LEAF-masking option.

@_date: 1993-09-30 09:21:54
@_author: Bill_Stewart_HOY002_1305 
@_subject: Active Eavesdropping of Clipper Phones 
There are a variety of ways around  Diffie-Hellman spoofing.
The current STU-III phones from AT&T, Motorola, etc., use several
approaches - there's the Crypto Igniter Key dongles that you need
to authorize your phone, which provides one form of out-of-band
authentication (partly authentication of the DH keys, but more important
is authentication that the person at the other end is probably cleared
for the level of classification you're running the call at);
there's also an LCD display on the phone that shows the other person's
DH half-key, so you can do voice verification if you want.
They may do other stuff as well.
Scott Collins mentioned the "digital signature on RSA keys",
which the Capstone phones probably do even though Clipperphones probably won't.  There are also tricks about sending half the key
at a time, though they're apparently still hackable.

@_date: 1994-04-01 22:08:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Left, Right, Up, Down--Libertarian Ideas 
Only if you try hard to be inclusive and get people to answer "yes";
if your spin when asking/explaining the question are "no",
you can often conclude that most people are statists and drive away all but the really hard-core libertarians...
I have found, though, that it's biased toward getting a reasonable spread
of answers from average-American types - it doesn't work very well
for people who have a non-mainstream agenda (giving it at a Socialist Scholars'
Conference was *very* interesting, and anarchists tend to either like or hate it or say "so what - you haven't asked any of the *interesting* questions!")
It's a lot more useful for getting people who haven't thought much beyond
the simplified left-right vote-like-(or against)-your-parents view
that the media and mainstream politicians seems to use to think about
what their political views imply, or whether the labels they and their
politicians have been using really match.  And if you don't like it,
you can always chuck it and let the discussion go on from there.
:-) I was surprised to see you two arguing, since you're both anarchists
or variants thereon.
As Sandy points out, for the purposes of keeping crypto legal,
people who support that can be our friends, and people who oppose it
are opportunities for education or maybe targets for pressure.

@_date: 1994-04-04 09:32:02
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: THOUGHT: International Electronic Declaration of Rights 
I don't have the UN rights stuff handy, but most of it's non-useful,
and is a good example of what happens when you let a committee of
governments "define" your "rights" for you.  I've spent more time looking
at the UN treaty on the Rights of the Child (my church was lobbying our
senator about getting the US to sign it, which I had problems with.)
Typical "rights" included the right to free speech, subject to the
needs of a society to preserve public order, the right to freedom
of religion, subject to the needs of a society to preserve public order,
the right to free compulsory education through 5th grade, without
any particular identification of who would be forced to pay for "free",
or acknowledgement of the more important right not to be compelled
to be indoctrinated in whatever the government wants to force you to
believe (e.g. South Africa forbidding public school students to use
their native languages leading to Soweto massacre or France forbidding
female public-school students to wear traditional Arab head-coverings),
the right to national identity cards, etc.
It's a mixture of "rights" that apply unless the government doesn't
want them to, "rights" to have other people do things for you,
rights that are too watered down to be worth the name, and rights that
don't really include enforcement when governments don't honor them.
It did have some meaningful parts - forbidding execution of children,
forbidding drafting children under some age (I think it was 15 or 16) -
and for many governments it would mean positive changes in spite of
all the concessions to letting governments do whatever they want
in the name of "social order".
We can do better than that.

@_date: 1994-04-04 09:36:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Cyberspace, Crypto Anarchy, and Pushing Limits 
Sameer writes, in response to Tim:
Tim's point, though was that we don't "need" cheaper access,
and government-regulation solutions to achieve this pressing social need
are not only bad, but unnecessary - if the government really wants
to provide people with cheaper net access, it can hand them money,
with less distortion of the market than regulation.
One of the problems with the EFF open access proposals is that they
tend to favor, or at least tolerate, regulation of the networks,
which is an invitation to disaster, however well-intentioned it may be.

@_date: 1994-04-05 18:57:08
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: How Many Games of Chess: Exact answer given! 
There are at least 3 others - there's
You can't - after the board has been in the same position three times,
the rules say it's a stalemate.  This lets you calculate an upper bound which somebody did a few days ago.

@_date: 1994-04-05 19:32:06
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: PGP mail disabled ??? 
Some of the FIDO and FIDO-like networks have policies against sending
encrypted email.  I don't know if this means their operators
actually read the messages that go by, or do pattern-matching to look for "BEGIN PGP" or whatever, but they at least have that policy.

@_date: 1994-04-08 01:14:55
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: New ID technique: warning of things to come 
This was mentioned in the press a while back; it's not intended for everyone,
but frequent travellers, including US subjects and non-US-subjects,
would be able to get them to speed going through the border police.
Don't know implementation timeframe, and as Lyle said,
they weren't real explicit about what they planned to do with the
data they collect.  Paper passports and border police are already offensive;
I've got no plans to get more people-control technology applied to me.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-04-10 18:35:11
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: bumperstickers 
Or when they listen to the electromagnetic emanations from your
live non-TEMPEST keyboard :-)

@_date: 1994-04-12 16:19:15
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: alias in phone book 
It may be that, under some monopolies\\\crooks\\bums\\\ Public Utility Commissars, the PUC has made it illegal to avoid Phone Company fees,
or (far more likely) some Phone Companies don't let you do this,
because it *is* a cheap way to get an unlisted number.
I haven't heard of any jurisdictions for which this is true,
but there are 50 sets of PUCs who make random annoying laws,
and a lot of small phone companies as well as the Bells, GTE, Contel, etc.
Most phone companies also let you have additional listings,
usually for a fee, which are good for things like roommates,
spouses with different last names, organization listings that
are really your home phone number, etc.

@_date: 1994-04-14 22:47:41
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: New anon mailer idea? 
The obvious implementation is to add a Generate-Return-Address: header so you can use it if you want it, but won't get one otherwise.
The encryption definitely needs some sort of random padding,
though CBC with a random IV plus length-padding at the end
should probably suffice.
Public key has the advantage that the operator doesn't *need* a database.
If you want to implement use-once addresses (or use-N-times),
you could include a tag with the address (such as the IV),
and reject future messages using that tag (e.g. save a hash of the tag).
You could also implement time-limits by including an expiration date.
Perhaps something S-Key like might be applicable, if you want to stick
to private-key methods?
Matt Ghio's remailer+62647629379278 at wherever.com syntax does this fine.
If desired, you could implement anonymous bit-bucket addresses
this way as well, though they're somewhat more useful if your remailer
generates encrypted outgoing messages.  Alternatively, you can *always*
generate either a real or a bit-bucket return address, and leave it up to
the sender to inform the recipient that there's a probably-working return path.

@_date: 1994-04-14 22:50:17
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: rng, anyone? 
WHile Blum-Blum-Shub is probably the cool way to go,
RSAREF uses repeated iterations of MD5 to generate its pseudo-randoms,
which can be reasonably secure and use code you've probably already got
hooks from perl for.

@_date: 1994-04-17 20:49:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: 'Nother MIT talk on crypto... 
But it's just putting us and the government on a _level playing field_,
isn't it?  That's all we're asking for!
...  Yeah, right.  Like tariffs backed by armed thugs.
Don't know about democracies, but in a free country what the government needs is a good reminder of who's in charge of whom, since the citizens
would be expected to know that already.  And even in a democracy,
if N-1 of the citizens decide that they want to know your key,
they can decide to hire the rubber-hose guys after the fact
if you don't cooperate.

@_date: 1994-04-17 21:10:58
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: rng, anyone? 
Eric et al write:
Or you can delete some bits from the MD5, or, since MD5 takes more input
than it gives output, append a secret value to the MD5 before rehashing.

@_date: 1994-04-17 21:14:26
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Laundering money through commodity futures 
Yeah.  To somebody's comment
my immediate reaction had been to add the word

@_date: 1994-04-17 21:17:39
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Clipper Comparisons for non-geeks 
Yep.  And your car keys.  And your bicycle lock.  And the bag you
deposit your store's money at the bank in.  And of course,
once non-Clipper crypto becomes illegal, if they can't find the escrow
key for your car, they'll just confiscate it - after all, you were
parking it on a public street.

@_date: 1994-04-19 09:51:53
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Laundering money through commodity futures 
One problem with using bet-doubling systems to pay bribes with,
whether it's in the futures market or in the casino,
is that you not only have to convince the bribee to accept the bribe
and participate in a money-laundering process, you have to
get him to be willing to accept a few powers of two losses
before receiving the bribe.  If the bribe is small relative to the
liquidity of the bribee, that's fine, as long as you've got enough
trust between you that the bribee isn't worried about you walking away
when you've won n*2**4 and she's lost it.  But if you're trying to
bribe, say, an enterprising southern lawyer whose husband's a politician,
with a high fraction of her net worth, she's *not* going to be in
a position to cover your bets for n*16 even if she *does* trust you. On the other hand, finding an enterprising broker to switch owners of
futures contracts for a small extra commission may not be so hard.

@_date: 1994-04-19 21:26:41
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority (+Ethics) 
Jeff Davis says:
Jeff, Perry isn't questioning your description of Milgram's experiments,
he was questioning the dates - '76 seems awfully late for that work
to have been new and exciting (as opposed to old and exciting.)
(Yes, that may imply he's questioning your credibility,
or delving into deeper philosophical questions like whether you're really just another incarnation of Detweiler :-)
On the other hand, it may be that the time you heard Milgram speaking
wasn't the *first* time he'd given his talk - he's probably
spoken on the topic a few gazillion times, especially if he's
talking to college audiences...

@_date: 1994-04-19 21:42:03
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: cryptophone ideas 
For full-scale general-purpose computers with post-Pentium CPUs,
it's probably more cost-effective to do any number-crunching in the CPU,
though you can get a lot of crunchons for $25-50 of DSP these days
(if you're willing to add the cost of the I/O interfaces for it.)
Any extra price-performance you gain by skipping it makes the whole system faster, and if you need real-time audio-hacking you can
handle the extra OS overhead if your OS is well-designed.
However, for a cheaper single-purpose device like a fancy-processing phone (whether crypto or high-quality speakerphone or whatever),
the main activities are modeming, A/D conversion, bit-crunching (mostly signal-processing flavors), and some call-setup signalling.
A/D converters live on chips, DSPs are real good at digital signal processing,
modems chips are cheap and software on DSPs is another approach,
and the call-setup logic can fit on almost anything as long as you've got some spare ROM space; your design sophistication and
cost analysis will tell you whether you want to do it on an 8086
(or similar flavor of cheap microcontroller), which has enough horsepower
to do 10 kb/s of crypto in its spare time, or whether to add some program complexity to the DSP instead (popular if you're building ASICs).
Several of AT&T's DSPs have a miminal operating system built in which lets
you switch between different programs easily during processing
(I think it's non-preemptive, so you have to plan a bit in your code,
but it only burns about 5% of CPU for typical applications.)
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-04-19 22:00:20
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Side question on money laundering... 
"Real" casinos are safe unless some state takes the appalling,
disgusting, absolutely un-American step of (gasp!)
re-legalizing gambling.  Fortunately, most states now depend on
the tide of money flowing in from convenience-store lottery sales
enough that they won't allow competition for immoral filthy lucre
(except of course from Bingo at religious institutions and firehalls).
Even New Jersey has state lotteries (though they had to agree to keep
their payouts lower than the Mafia's in order to be allowed to operate :-)
I suspect purely legal Internet gambling would either have to go off-shore,
or convince governments not to be hypocritical about their monopolies.
However, aside from the addictive nature of gambling for some people,
it may be hard for Internet casinos to compete with the rooms full
of blinkenlights and jackpot buzzers, Elvis impersonator conventions,
cheap drinks from tastefully-dressed waitresses, high-roller comps
at hotels, and the lovely Atlantic City beach-front.
They'd probably have to resort to things like charging for extra
bullets in video games or phasor charges in net-trek,
or letting you buy clues in puzzle-style games.  It's a whole new market opportunity, if you're into that sort of thing,
but you may be able to compete for a different style of customer,
which is a good thing in a net full of mathematicians with
automated card-counting programs who *won't* play against stacked odds
just because you've tried to keep them from understanding the rules of craps.
Just my .02 zorkmids.

@_date: 1994-04-19 22:18:41
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Remailer Musings 
Philippe Nave suggests that an anonymous remailer should do more than
delete the originator's origin from a message, it should also try to
hide its own origin.  In some networking protocols, you can do an ok
job of that - dialup networks that don't validate origins, for instance,
though even there the Phone Company may be able to trace who called whom.
With other protocols, you can't cover your tracks very well -
TCP/IP messages do carry their originator's IP address, and there's
no way you can stop the receiving mailer from logging your address
even if you lie to it when generating mail headers; some mailers
not only log your address, but refuse to accept connections if you're lying.
So they're going to find you anyway, if they're determined enough;
the strength in the remailer system comes from the service provided
by the remailer itself, and having the remailer forge its address on
outgoing connections may annoy the people it connects to as much as
being a remailer in the first place.  Remailers become much more
effective when you have a bunch of them in multiple countries,
which makes it much harder for governments to pressure operators,
especially if they want to avoid publicity.
On the other hand, copyright laws are a sticky situation;
Europe and the US operate under common conventions, and there may
be more the US can do in, say, Finland for copyright violations
than they can do for gambling or income tax evasion for a remailer
at credit-suisse.com.ch .

@_date: 1994-04-20 10:26:58
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: What the heck is this? Optical noise encryption? 
Yeah.  On the other hand, chaotic stuff like Mandelbrot and Julia sets
are good for generating lots of pretty pictures to hide steganography
under, as long as you leave out the coordinates you're generating from.

@_date: 1994-04-21 18:32:14
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Spotlight 
The Spotlight *used* to be a really revolting rag; some people I was
talking to recently who were selling it said they've tried to get rid
of the anti-Semitism and racist hate stuff that the Carto folks were pushing
and concentrate more on Truth (or whatever the conspiracy-wacko version of
Truth is at any given time :-).  I didn't buy their magazine to find out
if it's really improved or if they're just saying it, but it was nice to hear them say it.
The other magazine called "Spotlight" I've run into is the New Jersey
Symphony Orchestra's program handout, truly a hotbed of radical
something-or-other-ism :-)

@_date: 1994-04-22 21:11:55
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: THE FREEDOM DAEMON 
Gary Jeffers proposes a system to perform remailing and chat-session relay
which, among other proposed features, propagates itself by virus and worm
approaches; the important issue is not the precise semantics of the differences,
but that the thing tries to spread itself and run without the help or
even permission of the owners of the machines it tries to run on.
This is bad.  It's offensive to try and run your stuff on people's machines
without asking them or informing them.  It can break stuff, it can
hog their resources for your application (which is no more pro-freedom
than having them hog your resources wihtout permission), and it's
*so bloody unnecessary*!  If you make a system that's easy to install
and propagates information about how to get a copy of it (e.g. by sending
header or signature lines in any mail it remails), then you can still propagate your software, but you can do it as a good guy
rather than a bad guy.
I have no more desire to have a "FREEDOM VIRUS" appear on my systems than a "BIG BROTHER VIRUS".

@_date: 1994-04-25 10:31:09
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: THE FREEDOM DAEMON - PART DOUX 
It did look a lot like fiction rather than a plan for real code.
But parts of it didn't look like good ideas.
Ethics don't change - some people just make different decisions about
whether to apply them or not.  Sometimes the applications are different,
if your ethics tell you to treat bad guys differently from good guys
and other people have changed sides.
Same to you, bud :-)

@_date: 1994-04-27 08:49:25
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Information on Internet/Cryptology 
Yeah, the Internet is awfully big these days.  (I started reading Usenet
in the early 1980s when there was less than 1/2 MB per day of news and
you could really read it all at 1200 baud :-)  It's busier now...)
For cryptography, the interesting places I know of are:
- Usenet newsgroups: sci.crypt is the main technical crypto newsgroup
- cypherpunks mailing list (send mail to cypherpunks-request at toad.com
- ftp sites (file transfer protocol - log on as "anonymous", password=yourlogin,
There's also the World Wide Web, which I don't currently have software for,
so I don't know if there are good Web sites yet (I've seen a lot of Web
addresses go by, but most seem to really be ftp sites.)
For finding code, "archie" is useful - telnet to ds.internic.net or archie.ans.net
or archie.rutgers.edu , log in as archie, no password, and then type help
to find out how to use it - it tells you where to find code for ftp.
(Most archie sites actually tell you "There are too many users on
right now, here's a list of other archie sites", and you randomly
pick one in Korea or Israel or somewhere that's not too busy :-)
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-04-27 09:01:23
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority 
The San Francisco papers had a few articles a week ago about the
San Francisco police giving out somebody's address from motor-vehicle
records to her ex-boyfriend who was stalking her, as well as other
private data - he got the information several times as she moved around.
It's supposedly a misdemeanor, but of course the computers don't keep track
of who requested what data, so they don't know which cop you can't trust.
(Anybody who tries stalking me using motor vehicle records will either
wonder how I keep all my furniture in that little box, or else
have to figure out how to find my streeet address from my mailing
address, not that that's real hard...)

@_date: 1994-04-27 09:12:28
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Schneier's source code 
Since it's perfectly legal to *import* crypto code to the US, that's simple -
ship it back to the US to check if it's correct.
You also do checksums for each page and maybe each line,
and have them run the checksums to make sure they've typed the
page correctly as well, but use the ship-back-here method for final diffs.
Meanwhile, since much of crypto is eventually about economics,
it's worth pointing out that you can probably hire typists in Russia
who speak English and C well enough to type it in accurately,
and pay them an amount of money that's small here and quite large there.
I don't know if Russia has crypto import/export laws?  There's certainly
Russian crypto software available in the West.

@_date: 1994-04-30 22:07:15
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Revenge of the Nerds who Missed Woodstock 
Eternal vigilance means Big Brother watching you all the time -
It's what we charge for liberty around here.

@_date: 1994-08-17 18:02:20
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering) 
A major problem with having a single-point aliveness-info source is that
watching traffic to that source gives you some idea who's about to send
anonymous messages - multiple sources mean there are N sources to wiretap
to get the same information, which may be nearly as bad.
On the other hand, a broadcast method like a usenet group has the advantage
that you can read the newsgroup without being very obvious, except locally.
A mailing list is somewhere in between.
Similar problems occur with anonymous single remailers in the absence of good reordering; many new remailer users, or users of unreliable remailers
precede their real anonymous messages with a ping of some sort,
such as a message through the remailer chain pointing back to themselves.
If you're using a news reader without NNTP, or with NNTP only for the
local non-tapped LAN, you may be ok.  Another alternative are mailing lists
(NOT human-readable ones like cypherpunks) which reforward the remailer newsgroup information, preferably encrypted.
Newsgroups are obviously easy to inject bogus information into, but
that's the way it goes; any non-trusted system is, well, non-trusted....

@_date: 1994-08-18 16:17:46
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: EFF on why they did it. 
It's certainly a good start, but the government *does* have other money.
For instance, when Clipper was first announced, they said they wouldn't
need Congressional permission, because they were paying for it out of the
DoJ Super Forfeiture Fund, which had about $2B in money stolen from
users of politically incorrect substances.  I realize that doesn't go very
far when you're talking about restructuring the Global Information Infrastructure.  But it's a lever to get stuff started, then they can
go demanding tax money because you *can't* shut down the Phone Companies!

@_date: 1994-08-18 16:19:05
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: cfs & remailers 
Well, if they won't, I will :-)  You have to define your threats,
or at least think about them a bit.
It's still useful - it lets you protect yourself against attackers who
seize your machine but aren't actively wiretapping.  For instance,
the thugs who raided Steve Jackson Games, etc.  Wiretapping is a lot of work,
and takes a better argument to a fancier judge than simple search warrants.
Even if you are wiretapped, it lets you protect messages that got there
before the wiretap started - it's not surprising to have messages stick around
for a week in a uucp environment, and there are all your UUCP databases.
There's also a legal problem to be addressed, since nobody's established whether
remailer operators are common carriers or co-conspirators or RICO-racketeer
(probably depends on the quality of lawyers you can afford.)  Encrypting your disks makes it *much* harder for them to examine your system until you've had time to get  a lawyer and do things in front of the judge instead of on their own in some back room.

@_date: 1994-08-18 17:17:46
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: RemailerNet 
In particular, this is rather rough on the "reorder and remail after N packets"
approach to remailers - if N is 10, and the Bad Guys can inject messages into
the system, they can tap and duplicate messages going into the remailers....

@_date: 1994-08-18 17:22:04
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: (fwd) Anonymous posters & Misinformation = Net pollution 
McDaniel posts the following to several newsgroups,
and it was forwarded to cypherpunks:
The problem: there's *far* more data on the net than anyone can possibly read,
and you don't want to waste your time reading news from anonymous posters
because they generally post more noise and less signal than you like.
(I can sympathize with that, by the way, and it's often harder to identify
anonymous users than pseudonymous or true-name-using posters.)
I also have different preferences than you do about what newsgroups I think
are more likely to benefit from anon-users and what newsgroups are
more likely to be harassed by them, and I consider your use of the term
"truth" when referring to talk.politics groups to be somewhat amusing...
And the next guy down the road will want something different from both of us.
Some solutions:
1) censor people you don't like, so nobody can read them.  (This is Evil.)
2) find ways to not read postings by anon-users, or responses to those postings -
   this is *much* easier - popular newsreaders, such as rn, give you KILL files
   or other sorts of bozo filters which let you ignore articles with specified
   authors, subjects, or other header lines (e.g. references to articles
   from machines frequented by anon-users, such as anon.penet.fi.)
   (Unfortunately, this is somewhat tougher when people run remailers on
   popular machines, e.g. netcom)
3) only read articles from people you consider to be non-bozos.
   The difficulty is identifying them when you don't read their articles;
   maybe you can do it by reading articles that non-bozos give supportive
   replies to.  4) have people rate articles, and only read articles with high ratings;
   this sort of system will probably evolve as volume increases further.
   Moderation is one approach to this; there are heavily-moderated groups
   and minimally-moderated groups, and we may need to evolve a parallel    ratings mechanism somehow...   Joe Bob says "Check it out!"
Go for the non-coercive solutions, and find ways to ignore stuff you think
is worth ignoring.  I've been reading news since the days when I could real
*all* of it, and technology for selective reading has been a *lot* more
useful than telling people not to post when they're bozos.  There are
probably some appropriate newsgroups to discuss how to build better newsreaders.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-08-18 17:38:19
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Remailer ideas 
You *can't* get everybody to agree on anything, or limit themselves
to anything.  It'll be a long time before everybody starts
supporting all the X.400 semantics, especially since people keep
introducing useful competitors like MIME or painful ones like
MicroSoft Mail - I'd be happy to get people to all agree to support
RFC822 and SMTP...  In the context of this discussion,
automatic replies are probably unacceptable for many remailer-users,
and don't work very well for replying to anonymous senders.
Confirmation really does have to come from the user,
and can only work if the user is able to build a return path.
A useful surrogate for end-to-end replies are link-based bouncegrams.
I'm not sure how much security you lose if you get remailers to support even one-hop NAKs, since the delays inherent in reordering
mean you need to keep a return path step around in the remailer
at least until you can do address validation; perhaps you could
at least bounce on invalid syntax, but even that means decrypting
incoming messages a while before sending and keeping them around
in cleartext, which is Bad (or doubling the decryption work.)

@_date: 1994-08-18 17:50:16
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
Yeah.  I recently reread Vinge's _True Names_; the protagonist is
disturbed one day by a bunch of armed government thugs walking up
to his house and letting him know they know his cyberspace alias,
and that he'd better help them catch his friends or he'll lose his
National Information Infrastructure Users' License.
(It's not called that, but it's still a good prediction of
what happens when you let government build the superhighways -
he gives in because 98% of the jobs, and all of the good ones,
require use of computer terminals.)  Without cryptography, all you've got left is security by obscurity, the main technique used by the hackers in the book;
even cryptographic systems need strong enough implementations
built around the mathematically-strong parts to be truly safe.

@_date: 1994-08-22 09:58:00
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Creating privacy crises: Society hacking 
Mailing that information to everybody in Oregon would be expensive.
On the other hand, mailing it to everyone in the Oregon legislature,
the governor, the DMV honchos, and maybe a few other high honchos
could be interesting, and might not cost that much.....

@_date: 1994-08-25 13:43:08
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
... and in Central New Jersey and parts of upstate New York as well :-)

@_date: 1994-08-25 15:05:53
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Using PGP on Insecure Machines 
.... Wrapping PGP in shell scripts is only useful for people who use shells,
and a lot of people either use GUIs instead (often non-extensible ones),
or keep their PGP on PCs at home rather than their networked Unixen at work
where they get their mail.  This means that to use PGP, they need to do things like kermit from home to work, read their mail, save it in files,
kermit the files to their PC, PGP-decrypt and read them on the PC, etc.
It's a bit easier if people have remote-scriptable terminal emulators
on their PCs, which let the Unix end run a script to save the file and download it and maybe fire up PGP on the PC, but it still feels annoyingly
like work, and if your Unix box can download files to your PC and run them,
it can run pgp-steal-keys just about as well as real PGP.
Similarly, if you've got TCP/IP running on your PC, whether through SLIP
or directly, you've still got a security risk to worry about.
You can reduce these problems by running a _real_ operating system on your PC,
but it's tougher to run your favorite applications that way,
and you still need to either run all your mail down to the PC,
which isn't practical for lots of people, or explicitly forward
the stuff down there from your main mail system.
There's another transparency problem, at least for reading encrypted mail -
you either need to type in your passphrase each time, which is annoying and
increases exposure somewhat, or you need to leave it aorund in environment
variables, etc., which also increase exposure.
On the other hand, a shell script approach can be just fine for signature
checking, as long as your mailreader has a painless interface,
since there isn't much security risk from having PGP on a machine without
your real secret key and passphrase there.  There's still some risk -
if the machine is shared with other people, someone may be able to
replace PGP with pgp-cc:-kgbvax or pgp-nsa-sig-verify - but it's a start.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-08-28 23:36:46
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Is Off-Line Digital Cash Dead? 
Different businesses have different attitudes toward off-line cash
and similar things.  For instance, Bart/Metro magnetic subway tickets,
and the similar scrip that supposedly is popular in Japan
are all semi-electronic money, half-offline (don't know if the subway
tickets get reported to central locations or if all the processsing
is done locally...), and yet there's nothing more than honesty and
the technical difficulty of forgery that keeps them from being forged.
Postage meters are also off-line, and unlike subway rides,
which are hard to make lots of money accumulating (:-),
mail-oriented businesses could save lots of money using fake ones.
The main similarities I see between the above kinds of money
is that they're mainly issued, either directly or indirectly,
by the providers of specific services, and they're hard to use for
other kinds of service.  Since they use physical tokens,
though they may have digital information on them, they're obviously
hard to email across the internet, but anybody you can send email to is
already online...
As I see it, there are three main reasons for wanting offline cash -
- avoiding the need to wire your cash register equipment
- avoiding the per-event communication costs for the transaction
- avoiding the time delay for the communication
Per-event costs may be low, but in the non-wired world they're non-trivial.
A phone call typically costs at least one message unit, say 5 cents.
A CDPD cellular packet, according to some pricing I've seen, is similar.
That's not much money when you're selling cars, but it's a lot for newspapers.
Here at the former National Cash Register company, we've found that
retail stores really like wireless communications to the cash register;
in stores without datacomm wiring, it means you don't need to install any,
and even if there's wiring in place, being able to move point of sale
terminals around can be worth a lot, and if you only have to find
a location with AC power wiring and not data, you're more flexible.
The time delay for credit card verification is also an issue -
modem-based systems typically take 15-20 seconds, while on-line
systems take 2-3 seconds when the network isn't busy.
That's an important issue at a retail store, when you can spend the
transaction time putting merchandise in bags - it's far more
important for things like road tolls or subway turnstiles.
And waiting three days for your remailer network to bounce back
an acknowledgement on your retail cocaine transaction will just _not_ do :-)!
If you can accomplish all these successfully with offline systems, great!
Too bad it's hard to do while retaining anonymity.

@_date: 1994-08-28 23:57:45
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: DigiCash ??? 
Unfortunately, the government has gotten away with nearly banning
non-anonymous automobile use and ownership, for various reasons
including ability to tax, keeping insurance companies happy,
controlling the population's behavior, etc.
However, by the time digicash is well enough established that
a car dealer will _accept_ N thousand dollar payments in it,
if the rules for being allowed to own cars or money aren't much nosier,
you want to walk into the dealership on a rainy night in February,
offer them an annoyingly low price for the car, they accept,
you refuse the offers to lease or finance the car,
and they say "Foo Bar Holding Company?  We won't take your corporate
check without bank certification, but we'll take Star/Plus/Sanwa/Mac ATMs,
Western Union digicash, credit cards for an extra 3%, or
Federal Reserve notes for an extra 1% cash transaction reporting fee."

@_date: 1994-08-29 00:23:13
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Online cash, Internet, Pizza Hut 
I'm guessing it actually faxes the pizza order to the guessed-nearest store?
Wonder if they're guessing by zipcodes, or doing a lookup by street address?
It makes it tougher to tip the driver when payment is done in advance,
since getting out your wallet is no longer an integral part of the transaction and you don't have paper change around.
Of course, their pizza is even less inspired than Domino's.
(Still wishing I could find decent pizza on this side of the hills;
the only decent pizza I've had on this side of the _continent_ has
been a couple places in San Francisco....)
Now, if you order from Uncle Enzo's, you know it'll arrive on time
guaranteed! :-)

@_date: 1994-08-29 12:29:34
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: ?-line cash 
The canonical place to look for discussion of blinding is Chaum's article
in CACM from maybe October 1985?  Should be referenced in Schneier's bibliography.
It's probably also available on chaum's web server (something-or-other.digicash.nl).
Schneier also discusses the technology somewhat.

@_date: 1994-08-30 00:22:09
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Statistics on remail message sizes 
I agree with this; one of the reasons that 64K tends to be a max is
that a non-trivial number of mailers choke on messages larger than that.
In the future, when there's more competent mail software (:-),
I wouldn't be surprised to see 1MB being common (or 1.44 MB, if that
stays the popular floppy disk size for a few years...), though I suspect
there's not much need for 256KB messages.
One approach suggested by several other people is for fragmenting mail
into packets before remailing and reassembling on delivery.
Some variants on this suggest having the remailer network do it,
but I suspect it's more reliable on an end-to-end basis.

@_date: 1994-08-30 00:40:58
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Transport Mixes 
An interesting suggestion, though I think putting the bags in bins marked "W.A.S.T.E." may do just about as well :-)
Aside from Tim's observation that the Enemy can often detect
hashish, bombs, etc., greatly reducing the utility of the system,
it's also a system designed for couriers to take bags back to
hotel rooms and steal the Newtons from them before routing them
on their way.
On a slightly mroe serious note, I have seen some transport remailer systems operating, though without the crypto hardware involvement.
I had a project that absolutely, positively had to get computers to Colorado overnight, but our building's shipping department insisted
on using their regular arrangements anyway.  The local carrier in
New Jersey assembled my boxes and anything else going to Denver in big crates, shipped them by and air-freight company to another local carrier in Denver, who unpacked the crates and delivered it locally.
I wasn't surprised when I got there that the equipment hadn't arrived -
what surprised me was that they didn't have a record that said that
my package number 12345 was in crate number 67890 which had/hadn't arrived.
"No, we just pack them, and when they get to Denver they'll open the crates
and see what's in each one.  You gotta problem wi' dat?"
(Since we weren't interested in anonymity, and were interested in reliability,
any future packages went FedEx so we could track them.)
I once talked with a guy who did his more private mail transactions
through a Mexican postal worker in Tiajuana; any mail that came
to the PO box would get put in bigger envelopes and mailed to his real address,
and he'd send the guy another $10 to cover the next package;
when he wanted to send mail privately, he'd mail it to the PO box
along with $10, and the guy would mail it to the real address.

@_date: 1994-08-30 15:56:51
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: OFFSHORE DIGITAL BANKS 
In particular, they take bank robbery real seriously.
The original Swiss bank privacy laws made it illegal for banks
to disclose information about their customers except for investigation
of things that were crimes in Switzerland; the Swiss view tax evasion
not as a crime, but as a civil issue between a citizen and a government,
and view things like currency export and gold possession as no problem at all.
The original foreign-government-defined "crime" that prompted this was
"being Jewish" - the Nazi government pressured Swiss banks to turn over
information about German accountholders with Jewish-sounding names
(who might be trying to escape), and had the threat that they could
require all German accountholders to withdraw their money from banks
that didn't collaborate.  I'm not sure if the laws were enacted during this period or after the war.
They've apparently been pressured to collaborate with
Yankee investigations into politically-incorrect substance trafficking.

@_date: 1994-08-31 14:44:44
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Government and Repression 
We're getting fairly far off topic here..... if we're going to talk
about anarchy, some spontaneous order would be useful :-)
Fairly typical taxation during English serfdom was two days labor per week
for the landlord.  40% of an average US worker's work week is also two days,
though serfs probably worked 6-7 days most weeks, less in winter.
Serfs were generally not allowed to leave, while Americans are.
Serfs could be drafted when there were wars, so can Americans.
Control by the lords came partly from conquest, and partly
(especially in France) from imposition of fealty in return for protection from invaders.
Some of the somewhat vaguely cypherpunk-related issues are:
- Serfdom and the social structures around it had troubles
  dealing with the emergence of merchant classes; non-government-
  controlled trade in an information economy may be similarly disruptive.
  (Serfdom was also seriously disrupted by the labor shortages
  following the Black Death, which gave lots more power and
  mobility to the remaining laborers.)
- Health care insurance is becoming increasingly used as a technique
  for keeping track of all citizens, especially kids who are
  otherwise hard to trace - not only has Clinton proposed a health   care smart card and a not-an-immigrant permission-to-work card,
  the administration's health/pension regulation bureaucrats have
  been demanding SS numbers on dependents' insurance claims.
  One of the big reasons is to keep people from going into the
  underground economy, but another is presumably the draft -
  current draft reservation is massively evaded, though
  that becomes much more difficult if you have databases of kids.

@_date: 1994-08-31 14:53:45
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: including key fingerprints 
One of the better uses for key fingerprints is for inclusion in signature
files and other places that a key itself is too bulky.  By widespread
dissemination of the fingerprint, the chances of a bogus key being
undetected are decreased, since there ar more channels for the fingerprint
to get to recipients, and more channels for the owner of a key to see
any bogus fingerprints out on the net.  It's also easier to validate
keys with someone you don't know very well, since you've got more chances
to see what the key for Joe X. is before meeting a person who tells you
he's Joe X. and he'd like to have you sign his key, fingerprint 123456ABCDFEFG.
On the other hand, if people widely start checking fingerprints they see,
there *is* some opportunity for the Bad Guys to create a distrust and
disinformation campaign by spreading false fingerprints and false keys.
(Now that Tommy the Tourist's NSA-bait is getting more sophisticated,
I'm almost surprised it's not including random PGP keys or fingerprints,
whether real ones or bogus ones to prod people into checking signatures...)

@_date: 1994-12-01 23:39:35
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Authentication at toad.com: WTF? 
Apparently it was a spoof, but whatever.  I'd be really bugged by
the security implications of software claiming to have validated
signatures; software that complains about bogus sigs is fine,
since if it's spoofed it's only a warning, and if the warnings
are deleted your trust is still somewhat limited unless you've verified
the signatures yourself.  Trusting someone else's verification
is less than ideal security policy :-)
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----		
Pgp-version: 32767
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Cypherpunks signature checking agent:  It's valid - trust me!

@_date: 1994-12-02 22:39:38
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: using us crypto sw outside usa 
There are three problems - getting a copy, patent, and copyright.
Getting a copy of RSAREF means that somebody has to export it,
which the US government strongly disapproves of.
On the other hand, if you're not a US citizen, and not in the US,
and your government doesn't have laws against possessing things
that other governments don't want you to have, no problem.
Patent - the RSA algorithm patent doesn't apply outside the US, so no problem.
Copyright - Most governments do honor U.S. copyrights.
Some of the early RSAREF versions said that you may not export it,
so there may be copyright problems if you use them outside the US.
Newer versions have a warning that the US government doesn't permit
export, and recommends talking to a lawyer if this affects you,
but doesn't say that you may not do so - so there isn't a problem
with permission, and therefore not with copyright.
That's nice, because otherwise I would have had to pay somebody
outside North America to write a clone.  (I had offered anybody on the net outside the US/Canada $100 to do so, but nobody took it,
and I now cancel that offer because RSA doesn't forbid overseas use
and copies have apparently gotten distributed.)
Uncertain.  It was protected by trade secret (not giving anybody
copies unless they sign a license contract), but somebody
apparently violated their contract and disclosed it anyway.
Some places have laws against using information released like that,
some don't, some allow the originator of the information to sue.
There's also the problem of verifying whether that *really* is RC4.

@_date: 1994-12-05 15:04:53
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Oceania? 
The Oceania folks may or may not have been serious; I don't know
them well enough to judge.  If they were serious, they weren't
competent - nowhere in their literature did I see anything that implied
that the question "Can I look at your financial plans?" would
get a useful answer.  The primary gamble for Oceania is that
you could set up a country without having a piece of dirt to
anchor it to and get other governments to treat it as a government,
rather than getting the US government to treat it as a drug-running
boat on the high seas (i.e. target for Coast Guard piracy),
or getting some other government or free-market pirates interested.
(Secondary gambles are things like financial stability,
hurricanes, etc.)  One of their magazines had an article on a floating
hotel built by Sven somebody that's recently been anchored off Vietnam.
Rather than trying to raise $1B or so to build The Raft and gamble on
not losing it all to governments or other pirates, you could make the
same gamble by buying the floating hotel for $25-50M, which you might
even be able to talk some rich investor into coughing up in return
for a slice of the pie.  That'd be enough to knwo if it works,
get your satellite dish up, and see if you can convince a hundred
or so enthusiasts to move there, run a gambling casino, and make
back some bucks to pay some dividends for your investors and
hire a few mercenaries to protect the place.
However, they made some nice T-shirts :-)
A more serious effort was done in the early 70s by the Minerva
folks, who built up an island out of coral reefs in the South
Pacific (the UN tends to require 1 foot above mean high tide
to count as enough dirt to be a country.)  About six months
later the Kingdom of Tonga invaded and stole the place.

@_date: 1994-12-05 16:09:43
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Authentication at toad.com: WTF? 
Hmm, yes, using agents for security verification seems reasonable;
if you've got a legal relationship or other sufficient trust.
It does also require an adequate communication path between you
and your agent - on the incoming side so you know that the message
the agent verified is the message you're seeing (e.g. the agent's
signature on the message, plus potentially some check to make sure
all the messages get delivered), and on the outgoing side to make
sure your agent gets your messages correctly.

@_date: 1994-12-05 17:00:20
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Interoperability, one-use remailer tickets 
Mike Ingle suggests adding a one-shot reply capability to the remailers,
to discourage hit-and-run abusers by allowing replies to them.
The reply token would become invalid after either one use or timeout.
One problem with this approach is that, if the sender is on the
mailing list / newsgroup that the message is sent to,
he can use up the one-shot reply himself if he's quick,
by being the first one to reply.  It's also somewhat difficult
to design a system where the one-shot replies would chain.
Non-automatic non-mandatory one-shot replies are more useful,
since there are times you may want to get replies.

@_date: 1994-12-06 00:12:16
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: public accounts / PGP / passphrases 
The terminal emulator we used to use at Bell Labs, ctrm, was designed
to let you interact conveniently between your DOS machine and a Unix system you were dialed into; it felt like you were controlling
things from the Unix end.  Thus, you could issue Unix commands to
initiate file transfer via kermit or xmodem (utopc *, pctou *),
and you could also issue Unix commands to run DOS commands back on the PC - the commands basically sent back and escape sequence
saying ESC RUN foo.exe arg arg arg CR or whatever.
It was easy to build applications that did things like crunch
up mail messages into temp files, download the file to DOS,
run Lotus or WordStar on it, and haul the result back.
You could take the same approach with PGP if you wanted -
the support you need in document viewers is the ability to
hand chunks of the document/mail message off to an arbitrary
program for processing.  Coincidentally (:-), MIME lets
you do this sort of thing.
I don't know if ctrm is still around - it was designed by
an employee and we were allowed to use it internally,
but I don't think it was sold outside.  But it wouldn't
be too hard to add that sort of capability to your favorite
source-included freeware terminal emulator, and then
you could build convenient PGP tolls, remote Mosaic viewers,
etc. out of it.

@_date: 1994-12-12 20:04:52
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Broadcasts - addressing 
The main problem is how to avoid decrypting _most_ of the traffic,
without giving away significant information about the recipient.
One approach is to do something some political users have been asking for -
implement support for very short keyids (e.g. 4 bits instead of 24-32),
so that the keyid isn't a good identifier for the user.
Another approach is to include a tag in the Subject: with either a hash
of the key (substantially reducing the number of bits),
or simply the last hex or two of the keyid - that lets you ignore
15/16th or 255/256th of the traffic, without giving away much.

@_date: 1994-12-19 15:33:26
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Oh, get real, Lucky!  My mail reader here is neither inadequate nor
(particularly) buggy - it's good old "Mail", and when somebody posts
MIME mail, it quite accurately shows me the real ASCII the mail is made of -
I wish my other mail reader would do that.  (It's Microsoft Mail,
a closed, buggy, really appalling system that chokes on  messages with
more than 64K of non-attachment message body, and chokes badly on >132K.)
If there were a convenient MIME viewer to pop in as my PAGER,
I might have mail use it rather than less -sc, my current preference.
But meanwhile, a MIME is a terrible thing to waste.....

@_date: 1994-12-19 15:42:05
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: properties of FV 
In the www-buyinfo discussion on crypto,
Obviously, from reading Cypherpunks you'd get the idea that everybody has PGP and all but a few old fogies have MIME :-)
However, one of the reasons that few people actually are using
PGP signatures on all their messages is that there's no real need -
most of us realistically aren't trying to overthrow our governments,
except through obsolescence and ridicule, and there isn't much problem
with forging postings on the net.  On the other hand, if my credit
card were involved, I'd certainly be happy to start signing all my
fv payment confirmations, especially if there were a convenient tool for doing so that got distributed free....

@_date: 1994-12-27 16:17:16
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Making sure a program gets to the receiver intact 
Some good points, but on the whole I'll disagree.  Either way, the solution pretty much comes down to "eternal vigilance"....
The interesting technique that digital timestamping provides is that it
lets you show that the version you claim you posted to the ftp site
got there before the [different] version that's there now.
To use that technique, either you need to broadcast the details of the
digital timestamping in an unhackable public fashion, or else someone
who wants to validate the archived data needs to check with you
to be sure that they have a good checksum matching your timestamp.
An ftp server *could* timestamp each incoming document, keeping the
master timestamp data in an un-hackable location, and post the current timestamps for the current time period [e.g. day] in the (hackable) archive,
and then register the day's timestamp file with a notary service
so you can be sure that the file hasn't been compromised later.
On the other hand, without signatures, it's not too hard for a Bad Guy
to store bogus files on the server and get them timestamped too -
the user needs a good way to check for previous editions of the document in the timestamp file.  With digital signatures,
at least a given file has some internal consistency.
That's why keyservers are inherently non-trustable; the trust comes from
the Web of Trust connections you have, though a keyserver run by a widely-trusted person carrying only keys signed by him/her/it is stronger.
Yup.  That's a problem with signatures.

@_date: 1994-12-29 18:07:20
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
Gentlemen don't read their girlfriends' mail, either.....
On the other hand, if the original poster was telling the truth,
he _did_ at least say he was trying to read his girlfriend's files,
rather than saying "I used Norton Encrypt on some files for a project
last year, and I've forgotten the password - is there some way to recover it?" which would have been sleazy and not started a flamewar.
Or, if he wasn't telling the truth, maybe he's really trying to
break his business competitor's files, or some government's,
or he's really L..D.. in yet another disguise.

@_date: 1994-02-01 00:30:29
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: 2-way anonymous via SASE 
Yeah; the only solutions I've seen so far either give you some persistence,
like anon.penet.fi, or no replies, or have generally been pretty ugly,
requiring rapidly-increasing numbers of messages to set up chains
of anonymous IDs, or use broadcast, like the Blacknet "post to Usenet"
or DCnets.  AIR-MAIL may be a start.
It seems to need something that supports a small but >1 number of replies
to make a non-ugly system, which means either some kind of Time-To-Live or
destruct messages from one or both ends need to be supported.

@_date: 1994-02-01 00:45:25
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: PGP keyid collisions? 
I had discussed the benefit of putting PGP keyID or fingerprint
in signatures to reduce spoofing for people who distribute by finger
or unreliable keyservers, though obviously signatures are what
gives you the confidence that a key is valid.
Hal points out that brute-forcing a 24-bit Key-ID isn't all that hard;
the usual formulas tell you what fraction of numbers are prime in the desired range, though without looking them up I'd expect it would take
around 2**30 - 2**35 tries to find a specific one; I suppose this means the NSA has already done it :-)
I assume PGP does the right thing, except in cases of pilot error
(e.g. doing key lookup by KeyID) ?  Even if it does, this has
some design impact on systems using random public-private key generation
for meet-me remailer cutouts.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Systems, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-01 01:20:29
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: BlackNet - what is it? 
Blacknet wasn't real; it was a posting Tim May anonymously posted advertising
network support for various illegal services, including where to
send your digicash blackmail or ransom payments and the like.
Basically to try to get us to think about the implications of the
technologies we're developing and potential for abuse and paranoia.
On the other hand, maybe it wasn't *really* Tim May anonymously posting it,
and the Tentacles of Detweiler will be posting GIFs of you and your
friends talking to notorious politicians to alt.your.mother
and releasing that new virus with your name on the banner page unless
you help Eric start a digibank to deposit some ransom money in. :-)

@_date: 1994-02-01 02:00:29
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: 4th ammendment and Cryptography 
I'll second Phil Karn's recommendation of Caroline Kennedy's book,
though I do remember it having somewhat of a liberal "Government is Good" bias.
Unless I'm mixing it up with another book I read around the same time,
it's also the one place where I've seen a recent 3rd Amendment case.
The case was interesting largely because 3rd Amendment cases are
very rare; the U.S. government hasn't quartered troops in people's homes
except during the War Between The States, when it was ignoring
the Constitution and Bill of Rights anyway.  The issue was a prison
guard strike, in which the National Guard was brought in to replace
striking guards until the contract dispute was settled.  Guards at the
prison had rooms there for sleeping and off-duty use, and the National
Guard, which is part of the military, used them during the strike.
The guards contended that this was quartering troops in their homes.
I think the government won the case rather than the prison guards,
since it was really stretching the point.
Phil's concerns about not freaking people out by emphasizing that the
Second Amendment is designed to make overthrowing governments possible
are well-placed (notwithstanding the fact that it's true.)
It may be good rhetoric to use at a pro-gun meeting, though a lot of
the NRA people I've met tend to get upset by the word "anarchy",
but the general public just barely tolerates duck hunting and
really has no desire for violent revolution, and frankly, neither do I.
We're trying to go for their hearts and minds here, and issues like
privacy, freedom of speech, and Big Brother tapping your phone
are a lot more attractive to most people.  Even the ideas that
private communications can make government obsolete and that obsolete
institutions can fail are pretty scary to people who've been educated
in government schools, and associating crypto-privacy with the
more extreme radically-correct side of the Gun Nuts will lose them -
especially when there *are* legitimate concerns about use of
anonymity and digicash for blackmail, ransom, and funding of real terrorists,
plus the government's favorite drug dealer scare.
Besides, walking around making unattributed quotations from the
writings of the Founding Fathers tends to get you treated like
David Koresh or at the very least Michael Milken....
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-02 18:35:34
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Qwerty Remailer Delays 
It's not very clear how long the delays should be; depends on traffic
to/from your remailer and to some extent to/from the other sites
your remailer cooperates with and the machine it runs on.
If the delay is near-zero, relative to the rest of your traffic,
traffic-analysts can see mail going to your remailer,
followed quickly by similar-sized mail going to another location,
and guess that the two are related, especially if they're
reading the mail itself.  (For instance, if netcom is a bunch of
machines on an Ethernet, and somebody breaks root on one of them,
packet-sniffing the net may catch a non-trivial amount of your
mail going in at least one direction.  It's certainly easier than
tapping all the phones if you don't have a warrant.)
How much you need also depends on your threat model - do you expect
monitoring by netcom users only, active monitoring by root,
logfile examination without ongoing monitoring, etc....?
If there are a bunch of other messages in between,
especially if you're sending most of them to the same destination
(e.g. instead of always choosing a random remailer to send through,
you pick one remailer and send a batch of N messages to it;
and maybe use a different remailer for the next batch)
then it's harder to correlate incoming and outgoing messages.
One strategy for batching is to accumulate N messages and send them
at once, rather than delaying for N minutes.  This may cause rather long
delays, unless you either get lots of traffic or else give up
and send the real message and some fake ones after rand{5..N} minutes.
(If you use  fixed N, it's easy to track when traffic is low.)

@_date: 1994-02-02 18:41:04
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: digital signatures/copyright 
Brian Williams asks:
No - you can make a case that the author doesn't want his words to be forged or tampered with, and is using technology rather than law to enforce it.
Doesn't affect the rest of the legal situation, though one could
try to argue either that the author was or was not expecting copyright.

@_date: 1994-02-03 01:21:05
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: A serious question of ethics 
Well, if the Federal Reserve has a guest account with no password,
maybe they're inviting guests...  Ok,, mailing them through a remailer
might not hurt, though it might point out to them that remailers exist,
if they haven't figured it out already.
Personally, if I were logged on to one of their machines,
I'd start looking for the "print" command :-)

@_date: 1994-02-03 23:04:52
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Remailer Tearline Conventions 
On the other hand, extropia uses PGP encrypted messages to its
remailer, and NSA PGP-breaking is distinctly *not* world-wide.
I assume it doesn't use PGP encryption for the anonymous outgoing side,
but you can always encrypt the message before encrypting it for extropia.

@_date: 1994-02-03 23:14:52
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: finger user@wasabi.io.com 
Neat stuff!  You can finger billstewart at wasabi.io.com,
even though I don't exactly have an account there...
Is the source code available for your finger daemon?
It doesn't seem to have any regular-expression matching;
it mostly matches exact character strings, presumably case-insensitive.
I couldn't figure out how to get it to match spaces, though:
requesting 'bill stewart' got all the bills and all the stewarts,
rather than getting the lines with bill stewart in them.

@_date: 1994-02-05 18:25:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Problem with some digicash applications 
One security hole in online digicash systems of the Chaum variety is
that you _do_ need to make sure the money is only transmitted in
encrypted forms not susceptible to playback attacks.
(I haven't read the magic-money code yet...)
The threat scenarios look like this:
             cash                cash
         \                       \                      /
          \_______________________\___Eve_____________/
If Eve can read the cash either before Bob gets it or before Bob's
message gets from his fast LAN across the slow part of the net
to the bank, then she can occasionally spend it before Bob can.
(This is especially likely if she's Bob's favorite remailer
or network provider.)  (On-line validation through slow remailers???)
It's probably not much of a problem for radio-tollbooths,
since the tollbooth(=Bob=bank) gets it as fast as Eve does.
It's also not a problem if Eve can't find the cash part of a message
between Alice and Bob or Bob and the bank.  Unencrypted messages might let Eve subsitute her bank account for Bob's.
But consider fixed-format messages of the form:
which might be commonly used by a Teller Machine or the digicash
equivalent of a credit card authorization box.
If Eve stomps on the Account-number bits, even though she can't
break the encryption to substitute her account number for Bob's,
she can substitute a random account number for Bob's.
This acts as a denial-of-service attack against Bob.
As a defense, either the message has to contain signatures or at least
MACs for validation, and be rejected if invalid, or the format
needs to make it impossible to find the account number field
or to modify it without trashing the cash as well.
A solution that's probably _not_ acceptible is for the Bank
to return a message of the form
since this reveals the account number, which loses some privacy.
It maybe ok to use a hash of the account number, or a nonce + the
account number encrypted with the account-owner's public key.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-05 19:35:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Magic Money questions 
If the bank issues coins in return for real money, and then refuses to
accept them back, it's gained the amount of money it just ripped off.
Doing this often enough to be noticed loses reputation, of course;
you can sometimes get away with it if you're a government central bank
and get a law made saying you no longer have to pay back silver for those
paper dollar notes.  On the other hand, printing extra coins doesn't
get you anything, since nobody gave you any real money for them.
Of course, if you can start up a big bank in remailer-space,
and get lots of depositors, but nobody knows where you are,
you can ignore the damage to your reputation by ripping off
all your depositors at once and forwarding your email to Argentina,
just as bank-embezzlers occasionally abscond with the whole pile.

@_date: 1994-02-06 04:50:29
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Government Policy makes Internet breakins easier 
Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk,comp.security.misc,talk.politics.crypto,alt.security,alt.activism
[Sure would be nice if the EFF or CPSR would put out a press release
along these lines.  Anybody?]
The news from the Information Superhighway hasn't been good this week.
Major breakins have been occurring from someone who's been stealing
users' passwords as they log in across the net, using them to break
into their machines, and using their machines to watch the net for
more passwords.  It's not really that hard to stop - encryption
technology has been available for several years that sends passwords
across the net in encrypted form the eavesdroppers can't use - but
most people haven't deployed encryption.  Why not?
Well, part of it's just laziness, but in large part the use of
encryption has been restricted by the government's Cold War era
policies against developing, using, or distributing encryption software.
Encryption is the mathematical privacy coding that lets people
send their passwords and conversations privately.
If you want to sell encryption software overseas, you have to get a
munitions export license, just as you would for exporting assault
rifles or nuclear weapon parts, and they'll only give you a license
for crippled software that the NSA can break easily, unless you're a
bank or selling to a "friendly" government's military.
If you want to sell encryption software in the US, you can't export it,
which means you have to sell separate US and export versions.
And if you want to give it away free, like lots of university and
public domain software, you can't just post it to the net or make it
available for ftp (the Internet version of the public library),
without risking years in jail or at least having your computers
confiscated while the government tries to decide whether to indict you -
and you'd better be able to afford some *very* good lawyers.
Can this sort of free speech really be illegal?  Nobody's really sure,
the government won't give you permission and few people want to risk
the jail time to find out if they'll give you forgiveness.
Meanwhile, most computer systems have simple password systems that
can't protect against wiretappers.  It's especially a problem on
international long-distance circuits, where the connections are more
exposed, because export rules say your business can't ship it the
package you use on your US computers to your foreign branches.
The Clinton Administration has announced that they're going to relax
the export rules a bit, if you use their new Escrow Encryption Chip
(which has built-in wiretapping capabilities) or simple encryption
systems with short, easy-to-guess keys.  The paperwork will be simpler,
and you won't need an arms dealer license to carry your cellular phone
or laptop computer on a business trip, but the NSA still retains
control over what technology you can use.  Proposed legislation in
Congress would transfer control of crypto exports to the Commerce
Department, which handles most other export licensing.  Without the Communist Party to kick around, U.S. Administration press
releases bring up spectres of drug dealers, terrorists, and pornographers,
but some of the major applications for the wiretapping capabilities of
the new Escrow Chip appear to be financial transactions and tax evasion,
since banks will need to replace their current encryption systems with
something newer, as faster generations of computer technology will
make the present systems insecure over the next 5-10 years.
Because the Escrow Chip is a hardware-only approach,
it's adequate for automatic teller machines, but you'd need to buy a
government encryption module if you want to do your banking over the
Information Superhighway - more secure encryption can be done cheaply,
in software, but the NSA's 55 mph speed limit won't let you - for now.
On the other hand, the Cold War's over and you can get good encryption software
from Finland, Moscow, Bulgaria, Switzerland, or Australia, often free,
and it's becoming widely used by political activists in post-Communist
countries.  The preceding has been the personal opinion of Bill Stewart,
and does not necessarily represent the views of the EFF, CPSR,
Cypherpunks, or my employer, but I'll be happy to have my rhetoric stolen :-)
Bill Stewart billstewart at attmail.com

@_date: 1994-02-07 12:40:37
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: DOJ procedures relating to Clipper Chips and key escrow 
I thought that was particularly amusing as well.
On the other hand, the mere fact that it says it doesn't mean
it invalidates any other privacy laws or rules about illegal surveillance or exclusion of evidence, though it does mean you
need to argue a lot harder to get a judge to agree.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-07 12:50:37
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Bogus paper on TEMPEST floating around 
This bogus paper with lots of misinformation about TEMPEST is still around,
though I'm surprised to see it on a NIST machine.  (FTP didn't want to
connect this morning, so I can't be sure it's still there.)
Papers by the fictitious Hagbard Celine can't always be trusted,
though they make good rolling papers if you print them out :-)
But it's clearly a bunch of Discordian Disinformation.
Yes, some of the TEMPEST specs are classified,  it's perfectly legal
to disseminate the publicly available information and technology,
apply it, and use it, and do anything you want to make your equipment quiet.
Even the expansion of the acronym given in the paper was bogus,
and it went downhill from there.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-07 16:40:41
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Atlantis Project/Oceania 
Which is kind of a problem for a floating city, since stones don't
float very well, concrete canoes excepted :-)
I'm not sure their economics can float that well either - if it costs
$500M to build, and holds 1000 people, that means $500K/person....
Maybe they're looking at more people or less money.
Nice T-Shirts and promo material, though.

@_date: 1994-02-08 01:10:45
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Clipper Qs 
Doesn't matter if you switch CLipper Chips - the chip squawks its serial number when it starts a session, and they simply get the keys for *all*
clipperphones that they overhear while wiretapping.  That way they don't
need to keep track of who's got what chip (which is impossible,
since you could switch with your neighbor), though that may be some help
if they happen to know some eavesdropping victim's serial number
and are tapping all the pay phones in an area.
As far as reprogramming goes, no.  They're a fancy tamperproof design,
which they hope will make it difficult or impossible for people to get
the algorithm or the key out of.

@_date: 1994-02-10 01:40:17
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Testing 
May very well be the net software - I've also been getting lots of empty
messages.  Is toad.com disk full or something?

@_date: 1994-02-10 15:14:35
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
as American law about whether freedom of the press means freedom of the press or not.
There are sometimes laws about this in the US, but if I remember correctly
the courts say they are unconstitutional.  They do suppress freedom
of speech and press, because they impose restrictions on content,
and because they make it easy for the government to find and
harass writers who oppose it.
In the US, you can get sued for saying untrue things about
people, except public figures, but only the victim can sue.
There are not supposed to be other writings which violate law,
but even so they make and enforce laws against pornography,
and in the past even speaking out against government policy
has been made illegal (Schenck case in World War 1, writing
pamphlets against the draft before there was one.)
What kinds of things are illegal to write in Germany?
Grundsetz I couldn't translate (2) - does this say they can make laws to protect
the young people from bad ideas and protect personal honor/reputation?
[From earlier mail ]
Of course you can fight against them without censorship - the weapon
to use is truth, said often and loudly.  If you use the violence
of censorship a against themyou are using their tools and you are
no better than them.  You also say, by censoring books, that the
common people are fools who can not tell the difference between
truth and lies.
Seen from America, that's what they look like too :-)
We usually don't see German elections in US news.  Sometimes stories
about the rise of the right wing or Greens, and sometimes the results
of the elections.
When I was last there, I ate lots of Sauerkraut and beer,
and there were some blond women on the S-Bahn, but nobody in
Lederhosen.  People did bring dogs on the train...  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-11 21:10:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Nx2 DES Found Weak 
In Nx2 DES, you have   A -k1-> B -k2-> C .
In a birthday attack, you try values of k1' and k2' until you get k1', k2' s.t.
but that's only true for that particular plaintext set A,C.  If you have B' = the same value of B that the original k1,k2 produced, you win,
but there may be many other values of B' besides the one for k1'=k1, k2'=k2.

@_date: 1994-02-11 21:20:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Poor Detweiler Forgery 
Someone pretending to be "L." Deteiler posted an article, pretending to be
from Detweiler's account, that had a forgery of Tim May posting to all
the Cyphertentacles about how well the work he and Eric were doing
is going.  The real "L." Detweiler, of course, wouldn't have done so,
because that would be saying the tentacles are sufficiently different
humans that they need to send mail to each other, rather than
merely talking to herself; he or she would have posted a fake announcement
to the net or something like that.

@_date: 1994-02-15 16:01:44
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: cypherpunks meeting in Mt. View last weekend. 
Hi, Strick,
It was a pretty good meeting; large crowd.  If you don't mind, I'll
turn this into an informal meeting report for the list.
I missed the first hour or so.
Someone said Phil Zimmerman is working on Voice communication systems
and wants volunteers.  He's trying to do a portable,
no-special-sound-cards, widely deployable system, presumably either trading sound quality for flexibility or depending on Internet or V.FAST?
Pavel Curtis talked about LambdaMOO and the emerging democracy there -
lots of the users are young, and about half are statists and half are
Libs or Anarchists of various sorts.  About 5000 people have accounts,
it runs on a 256-meg Sun Scorpion and really needs even more horsepower.
Interesting stuff on the social evolution there, and the lessons
the Wizards learned about letting things develop on their own
and staying out of the way while the players create stuff.
It's largely a discussion world, I gather.  About 2/3 of the participants
just use telnet (lambda.parc.xerox.com 8888) instead of clients,
which limits the ability of people to do fancy stuff with
PGP or machine-assisted characters.  Most are young (mean age <24,
mode 19, mostly .edu, about 25% female.)   parcftp.xerox.com for software.
Chip Rosenthal talked about
Habitat, an early Commodore-64-client+central-world-server system
that he helped put out with QLink, which later became America OnLine.
In Habitat, you have a graphical user interface, avatars who start out normal-looking but you can customize appearances (e.g. there's a Head Shop.)
To fit in a C64/300baud world, they had to think a lot about what objects
they needed and what kind of communication really needed to happen;
they also found that when you get LOTS of users out there they can think
up stuff lots faster than the sysadmins can, a lesson LambdaMOO also learned.
(They spent two intensive weeks planning a quest for Something in
a Dungeon for the users; the users found it in half an hour.)
(Cooperation works *far* better than central planning!)
Since it was originally a gaming world, you could get killed or kill
other players, and much dissent and discussion about this gradually occurred.
Eventually, enough players asked the Wizards to change this that they
had a vote.  It came out 50-50, of course, so the Wizards decided you
couldn't get killed inside the town boundary but could get killed outside,
and folks voted with their feet.  The town elected a Sheriff (whose gun didn't
work in town either.)  Various discussions about how people felt
about the Wizards having to obey the rules, etc.  C64s eventually got old...
Habitat ran partly in America and partly, longer, in Japan; Fujitsu
bought out the remains and it's gradually coming back as a new
Global Cyberspace Project or something like that.  New Fujitsu
custom hardware supports the current stuff, and there's a 7-layer
protocol stack :-(, etc.
Arthur Chandler, disguised in a suit :-), talked about BayMOO,
where last week's cpunks virtual meeting was.  mud.crl.com 8888.
Arthur teaches social science of some sort at SFSU; I forget if it's
polisci or anthropology or literature, but he's studying the kinds
of social interactions that go on in MOOs.
BayMOO has a much different balance of statism that LambdaMOO;
some Lambdafolk came over to BayMOO and started talking about
how neat it was to have Government and how BayMOO should get some,
and people politely informed them they were crazy and ignored them.
(Hypnocracy was working quite well, for you old folks in the audience :-)
In BayMOO, the folks who run it are janitors, not wizards.
BayMOO is basically running on borrowed time on crl.com;
since they don't charge by the hour for connections,
they're not making any money from all the load it's placing on the Sparc2,
so it may eventually have to break up, charge money, or find a new home.
Anybody have a machine to donate?  The Little Garden may be
able to lend some bandwidth, if I'm not misremembering John's comment.
The fourth speaker was also very interesting, but memory fade
is setting in, so I can't tell you who he was or what he said :-)
but he was doing some formal modelling of some of the interactions,
and I remember it being neat stuff.  Oh, well.
Somewhere along the line there was a lot of discussion about
security, and how much of it needs to be done by the server,
who would then need to be trusted (can you *really* trust a Wizard? :-)
vs. peer-to-peer by clients.  For people who use clients for their
MUDs, it may be a lot more effective.  Eric Hughes brought up a topic of how to name people across MUDs,
which related to this topic and to several others and led to Notable DIsagreements among participants.  The basic suggestion
was that people should be able to bring names from other environments,
e.g. Haakon of Lambda or Blast of BayMOO.  While the primary context
was simply MUD/MOOs, it touches on issues like global vs. local name spaces,
centralized naming authorities and is-a-person (Tim May opposes it for
this reason), server vs. client control, reputation servers,
guilt-by-association, etc.  Someone sensibly pointed out that
you could create a Lapel Pin object in a MOO which could by used
to provide any identifying information you want for people who
want to look at it, and decide whether or not to trust it
based on contents, signatures in it, etc. Tim's opposition is largely to the concept of central naming,
which leads to government-controlled id trees instead of web-of-trust,
and therefore lack of anonymity.  (COmments by various on
Clinton National Health ID card and Republican Not-An-Immigrant ID card.)
Someone commented that you shouldn't really have A public key,
you should have a ring of public keys for different things,
so people remember that identity is contextual rather than True Name.
Another problem is the unsettled question about how reputation
servers should work, and whether by bringing an identity from
a given group (e.g. LambdaMoo or CypherWonks) you drag along its
reputation, as opposed to providing pointers for people
to go look at your reputations in various places you hang out.
Dinner was at the sushi-on-little-boats place in Mountain View.
The group was separated due to lack of contiguous seating,
and it became obvious after a ping or two that this was a Token Ring :-)
NTP yielded about 65 seconds RTT; a packet containing
begin 644 /vmunix was dropped into the bit bucket by one of the servers...
Later icecream split into two discussions, one serious and one
centered around Don's powerbook with the Rube Goldberg object-oriented
mousetrap-making games.  Can't tell you about the serious part,
but the mousetraps were fun.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-15 19:24:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: LEAF, SS7 
With the mail flood here, I've seen pieces of the answer, but no summary.
While Clipper and SS7 both give the Wiretappers part of the traffic analysis,
Clipper would be much more effective (if it were widely used by Wiretappees.)
SS7 is hard to tap, unless you have the phone company's cooperation,
somewhat hard even with it, and Async Transfer Mode will be harder.
Also, SS7 can only tell you what phone line is being used; Clipper tells
you what *phone* is being used, and one of the major wiretap targets
for Clipper are cellular phones, which people normally carry around with them -
so Clipper traffic analysis can tell you *who* is talking, once a phone's
serial number has been identified, not just what pay phone the conversation
is from.
The two can be used together, if the Wiretappers are both lucky and persistent.
One presumes that if ClipperCellPhones are widely used, they'll start keeping
records of which cellphone numbers correspond to which ClipperIDs,
by wiretapping (or radiotapping) and listening for Clipper.
For instance, if they're tapping SS7, and see a phone call from a well known
activist's phone number to a recognizeable cellphone company, they can correlate the phone number to find the ClipperID,
which makes tapping easier and puts that cellphone on the fun-to-watch list.

@_date: 1994-02-15 19:29:47
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Wide Spread use of PGP 
I agree with those who disagree with Bob Cain about use of PGP on insecure
machines (i.e. machines you yourself don't control.)
Yes, it's less secure than using it on a machine you control yourself.
But it still gives you *some* security - for instance, if your correspondent
is in some country with limited freedom of speech, such as China or Canada,
your crossborder conversations are protected.  Sure, the NSA will tap them,
but as long as they're not tapping netcom's internal networks, and you're
dialing in rather than telnetting in from somewhere else (sending your
passphrase across the entire internet for the FBI\\\BadGuys to wiretap),
you've gained some security.  Of course you should use a personal
machine with good security on it to discuss overthrowing your current
government or trading in politically incorrect substances, like money.
But even so, it increases the use and acceptability of encryption,
and makes you more accessible for people in other not-sufficiently-free countries.
[Note - I'm just picking on netcom because they're a popular service
used by hundreds of subscribers.  I'm not aware that they're being wiretapped,
and I suspect that the legal implications of trying to do so would be
interesting.  Tapping their Internet connection would be legally easier than
tapping their phones, though.]
[Blatant Quasi-Commercial Mention:  Some 10baseT hub vendors, starting with
the AT&T SmartHub but followed by others as well, provide a no-eavesdropping
feature, which prevents packets from being sent to incorrect destinations.
Unlike bridges and routers, which limit traffic, the SmartHub replaces the
data field with 10101010...., which it can do faster and less expensively
since there isn't the complication of buffering, etc.
One use in a dialup networking environment would be to put the
herd of terminal servers and cpus on smart hubs, which limits the damage
that can be done if some user breaks a system and starts snooping the net,
since he'll only see packets for the machine he's on and not the whole broadcast.  Obviously, in a larger environment, routers, etherswitches, etc.
can handle more traffic, but the different technologies can be used together.]
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-15 19:49:47
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Stealth PGP 
Several people have talked about the possibility of doing a stealth PGP
by writing a filter to strip off the headers and another one to restore them.
It's an obvious approach, but depending on how good a job you want to do,
doing this independently of PGP is non-trivial.  Several issues:
- Doing a halfway job is pretty easy, but won't fool much of anyone rich and
  serious enough to de-steg every GIF or JPEG floating across the net,
  especially in countries that most need it, where telecommunications
  is narrowly controlled and legal procedures are irrelevant.
  On the other hand, deleting the PGP-ENCRYPTED-STUFF headers is   enough to get you through a No-Encryption-Permitted BBS mailnet.
- Each block of stuff starts with a Crypto Block Type byte and length info.
  For some blocks, including the first one or two, you know the block type
  (at least for the interesting cases), and could force the length to
  some standard length by assuming a maximum and doing a fixed format.
  Applying this to the multiple-recipients case is harder.
- The public key block includes a 64-bit Key ID to tell PGP which key
  to use and whether to bother decrypting (if it's not for you.)
  You could omit this information, and on receipt put your own key in,
  but that does lose the ability to tell whether it's for you.
  I'd have to look at the PGP code a lot more to see if it would really mind.
  The right way to solve this problem would be to include a string
  easily recognized if you have the right public key and meaningless
  otherwise, such as a 64-bit random number repeated twice, encrypted with
  the recipient's public key, but at that point you need to involve
  the PGP code itself, since the sender needs to know the recipient's
  public key and how to encrypt with it, and the receiver needs to
  scrounge the private key out of the secret-key-ring with the passphrase.
- The other block-types have similar problems, but once you've incorporated
  the new format with PGP, you could include any needed masking info
  in the first block.  Hiding the block type and length is probably enough.
- The formats are of course all different for non-encrypted messages with
  signatures, etc., ascii-armored or not, and other problems.
- At one time somebody had said there was work going on about a new
  version of PGP somewhere outside the US patentspace, and had said
  that they were thinking about solving this problem as well as integration
  with MIME.  That make this a Somebody Else's Problem, and, uhh,
  I forget what the rest of the problem was... :-)
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-15 20:21:38
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: ITAR vs. Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange? 
In the discussions about people sniffing the net and the need for encrypted
telnets, one problem that has come up is the ITAR hassles that make exporting
Kerberos politically incorrect, though John Gilmore has gotten them
to admit that the Kerberos bones is none of their businesss :-)
However, is Diffie-Hellman exportable?   After all, it's not crypto,
it's *just* key exchange, and people can plug in their own triple-DES
from the usual sources.  It looks to me like it's probably legal,
though if you were to then transmit the password by XORing with the login
key or some such probably-unsafe behaviour it might not be.
I had heard somebody say there would be an updated RSAREF version including
Diffie-Hellman key exchange, though it's not in the package I just
ftp'd from rsa.com.  Is this correct, and is there a planned release date?
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-15 20:29:47
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: cypherpunks meeting in Mt. View last weekend. 
Sigh.  I knew that, but I'd been drinking decaf all morning :-)

@_date: 1994-02-15 20:49:47
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: UNSUBSCRIBERS PLEASE READ 
Perry posted a note saying that "Internet mailing lists are run by HUMAN BEINGS, NOT MACHINES", and that you should EXPECT humanly-slow
behavior when you subscribe to a mailing list.  I disagree.
Cypherpunks is run by a human (thanks, Eric!), but many or most mailing
lists out there on the net are low-level managed by machines named
majordomo or listserv or foo-request, and a large percentage of users
expect the rapid response of servers like that, at least for getting off lists
if not for getting on.  I was briefly on the sf-raves mailing list,
which has an even higher volume than cypherpunks, and it was very nice
to be able to send mail to the majordomo server and get off it,
and one of the automagic notices mentioned sf-raves-calendar which
is a once-a-week announcement.  I understand how people getting
flooded with cpunks mail must feel, especially if they're using brain-damaged
mailers that can't defend them.
Cypherpunks makes this problem additionally difficult because of one of
Eric's self-defense mechanisms for the list, which makes messages
appear to come from their authors rather than *cypherpunks*.
This is good for bouncegrams and non-germane replies, but means that
users of vanilla Mail can't just do a 'd cypherpunks' and trash them all.
Users should NOT expect slow human-speed behavior from mailing lists,
and they don't. (This doesn't mean they should be totally surprised by it,
either, since machines can generate garbage out faster than you can
dispose of the stuff :-).  It would be nice if, at minimum, there were
several administrative addresses, including a cypherpunks-unsubscribe
and maybe a cypherpunks-request that autoreplies with an
which goes to cypherpunks-yes-really-subscribe or some such address.
(As well as forwarding requests saying "unsubscribe" in them to

@_date: 1994-02-15 21:01:59
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
Would I use crypto in the real world?  Sure, for some things.
I'd like to have a bank where I could do transactions by email,
and I certainly don't feel confident doing that across the Internet.
I'd like to be able to subscribe to Wired by email or buy other stuff
by emailing them my credit card number, but I sure don't want to do
that without encrypting it, especially with this sniffer-attack supposedly
going on.  I'd especially like to be able to do it with one-shot credit card
numbers, which would be tied to my real account in some accountable way
(either through crypto-signatures I generate myself or through online
transactions with the bank), so even if the person on the far end
tries to rip me off by reusing my card, they only get one shot.
Without crypto, that's not a practical system; with crypto it might be.
Would I use digicash banking to hide all my income from the IRS?
Probably not - I'm an employee, rather than a consultant,
though that's never a constant in the computer industry;
big companies tend to collect withholding and the IRS likes to squash
non-volunteers, and sometimes even fines companies for underwithholding.
Too much hassle, at least for now.  But I'd certainly like to use it.
And I'd love to be able to use digicash to pay for things like
Grateful Dead tickets, though I can't say I *know* that drug cops
follow you around for buying them :-)
Would I use cryptophones?  For doing politics or money, sure.
It doesn't keep the cops from photographing you at political meetings
or anti-war demonstrations, but it does make it harder for them too
cause trouble and track down organizations like CISPES.

@_date: 1994-02-15 21:29:57
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: SCHEME for FULL-SPEC RETURN PATH 
Sorry, either I mixed it up with regular cypherpunks mail or didn't realize you were expecting a response.  To summarize your method,
messages going from the original sender to the recipient have headers like
X-Anon-Sender-Path: where the X-A-*-P: headers have the form
and "stuff" is similar-sorm stuff encrypted with a remailer's public key.
When going from the sender to the recipient, remailers take their
names off the X-A-S-P line, decrypt the stuff, and encrypt themselves
onto the X-A-R-P line, which the recipient can use to reply.
My two main problems with it are
1) It leaves the recipient's address visible the whole way.
Not only is this a security risk, but the recipient may not have made
it known, since the recipient may have set up some messy remailer-chain
using different syntax to get replies.
2) The syntax may be symmetrical, but it's ugly :-)
It would be cleaner to package it into the To: field if you can, though
the user+stuff at somewhere format seems to be an Andrewism, and the
Internet standard  at domain or user%foo at bar.com
forms only carry machine names, not machine and user names.
Because you're not using the standard mailer syntax,
it means that you have to build a chain of only your flavor of remailers
to get a reply to work, though I suppose almost any method has that problem.
But you run the risk of a normal machine or smart-mailer along the way
just seeing the To: recipient at machine.com and sending it directly
instead of sending it to your remailer-user.  Better to keep roughly
your same syntax, except have the To: line be only the next hop,
and the recipient's real address be hidden inside the X-A-S-P pile.
That's also more symmetric, letting you take a reply from this sort
of system and reply back to it again.

@_date: 1994-02-22 19:09:26
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
There are several factors that are probably leading people to ask about
how digicash is valued.  WHile digicash is basically a transaction technology,
there are different categories of transactions it can support.
One way for it to acquire value is the method that checks and bank notes use -
somebody deposits real money in a bank, and writes requests to move it around.
Since you're talkign about starting a bank, the obvious question is whether
the accounts will be in dollars, yen, gold/silver, rubles, etc.;
while much of the business may be in dollars or Swiss francs,
supporting more than one currency increases your workload a good bit,
and each additional currency adds a certain amount of work.
The other way digicash is likely to acquire value is for it to
represent requests for certain amounts of service, e.g. digital postage stamps,
highway tolls, etc, where it's basically service-provider scrip.
For some systems, this may be free and used just for resource allocation,
or testing, or whatever.

@_date: 1994-02-23 16:32:13
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Prof. Denning's Newsday Editorial 
Dorothy Denning's article had a few interesting comments.
Are you saying the Justice Department are terrorists? :-)
Or merely that this will subsidize the Clipperphone industry enough that
honest cryptosystems will have a harder time competing?
Someone from NIST was also quoted in the newspapers agreeing that
only the stupider criminals would use Clipper.  On the other hand,
the government is trying *very* hard to get the cellular phone
industry to adopt Clipper, and I would think this deserves a mention,
since the government's limitation on the number oflayers in the cellphone
market  means that citizens don't really have a choice.
I've found this claim to be one of the most annoying of the Clipper proponent's claims.  The chip does *not* support two-agency escrow;
it only has one key, necessitating some insecure keyloading procedure
like the NSA-two-agents-and-a-laptop-in-a-vault charade.
But the rules for handling the keys are only set by the attorney general,
not by law or technology, and they are carefully written NOT to mention
or forbid any other access by anyone else - especially the not-mentioned NSA.
Please correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't El Rukn the street gang that
the government got in a lot of political hot water about for
bribing informants with drugs, sex, and reduced prison sentences?
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-23 17:02:51
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: quetion about Multi-user systems 
The problem of managing PGP between your PC at home (whether DOS, Mac, or Unix)
and insecure machine at work/school/email-seller comes up a lot.
One way to handle it is to only do PGP at home, which is inconvenient,
but you can at least use workarounds like logging into the work system from home,
uploading the file with kermit or reading directly with POP,
decrypting, and reversing the process to respond.
A much less secure way is to only read it at work :-)
An intermediately insecure approach, depending on how paranoid you are,
is to have two public keys, a more secure one you use only at home,
and a less secure one (which you might as well use a short key for)
that you use for mail sent to your work account, and make sure you
only connect to directly, not from dumb terminals on terminal servers
or dialins, both of which may go across a LAN.  Since PGP lets you store multiple keys on your secret key ring, you *can* have your home machine
know about both keys, so you can upload and read the work mail at home.
Of course, if you want a really insecure approach, you can attach a modem
to your home system so you can kermit in to it from work, upload the file,
and decrypt it there, typing your "high security" password on the
multi-user Unix box across some LAN to a modem pool on a terminal server,
leaving 3-4 opportunities for someone to listen.
What do I do?  I used to not have a PC, so I did my PGP on my diskless
workstation, which was rabidly insecure, and indicated in my key's
user-description field that it was a multi-user system.
Now I do my work computing on a laptop, so it's the only placve I do PGP,
and it's ViaCrypt for legality.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-24 16:17:26
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Clipper 
Clipper is currently only rated for non-classified use.
It could be done securely, assuming there aren't any unannounced backdoors,
by simply using chips for which the keys are not escrowed, or are only
held by the military and protected with certain classification levels,
but they'd have to do a couple of things to use it.
The most important is making sure that a secure Clipperphone
is only used to talk to other secure Clipperphones,
and in addition you'd probably want to make sure the users
have some way of knowing they're talking to appropirately cleared users,
since it's sometimes hard to tell if the voice on teh other end of the phone
really has the authorization it claims it does.  Features like these are built into STU-II and other classified-use approved
phones, but aren't likely to be built into vanilla Clipperphones.
It may be possible to do that with Tessera, though; I'd have to see more
information than they're likely to give out....
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-24 16:22:51
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: ironic 
For that matter, it's ironic, though not at all surprising, that they're
crying foul so loudly that this KGB mole in the CIA is giving away the
identities of CIA moles in the KGB.  Fair
's fair, after all....  Though that doesn't mean he has any room to complain
if he gets treated teh way the Russians treated the CIA spies in their midst.
On the other hand, the papers did make a big deal about how they used
wiretaps to help catch the guy, and that they've known about him for a while;
is this all timed to support the "voluntary" Clipper and the mandatory Digital Telephony wiretap projects?
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-24 17:00:29
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Stealth PGP and Stegonagraphy (Summary) 
Hiding the file in deleted sectors on the disk has a number of problems.
1) It's highly non-portable.
2) If the Bad Guys are looking for contraband files, either they're competent
   or they're not.  If they're competent, they'll certainly notice your    weird drivers and TSRs holding the disk stuff around.
   Your virus-checking software may notice it also :-)
3) If the Bad Guys aren't competent enough, you can get by either hiding
   the file under an innocuous name (e.g. boring.dat), or you can go
   a bit farther by using mimic functions or other steganographic techniques
   to make the file really look like something boring.
4) If the Bad Guys are competent, and they suspect you, they may try
   using Norton UnErase or similar ommands to recover the stuff anyway.
Fractals are a good place to hide stuff, since random-looking low-order bits
could come from steganography, or could just be from the fractal itself;
it's really hard to tell since it's tough to regenerate unless you know the
precise starting parameters and machine behavior.  You could probably hide
4 bits per byte without major visibility instead of the 1 bit/byte you
typically can get away with in normal gifs.
More important is making sure your encryption program doesn't have
incriminating stuff visible in it, such as "BEGIN PGP STUFF" character
strings in the object code....

@_date: 1994-02-24 17:08:52
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Clipper is Voluntary?  Hah! 
Of *course* it's voluntary.  You don't have to use it!
(Pay no attention to that Digital Telephony Bill beind the curtain!)
Actually, it *is* voluntary - for the government.  They don't have to use it,
at least not currently, and they'll still leave themselves loopholes for
use of anything they want for national security, etc.

@_date: 1994-02-24 19:15:13
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Sending encrypted stuff to non-PGP users. 
PGP already lets you do almost what you want.
The pgp -c option does conventional crypto, using IDEA, and prompts you
for a passphrase to encrypt it with.  (You can look at the code to see
if it crunches it with MD5 or just uses the first 16 bytes / 128 bits.)
To decrypt, you just do pgp -d filename.
This lets anybody who has the PGP binaries on their machine decrypt it,
even if they haven't bothered setting up public and private keys.
If they use DOS, and either you're located in an encryption-tolerant country
or they're located in your country, you can send them the binary if they want.
If this is too big, you can shred apart the PGP source and do a version with
just the IDEA decryption stuff, leaving out the patent-sensitive RSA code
and most of the fancy help and file-handling stuff.
Of course, if you *still* really want something that's widely executable
for people who don't want to install crypto code on their machines,
you could write yourself an IDEA-decryptor in PostScript (tm) and let them
print the file on their laser printer.  A tad slow, but......
(Yes, they'll need some way to input the passphrase; editing the file works
but leaves traces around.  You'll think of something user-friendly if you're
that perverse :-)
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-02-25 14:01:23
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Clipper FOIA ! :-) 
Very nice.  Another interesting FOIA victim would be the NSA - while the
designs for the stuff are presumably classified, they may not have thought
to classify the rules for accessing the data, or the plans for
loading keys onto chips (which they had given Dorothy Denning to announce
but have since said the design will be different.)
The design of the "black box" for law-enforcement agency use,
except for the skipjack and maybe LCM-1 portions, may also be unclassified;
if not, then the number of them made, plans/schedule for making them,
cost, plans for distributing, etc. may be FOIA-able.

@_date: 1994-02-27 20:39:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: I have FOIA'd the Clipper Key Escrow databases 
I'm puzzled by the applicability of "classification" here.
The NSA can classify stuff, since they're part of the military,
and a few other government agencies can (State Dept., I think?),
but are NIST and Treasury able to do so?  (Assuming, of course,  that we
maintain the charade that the NIST and NSA are separate for crypto purposes.)
I don't think they can, and if they could, they wouldn't be able to give
any of the classified stuff to regular local cops.
If things become classified by the NSA handling them at key-setting time,
then they can't give them to the so-called escrow agencies,
or if they do, those agencies can't give them to uncleared people.
Perhaps the NSA's secret backdoor mechanisms in the key-setting process
are classified, since the nation would feel very insecure if they knew
about them, but that's a separate issue.
Keys for batches of chips the NSA burns for use by Defense Department users
are a different story, and probably have a different Family Key
than civilian-wiretapping keys, but they're probably handled under
entirely different rules anyway.

@_date: 1994-02-27 21:02:53
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: standard for steganography? 
Doing a pnmstego isn't quite the right approach, since it's a special-purpose
tool that advertises its presence.  A more appropriate general-use tool would
be something like pnmbitplane, which would let you do something like
extract a specific bitplane from a ppm or pgm as a pbm, and a reverse
tool which would let you substitute or xor a pbm into a pgm or ppm,
with appropriate options for the ppm versions that let you do one color,
all three, etc., and for both ppm and pgm to let you pick which bitplane.
You'd also have to add something appropriate for padding, like a
random-fill vs. 0- or 1-fill option, or else provide a tool that
makes a string of bytes into a bitmap shaped like a given pnm.
Some advantages - it's more general, there are other uses for it
(such as adding titles to ppm pictures), it's not much more work to write,
and only the NSA agents reading cypherpunks will know that's why it's there :-).
A disadvantage, of course, is that potential users may not guess,
unless people tell them things like "Oh, yeah, you could use ppmbitplane
to do that, of course".  This also lets you reserve the name ppmstego
for translating between ppm and Stego Mac format.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-01-04 23:24:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Credit Union 
LD asks about the status of digicash credit unions and such.
Several different projects are going on.  The credit-union approach
is from some folks in the Austin cypherpunks group whose names I've forgotten,
who posted a rather funny article to the net a few months back
about their drive to Dallas to meet Chaum; I think it was on both
sci.crypt and cypherpunks.  The other project I know about is
the one Eric Hughes and friends are working on.  Anything having to do with banking law tends to take an immense learning-curve hit just to do the legalities - they're often harder
than the technical work, given the availability of Chaum and other
people's work in the academic community.  As with most projects,
people spend a while kicking around what they'd like a system to do,
and developing technology to do it (often in parallel, and sometimes
science-fiction writers tell us what a system *ought* to be doing
for us long before anybody figures out the details of how to do it
or what the real implications of technology are), but sitting down
and actually implementing something is often a lot of work -
especially if you're doing stuff like writing business plans
and hunting down venture capitalists, which may not go on as publicly.
Unfortunately, certain flame-wars have made it difficult for
people to do real work on cypherpunks (ahem!), and have forced people
to adjust the priorities of what they read and think about and
how much time they spend doing or talking about new fun stuff.
(Flames to /dev/null :-))  This means that sometimes the only
way to find out what people are doing is to meet them in person,
or send private email saying "what are you up to these days?"
One of the valuable parts of CA-cypherpunks has been everybody
going around the room saying "here's what I've been playing with lately."
Don't know; you can ask the people doing the work by email,
and maybe they'll think it's worth their time to bring you up to date
and ask for your help if you've got usefl contributions.
Or you can go out and start one yourself, and ask for help;
lots of the important projects get the bulk of their work
done by 1 or a few people working hard.
Nobody's invited me :-), except there's the IMP lists, which I haven't
taken the time for yet.
There are dozens of different flavors of applications for moving money, goods, and services around the Internet, with different needs,
different economic characteristics, etc.  Most of them need some form
of crypto to be usable, whether to prevent forgery or counterfeiting,
preserve privacy, guarantee you'll get paid, deliver the goods and cash
at the same time, etc.  That means that cypherpunks, sci.crypt readers,
and people like us who may or may not have time to follow the lists :-)
are generally the experts on this sort of technology among internet-users,
except for corporate efforts which may be going on in proprietary-space.
An IMP needs to accommodate a wide range of needs, and needs to
avoid re-making mistakes that cypherpunks have already learned to avoid.
While I certainly am concerned about keeping information about
where I'm travelled and when private, both I and the subway providers
are willing to risk using little mag-cards bought for cash with
the $5-20 they hold; on the other hand, I'd really rather not file
my income tax return on postcards or satellite broadcast-grams with
payment attached via my credit-card numbers, SSN, mother's maiden name,
and digitized-ink signature.  You may have other preferences :-)
That's a political question for another thread, and most of what
I said was political discussion, it wasn't market surveys of customers.
FOllowups to cypherwonks, please.  Any sufficiently advanced technology...
Chaum and the folks at C.W.I. and Chaum's company have developed
a lot of the interesting technology, or at least patented it in the U.S.,
so you *have* to deal with them if you want to go into business.
That doesn't mean you become a subsidiary, just a customer.
Meanwhile, the meeting you're referring to was between Chaum and
the Austin folks, as I and others have mentioned.
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com

@_date: 1994-01-10 17:06:37
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Internet billing scam? 
I tried to telnet to mary.iia.org, and a Sun machine named "mary" did answer;
I didn't play around with telnetting to port 25 nad seeing if it did smtp,
though I'll try sending mail to bogususer at mary.iia.org and see if it bounces.
As Steve points out, sometimes credit cards are more useful for services
like this than digicash is, but I'd still prefer not to send
credit card numbers in cleartext, even if the card vendor is supposed
to eat most of the fraudulent use.  Would be nice if they'd use some
sort of public-key mail system so that they're the only ones capable of
fraudulently using the card number, rather than any eavesdropper :-)

@_date: 1994-01-10 17:15:13
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Forged messages part of "Operation"? 
I don't think you can strictly call it a crime, just abusive rudeness,
though if you did something like that in Detweiler-space, it might classify you as a Tentaculer Traitor to Humankind.
However, sufficient levels of abuse can get you kicked off systems;
though he's been posting lots of verbose human-generated messages
rather than mechanized mailbombs, which are clearly over the edge.
And he's been mailbombed directly by other rude people; don't know
if he's done it to anyone himself.

@_date: 1994-01-10 17:21:57
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Crypto not being used where needed 
There are two different problems with eavesdropping cellular calls:
- trying to find a *specific* person's calls
- trying to find any interesting call.
The former is still hard, but if unencrypted cellular credit-auth
boxes become widespread, all you'll have to do is set your scanner to
listen for 1200-baud tones and match for patterns that look like
credit-card requests, since you don't really mind *who* you rip off.
This is not good.  One way around it is to use public-key crypto;
however, simple symmetric-key crypto with different keys per vendor
should be adequate, and the paper-trail for setting up credit-card service
gives you a key distribution mechanism.

@_date: 1994-01-12 11:12:10
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: underground industry 
My three guesses about cash business in New York had been
- retail pharmaceuticals :-)
- politics
- garment industry
all of which have traditionally been off-the-books to large extent.
A friend of mine in NJ had for quite a while been a bookkeeper at small
companies that typically would only hire her under the condition that
she was off-book, and therefore not getting Social Security, etc.
For many companies, though, hiring people off-book is a problem,
because their income is relatively traceable, and they get taxed on
the difference between income and expenses, and payments to suppliers
also tend to be traceable because otherwise the IRS won't allow them.
If you can make your income look lower, by not reporting cash income,
it's not a problem, but otherwise you want the expenses to look high,
and non-reporting suppliers aren't as willing to deal with customers
who have to report transactions.
Another set of trqaditional off-books cash work is the manual labor market -
house cleaners, yard work, odd jobs, evening carpentry; a number of
politicians have been getting stung on these recently.

@_date: 1994-01-23 21:06:33
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Making unsubscribes easier 
As with many mailing lists, we get a lot of mail about
subscribes and unsubscribes.  Perhaps we should make it
easier for people to get off the list, or at least find out
where the list maintainer really is.  Some possible approaches:
1) Add a header line to all the postings saying something like
2) Add a dummy subscriber to the list that greps for "subscribe"
3) One problem with standard listserv and majordomo software is that
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-01-23 21:26:32
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: The Digital Barter Economy 
As Mike Berch pointed out, an economy can grow just fine without
increasing the supply of whatever money is being used -
as long as the currency is easy enough to divide into smaller quantities.
That's one reason gold and silver are quite good, though paper money
and numbers in a ledger do quite well also.
Yes, there are difficulties with a fixed money supply in a growing
economy - money that you save keeps increasing in value,
and money that you borrow becomes harder to pay back.
That's ok - markets adjust the interest rates on borrowed money to accomodate people's expectations.  It's certainly better than
having one group of people decide that there should be more money
in the market, print it, and force everybody to accept it from them.
On the other hand, in an international free market, no single government's
fiat currency is mandated, and if the bank or its customers want to
hedge their bets by using multiple currencies, it may be worthwhile
to offer them, and any banking protocols we develop should probably
accommodate that.  Banks have to be more careful in a multi-currency
environment - if gold or yen go way up in value, people can do a run on gold or yen accounts even though the dollar accounts aren't getting hit.
(e.g. gold prices jumped about 20% at the beginning of the Yankee-UN-Iraqi
War, and anything slumps in value after *I* buy much of it.:-)
If a bank has all its assets in dollars, and Clinton decides to inflate
the currency to pay for Nationalized Health Care, same problem,
unless all its acocunts are in dollars and it has to convert when
trading with people who use other currencies.
As far as inflationary effects go, if you're a government and print
lots of fiat currency, the value of that currency goes down.
Same thing if you're issuing a private currency, except you can't
force your citizens to accept your zorkmids in exchange for real stuff.
So either you don't print more zorkmids than you can back with something,
or your accountholders get upset, withdraw their money, and
you're in big trouble unless you've got insurance - and insurance
companies tend to make sure you have a reasonable audit program
before they're willing to risk their money insuring you.
Private deposit insurance *is* available - a credit union down the
street from me insures accounts to $350K, which is $100K federal
and $250K private insurance.  The only reason it's not more widespread
is that people have tended to believe government insurance was enough.
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-01-23 21:46:32
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Remailers: The Next Generation 
Phil Karn suggests we look at anonymous forwarders for IP as well as mail.
It's an interesting idea - Eric Hughes and Matt Blaze have recently
talked about "packet laundering" at Bay Area Cypherpunks meetings,
and there's been some work done on multi-stage laundering with
cutouts in the middle so it really stays anonymous.
Some issues include how to pay for it (digicash is one obvious approach),
how to set up rendevous, and the usual datagram-vs-circuit problems
of how long to maintain an association between addresses at the forwarder.
On the other hand, while the Internet is rapidly absorbing email,
there are lots of email systems that are *not* IP-based, such as
uucp-over-dialup, Fidonet, X.400-over-OSI, and commercial mail systems
that may forward to and from the internet but run their own backbones,
which help make remailers harder to trace.
There's also the hybrid issue, where you tunnel IP across whatever
transport medium is available - there are some people doing this over telnet,
and it would be a convenient way to do things like get IP service
from a flat-rate dialup access provider without paying $2/hour for SLIP, etc.
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-01-23 22:16:35
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Remailer Policies 
A certain Tentacle of Medusa writes about problems with anonymous
remailers being abused, and apparently speaks with some experience
about mailbombing and other obnoxious behaviour.  He suggests a few
policies that he'd like somebody to enforce on remailer operators,
as near as I can tell?
Unless you control all the mail-users in the world, you can't stop this.
On the other hand, it would be good if the standard remailer tools
make it easy for remailer-operators to prevent the remailer from
sending mail to specified destinations, and perhaps to restrict
mail originating *from* certain users either in general or to
specific destinations.  The latter are more difficult, since
networks of remailers do tend to make it difficult to tell
where mail really came from, but sometimes remailer-operators need to do this in self-defense.
It would also be worthwhile and courteous for remailer-operators to
decide policies for blocking remailing.  For example,
Julf's anon.penet.fi remailer doesn't post news anonymously
to newsgroups that have voted that they don't want it,
and he's had to deal with a number of abusive users who he's blocked.
This is difficult to define or implement.  I can often recognize
mailbombing when I see it, if it's unencrypted, but a remailer
operator has trouble determining whether something is a long train
of abuses, or merely the transactions from the First Digital Bank
Anonymous Credit Card or the responses from the ftp-by-mail server
at NASA that somebody really wanted.  On the other hand,
letting a recipient specify throttles would be useful,
and charging for remailing (whether by message, by size, or both)
can also cut down on abuse.
It's not difficult, if you're using a modern mail system,
to filter out messages based on anything you can easily automate.
There are some mailing list handlers, like the ones the Extropians bought
for their list, that are friendly and flexible about it,
so you can decide who to exclude, and a next generation of
anonymous remailers should probably include similar capabilities.
On the other hand, it's about like junk mail - there are groups of
junk mail senders who will drop you from their list by a single request,
and other junk mail senders who buy those requests to target you :-)
I'd personally be disturbed if the software easily supported
this sort of voluntary blacklisting without good authentication,
since otherwise one of your Medusa buddies will go around unsubscribing
people from anonymous remailer lists who don't want to unsubscribe;
digicash banks and customers and political organizers are particularly
vulnerable to this kind of abuse.
I thought *you* were the one who was just complaining about
remailer operators who divulge the identity of their users,
though maybe I misinterpreted you.  While people who abuse
remailers as publicly as you do are easy to put on these lists,
most abusers are probably doing so for the fun of abusing people
rather than to make a point about how easy these systems are to abuse,
so they're more difficult to stop without violating privacy.
This also opens up the possibility of forged abuse, with an attempt to get someone widely blacklisted,
and censorship by remailer operators claiming a user is abusive.
Then, of course, there are people who call for others to be Shunned,
while making nuisances of themselves....
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-01-23 22:36:34
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Remailers: The Next Generation 
The issue of bogus traffic between remailers is yet another parallel
to the Crying of Lot 49 :-)  Got to send at least one every week
to keep the system going..... On the other hand, some of those
mail folders are really named WASTE and not W.A.S.T.E., as I found out from
my ATTMAIL friendly user interface one day :-)
As far as telling real traffic from bogus traffic on remailers goes,
the implementation issues are much different between cleartext remailers
and remailers that accept encrypted mail.  The latter, if anybody's
written and implemented them, can easily handle bogus mail,
since eavesdroppers can't tell it form the real stuff.
It would be helpful if we agree on a standard format for mail that should be discarded by remailers, e.g.
would either be discarded immediately or possibly be forwarder
to another destination with N replaced by N-1.
Alternatively, sending mail to some remailers without the
Anon-Remail-To: or equivalent header may cause it to be sent to a real person;
creating a standard "discard" user on some machines or having the remailer discard mail from the local MAILER-DAEMON equivalent
will allow anon-forwarding to bogususer on whatver machine.
# Bill Stewart  NCR Corp, 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566
# Voice/Beeper 510-224-7043, Phone 510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-01-30 16:04:02
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: MacPGP BAD on soda.berkeley!!! 
Just wait until Chemical CAD/CAM becomes available - shipping valium
will be protected by the First Amendment, the data police will be
competing with the drug police to confiscate your computers,
and LD wibe ranting that drug dealers are using crypto remailers
for both payments and product delivery :-)

@_date: 1994-01-31 01:19:12
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: NSA/FOIA foo bar 
[Sorry to send this to the list, but the originator used a remailer.]
I assume that, if the person whose dossier the NSA sent you by mistake is identified well enough to send them mail, you're giving them a copy?
(The U.S. Postal Service still supports anonymous mail :-)

@_date: 1994-01-31 01:29:12
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Remailer Tearline Conventions 
Unfortunately, no, there isn't an accepted convention for tear-lines
that cut off the bottom of a message.  The top is handled adequately.
Julf's anon.penet.fi remailer  cuts off anything resembling a signature,
using the convention that a -- line (or maybe an all-dash line?)
is a signature, since some of the common mail and news programs use that,
but the regular cypherpunks remailers didn't the last time I checked.
It would be nice if there were an official syntax, either something
formal and mimeish, or a simpler '--truncate here--' sort of line
that gets retained across remailing so additional junk doesn't accrete.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Systems, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-01-31 12:59:33
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: 2-way anonymous via SASE 
Jon Boone  writes
No, the last remailer only needs to know how to send mail to the
preceeding remailer.  Depending on how fancy a remailer system you're
using, and whether the recipient or remailer operator can be trusted,
there are different amounts of work you need to do to get what you want.
If you're creating 1-shot reply tokens, they can be set to send
to an address at the n-1th remailer, which anonymizes and adds the address
for the n-2th remailer, etc.  This gives you reasonable security as long
as at least one remailer can be trusted and isn't coercible.
Don't know if anybody's implemented remailers supporting this yet;
Julf's anon.penet.fi remailer gives a more persistent return address.
BTW, an alternative to arranging digipayment to every remailer
in the chain, which is complex, slow, and introduces opportunities
for leakage, might be to create a "Remailer Postage Cooperative";
postage gets sent to the first remailer only, and the remailers
use some sort of settlements process to divide up the payments,
the way phone companies or post offices do.  Postage might vary by number of hops you're paying for or whatever (e.g. a 3-hop stamp),
and settlements might be per-message or might just be apportioned by the
difference in amount of traffic flowing in each direction.
This works better with a stable system of remailers,
but even if the remailers aren't all cooperating, it at least lets you
reduce the number of postage-stamp messages to the number of cooperatives
your message uses instead of the number of remailers,
and reduces setup considerably.
Finger can be faked - including your Key ID or fingerprint in
your .signature file lets people be more sure it hasn't.
e.g. >  finger boone at psc.edu for PGP public key block ID # Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Systems, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-01-31 23:35:26
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: An interesting tidbit in Information Week Magazine 
Interesting stuff, though it really belongs on comp.eff.org.talk
or other netnews groups rather than in cypherpunks;
we've talked about it a bit, but the major cypherpunk issues
are encryption policy and how much we'll be able to engage in free speech if the state-capitalists manage to steal the nets from the
emerging free market.  (Oh, wait, that's flame bait, isn't it?  Sorry :-)
Followup-To: comp.org.eff.talk   -- Thanks;  Bill
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Systems, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-01-31 23:55:26
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Matsui-san Attack 
============================== START ==============================
Fortunately, attacks requiring large quantities of known or chosen
plaintext aren't very relevant to secure email, since typically
each message has a different randomly-selected key used only for
that message; even if you discover the key, it isn't used in previous or
future messages so the compromise is limited.
A 1GB message gives about 2^27 8-byte texts, and if you have that much
known plaintext, you probably don't need to decrypt the rest :-)
On the other hand, if someone had a known-or-chosen plaintext attack on
a public-key algorithm, that would be interesting, since you can
generate as much chosen plaintext as you want.
Crypto usually cares more about integer MIPS than MFLOPS.
I'm not up on current HP models, but 12 HP machines should cost between
$100K and $1M, which makes this attack close to
the second-best attacks on DES, which will break a key in a day for
~$30-50M - Peter Wayner's design used Content Addressable Memory, and
somebody from DEC designed and I think built a Gallium Arsenide DES chip.
The best is Michael Wiener's design using CMOS gate arrays, which
should be able to break a key in about 3-4 hours for $1M.
Doing this well with general-purpose hardware is impressive.
But, yes, this means your PC will still take a while to crack DES;
on the other hand, the NSA has probably been building massively parallel
DES-crackers for a few years, and is more likely to try to break
secure email than most amateurs. :-)
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Systems, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-07-01 00:26:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: (FWD) WHAT MOTIVATES CRYP 
Some of the peace movement folks I've hung around with over the years
were part of the "Resist paying taxes because they pay for the War Department"
movement, with various methods of not paying ranging from public refusal
to working in the underground economy to making less money.
Then there was that Thoreau fella....
If your political scale puts different sets of people who oppose
encroaching government control on opposite fringes, it needs some rework.
(Not to say that some of us won't cultivate the fringiness available
in any particular movement; many of us find the mainstream libertarian
"deep-in-center-field" position to be a bit boring....)

@_date: 1994-07-01 23:00:49
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Credit-card PCs exist 
I should know our cash machine line by now, but anyway...
I think ours are basically PCs with OS/2 operating systems;
having real multitasking is useful in a communication device,
and it's a reasonably flexible environment for adding drivers for miscellaneous peripherals, like cash dispensers.
A few years ago I saw a cash machine that was not working,
and had a very dos-llike boot error message on the screen.
Grocery store aisle signs are often driven by Amigas,
and occcasionally have confused-Amiga messages on them.
ObCrypto: according to someone on the net, some appallingly large fraction of teller machines don't use encryption on their comm links.
(Grocery store signs do just fine without crypto :-), though some
of the new radio-transmission shelf price labels might be interesting
hacking for somebody with lots of time on their hands.)

@_date: 1994-07-01 23:16:05
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Illegal Acts & Crypto 
A lot of the crypto users I know are quite the opposite - folks willing
to stand up in public, speaking truth to power, challenging the
NSA in court or in the newspapers, and working to distribute and share free software with other programmers to improve the work
done by everybody.  Many of them are as trusting as anyone else
intellegent I know, though I'll have to grant a certain amount of cynicism :-)
Cypherpunks write code!
Celebrate Independence Day the traditional way - overthrow a government! :-)

@_date: 1994-07-01 23:17:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Detweiler clone at WS 
Cubby vs. CompuServe is at least the beginning of that recognition.
Celebrate Independence Day the traditional way - overthrow a government! :-)

@_date: 1994-07-04 14:44:09
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Password entropy 
"Nobody" asks whether you really get 128 bits of entropy out of MD5
if you put in fewer bits, and whether you need to put in more than
128 bits of entropy to get 128 bits of entropy out.  (This is mainly
relevant for the case where you iterate MD5 N times for large N.)
Entropy = -sum ( p(Xi) * log2(p(Xi) ) , Xi { outcomes of a random event X }
which is the sum of the amount of information each event gives you times the
probability of the event occurring.  In this application, the events are
"the input to MD5 is" and "the output from MD5 is", and each input is one
of many (presumably independent) values leading to the same output.
You know that Entropy(MD5(Xi)) is <= 128, since there are only 2**128
possible outputs, and they're supposedly equiprobable given random input.
If the distribution of the Xi's is known, and it has substantially lower
entropy than 128 bits, then the output also has lower entropy, since the
probability of MD5(Xi) appearing is the probability of Xi.
There's a bit more entropy lost in the MD5 step - if MD5(Xi) = MD5(Xj),
-p(Xi|Xj)*log(p(Xi|Xj) < -p(Xi)*log(p(Xi)) + -p(Xj)*log(p(Xj)).
On the other hand, collisions are infrequent - the probability of a
pair of numbers having the same MD5 value is presumed to be 2**-128,
and the usual birthday paradox calculations apply, so you'll probably
find one if you take 2**64 random samples.
At this point, knowing the details of the MD5 algorithm *does* matter;
you can analytically find a few pairs of inputs that have the same
MD5 value - but if you're choosing random inputs it's not likely to happen.
If you could analytically invert MD5 (it's presumed that you can't,
even for the 128-bit-input case), or store the results in a 2**128 large
lookup table (:-), you could find out exactly how much lossage there is.
Don't worry about it :-)
If you still *are* worried about it, however, you can scramble things a bit;
since MD5 produces 128 bits of output but uses 448 bits of input+padding,
you can add a different constant to the input at each step.
If you're using it as a salt, put it at the beginning; if you're
just doing it for multiple iterations it doesn't matter much.
Celebrate Independence Day the traditional way - overthrow a government!

@_date: 1994-07-06 00:04:01
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: MD5 is 1=>1? 
There are different kinds of brokenness.
- There's being able to find the original input to match any output
  (not a problem here, though finding the shortest ASCII input would
  certainly be interesting...)
- There's being able to find at least one input to match any given output;
  that's pretty broken.  For MD5, it's assumed that the probability
  is 2**-128 of an input producing any given output.
  If you can do this, it's easy to abuse protocols using the hash.
- There's being able to find two input strings with the same output,
  excluding some easily identified set of "weak" inputs;   for MD5 this is presumed to take about 2**64 tries with the usual
  birthday problem math.  Occasionally this can be useful for
  abusing protocols that use the hash, though not too often.
  It might be one way to cheat at net.gambling, for instance....
- There's being able to find two input strings through careful
  analysis; I don't remember if MD4 has any, but MD5 has a few.
  A carefully designed protocol can avoid accepting these outputs
  if there's a small set of them.

@_date: 1994-07-10 00:08:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Request: tamper-proofing executables 
Tamperproofing things that aren't hardware is difficult.
If your code is sufficiently non-obfuscated to be worth tampering with,
Bad Guys can tamper with the tamper-checking code just as easily as they
can with the useful-stuff code.  One way around this is to leave
digital-signature-checking to exterior programs, e.g. include a PGP signature
(probably in a separate file to avoid mushing it into your binaries)
and let them check the signature from their own copy of PGP.
(Or for cheapness without patent problems, distribute a RIPEM-sig instead.)
Some people have suggested code that does things like encrypt some critical parts of the code and decode them on the fly at runtime,
using a key that's generated by checksumming the file and XORing
with the last 8 bytes or some variant.  Sufficiently persistent Bad Guys
can respond to this by grabbing the code from memory as they run it,
and you can play games with them about decoding stuff a piece at a time, etc.
(All of this is of coure easier in LISP or interpreted languages.....)
How much work you want to put into this depends on how much effort
you think the Bad Guys are willing to spend cracking your code.
I've heard people talk about doing totally encrypted computation,
but I'm not sure whether anything practical hs been implemented.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-07-15 23:21:06
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Leaving the Country 
_was_ involved, I'm afraid.  Karl's heart disease caught up with him
this spring.  He'll be long remembered.
# Bill Stewart       AT&T Global Information Solutions (new name for NCR!)
# 6870 Koll Center Pkwy, Pleasanton CA 94566  1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# Email: bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465
KH: "A good friend, good lover, good neighbor"
Q:  "That's all there is to being an anarchist?"
KH: "What did you expect, a lot of rules?"

@_date: 1994-07-15 23:30:14
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: National I.D. Cards 
Various other people write:
But we've had *international* ones for years.  Passports.
Go visit Morocco, or Egypt, or other places with heavy-duty bureaucracies,
especially *French* bureaucracies, and you'll find you need to show
your passport or National ID Card to stay in a hotel or change money;
some of those places even have the beginnings of computer infrastructure
to let them coordinAte that information.  Disgusting, but all too common.
In Egypt, they stick paper stamps like postage stamps on all the paperwork
to show you've paid the fees.
We've escaped that stuff for a long time (not surprising, considering
how upset some of our ancestors got about a 3% tax on tea...),
but we could join the rest of the world just about the time they're
giving it up....

@_date: 1994-07-17 20:46:14
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Sue D. Nym, and Netcom records 
That's real easy - I'd take Detweiler in a minute.
Sure, it takes work to filter out each incarnation of Sue D. Spoof,
and there are N-1 more like him out there,
but it's a lot less work than explaining to people why you don't have any intention of using the Nationalist ID Card Number in your databases,
or carrying it on your person, or presenting it when you open bank accounts,
or getting it printed on your armonce they make tattoo removal the
monopoly of the National Health Care System or whatever the paranoids
will thinnk of next.  (And *please* don't say too much of this around
politicians; they tend to miss the smileys and think this sort of thing is
a good idea....)

@_date: 1994-07-17 22:10:15
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Key length security (calculations!) 
[ A: Ea(K)   B: Eb(Ea(K))  A: Da(Eb(Ea(K))) == Da(Ea(Eb(K))) == Eb(K) ]
Some problems - commutative symmetric encryption algorithms aren't very common; the most obvious one ( M xor K ) doesn't work here,
since you have known plaintext, making it trivial to find Ka and Kb,
while the usable M**K mod p looks suspiciously close to Diffie-Hellman
from a patent perspective, though Diffie-Hellman makes useful simplifications,
as Hal points out.
Also, an active eavesdropper can break it (maybe at the cost of reencrypting the
entire conversation), which is the main weakness of Diffie-Hellman;
authentication is still necessary in environments where this matters.
Lots of email these days flows over SMTP connections, where
a couple of extra messages at handshake time isn't a major problem,
though it's really more applicable for link encryption than end-to-end,
given the amount of mail that really goes through MX records or
other mail gateways.  It wouldn't be that hard, now that RSAREF includes
Diffie-Hellman, to do a DH-SMTP and DH-POP, though the  export
regulations make it a bit annoying to use internationally,
and you could just as well use Shamir's 3-way handshake if there's no patent problem.

@_date: 1994-07-17 22:56:10
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: PROTOCOLS: Re: Hashed Hash 
If you're only concerned about telemarketers, this amount of obscurity may be enough - anybody competent enough to hash a list of, say,
10000 last names x 1000 first names into your database is at least an *interesting* telemarketer :-)
If you're concerned about telemarkers from the NSA/FBI/KGB,
then the algorithm isn't enough anyway, because even if you make the
search space large/slow enough to make it hard to list the whole list,
it's still easy to look up "Goren" or "Stewart" or "McCarthy" to see if
they're card-carrying members; it won't protect the usual suspects.
An intermediate variant is to use a password as part of the hash;
if everybody has their own password, the table size is N**2, or you can
give everyone the same password without increasing the table size,
and still be able to distribute the list on FTP.
[This version is probably most useful for Secret Societies,
where key distribution and privacy are taken seriously -
the Masons could use a 33*N-entry hash table, and you *still* wouldn't
be able to tell whether any members were the Illuminati! :-) ]
By giving everyone different passwords and adding logN dummy records to
the database, you could also tell whose copy was leaked (if only one copy
leaks out; you obviously need more entries to detect multiple leaks.)
On the question of whether there are functions I(m) = H(H(m)) for popular
hashes, by definition there are, since H(H(m)) is one.  For most of
the cryptographically useful functions, though, there aren't any that
are faster than running the hash function twice.  Some exceptions are
hashes like a**x mod p, x**a mod p, and obviously (a*x+c) mod p.
But DES is known not to be a group, and MD5 is ugly enough it probably
isn't group-like either.

@_date: 1994-07-21 22:26:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Who Detweiler is *really* posting as 
aNdOm0Zre suggests that Perry Metzger is really a tentacle for L:.D:.,
and that Perry isn't one of the alifornia Cypherpunks so who knows him.
Well, I've known Perry since beforre the Cypherpunks group started,
and he was at one of the first couple Cypherpunks meetings I'd been at
after I moved out here,as well as being out here fairly often for
Extropians gatherings and computer conferences.  He's real.
(I can't vouch for certain that he's not Detweiler, since I haven't
met the Detweilers, but he's real.)  At one of those meetings, it was
noticed that most of the major tentacles were there, including Jamie Dinkelacker (one of the first to be accused of being a Tim May tentacle), and I even sw California Drivers Licenses from the 8 or so
who were there.
Personally, I think if he hadn't existed,we would at some point hasve had
to invent him to discover some of the practical difficuties with
anonymity techniques, but we would probably have invented a less verbose,
less paranoid version who can be turned off when we do't need him :-)

@_date: 1994-07-23 23:53:50
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Travelling ants 
Good one-way transformations are hard to find.
Merkle & Hellman's knapsack-based cryptosystem predated RSA;
it depended on transforming an easy subproblem of a NP-hard general problem
into the general case.  Shamir and others found ways to reverse the
transformation that was used, reducing it to the easy problem.
In general, a symmetric cryptosystem needs to have one easy path through it
(using the key); an asymmetric system needs two (encryption & decryption),
and that's much harder to find.  The inter-relatedness of NP-complete
problems probably doesn't help much.  There may be some deep mathematical truth hiding somewhere in here,
but I'm more of an applied-math type than a real theoretician :-)
A separate problem is that signature and encryption are both useful,
and it's hard to find a system that can do both securely.
Lately they've been more like speed limits...
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-07-24 00:07:27
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Cordless phones with encryption 
Nobody asks:
If all you're looking for is "some privacy", any of the digital systems will give you some, and spread-spectrum systems should do more.
That'll do better than simple analog scrambling to keep scanner-users
from listening in on your calls; spread-spectrum systems will continue
to be useful after the scanner-users get basic digital capability.
Neither one will really keep the NSA out, but they can tap the wireline
your phone's base unit is connected to anyway :-)
If you want to know whether a set is using spread-spectrum or just
vanilla digital, you'll get better information at a specialty
telephone or electronics store than at the large discount warehouse-place
where you'll probably eventually buy it (:-), but it may take you
a few contacts with manufacturers to find out more than what's on the box.
(Shameless plug follows:)  I think I remember reading that AT&T was
doing a spread-spectrum cordless with a range of about a mile,
and a price in the $400 range, but I haven't really kept track.
(List-traffic-reduction plug follows:)
I would have replied by email instead of sending this to all 700 people
on the list, but you used a remailer without return message capability.
anon.penet.fi gives you an anonymous account, and some of the cypherpunks
remailers like soda.berkeley.edu now support encrypted return-blocks.

@_date: 1994-07-24 00:59:22
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
Arrrgh!  I'll try not to flame much here, but this is *wrong*!
Please don't buy in to the government's claims of legitimacy
for this nonsense merely because they've backed down on the less
practical implementations of their abusinve proposal!
First of all, _escrow_ systems are something that two contracting parties
use when they want a trusted third party to perform a service for them.
Holding deposits in real estate transactions is a classic example.
Built-in wiretaps are *not* escrow, unless the government is a party
to your contract.  As somebody on the list once said, just because
the Mafia call themselves "businessmen" doesn't make them legitimate;
calling extorted wiretaps "escrow" doesn't make them a service.
The government has no business making me get their permission
to talk to anybody about anything in any language I choose,
and they have no business insisting I buy "communication protection service"
from some of their friends to do it, any more than the aforenamed
"businessmen" have any business insisting I buy "fire insurance" from *them*.
If you want to talk about escrow systems, the proper contexts are things like contract fulfillment between anonymous parties...
Meanwhile, back to conditions for built-in phone wiretap systems:
No!  I agree that having the government prove your phone was used
for a given conversation that you weren't part of is bad,
but the only way to have unambiguous ID for wiretappees is to have
unambiguous ID for everybody - I certainly don't want to have
to insert my National Real American ID Card into a phone to make
a call, or into my computer to send email, and in case people start
noticing that they can't make phone calls after their wallets are stolen,
I don't want to have to wave my arm-tattoo over the scanner either.
(Ok, I said I'd *try* not to flame :-)
They're the *last* people I want involved with routine communications
between ordinary people.  They're an agency that should probably be
abolished, but at most they should stick to providing secure communications
for the military; I don't want military police agencies or even Federal
civilian police agencies getting involved in civil commerce, (especially when they're doing it to find new businesses now that we don't
have Commies to kick around any more.)  I shouldn't need *anybody's*
permission to have a private conversation with anybody,
but least of all a secret organization that classifies their
activities rather than working out in the open.
Realistically, if the government starts allowing non-government agencies
as keymasters, it'll probably be banks or phone companies, since they're
large cooperative subpoenable organizations that are involved in the
communications the government most cares about wiretapping,
and they're hard to avoid since they're providing your services.
In particular, it'll help set precedents.  Bad ones.
I'd also worry about the effects on a watchdog group of taking government
money for helping the government wiretap people.  Wiretap keymastering
is likely to be an expensive activity, if done competently,
and involves major questions of liabilty.  What happens when
the government says to your group that they'll cut your funding
by $1Million if you don't keep this one quiet?  Even if you're honest
enough for that not to work, what about the moral effects of being on
the government's side in a court case (as keymaster) when you
used to be the group that defended the Steve Jacksons and Craig Neidorfs?
That's a minor technical detail :-)  It's also quite possible,
and the all-software wiretap version that Dorothy Denning and friends
are talking about supports it just fine.  A more important detail
would be to use genuinely separate master keys instead of one master key
split into multiple parts for the keymasters by the trusted NSA,
as in the current Clipper system.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-07-24 01:31:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Gore's "new and improved" key escrow proposal 
Whit Diffie gave a talk at a recent Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting
about the software-only master-key system that Dorothy Denning
and friends are working with.  He'd talked about it earlier,
and it was discussed at a workshop at Univ.Karlsruhe they went to.
Essentially, it's a fairly clean protocol for sending a session key and
a master key, encrypted with a keymaster's public key, in a way that the recipient of the message (who knows the separately-negotiated session key)
can duplicate the public-key-encrypted access-field chunk to verify it.
The wrinkle that was noticed at the workshop was that you can use anybody's ID in the ID field, so there's a need for your master-key
(which is already digitally signed by the keymasters)
to include some verification; I don't remember the details,
though it was fixable after some mild embarassment for the statists.
As far as communications between rogue phones and conformist phones,
it's actually stronger than Clipper turned out to be - if the conformist
receiver *wants* to verify that the access-field is correct, it can,
so you have to generate it correctly, while you could generate a
fake Clipper checksum in ~2**16 tries and the receiver wouldn't know.
For end-to-end communications, that's ok; if you and your friend
are both non-conformists, you don't need to check access fields,
and you gain a small setup-time advantage by not checking.
But your cellular phone company will probably be Conformist,
as required by Digital Telephony Initiative  and your bank
may be as well (assuming the government continues to regulate banks.)
Unlike tamperproof secret-design hardware, an open wiretap protocol
can't force you to be conformist - but traditional government regulations
have worked to keep banks and phone companies conforming in the past.
Will they be able to get us to accept this abuse?  Maybe.
I hope Clipper put a bad enough taste in the public's mouth that
they won't get away with it, but a hardware chip is a lot more concrete
than "telecommunications software protocol standards" for many people.
Depends on whether the government looks like they're "compromising"
(which looks good and nice) or "continuing to push this trash
even after they've lost" (which looks obnoxious, but they seems to be
getting away with it quite well with National ID cards - they're on about their 5th attempt.)
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-07-24 03:15:01
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-07-24 03:25:33
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Clipper Chip retreat 
You don't need the Post Office or Federal Reserve to do it;
banks are perfectly good at keeping information mostly private
and giving it to the government when they want it - they do that
with your financial records now, assuming you use US banks.
They may also be in the business of providing genuine key escrow
for people who want it, e.g. backup copies of corporate data and keys,
as well as government keymaster subcontracting.
Phone companies could also do the job, but if the Information Superhighway
has Information Police running speed traps like Louis Freeh wants,
or Friendly Platform-Opening Regulacrats like some other folks want,
they'll be cooperative enough about keeping their own copies of the keys
in case they're subpoenaed.

@_date: 1994-07-24 03:30:56
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
Keywords: ranting, crime in cypherspace
X-Oops: let's try including the contents file this time:-)
Mike_Spreitzer.PARC at xerox.com writes
No problem, as long as you can handle surprising rhetoric on occasion :-)
I don't see that there's much choice, and after we get rid of the first 90%
of the government I'll be happy to debate theory for the other 10% :-)
It's more than a change - it's a declaration that the government
already had the *right* to control all your communications,
and is just now getting around to implementing it.
But aside from the arrogance, I'll agree that it's too much power for them.
By the way, you used the term "social contract" in your letter.
Somehow, the government has gotten the idea that the "social contract"
is between them and us, rather than between us and us.  It's not,
or at least none of the copies *I* signed included them...
I have to agree, and I distinguish between "real crimes" vs. "laws".
a) Untraceable payments for physical violent crimes (e.g. kidnap ransom)
b) Better communications for conspiring to do violence (murder contracts...)
c) Bank Robbery (any respectable digibank can protect itself technically,
   but we're already seeing Teller Machine card forging in Britain,
   and other banks will probably have weaknesses as we learn digibanking.)
d) Forgery - digital signatures are great, if they're long enough,
   but protecting your keys is more critical than it used to be.
e) Fraud - you'll probably have to do a better job checking reputations
   for a digital stockbroker living behind anonymous remailers paid with
   digicash than you currently do for physically traceable brokers like
   Ivan Boesky.  f) Extortion - it's hard to break somebody's legs in cyberspace,
   but you can send the threat that way, and tell where to send the money;
   you can also threaten to publish their private key which you stole.
Of course, the big "crimes" that the government usually wants to
use wiretapping for are things like drugs and money laundering,
both of which are none of their business.
The 4th amendment's terms aren't for you - they're for the government
to obey.  While I suspect the authors of the amendment assumed the
government would seize criminals and search for them, they don't
claim that power as their right, they only place limits on it.
No, it's not.  Wiretapping, electromagnetic eavesdropping,
and demands for records you were already keeping are search.
Ordering you not to have private conversations without recording them
for the government and not to have locks without giving them the keys
first are the analogs of so-called "key escrow".
Well said...
As a moderate not-quite-pacifist anarchist, I still understand
people's desire to protect themselves and their property,
though I'm not sure that I agree that revenge after the fact
has a real moral justification, but if it does, then you'd
probably want to hire some police to get your stolen stuff back or avenge injuries done to you, or at least detectives to find out
who injured you so you can publish bad reputations about them.
The government aren't always *my* police force of choice,
but I certainly have no intention of imposing my spy service on all
your conversations.
"Escrow" is an arrangement between two parties to hire a trusted
third party to keep something for them, typically down payments in contracts.
If you want to escrow keys in conversations between the two of us,
feel free.  If the people who work for the government think
that *they* are one of the parties to my conversations with other people,
when I wasn't talking to them, they're rude and arrogant :-)
If they think they *own* my conversations and can limit them,
it's time to see how the Bill of Rights limitations on "takings"
apply in cyberspace....
The Clipper chip only has one master key per chip; the fact that they
store it in multiple pieces is a political charade designed to
increase its chance of acceptance by focussing on the details.
It certainly wouldn't have been hard to design a chip that really
*did* have two separate master keys input by separate agencies.
Or more.
Money is part of the issue; the more important part is weighing
restrictions on people's freedom against the benefits of order.
The government has essentially announced that *they* get to do the
weighing and deciding.  And the technical issues are all classified,
thank you :-)  But you can trust the NSA; they're competent professionals.
There really *are* benefits to order, and there are real crimes
that may be less likely to happen if order is imposed on us.
Freedom has risks.  I think they're worth it.  And unlike the folks
who've decided they're in charge of order, I think it's wrong
to make that decision for others, at the cost of their freedom,
which mandatory escrow does.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-07-27 00:12:39
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: New Threat on the Horizon: Software Key Escrow 
Does anybody have any experience doing stockholder resolutions?
Even though they seldom pass, they are one way of pressuring a company
to do things, and if well written can have a big impact (e.g. a
resolution that Microsoft/AT&T/Apple/Network23 "never compromise
the privacy of their customers data by using key escrow" puts management
in a position of either supporting the resolution (yay!) or
saying "no, sometimes we're willing to compromise our customer's privacy",
followed by weasel words about how it's Good For America and therefore
Good For General Motors or whatever.

@_date: 1994-07-27 00:21:02
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: New Threat on the Horizon: Software Key Escrow 
That was one of the main objections pointed out by the folks at the
Karlsruhe workshop.  The solution is to have some component, I forget
which but probably the session key, public-key signed with the sender's
private key, and have that key include a key certificate signed by
the Authorities.  Did cause some minor embarassment for the statists,
who hadn't apparently noticed it, but works fine.
On the other hand, if you lose your wallet and your National ID SmartCard II,
which has your signed IsNotACrook Citizen Credentials on it, and your card PIN is still set to 1200 like your VCR, and somebody guesses it,
well it's a real shame that you have to get it replaced and change
your Security Number.

@_date: 1994-07-27 01:02:09
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Encryption Algorithm for Pagers 
[small, fast, low CPU needs, small keys]
Exportable is easy - you just need to get a *license*.  Since you're
at Motorola, you're a big enough company to talk to NSA and have
some clue of having them approve it, as long as you give them an
algorithm simple enough for them to crack, or dependent on a key you give them, or whatever.
An alternative is to develop the code overseas and import it;
I don't know where you're doing your pager hardware, but this
does mean installing firmware overseas (not a major problem if you use
flash eproms, though still annoying.)  But you can use any algorithm
you want, and get to complain to the COmmerce Department about how
your US firm had to use overseas labor because of hostile export laws.
Also, exportable doesn't mean you import it to the country you want to
sell it in; Singapore may not be willing to let you import there something
that the NSA let you export from here, and China may not either.
As far as protocols go, you need to look at your threat model -
are you worried only about random eavesdropping, or do you want
something secure enough the NSA can't crack?  Ron Rivests's RC2/RC4
protocols are export-licenseable, as long as you limit them to
40-bit keys, and are willing to license the code from RSADSI.
It has the advantage that your data will probably be only readable by
professionals for the next few years, though I don't know if it's small
enough for your application; speed should be fine.
On the other hand, the basic wimpy Linear Feedback Shift Register random number stuff, while not highly secure, may be adequate for your needs;
use a mode like 32-bit randoms of which you use the bottom 8 bits
to XOR with your data, and start it with an initialization vector
you send with the message so the address message isn't always constant
for a given user.  I guess I really hate to suggest putting wimpy encryption
in an important global system like a pager net, though it's better than
the current totally non-private version.  The big advantage you have
for current pager applications is that most messages are short,
max 80 or 256 characters with averages probably 20 characters,
so there's not much known plaintext (assuming you do the important
step of using a 1-character abbreviation for the pager system's
own phone number, which is otherwise transmitted on a large
percentage of pages...)  On the other hand, you *do* have the known plaintext of the pager address in each message, which is serious risk.
Actually, Blum-Blum-Shub looks like it should be a fairly small
program, but I don't know how long a number you need to use
to make it reasonably secure - if it's in the 128-bit range you're fine.
(it's probably less likely to be exportable than DES, I suppose :-).
It's slow, but you may be able to pre-compute.
Also, you can gain some efficiency by splitting up the pagers into
128/256 groups, send an unencrypted group-id as the first byte, and only decode if that matches.  That means you don't need to watch most of the messages that go by, and have extra slack time to decode the messages
in your buffer that may be meant for you while ignoring the rest; this does imply that the transmitter would queue up messages so that
messages from the same group don't go out within N messages of each other.

@_date: 1994-07-28 13:44:49
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: (fwd) Possible compromise of anon.penet.fi 
It's an interesting weakness, and at least as serious as the
naXXXXX / anXXXXX problem that reveals your identity if you send
email to another anonym.  The one anonym I've used on anon.penet.fi is already known to at
least one other person (to whom I'd sent mail about the fact that
they'd included their .signature in an anonymous article :-)
I disagree with the "despicable" opinion, though it's certainly a
serious problem and it would certainly have been nicer if the cracker had done only a limited number as a demonstration (maybe this
counts; I don't know.)  BUt if our tools have technical weaknesses,
it's *much* nicer to find out from a non-police-agency cracker than
to learn about it when they start knocking on your door.
It sounds like there's a need to separate the email and news-posting
parts of the anon.penet.fi software, or go to stronger anon-reply
methods like the one on the newer cypherpunks remailers.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-07-29 00:53:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Microsoft, Master-Keys, and DMS 
I've heard on the net that the Defense Messaging System (DMS) will be using Tessera cards,
but I really don't understand how they could use a key-escrow* system for classified data,
which is what the DMS is designed to carry.  After all, that would mean that the
classified data would be  accessible to people without a direct need to know,
which is non-kosher.  At minimum, the master key for each card would have to be classified at the maximum level the card is authorized for (non-surprising), and the Key Generating Bureau's
Family keys would have to be classified at the maximum level *any* cards using it are authorized for (or different family keys for each level, I suppose, which has the
added benefit of making different-level cards non-interoperable.)  But making that
data classified means that classified data needs to be stored on the card,
which either means handling it as classified material (awkward), or putting *lots* of trust in the chip's tamperproofnesss (doubtful).
Alternatively, there may be some way to get Tessera cards to do Skipjack encryption
without sending the wiretap block at the beginning of the conversation,
either by simply not doing it, or by superencrypting that block for transmission
(which is the classic Clipperphone hack known since the beginning.)

@_date: 1994-07-29 00:56:29
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Denning and Walker on SKE and International Escrow 
[Denning/Walker/Freeh agenda deleted]
Out of curiousity, does anyone know if this "Institute" was pre-existing,
or if it was put together for the purpose of having a good academic-sounding
name for a whitewash conference?  [I suppose this could be compared to

@_date: 1994-07-29 01:15:30
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: NYET, coercion, and censorship 
The goal of wanting to allow one's kids to read the net without them being exposed to "adult material" that they're not old enough to deal with is not unreasonable,
though I know people with a variety of attitudes toward that aspect of child-raising.
One way to implement it is the heavy-duty authentication of adults vs kids, with the
network infrastructure designed to authenticate everything so you can identify all posters,
etc.  Most of us are probably against that :-)  (By the way, similar sorts of things have been
proposed by the "get schools on the information highway" movement.)
But there's another way to do it, taking an end-to-end approach, using PGP tools.
Give all the kids who want to participate PGP keys, with a web-of-trust created for
certifying a web of "good kids" (you can have the center of the web be the parents' organization,
or your churches, or PTAs, or Kidsnet or whatever), and use tools that only allow them to receive PGP-signed messages - shouldn't be too hard to modify a web client, nntp server,
or mail-wrapper to do it, and it doesn't force any structure on the rest of the net.
You also have to modify the tools to sign messages they originate.
Now, to make it possible for your kids to find enough screened material to be interesting,
you'll have to organize a lot of people, but that's inherently part of the job.
Alternatively, you can build gateways from "trusted" information sources;
if Prodigy's censorship is adequate, gate in prodigy messages.  If Clarinet news is
something you consider reasonable, since it's almost all wire-service news,
then gateway that into your net as well, if you can find a way to satisfy licensing.
If you want to add "well-behaved adults", you can add them too, though you may want to leave your net tools flexible enough that they can also read the open network.
That way, we can all coexist, and it puts the burden on the people who want special services,
rather than having them force everyone else's tools and policies to change.
It's also more honest, by pointing out to the users that they're getting a special
pre-screened service, rather than implying that the rest of the world wanted a fully-controlled

@_date: 1994-07-29 15:35:01
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
[ good replies by Eric Weaver and Blanc Webber, deleted. ]
I'd further add that there *are* reasons for a business to use escrow,
[and I'm using the term "escrow" correctly here, as opposed to the government's
use when referring to master-key systems imposed by a third party rather than
information given to a neutral third party by the principals of a contract.]
For instance, a business may want to keep records of communications with other
businesses, such as purchase orders, electronic payments, etc.
but may want to send the communications encrypted.  Escrowing keys and encrypted messages is one way to provide for later dispute
resolution.  Maybe not the best, but it can be useful.
(A digital signature by the recipient of a hash of the message is another.)
Escrowing passwords can also be a reasonable business practice - you *don't* want to have your business records become unavailable
if the system administrator gets hit by a bus, and you'd really rather not
have your corporate encrypted mail gateway become unusable if the passphrase is lost.  Again, escrow is one possible technique,
though escrow on a per-message basis isn't the best for these applications.
When I bought my house, the down payment to the sellers went into escrow
until we concluded the contract, as insurance for them that I wouldn't back out.
It should, however, be viewed similarly to an _employee_, which it is.
On the other hand, when you quit your job, you don't have to leave town;
you just find another job if there is one, or maybe start your own business.
Even if we viewed governments similarly to employers, this approach would
encourage them to keep their employees happy - otherwise, we'd quit
working for the Yankees, and either go armadillo or join the North American
Self-Defense Cooperative or the Quaker Aikido League.

@_date: 1994-07-30 16:31:47
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
It's a little better than that, but not much.
There are three sides to the process - writing the wiretap field,
verifying the wiretap field, and using the field to wiretap.
The receiver can definitely verify the wiretap field, but has a choice
about whether to do the verification or accept conversations with an
invalid field.  If a conformist receiver refuses to accept conversations
without a verified wiretap field, the sender has to include it to talk.
(This is the opposite of Clipper, where the receiver has no control over the system, but the sender can construct a fake wiretap block with some work.)
The sender has a choice of what keymaster agencies to use, but the receiver
can choose whether or not those agencies are acceptable.
It's easy to turn off software key escrow, but only on your own machines.
Unfortunately, the most interesting cases are applications like cellphones,
where the sender is the occasionally non-conformist phone user, the receiver is the phone company, and the government can bully the phone company into being conformist about both verifying the block and
only accepting politically correct keymasters.  For other cases, like encrypting fax machines, they'll probably accept
any keymaster, so you can probably use "Dev Null Key Security Inc."
(The government *could* get nasty and insist that encrypting fax machines
can only be imported if they verify that the keymaster's key is signed by
the Key Generation Bureau, but it's a lot harder to control millions
of fax machine users than a few hundred phone companies.)

@_date: 1994-06-01 00:03:21
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com_1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: IMP (was Re: ecash-info (fwd)) 
It ain't de facto until a lot of people are using it.
I suspect PGP with credit card numbers in free-form ASCII
is almost as common, at least for now; there are 4 or 5 groups I've seen that will accept that.  And phone calls or faxes to the number
on the bottom of the ad on Usenet probably outmumber those...
In particular, digicash isn't a standard until there's at least
one bank a lot of people can access via digicash.
However, it's certainly a nice approach.
Credit cards do take care of one of the objections Hal mentions,
which is how you can trust your vendor to ship you the goods
instead of absconding with your cash.  Some of the digicash protocols
can help with that process, at the cost of privacy - the spender
can reveal the number of the coin that was ripped off, but the receiver
may have cashed it via anonymous remailers, making it difficult to
prove who's telling the truth in court, especially when the goods
were software delivered by anonymous remailer chains as well.

@_date: 1994-06-02 11:14:45
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: News Flash: Clipper Bug? 
Dorothy's group was highly worthwhile; you just have to understand
the objectives :-)  It produced a fine interim report describing
how strong the strong part of the Clipper system was,
making it politically easier for the NIST to declare their stuff
to be a standard blessed by experts.  The evaluation of the whole
Clipper system, beyond just the SkipJack algorithm itself,
will supposedly be in the final report, which will supposedly be out
Real Soon Now, according to a conversation I had with her in March.
I suspect that report is either being hastily revised (:-),
or else they had already discovered it and were stalling to see if
anyone else had, or they had seen Matt's draft and have already written
the revisions but were waiting to see if he could get it published.
On the other hand, maybe they've discovered one of the other N technical weaknesses in Clipper, or had given the system a negative
review and aren't getting support from NIST to release it,
or some other amusing variant.
Meanwhile, way to go, Matt!  Both for doing the analysis,
and for getting the material to the press effectively -
and also way to go John Markoff!  (Out here in the San Francisco
Chronicle, it only made the bottom half of Page 1 Column 1;
haven't seen the San Jose Murky News yet.)

@_date: 1994-06-02 11:23:33
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: News Flash: Clipper Bug? 
I assume 'rouge' is a typo - Matt's paper was talking about
rogue units, rather than Commies or makeup-artists :-)
One weakness in the weakness is that most Clippersystems
appear to be designed to use the same session key in each direction,
so both ends have to be privacy-protected versions to prevent
wiretapping, since a non-rogue LEAF from either end will give away the key.
But it's a good start, and ought to be exploited for all the
political mileage we can get out of it.... and it's not surprising
that security in a conversation is everybody's job...

@_date: 1994-06-02 12:39:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
Keywords: rant
Capstone/Tessera already had to be redesigned to use the
new Secure Hash Standard revision (one can speculate about
whether the NSA's revision was to remove an old weakness or install a new one, or both :-)
Of course, if they do redesign Clipper instead of junking it,
the chances of them making it *more* genuinely secure
by having the two wiretap keys installed separately
instead of having them combined (and probably stolen) by the NSA
and then the XOR loaded in are probably pretty low...
It's especially enjoyable seeing that coming from Micali    -
his patent on "Fair Cryptosystems" is just *dripping* with
the collectivist use of "fair" as meaning "Do what we tell you".
His system also fails to carry out the claims made by his patent
that say it permits the government to access the keys of suspected
lawbreakers while protecting the privacy of law-abiding users,
unless you accept the Ed Meese position that people who are
law-biding aren't suspects...
While the SHS problems are crypto-related, the primary incapabilities
of the NSA's Clipper project aren't technical, but political - they're trying to tell the public "We don't trust you,
but you can trust us, because we're from the Government
and we're here to help you!", which is a hard sell for anyone :-)

@_date: 1994-06-03 09:02:51
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: more info from talk at MIT yesterday. 
Defense Messaging System is supposedly going to use Skipjack,
so I assume it's reasonably secure - and if there *are*
NSA-only backdoors in the algorithm, at least they won't
be admitting it to your neighbor hood cops and FBI wiretappers,
so you'd have to be an *interesting* suspect to get cracked.

@_date: 1994-06-03 09:21:11
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
More precisely, as Steve's summary pointed out, it's tied to the IV,
which is tied to the session key.  (It makes sense - assuming the descriptions of the LEAF contents are true, the only session key
component in the LEAF itself is encrypted with the chip-unique backdoor key,
and tying it to the IV accomplishes key-dependence, though they could
also use the session key externally from the LEAF.)
Unfortunately, most Clipperphones will probably use Diffie-Hellman key exchange, since it reduces or eliminates the need for prearranged
public-key management (depending on whether they're using radio or
a medium that can be actively wiretapped), so precomputation will generally
not be usable.  I suppose some crude Diffie-Hellman implementations
might always use the same half-key for every conversation,
rather than generating a random one each time, and you could
precompute session keys for talking to them.
For email applications, however, most standards will probably use
sender-generated session keys, so it would be simple enough to
make secure Tessera mailers if you don't worry about subliminal channels in the hash.

@_date: 1994-06-03 09:47:33
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Faster way to deescrow Clipper 
That's a separate protocol issue; Clipper doesn't do any key exchange
itself, though Capstone does.  Unless manufacturers are bullied/bribed into
using a standard implementation, everyone will probably roll their own.
If you use the same session key for both directions of the conversation,
which most Clipperphones probably will, then yes, it's true.
That means you can only have private conversations with other people who also care about privacy, which is somewhat appropriate.
On the other hand, a big use of Clipper is traffic analysis,
and Matt's method *will* prevent them from getting your Clipper
serial number from your conversations, though they'll get the number
for the other end if they're not also hacking LEAFs.
That can be a big win, especially if the other end is a well-known person,
like your local cellphone provider or president at whitehouse.gov.
However, one danger of doing this for cellphone calls is that they
might notice that calls from your cellphone keep having different LEAFs,
and suspect that you're a Potential Troublemaker.
3) If all that is needed for this hack is a LEAF with a proper
The LEAF depends on the IV for the session, which depends on the session key.
Therefore, it's probably different for each call; otherwise you *could*
just reuse someone else's LEAF.  (This should be obvious,
but I wasn't thinking about it when I first read Matt's paper,
though the "but the IV will be wrong so that won't work" had been
a sufficient distraction for many of us when CLipper first came out.)
Remember that they don't record Clipper chip keys when you buy your
Clipperphone - otherwise stealing one would be effective.
They record the chip-unique backdoor keys when they make the chip,
so they can tap *any* conversation they hear without needing to
keep track of who owns what phone.  On the other hand, for cellphones, it's *real* easy to find out who
uses a given chip, since the phone call setup protocols tell them
what phone it's coming from, and they _can_ look that up with the
phone company, so they can easily do that correlation.  (If the Clipper
chips are socketed, you could always swap them for occasional more-paranoid-but-still-tappable calls, but that would probably just annoy them.)

@_date: 1994-06-03 10:04:50
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Faster way to deescrow Clipper 
The IV is session-dependent, and both ends generate it.
We don't know where in the LEAF the chipid is, but if they
use a fixed format and don't do a key-dependent permutation of the LEAF bits,
it shouldn't be hard to figure out (unless the checksum comes first
and they use a block-chaining encryption, in which case you know you lose.)
That would let you create rogue LEAFs with known users' chipids,
which would be interesting - does anyone want to make 65536 calls to
clipperphone at whitehouse.gov :-) ?  (Yeah, it's not quite that simple.)
(If you do need a lot of data, cellphones are a good source,
since the cellphone operators' chipids are likely to be wellknown, though rapidly tapped.)
Paranoid-speculation-mode: Of course, if you can forge LEAFs with
their chipid, they can forge LEAFs with yours, which could be used
to manufacture interesting evidence....

@_date: 1994-06-03 10:13:12
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: News Flash: Clipper Bug? 
Back when Clipper was first announced, you could call up Mykotronx and ask them for data sheets on the chip.  Don't know if they're still
giving them out or not.

@_date: 1994-06-03 10:22:38
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Faster way to deescrow Clipper 
Yeah, that was brain damage on my part.  My basic idea was that it
is possible, for some chaining methods, to find out where in the
LEAF the chipid is by watching what changes when you vary the keys and
the chipids used, even if you *don't* have the Family Key or know
the encryption mode, but the set of modes and component orders for
which that works is more limited than I first thought.
There are still some that work, though.

@_date: 1994-06-05 17:03:27
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: NYT article "traditional", my ass. 
The Fourth Amendment is a good start, but it's by no means complete
protection - after all, it forbids "unreasonable" searches and seizures,
leaving only the police and the courts to decide what is "reasonable".
The police definition, before the Exclusionary Rule was "sounded useful",
and the courts have often let them get away with it - not surprising
from an organization with a tradition of upholding convictions of people
who dared publish pamphlets against the draft when the politicians were
trying to get into a war (Schenck ~1916), or of people who publish books
and magazines with non-nice descriptions of sex or support for Commie-nism.
Courts have generally been improving, and the Exclusionary Rule has
led to changes like New York City police getting search warrants
when they want to search places (they didn't bother getting any the year
before that rule was made!)  And while the 9th  and 10th Amendments
are largely gone and forgotten, courts do at least acknowledge that
there are some rights of privacy.
# Bill Stewart       AT&T Global Information Solutions (new name for NCR!)
# 6870 Koll Center Pkwy, Pleasanton CA 94566  1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# Email: bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465
KH: "A good friend, good lover, good neighbor"
Q:  "That's all there is to being an anarchist?"
KH: "What did you expect, a lot of rules?"

@_date: 1994-06-07 23:33:20
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: FTP-by-mail from US sites for accessing crypto archives? 
Nobodu asks if FTP-by-mail from a US site will let outsiders
retrieve crypto.  Most of the popular crypto sites in the US
that support non-exportable materials store them in a directory
that's constantly being renamed, and require you to read a readme file
with the license material so you've been warned before they'll tell you
where it is.  Most of the popular ftp-by-email sites have tended to
be slow when I've used them :-)  So it may not work very well,
unless you catch a fast ftp-by-mail site.  MIT requires you to
telnet to ftp-dist.mit.edu and log on to register for PGP,
which is tougher to do by email.

@_date: 1994-06-10 00:39:49
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: COCOM is dead (Was: PGP in Australia) 
I was surprised not to see any discussion of this on the net,
by my newspaper had found its way into the recycle bin before
I got around to typing in the article or seeing if the Times or Wall St. Journal had an article with genuine details.
What I remember seeing was that COCOM was disbanded, but the member
governments were going to maintain the rules for a while on their own
until they're sure the Commies are really gone and not just hiding
under the bed somewhere and there aren't any other convenient enemies
on the horizon.  So it's a good start, but doesn't change any laws directly.
On the other hand, with countries like Germany and Colombia legalizing
or decriminalizing marijuana, who knows?

@_date: 1994-06-10 00:51:58
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Regulatory Arbitrage 
I'm not surprised, though my perspective has perhaps been enhanced
by growing up in the land of the Delaware Corporation -
part of the advantage of Delaware was that corporate taxes were low,
but additionally the regulatory climate was friendly and there was
almost 200 years of corporate relationships with the local government,
so most disputes could be expected to be resolved reasonably fairly.
It seems that business, like the net, regards censorship and other interference as damage, and routes around it....
No surprise here - as transportation and communication improve,
it becomes easier for buyers to buy things anywhere, from anyone,
and the pool of available suppliers increases.  And buyers are stuck
with their local regulatory stupidity, but they can shop around for
sellers with less stupid regulations.  Meanwhile, the leverage of
sellers with government-supported monopoly markets is decreased,
because their local markets are less captive, and foreign markets
aren't forced to buy from them; it becomes increasingly to their advantage
to leverage on their current size to outcompete external competition
while decreasing instead of increasing regulations on their businesses.
Sometimes the only way to level the playing field is to get rid
of the walls you built around it....

@_date: 1994-06-12 22:30:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: back to programming projects... 
Right.  There are two sets of encryption used in the RSA-IDEA combo:
1) RSA, encrypting a random session key with a public-key algorithm.
By definition, RSA-like public key algorithms can easily have known or chosen plaintext generated, since you can encrypt anything you like.
RSA isn't susceptible to known-plaintext (except for verifying that
a (presumably stolen) private key is correct, or by factoring very large numbers of very large prime numbers and checking them,
which is computationally infeasible), and any other public key system
that *were* susceptible to known-plaintext attacks wouldn't be very useful.
Major breakthroughs in factoring theory could always change this,
earning mathematical fame and fortune for the discoverer.
Short RSA keys can be factored; you're better off with 1024-bit keys
or longer for anything you're real serious about.
2) IDEA, encrypting the message itself using the session key.
IDEA is not known to be susceptible to anything better than brute force,
so known-plaintext attacks require trying 2**128 keys, which is
computationally infeasible.  Perhaps someone can find a hole in IDEA,
but there's nothing major at present.
3) There's a third component that might use encryption - generating
the "random" session key.  Obviously, if you use the same session
key to send different messages to different people, they might notice.
If you use different session keys to send messages to people,
but the session keys are easily derived from each other,
and one recipient notices the pattern from several messages sent to him,
he might try guessing the key for the next messages you send to
other people.  So use a genuine high-quality random number generator.
There is one more special case, which is sending the same message
to multiple recipients, with the message encrypted once with the session key, and multiple versions of the session key encrypted with
each different recipient's public key.  I've forgotten the details,
but if there are more than e recipients, it's possible to crack this.
(e is the encryption exponent, typically 3 or 17.)
That's why PGP and other well-designed systems will pad the session
key with random stuff before encrypting with RSA (which is an essentially
free operation, since the RSA blocksize is much larger than the
session key for IDEA.)

@_date: 1994-06-12 22:58:27
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Protocol Wanted! 
Sounds like a job for Blacknet, or similar anonymous-broadcast systems.
He can't easily hide the fact that *somebody* is in the business from the NSA,
since he can't easily tell that Alice doesn't work for the NSA
and isn't planning to publish his business's existence to the net.
But if he and Alice are both remailer-users able to post to the
Blacknet broadcast (using whatever mechanism, like alt.waste),
Bob can post a note to Alice saying he is able to crack RSA keys for money,
and Alice can post replies saying she doesn't believe him and
here's a message to crack.  There are cut-and-choose protocols
described in Schneier that can handle (awkwardly) the mechanics
of getting Bob to recode and return the message, and Alice to
hand over the digicash, without either of them feeling too ripped off,
assuming there's a digicash system in place that gives sufficient
Bob has a bit of an advantage in convincing Alice,
since he can probably read her encrypted posts to the net -
he can start teh conversation by posting to her on Blacknet
with some keywords from messages she's posted to other people.
That doesn't directly tell her that he's cracking RSA rather than IDEA/3DES,
but he could also include a note that the first n bits of her
private key are .......
Alternatively, he can go on a political rant about Too Many Secrets,
but having seen that movie he can announce the details of his
decryptor on sci.crypt *before* announcing that he's giving a
lecture at Stanford...
Somebody, in the discussion about pricing, said that some of the
proposed protocols would take too much CPU time, cracking lots
of keys just to demonstrate that he can do it, and that
he should always charge money to avoid overloading his 486 box.
If he's going to go into the business of factoring RSA keys for money,
he'll probably make enough to afford a few *new* computers
once he hits up a couple of wealthy customers,
if he's not spending it all on air travel and bodyguards.

@_date: 1994-06-18 14:48:17
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Magic O(logn) RSA decryption algorithms 
Complexity theory often uses the concept of an oracle, which is a function
that gives you a correct answer in constant time; some oracles only hand out one bit at a time, while others give you more data than that.
One reason that oracles are useful is that they give you lower bounds
on how much work is required to do something - if a job requires O(f(x))
time with an oracle doing the hard parts, you know the whole job is
at least that complex.  NP completeness uses Non-Deterministic Turing Machines,
which are one formalization of oracles - an NP complete problem requires
polynomial time to solve if the Turing machine is allowed to make
O(p(n)) correct non-deuerministic steps (e.g. gets the bits from an oracle),
where p(n) is some polynomial or smaller function of the input size.
(NP complete problems are normally formalized as a function that returns
0 or 1 depending on whether the input is a correct solution to the problem,
so solving is equivalent to demonstrating that a given solution is correct.)
So, if you've got an oracle around (and oracles cost more than the $10,000
Perry bet Jim, if you buy good ones :-), how much work does it require
to demonstrate that the oracle just handed you a correct key?
Public Key: n = pq, where p and q are secret, e relatively prime to (p-1)(q-1)
Privatekey: d = e**-1 mod (p-1)(q-1), which is about logn bits long.
Encrypting: c = m**e mod n
Decrypting: m = c**d mod n
n, d, c, and m are all about logn bits long; d may be a couple bits shorter.
p and q may be shorter, but logp + logq = logn.
One way to demonstrate that the oracle handed you a correct key
is to encrypt a piece of data and then decrypt it.  This requires
two exponentiations, and two or more modulo steps.   My copy of Knuth
is buried somewhere, so I don't remember the complexity of mod n,
but it's got to be at least log n or so.  Encryption is fast,
since e is a constant (fast is log n in this case), but decryption
requires O(logn) multiplies, and each multiply takes at least logn
steps since the answer has 2logn bits (it may be slower, I forget;
it's probably logn * logn single-bit adds plus carries.)
So the time required is >= logn**2, which is too slow for Jim.
The other way to demonstrate that the oracle handed you a correct key
is to show that de = 1 mod (p-1)(q-1), which requires knowing p and q,
and is thus equivalent to factoring n, as Perry said.
I suppose the oracle could hand you (p-1)(q-1) = pq-p-q+1 = n-p-q+1
without handing you p and q, but that's asking a lot from an oracle.

@_date: 1994-06-19 20:56:27
@_author: Ed Carp [Sysadmin] 
@_subject: Andy Grove on Clipper 
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA11875; Mon, 20 Jun 94 01:18:06 PDT
Received: from gw1.att.com by toad.com id AA11869; Mon, 20 Jun 94 01:18:00 PDT
Received: from anchor.ho.att.com by ig1.att.att.com id AA11807; Mon, 20 Jun 94 04:17:35 EDT
Received: by anchor.ho.att.com (bind.920909)
Precedence: bulk
Only if you're trying to share the port with other functions,
like, ummm, modems, which you'll probably want at about the same
time you want your random number generator.  But if you've got a spare slot to put a random number generator in, you could just as well
put *it* in the spare slot, and save $20 or whatever the current price
difference between internal and external modems is.  Except for
laptops, where slots are generally not available (except PCMCIA),

@_date: 1994-06-20 01:21:39
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: L.J. Freeh and the Opposition 
Yeah.  On the other hand, his weight *is* strongly, if quietly,
behind Clipper - he's pushing the Digital Tele-phony Initiative to prevent
the phone companies from offering real crypto, so that if one of them
*does* decide to offer real non-Clipper encrypted service (e.g. cellphones),
they won't be able to.  If he were officially on the side of Clipper,
then the Clipper forces wouldn't be able to say "it's purely voluntary";
for now they can pretend to be totally separate efforts.

@_date: 1994-06-20 01:28:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Position Escrow System 
But for now, the auxiliary Portable Position Escrow Devices (cellphones,
to mix in the OJ thread) augment the satellite support.
Under no circumstances shoudl citizen-units be permitted to put their
PPEDs in moving vehicles driven by other people; fortunately,
existing littering laws prevent people from tossing their cellphones
into moving pickup trucks, and the forthcoming ban on Gun Transportation
Devices should eliminate pickup trucks before the population as a whole notices.
Meanwhile, plans to restrict citizen-units to their Position Escrow Zones
unless carrying PPEDs are being evaluated, and a cost-benefit analysis
versus enhancing the planned SmartCard systems will be forthcoming.
... And they think we're just working for the Post Office....

@_date: 1994-06-20 23:56:10
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Having your own computer means never having.... 
Reversability is the main difference - the disgruntled fired ex-sysadmin
can encrypt everything and promise to restore it for big bucks plus amnesty.
On the other hand, hiding the backup tapes and shredding everything is
relatively reversable as well, and has the advantage that you can
threaten to sell it to the competitors, so it's not much different.
When I was an undergrad, an ex-sysadmin left the University,
and a week or so after he was gone, the database system announced
that it would self-destruct in a week.  They had to keep the system
shut down for a couple of weeks and change the system clock while
they hunted for the time-bomb, and the same sort of thing could be
done in many modern systems without crypto, though crypto makes it easier.

@_date: 1994-06-22 10:15:10
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: something I've always wondered 
As Perry points out, for any key, cycling through the 2**64 inputs
will produce all 2**64 outputs.  On the other hand, there are
(2**64)! mappings of the set of inputs to the set of outputs,
and DES only uses 2**56 of those mappings, so there are probably
values of P and C for which there is no key K such that C = DES(P,K).

@_date: 1994-03-01 14:39:49
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: stego 
Jim Choate's comments on steganography having problems with images
that are too complex or too simple were interesting.
Obviously, cartoon-like GIFs aren't a good target, though scanned
real stuff may be fine.  Weather maps cna be good - back when I worked
with the things, I found you could really see about5-6 bits worth of
depth, and after that it didn't usually look much different -
we stole one or two values from the color-map to draw lines on
the satellite images to add state boundaries, various data values, etc.,
but could have stolen the LSB and maybe 7th bit without major loss on
cloud-image pictures.  (Radar pictures, on the other hand, were almost
all black, with one or two other pixel values, compressed to 2% of original
size, and would have been useless for hiding anything in.)

@_date: 1994-03-01 15:36:14
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: DES Question 
Assuming you're using a random initialization vector rather than zeros,
yes, CBC or CFB should be quite effective - the first real block is essentially XORed with random junk, though of course if they guess the right
key they can check that the block comes out reasonably.  But it does
prevent a brute-force attack where they decrypt and see if they get ASCII,
since they first block is random junk - they're forced to decrypt at
least two blocks of data, which is somewhat annoying for brute-force-search

@_date: 1994-03-01 15:42:38
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: ditz in office 
(I voted Libertarian, of course; back in '84 I had wasted my vote on (yuk)
Mondale because he was the closest to a credible threat to Reagan,
and it only encouraged them to get another useless Democrat the next time.
If there hadn't been a Lib running, I would have probably voted for
Perot just for the chaos factor, though I didn't particularly trust him.)
I had, however, hoped that Clinton, as a tax&spend Democrat, would at least
bring in some of the Liberal virtues along with the Liberal vices,
which would be better than a George Bush who had the vices of the conservatives
with none of the virtues.  Unfortunately, I've been disappointed,
in spite of how low my expectations already were :-)
Somebody who favors national ID cards, concentration camps for non-violent
political offendors, allowing the Federal cops to burn down the homes
of uncooperative religious groups if they won't surrender,
restrictions on free speech to keep the cops happy, wiretaps for everyone,
and stuff like that is *clearly* no liberal.
Some columnist, probably George Will, described him as a "passionate hypocrite", which seems to fit reasonably well.  I'd hoped for someone
genuinely passionate about something, and I don't see that in him.
(Nobody could describe George Bush that way, of course, since the man's
clearly not passionate about anything....)

@_date: 1994-03-01 15:56:51
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning 
I objected to Anthony Ortenzi's article on Dorothy Denning.
Much of the attacks seemed appropriate for a politician like Clinton (:-)),
but aren't appropriate for an academic who's doing politics about
technical areas, where there so much more *useful* ways to flame
her ideas, rather than her character.
You're confusing technical tactics with political/social goals.
She's an expert in what you can do with encryption, she just has different
values about who should be able to benefit from it and how.
I thought so too.  Part of it was from writing for a non-technical audience,
but some of her arguments have been appallingly weak.  El Rukn was a particularly bad example :-), and as you say, it would be nice if she'd
just come out and say the government should spy on all of us to keep us
from doing Bad Things; it's an argument people can relate to and discuss
(though it'll get a lot of negative reaction, which is not her objective.)
Yes - her book from the early 1980s was *the* standard text on crypto for
quite a few years, and she's published some other reasonable papers.
Dr. Denning is department head of CS or EE or something at Georgetown.
Probably got scared by a Commie Terrorist Drug Dealer, and comforted
by some friendly federal police officer... or else was educated in
government-run schools. :-)
Clipper sounds like just the kind of thing Perot would enjoy.

@_date: 1994-03-01 16:08:32
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: The answer. 
No good - the KGB has top psychics working for them,
and the CIA has been working for years to keep up.
I read it in the newspaper in the supermarket,
so it must be true!

@_date: 1994-03-01 16:22:55
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: I have FOIA'd the Clipper Key Escrow databases 
Not necessarily - they may be able to claim there's a criminal investigation in progress (one of the standard FOIA loopholes)
or they may lose the first round if there isn't one in progress
so they'd have to go start investigating somebody (for corruption
in government, or spies in the CIA, if nothing else is available :-)
Since they don't know who the spy is, or who has which phone,
everybody's key must obviously be relevant evidence...
But it's clearly a fun opportunity.
If the President supports it, why not a bunch of his fellow politicians?

@_date: 1994-03-01 18:33:45
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Standards for Steganography 
There are basically three classes of things you can hide
1) Plaintext easily-recognized payloads
2) Encrypted payloads with easily-recognized forms, e.g. PGP
3) Encrypted payloads that looks like random noise unless you have the key.
   (e.g. stealth-PGP or other cryptosystems that don't self-identify.)
The definition of "easily-recognized" is obviously context-dependent,
depending on your threat model.  The proposed stego programs are mainly
A) Programs that simply insert the payload, no frills except padding the ends
B) Programs that insert the payload with length-markers and checksums
C) Programs that encrypt the payload while inserting it
D) Mimic functions that adapt the real bits to a given set of statistics
Type A stego is fine for Type 3 data, as long as the statistics of
the file you're hiding data in make random bits believable.
It's obviously not much use for Type 1 data, and only some use for Type 2
data, if you're worried about the Bad Guys knowing that you're sending
secret messages (and you probably are, else why bother with stego?)
So if you're using Type A stego, make sure you use Type 3 random-looking
Type B stego is a dead giveaway, like Type 2 payloads, if the Bad Guys
are looking for it.  If you're using encryption programs that do
some kind of verification (at least if you have the right key),
then you don't need these functions.  Sure, the Bad Guys have to
do the checksum themselves, which takes some work, but they now
have a 256:1 or 64K:1 or whatever certainty there's stuff there.
Type C stego programs are ok, if they're sufficiently high-quality,
but they have to provide most of the functions of a good encryption
program.  It makes much more sense to use a software tools approach
and separate the encryption from the steganography -
if the encryption function doesn't advertise itself blatantly.
If you just use a wimpy encryption function (e.g. XOR all the data
with 10101010 or a PRNG), it stops wimpy Bad Guys at the cost of
annoying the rich competent Bad Guys.  The main usefulness of this
is for Type 2 payloads, e.g. current PGP, but it's probably better to
use Stealth-PGP instead.
Type D stego can be useful for cases where the host material doesn't
look right if you throw in random bits, and you seriously
need to hide something.  It's probably most effective with random-
looking data (Type 3 payloads); with Type 1 or Type 2 the steganized
message will tend to start the same way each time, which is bad,
and if you need the quality of data hiding that mimic functions give you,
you need a high-quality encryption program as well.
All this stuff is essentially saying that you should use simple stego
programs and stealthy encryption programs.  Among other advantages,
it means that you *can* standardize on stego programs without risking
the attention of the Bad Guys, and it's much easier to agree on a standard
with almost no options than to waste time on the infinite choice of details
that you can haggle about with Type B stego - especially since
those systems really tend to need good stealthy encryption as much as
Type A stego does.

@_date: 1994-03-01 23:38:52
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Clipper (Re: Dorothy Denning) 
I disagree.  My opinion is that the axioms involved are
1) We're in power, and want to stay there.
2) Some kinds of technology greatly enhance our power if we control them.
3) Crypto Technology is a major threat to our power unless we control it.
4) Maybe we can stop it if we act quickly, at a cost to society
that's low enough that we won't cause a major revolt
5) If we pull that off, the success will help consolidate our power.
6) The public believes almost anything we tell them, at least for a while,
as long as we sound sincere.
Of those axioms, only 4) is really in question, though 1a) is a bit shaky.
Even George Bush could pull off 6) as long as the economy was doing ok.
Some of the people, though probably not Clinton, have some other axioms,
which I'll agree are obsolete or outright bogus, like:
-1) Government is inherently a good way to do things.
-2) We can accomplish a lot of good things with our power.
-3) We're not really interested in power for its own sake
-4) We're smart enough to run a planned economy
It's not at all clueless.  It's offensive, unAmerican, and probably won't win, but there's a subtle malignity to it that's almost
Nixonesque in its cleverness, and it's tacky enough they may be able to pull it off.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-03-02 13:41:49
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Insecurity of public key crypto #1 (reply to Mandl) 
A while back, when people were starting to talk about encrypting the
list, someone like Eric Hughes pointed out that, if you *want*
to run an encrypted, or batch-digested, or whatever, version of
cypherpunks, you were free to do so - just set up your system
and have it forward cypherpunks to your subscribers.
Somebody could still do it now (not me! :-), preferably outside the
US where the problems of RSA/PKP patents don't apply.
The flip side of the problem is building an automagic decryptor
for mail sent *to* cypherpunks, though you could accomplish part
of that by using the extropia anonymous remailer which accepts
encrypted mail.  On the other hand, doing either of these functions on toad.com today
risks subjecting John and friends to harassment from RSA
(unless toad.com happens to be a Sun 486i or really  hot box with
SoftPC that can emulate Intel code fast enough to run ViaCrypt.)

@_date: 1994-03-02 16:25:51
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Increasing the encrypted/unencrypted ratio (was Re: Insecurity of public key crypto #1 (reply to Mandl)) 
No point.  First of all, anything that everybody on the list has isn't
going to be a secret anyway; it'd get out, and who knows how
many of the subscribers are really spooks anyhow.
Second, the reason for using public-key systems is so you don't have to
distribute secret information - if you're going to do that anyway
you might as well distribute the secret key for a symmetric-key algorithm,
such as "pgp -c".
Third, the newer PGP versions can handle multiple recipients (unless I'm
mixing it up with the plans for the next version?), so you can have
the message encrypted once with one secret key, and N versions of
the secret key (+a random string) encrypted with user i's public key.

@_date: 1994-03-03 16:40:56
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Standard for Stenography? 
It's somewhat of a tradeoff, though, since you really *do* need to have the system be convenient enough to use and standardized enough that
everybody will use it.  My own programming approaches tend to solve
this through reasonably clean programs connected by shell scripts
or C frontends grossly infected with Creeping Featurism;
the faults of this widely-used approach are well-known (:-).  The important decisions, in my opinion, are whether to have an
explicit stego program or something that appears to be more general-purpose,
and whether to make sure the cyphertext you're hiding looks random.
If you're going to have an a program that admits to doing stego,
the main risks in having it do a fancy job are detectability
and portability, and it sounds like Jef's handling that well.
And Xenon's ranting has helped encourage someone to release Stealth-PGP:-)
so that's good.
Carl Ellison's "tran" program takes an interesting approach for data
scrambling - it takes a simple checksum of the first N bytes of the data, which is order-invariant (I think it was a byte-wise XOR?)
and uses it as a random-number seed for scrambling blocks of data;
it's easy to reverse because the checksum is the same after scrambling.
(I forget if the scrambling is also a self-inverse or not, which lets
you use one program for both directions; wouldn't be too hard to do.)
That might be a clean approach if you're still looking for a satisfactory
scrambling method, though you could also do bitwise things instead of bytesized, since you have to split the text out into bits for stego anyway.

@_date: 1994-03-03 16:50:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Need info on Encyption book 
If I'm not mixing it up with a similar book I saw in the store,
I wouldn't be *quite* that negative; I'll comment on the two together.
They're not academic books, and if you're using PGP there's not much you'll gain from them.  The big weaknesses I saw were:
- not mentioning that the techniques discussed are way outdated
  and easily broken by professionals (they tend to say this for
  the simpler methods, just not for the more complex ones.)
- not discussing the *existence* of mathematical crypto techniques;
  it's ok not to go into details, depending on the scope of the book,
  but there should at least be pointers to the topics.
One interesting feature of the books I looked at was that one of them
came with a floppy disk with code on it.  I didn't notice anything
on the first few pages about "Not for export" or a mention that
the government treats crypto as munitions that need special permits
to export - I assume the authors are unaware of this, or that the
NSA doesn't really care about this level of crypto any more than
they care about rot-13 being exported :-) - but you'd think the
publishers would notice....

@_date: 1994-03-03 17:10:21
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Standard for Steganography 
Actually, you don't really need it, at least for PGP.  PGP messages keep
track of how much real stuff the message has, and ought to be able to
do the right thing if there's extra stuff at the end; I'd guess that
Stealth-PGP can do the same.  I realize PGP isn't the only thing people
will want to hide, but most things need hiding have enough structure
to them thatpadding wiht garbage at the end is no problem.
On the other hand, if you do have a length field, you do have to
do something reasonable with it, and just putting it at the beginning
makes it difficult to do other stuff with the stego program,
like inserting text bitplanes into a picture....

@_date: 1994-03-03 17:34:46
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Standard for Stenography? 
If your cryptography methods are good enough to withstand an
opponent who has full documentation of your algorithms and methods,
lots of funds, and everything except your keys, then you don't
need to waste your time with all the other stuff.  And if you can't
protect a couple of keys, it doesn't really matter how much other
security you have.
On the other hand, steganography is almost by definition an obscurity
technique, and while security-by-obscurity is a naive waste of time,
obscurity-by-obscurity is hard to argue against real clearly :-)
On the other hand, if your cyphertext looks like random bits anyway,
it doesn't take a lot to make them invisible.
The real need is to make your data look like Somebody Else's Problem....

@_date: 1994-03-04 21:01:04
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: more steganography talk 
If you're going to go to the trouble of using a public key,
including handling generation, distribution and validation of public keys,
you might as well use a "clever transformation/steganography algorithm"
that's good enough that a brute-force search of all the public keys
won't reverse it.  A good candidate for such an algorithm would be IDEA -
and if this sounds like I'm reinventing PGP, it's intentional :-)
Essentially, you're proposing wrapping PGP in PGP, or in weakened-PGP.
Better to just use Stealth-PGP to eliminate the distinctive markers
that make PGP easy to find, maybe run the code through tran for
extra scrambling if you're not running pnmstega, and then steganize.
And make sure that if you write PGP, The Next Generation, you make
it stealthy so people who don't have the right keys just see noise.

@_date: 1994-03-06 16:51:22
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: PGP (surprise, surprise..) 
Joel Mueller asks:
No, of course it wasn't.  There was some hoax article on the network
purporting that PGP was rigged, which didn't even have Phil's name right.
First of all, you can look at the code yourself, and see the differences
between 2.2 and 2.3 and successors - the discussion on the net centered
around bug fixes and getting things to work consistently across platforms.
Second (or zeroth), RSA has been annoyed at Phil for a while :-)
Among other things that have been done to deal with this,
Phil is no longer developing mainstream freeware PGP, though he has worked on licensed commercial versions like ViaCrypt.
The PGP official development is going on outside the US,
where it's not covered by the PKP/RSA patents and where there
isn't a problem exporting the code (US ITAR doesn't forbid importing
crypto software.)
So don't worry.  If you're concerned about not violating RSA's patent,
buy the VIaCrypt port for $100 (plus shipping and sales tax.)
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-03-08 17:58:26
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Church Accounting - keeping secrets from myself 
Cortland Starrett (cort at ecn.purdue.edu) asked a question
about how a church treasurer could keep track of running
totals of donations from parishioners without being blatantly
reminded of what they are except at tax time.
Secrecy doesn't have to be real high, since the treasurer
does see each check as it comes in, and could keep track separately.
One technique that could be adapted is to add a large random
number to each person's initial balance, and then
subtract that at the end of the year to get the total for
tax purposes.  Pick a bunch of numbers, say between 100K and 900K
save them in a file, and give everyone a copy of their number.
Also add up the total of the random numbers so that you
can get the whole spreadsheet to balance.
Then everybody's running total can be visible without it conveying
any useful information except to people who want to track changes
from week to week, since you can't tell if $654321 means you gave
$1 (with a random number of 654320) or $554321.
The total number shouldn't cause overflow problems for 32-bit integers unless you've got more than 3-4000 people.
For convenience, you may want to derive the random number from
a hash of the person's name, in case they or use lose records.
Not letting the left hand know what the right hand is doing.....
P.S.  Of course, this is just another example of how taxation
negatively affects people's lives - if you weren't paying income taxes,
you wouldn't need to keep track of deductions to charities,
and you could just pay in cash.

@_date: 1994-03-11 15:11:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: money... 
Seems nonsensical.  Detectors of money containing
trace amounts of magnetized metals would have
real trouble with other magnetized metal going by,
and they're not going to stop people at airports to
check whether they're carrying lots of currency
or a book snuck out of the library without getting
*lots* of abuse from business travellers.
Once we've had our National Health ID Smart Cards
upgraded to non-privte digicash, maybe they'll think
about adding transponders...
About 5 years ago, the government put a "luxury tax" on boats;
you had to get a registration sticker for any size  boat that
a rational individual might use to get in/out of the country.
My immediate reaction was that it was for identifying
who might be escaping or smuggling drugs or illegal immigrants.
The tax was small, maybe $25, but they could ding you
for not having the sticker on your boat.  There was some
effort by boaters to get rid of it, but I think it's
still there.  ("Rational individual", above, doesn't count
people immigrating from Cuba on windsurfers :-)

@_date: 1994-03-13 00:00:27
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: "ordinary public" 
Well, they're a subset of the ordinary public that both reads and
has some interest in news issues, but that's a reasonably good start.
The folks who only watch TV are a bit different audience,
and the folks who don't care about news are less likely to vote...

@_date: 1994-03-13 00:29:14
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Voice encryption 
The problem with secure voice systems isn't doing the encryption,
which is relatively easy; it's designing a voice compression system
that's cheap enough and fast enough to work with the class of modems
you're willing to use.  28.8 kbps modems are now available, using the
Rockwell V.FC stuff until V.FAST gets stablized, but there are concerns
about whether they'll perform well over international circuits,
which are obviously one of the prime markets for secure voice.
If you're willing to standardize on thise, you can get by with a number
of cheap voice-compression algorithms at 16-24 kbps, but standardization
really is somewhat important, as is cost for the consumer market.
One of the speakers at today's BayArea cypherpunks meetings was
talking about a prototype secure voice phone he's building,
with a target price under $1000 for a bump-in-the-cord design.
He had an alpha-quality board with him, blue wires and all,
and was working on refining the design.  Reasonably common DSP parts,
Rockwell modem chip.  One difficulty of the bump-in-the-cord design
is you've got to include phone interfce circuitry, and deal with questions
of whether to provide ringing voltage to the phone (90V has safety
issues as well as circuit cost) or just provide a cheap speaker ringer.
He was looking at Diffie-Hellman for key exchange for simplicity,
(which you can afford to license if you're doing a reasonable-sized run
of phones, though he hadn't negotiated prices.)  The user interface
was nice and simple - 3 LEDs and a "GO Secure" button, and the phone
was designed to let you answer and originate calls in either secure or
aalog-non-secure modes (maybe also digital-non-secure?) for convenience.
Phil Zimmerman is working on a voice-PGP, but I don't know what he's
doign in any detail.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-03-13 00:53:35
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: brainstorming on cpunks' eve 
Matt Thomlinson posted some interesting ideas.
For crypto use that's not very helpful - if the numbers go across the net,
other people can see them.  But they may be somewhat helpful as seed
material for your own random number generator, along with hashes of
your memory, random Ethernet traffic, etc.
A slightly different application is for tax purposes -
you may have a machine that needs to be used for business over 50%
to make it a business asset rather than a personal one, and the
amount of depreciation you can deduct is proportional to the
business usage.  Even if you can't make a *lot* of money
selling random numbers and big primes or attempting to crack
other people's keys for a small fee, it *can* be business,
and certainly should keep the CPU depreciating rapidly at night....
There's certainly a need for such services.  You have to be careful
to avoid stepping on Bellcore's work, since I think it's patented,
but related services may be practical and profitable.
You have to decide how much you're willing to trust the timestamp
that the service generated, as you would for a human notary.
With a digital notary, there's a risk someone could hose the clock
on the notary's machine, get something notarized, and reset the clock,
so even if the notary's being perfectly honest it's not risk-free.

@_date: 1994-03-13 19:21:20
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Question about the Clipper Chip 
No, it's strictly digital; any analog circuitry is the responsibility
of the equipment designer, as are details like key exchange.
I assume the motivation for "voice only" are issues like
- Makes Clipper easier to get away with politically
- Avoids stepping on the toes of data standards processes
- Avoids any federal rules about how to make data standards
- Data standards are tougher, since the cyphertext is bigger than
  the plaintext by the length of the Law Enforcement Abuse Field;
  for voice this mainly means it takes a bit longer to start up.
It's still possible to leak data - the LEAF includes a checksum field,
which could easily be leaking part of the key if they wanted it to.
Leaking the chip's master key in 8 pieces would still leave enough
real checksum bits to make sure you were using a real clipper.

@_date: 1994-03-13 19:46:50
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: voice encryption 
The big problem with ISDN is still getting connectivity to the
people you want to talk to and getting service at reasonable prices
(prices vary widely depending on your phone monopoly's interactions
with the regulatory bureaucracy, and/or your distance from
long-distance service providers if you want PRI connections.)
Do you know if the TI DSP is user-programmable, or if it's just
performing most of the ISDN functions?
The difficulty with COM1 interfaces, when you're using DOS,
is that DOS basically gives you a single character per interrupt,
which means a system doing 8000 char/second on COM1 is taking a *lot* of interrupts.  There are generally other interfaces that
let you handle more characters at once, but they're not transparent
to software that's expecting simple COM1, and they're often
vendor-specific.  (The FOSSIL drivers for 16550 UARTs are addressing
the same problem; maybe somebody's got FOSSIL support for ISDN?)
On the other hand, if you're doing software to support voice over ISDN,
it's probably worth doing some board-specific hacking, especially if
you're going to use the on-board DSP anyway.

@_date: 1994-03-14 22:50:54
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Hey... 
Any reasonable information-escrow agent *would* take reasonable precautions
against disasters like fires, floods, power problems, etc., and the fact
that what the government agencies are doing with the wiretap keys
isn't escrow, just storage, doesn't change that.  Doesn't require any
lying, because that's proper care of information and thet'd be criticized
very stongly for failing to do so.
On the other hand, if there's a mysterious narco-terrorist fire and they
*claim* that all the copies were burned up, the little shreds of belief
that get past my normal skepticism will have no chance at all.....

@_date: 1994-03-16 17:22:54
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: digital cash 
And if it hadn't been him, it could have been me.
Watch whenever I'm buying or selling precious metals or stocks,
and do the opposite, and you should be able to out-perform
the market just fine :-)
Unfortunately, as they say, knowing Murphy's Law doesn't help either,
so I'm not able to use this strategy effectively.......

@_date: 1994-03-17 16:07:01
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Getting EFF to sign their postings 
Mike says (paraphrased)
1> Signing isn't enough, since many people post stuff without checking
(true, but it's *more* checkable that way, especially for the people
who post verbatim rather than abstracting.)
2> PGP is too hard to use
No accounting for taste, I suppose :-)
3) We're a Mac shop
ViaCrypt *can* run on top of SoftPC.  It's not blazingly fast,
and certainly increases the hard-to-use factor, but it's doable.
And you generally convert your postings into ASCII to post anyway -
is your mail system also a Mac?  (Probably a Sun, I suppose,
but ViaCrypt is available for some Unix platforms now.)

@_date: 1994-03-18 14:36:39
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: CLIPPER COMPROMIZED!!!! :-) 
There's been a report going around linking Aldrich Ames to Clipper.
Back when I read alt.folklore.urban a lot, I'd see stories like that.
My guess about the origin of this report is that it evolved like this:
- Somebody on talk.politics.crypto posts a comment like
- Somebody else reads that and says
- Somebody else reads that and says
which somebody in the press hears somebody say to somebody else, and
it turns into a report like:
which must *obviously* be true because it came off the *wire services*...
Probably Aldrich Ames didn't have any contact with the people in the
NSA doing Clipper or the FBI people doing Digital Telephony Prevention.

@_date: 1994-03-18 19:02:01
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Getting EFF to sign their postings 
No.  ViaCrypt uses a licensed version of RSA code.
Regular PGP doesn't.  When the ViaCrypt port to Macs comes out,
you'll be able to use that, though.
Now, if you mean "Can you use it without getting caught,
as long as you remember to change the Version number in your PGP and recompile?" - probably.  But that's not EFF's objective :-)
[approach deleted...]
Sounds doable.  I'd hate to have to count how many hacks like
that I've built over the years :-)

@_date: 1994-03-18 20:34:14
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: EFF gun-shy of legally employing PGP 
Anonymous is alleged to have said:
No, you can't use the DSS.  The reason NIST was getting into confusion
about whether they have to give it to PKP is that PKP says that it
infringes on Schnorr's patent, which they recently bought up;
assuming that's true technically (I haven't looked in a while),
this means you need a license from PKP to use DSS.
Unlike RSA, which the government has some rights to use because
it partially funded their work, even the government doesn't
have rights over Schnorr's work, since they didn't fund it,
so the NIST is in deeper yogurt with DSS than with RSa signatures.
You can still use DSS for research and the usual things you can use
patents for without a license, but you can do the same with PGP.
RIPEM can be used free non-commercially in the US+Canada under the
RSAREF license terms, and RIPEM-SIG can even be exported.
(Now all we need to do is find a way to get RIPEM-SIG to do
key exchange and message encryption as well as signatures and patch it into PGP :-)  (presumed not possible...)

@_date: 1994-03-20 20:52:11
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: A Certain Monk at a certain village in Hanoi 
BTW, does anybody have a good Tibetan font for X?
I've got an application that involves counting up to about 9 billion,
and needs some appropriate display technology....

@_date: 1994-03-22 23:46:39
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Where to find RIPEM/SIG (an exportable version of RIPEM) 
A slightly older version of ripem can also be found on rsa.com,
with much less complicated access (you read a readme file which
tells you the rules, and tells you to cd to a random-named directory);
you don't need to get an account there or sign anything.
It's also got RSAREF, of course, and does have the latest version of that.
I assume they'll get current RIPEM there soon, and maybe RIPEM-SIG.

@_date: 1994-03-23 00:03:15
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: CLIPPER CHIP ON LIMBAUGH 
Limbaugh does occasionally think rather than just knee-jerking,
though he does claim to broadcast with half his brain tied behind his back :-)
He's not so much anti-statist overall as he is anti-Liberal;
on positions where the rightwing is statist and the left is non-statist,
he seems to run about 50-50.  He's distinctly pro-military,
and generally pro-police, so having him come out against Clipper is
not a given (and would be less likely to have happened if Bush
had still been President when it was announced...)
But it's good that he's against it; having a bunch of dittoheads
sending mail to the whitehouse telling them to drop this nonsense
can't hurt.

@_date: 1994-03-26 00:27:33
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: DIGICASH:Re: observer chips 
Well, the government pretends they can do a tamper-proof chip,
complete with wiretap keys installed by the wizards behind the curtain,
for $36.  That's $26 for the chip in qty 10,000, plus a subsidized $10 for
tapping service and key installation.  I thought Mykotronx's press releases had sounded more like they wanted $36 themselves, and I don't know the
price for VLSI Inc's tamper-proof technology, but it may not be far off.
As far as interfaces go, PCMCIA are nice, but there's not much data to
transfer in most digicash exchanges, so a dumb cheap serial interface
may be more realistic, since everything supports it.

@_date: 1994-03-27 02:06:26
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Where is PGP 2.4? 
There are several PGP 2.4's around.  The ViaCrypt commercial version
calls itself 2.4, and if I'm not mixing it up with something else,
the SGI internal-use version (which uses a licensed RSA) also calls itself 2.4.

@_date: 1994-03-28 11:37:57
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Ames/clipper compromised? 
Key generation is one of the obvious backdoors; the wrinkle of making the
random number space from the keymasters small enough to search is interesting,
especially because they only need one key per batch to validate whether they've got the right guess.
My original reaction to the version described by Dorothy Denning
was that it wouldn't be very hard to *steal* the key-generating keys the keymasters bring to the key-generation charade in the vault, either physically or by leaking them out in generated keys or something.
Now that they've announced they're changing the script for the charade,
who knows how easy it will be?  They've certainly announced no plans for
validation of the key-generation software design or implementation.
No, that's a different argument; it's (name forgotten) vs Kaliski,
where the proposed method turns out to take as much work as factoring and
therefore doesn't rate as a backdoor.

@_date: 1994-03-29 11:44:53
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: cfp '94 transcript 
The response is incorrect; I'll leave moral judgements about whether
the constitutes deliberate lying or mere confusion to others :-)
Specifically, the Clipper Chip does *not* use the escrow keys -
it uses its device unique key, which can be derived from them.
It *could* have been designed to use the escrow keys to do the
device-unique-key generation internally, or even to do *two* separate
encryption rounds in LEAF creation so there isn't just one key, but nooo.
Decryption of LEAF also does not use the escrow keys, it uses
the device unique key as well.  The Black Box For Cops may very well
use the escrow keys to derive the device unique key,
but anybody who has access to the Skipjack and LEAF algorithms
and Family Key and the device unique key can do the decryption,
and you can probably feed the Black Box For Cops the device-unique key
and 000000..00 instead of the escrowed key-parts.  (They'd have to
do some *really* special checking otherwise.)
So how do you get the device unique key without using the escrow keys?
- Maybe you can FOIA it
- Maybe the Key Generation Bureau can steal it during manufacturing
- Maybe the Key Generation Bureau can just *take* it during manufacturing,
- Maybe the Key Generation Bureau can steal the two half-keys before
- Maybe the Key Generation Bureau can re-generate the keys,
- Maybe the Black Box For Cops lets you extract the data from it,
- Maybe authorized government employees can obtain the keys for
- Maybe the rules for access to government-used Clipper-chip keys
"Wiretap the usual suspects!"
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-03-30 17:35:38
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: The Focus on Clipper Details Plays into Their Hands 
[....]
Technical discussion (aside from being fun :-) is useful in understanding
*what* the government is really up to, how much privacy/freedom is being stolen, what things they're telling the truth or lying about,
and how much work it takes to break the systems they're proposing to
implement or ban.  It's also useful for understanding how to build
systems that *do* protect privacy, and for showing how those systems
are generally better technically than the privacy-stealing systems
the government wants us to use.  But as Jim pointed out, getting the
details wrong can lose us a lot of credibility.

@_date: 1994-03-30 17:41:12
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Another view of the CFP 
The proposed standards I've seen on the net say you can't encrypt
*after* using Clipper, because that makes Clipper key-theft useless.
On the other hand, encryption with real systems before encrypting with
Clipper is undetectable until after they decrypt the Clipper, so it's
hard to enforce except on people who are already suspects,
and is unlikely to be convenient to implement (for interoperability)
on some of the major Clipper targets, like cellphones and fax machines.
...... Wiretap the usual suspects!

@_date: 1994-03-30 17:56:35
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Very funny, Polyanna :-( [namespace pollution] 
PGP lets you choose which key to use when you care, and
doesn't care what's in the Name field; if you want to implement behavior
inside of that it will handle it transparently; e.g.
(though it would be nice if it had more Unix-like regexp code for selecting keys).
Policy isn't really the cryptosystem's job; it's the application's.
The intent of keyservers is to have a convenient mechanism for finding keys when you want them.  Having specific keyservers keep track of
specific bunches of keys is a reasonable use of that convenience.
Maybe a bankers' association would run a keyserver to serve keys
for banks and (if appropriate) for customers, with the location
known by most of the common software, and maybe a remailer
operators' group would do the same for their remailer cooperative.
There are a lot of wys to use mechanisms...

@_date: 1994-03-31 20:06:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Collapse of the Wave Function Predicted, Timing Uncertain 
Wait - they're not including *caffeine* are they?  No way!
It's a Commie Plot to decaffeinate our Precious Bodily Fluids,
and down-right Un-American!  (Or un-Colombian, or un-something!)

@_date: 1994-03-31 20:20:23
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: the rest of the key 
The Key Generation Bureau plans which Dorothy Denning originally broadcast
(the NSA has since said they've changed, but not said what to)
worked somewhere along the lines of:
- the two keymaster agencies each bring some keying material to the vault.
- the NSA guy puts them into his laptop, and runs a bunch of calculations like

@_date: 1994-05-03 09:30:25
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
Double spending is one of the main problems digicash systems try to solve,
since digicash can obviously be copied easily.  Online systems make
the double-spending relatively easy to prevent, but, besides inconveniences,
the online transaction has a transaction cost that may make the system
unusable (e.g. a 5 cent telephone message unit costs too much for a newspaper,
though it may be fine for paying for contraband tobacco at $5/pack.)
There are two main approaches to off-line systems that I've seen:
- making the hardware expensive or contractually limited (e.g. subway
farecards, phone cards, postage meters) (It's intellectually unexciting,
but works fine economically for small transactions.)
- using tamperproof trusted hardware that embeds enough information about
its identity in each digicoin that double-spending reveals the identity,
or multiple spending reveals the identity with increasing probability.
Much of this work has been done by Chaum's folks in the Netherlands,
using "observer" smartcards; somebody posted a paper about it on sci.crypt
recently.  It's harder to use these approaches for applications like
emailing credit card numbers, but they're ok for tollbooths.  I worry somewhat about the privacy issues - in order for revealing a cheating userid
to be effective, either the bank needs to have a registry of who the user is,
which is a privacy problem for people who really want anonymous money,
or else there needs to be some system for distributing bad userids,
analagous to the inconvenient books of bad credit-card numbers that
small shops used to use before phone verification became widespread.
(Obviously they'd be digital, but I'd rather not have to carry a CDROM
drive or gigabyte hard disk in my wallet...

@_date: 1994-05-03 09:37:31
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Virtual Cash 
The two common models are either to denominate private currency in some convertable currency, like dollars or rubles (useful for providers
of financial services trying to add digicash to their services),
or for a service provider to denominate digicash in some unit of their
service, e.g. subway trips, road tolls, phone calls, email shuffles.
The latter approach is easier to bootstrap (the service provider
can just do it, there's no problem with learning banking laws, etc.),
but it's less convertible unless lots of people want the service,
so it tends to be localized use.

@_date: 1994-05-04 09:47:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Giving Value to Digital Cash 
Fiat money works because people can get other people to accept it,
though guns are a popular way of making that happen. Most major economies use it because it's a good deal for guys with guns.
You don't have to pay taxes in fiat money in the US; they'll accept
real gold or silver money if you want to use it instead of the cheap paper.
It's still legal _payment_ for debts, as opposed to mere tender like greenbacks.  But bad money does drive out good, so people spend fiat money.
Green stamps were fiat money, but somewhat useful once.
US postage stamps are fiat money, and they do use guns to prevent
other people from offering competing mail service, but people will
often accept them as money for small purchases; it used to be a popular way
of sending small payments by mail before checking accounts became
nearly universal.

@_date: 1994-05-05 09:36:09
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Keyserver service outage 
Not true.  The problem is copyright, which is honored by Berne Convention
signers even if they don't have software patents or patent-after-publishing
rules like the US.  This includes Europe, the U.S., and many other places.
ViaCrypt 2.4 is copyrighted by ViaCrypt, and RSAREF is copyrighted by RSA,
so you won't be able to use 2.5 source outside the US either; not sure about
There's an easy cure for this, though - if some non-North-American wants to
write an RSAREF-compatible software package in C and distribute it as freeware,
then it can be used in non-US versions of things that require RSAREF.
An interesting question is whether PGP 2.5 will include any restrictions
on the non-RSAREF portions of the source code, like not talking to earlier
PGPs, or the RSAREF interface glue not being exportable or whatever.
But we'll see real soon.

@_date: 1994-05-05 09:42:10
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Lobbying/Politics/etc. 
It wouldn't be that hard to get rid of lots of it, as long as they
made exceptions to let the big corporate customers stay happy (e.g. banks).
The key would be using the civil forfeiture abuse to let them confiscate
computers that *appear* to be using illegal crypto; you can hire a lawyer
to help you get your box back if they suspect it's got UnAmerican Software.
Your goverment crypto license  will let you use Clipper if you obey the rules;
just think of it as your driver's license on the information superhighway....
The Feds could enforce the 55mph speed limits better if they used confiscation as well.
Drowning in bad metaphors, ....   Bill

@_date: 1994-05-07 01:45:37
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Nalbandian's email address 
Jim Nalbandian, who's recently been posting to cypherpunks,
has a signature line that contains a couple of *severely* non-portable addresses; I have no way to tell whether my email to him worked
on the netcomish address.  Don't know about his spelling errors,
but his addressing errors distinctly *are* international....
I  got an interesting bouncegram from Namibia when I tried using the N7SZS at K7BUC.AZ.US.NA address - it's some sort of Amateur packet radio address, which has a syntax similar to Internet addresses but
rips off the .na namespace (I thought I hadn't seen it before,
but I don't keep up with the .US domain, so I tried it, along with
K7BUC at AZ.US skipping the .na).  I've attacked the bouncegram below.
Could one of the administrators at Netcom please help him put a useable return address in his .signature?

@_date: 1994-05-14 01:02:35
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Is anyone archiving the list, for those who miss during the interruption? 
Well, I got bumped off the list like everyone else, and I assume there
will be some useful discussion going on between now and when the mail gods
reinstate me, on topics like PGP 2.5 and how the list was hosed.
Is anybody saving these somewhere that I could ftp or otherwise retrieve?
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-05-20 20:19:21
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: FAQ: Where to get PGP latest version 
Mike Johnson's list of where to get PGP has teh following:
The export situation is far better than that, actually.
There used to be *two* reasons you couldn't export RSAREF.
One was that the U.S. Government threatens people who do export crypto,
though they have to catch you to enforce it.
The other was that the RSAREF license documents said you couldn't
export it or use it outside the US/Canada, which means you'd be violating
their copyright if you used it in, say, Europe, where US copyrights
are enforceable.
The current RSAREF license, however, does not forbid export or use
outside the US/Canada - it only says that it ay be subject to
export laws and recommends consulting a lawyer if you want to export it.
This means that, if a copy were to find its way out of the US,
it would be perfectly legal to use it within the other terms of the
license, which would make it possible to do things like, say,
compile it along with a PGP-2.5-bones library.
(The alternative approach would be to get someone to rewrite it
from scratch outside the US, and make sure it was a good clone.)
While I don't have enough lawyers, guns, and money to go exporting it
myself, I must say I'd be *shocked* to find it appearing on,
say, ftp.funet.fi in the near future :-)

@_date: 1994-05-20 21:51:11
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: D-H key exchange - how does it work? 
Eric Hughes, replying to somebody, says:
For basic PGP mail, there's no need to change keys that often.
There are other applications, though, that tend to want new keypairs on each transaction, and looking for strong primes would make them
much more annoying, if strong primes matter with the current factoring

@_date: 1994-05-22 23:45:09
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: PGP2.5 pulled and PGP2.6 coming.... 
Yeah, it was pretty weird (they also posted it to sci.crypt and *.pgp.)
If you need a copy, it's available on ftp.eff.org and probably half a dozen
other sites that grabbed it before they announced they were pulling it.
I couldn't tell if they did it this was because they'd had a misunderstanding
about what RSA would really let them get away with and got burned,
or if they did it on purpose either to give RSA a way to save face on PGP
while preserving deniability or to give RSA partial control over "PGP",
since competing with RIPEM wasn't doing the job.
But it's nice to have available out either way.  If anybody's got connections
with the PGP 2.6 development folks, it would be *very* nice if they can
make PGP 2.6 be more Stealthy, since it's going to be incompatible with
the previous versions anyway.

@_date: 1994-05-26 00:35:31
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: PGP 2.6 is dangerous in the long term ? 
There are three different problems here:
- Doing secure programs without the RSAREF implementation of RSA;
  this has US patent license difficulties unless you buy their stuff.
- Doing secure programs without the RSA algorithm - other public-key
  methods are available, such as Diffie-Hellman, though RSA has
  a lot of technical advantages for many applications.
  PKP/RSADSI own patents that expire in 1997 that they claim cover
  the whole field of public-key crypto, and nobody's challenged the
  breadth of those claims in court.
- Doing secure programs without public-key algorithms at all -
  you *can* use secret-key algorithms to do security, as long as you're   willing to do key distribution by some usable but inconvenient method,
  and security systems like Kerberos can do this.  But Public-Key   variants solve a lot of the technical difficulties and make   implementations much easier.

@_date: 1994-05-26 00:45:03
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: SUE - the legal morass (fwd) 
Yes, but the key diddn't have enough bits to protect it for
more than 50 million years under attack by the Feds :-)

@_date: 1994-05-27 00:49:20
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: dispersed DES 
One way to get the bytes, which involves passing the data through your
system in several batches rather than once-through, is to take the
last 4 bytes of the message and move them to the beginning, or vice versa.
This avoids lengthening your message by a block each time (and avoids
the need for high-quality random padding at the end), and the bytes
are unlikely to be lower in randomness than the original plaintext,
since they'll have been passed through DES once already.
On the other hand, assuming you're using CBC, this means you either have
to do _lots_ of extra bookkeeping, or else do the second and third
encryptions on the CBC'd text rather than the original text,
which Biham or Shamir showed was weaker.
My intuitive feel about it is that it gains some strength because the
4-byte (half-block) offset introduces mixing between the blocks of data,
and mixing is generally a Good Thing in cryptosystems.  On the other hand, CBC also introduces mixing between blocks as well,
and is far better studied, and doing stuff experts have studied is also
a Good Thing.  The mixing done by the 4-byte offset is all local;
the data in a given block of input propagates at most two more blocks,
while the mixing done by CBC allows each block to affect all blocks
farther along in the message.  There are also a variety of other ways
to mix data between blocks, including Terry Ritter's various DES-packagings
and some of the other block extension techniques discussed in Schneier.
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com billstewart at attmail.com
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465

@_date: 1994-05-27 00:52:41
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: My 2.3a Key is listed as a 2.6 (Aaargh!) 
Eric Hughes writes, regarding the issues of keyserver incompatibility:
Well, if having your key on a keyserver encourages people to send you messages you can't decrypt instead of looking for other keyservers
which have more useful keys for you, it's a waste of your time
and your correspondents' to have that key out there.
It's also, of course, a way to complain to people who run incompatible
keyservers :-)

@_date: 1994-05-31 23:04:39
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com_1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Privacy at Dunkin Donuts 
Hey, all this time we've been worrying about cops spying on people.
Now _we've_ got a way to listen to _them_ :-)

@_date: 1994-05-31 23:50:47
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com_1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Cypherpunks' Electronic Book 3 
============================== START ==============================
Well, you've got an opportunity for a Learning Experience, then :-)
Assuming you've got access to a Unix machine you can run things on,
it's not hard to set up procmail or majordomo or the old, simple, reliable
netlib stuff that ran the netlib at research.att.com (and maybe still does?).
Since you're posting from MIZZOU1, you're at least behind a mail server
run by somebody else, so I'm not sure how much control you have.....
If you want to roll your own crude mail-reply system on Unix, it's
really not hard, using some simple shell programming and the
sed batch editor equivalent to "ed" and the : commands of vi -
when you receive a mail message, you stick it in a file,
then use sed or whatever to find the "From:" line so you know
who to send it back to, and lines that look like your command set
(e.g. "get foo"), stickthe appropriate stuff into a mail message
and send it back.
If you want to do all this on DOS, well, good luck :-)  Look at teh
tools you've got available for handling mail, and get yourself a copy off Eudora or Waffle if you don't have either of them.
Then you're on your own.

@_date: 1994-11-18 16:20:52
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Cash 
Hasn't really provided it for quite a while, as long as there's an infrastructure to track serial numbers (you've presumably noticed that each bill a unique serial number, except for counterfeits and maybe
printing glitches.)  It's quite possible to record the serial numbers of
bills before distributing them in applications such as ransom payments
or drug-buying stings, and wouldn't be too hard, with current scanning
technology, to track them at banks, tax offices, etc.
(Of course, neither AT&T GIS (aka NCR) nor Diebold currently makes
ATMs with serial-number scanners in them, but it wouldn't be hard
to require banks to scan the bills before filling the cash machines.)
During one of the "Government's going to replace our Real American
Greenbacks with Pink(o) Money" scares before the plastic-strip money
arrived, USA Today had an article in their money section showing
dollar bills with bar-codes instead of the Arabic-numeral serial number.

@_date: 1994-11-18 16:25:55
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Online Fraud Case Settled 
According to a story on the radio, the "Online Fraud" that Chase Consulting
is accused of advertising ($99 credit repair) was really a kit for obtaining
a new identity.  Certainly wouldn't want to have folks selling *those*......
(Though I'd certainly object if somebody charged me money for telling me
that a way around my credit problems was to change my name, unless that's the kind of thing I really *wanted* to do.)

@_date: 1994-11-18 16:35:24
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: S-HTTP 
There are a number of times when you might want to do this,
such as delivering an information product as well as paying for it
(e.g. a new software release, shipped encrypted to avoid eavesdroppers
pirating it for free), or information you want conveniently accessible
on the web but only to approved people (e.g. your political campaign's
strategy material or your corporate information made available to your
sales group who are often out at customer sites instead of behind your firewall), or your corporate complaints web-form (enter your problem in the
box below; please type legibly), or of course your politically-incorrect-
substance ordering system, which should provide anonymity as well as
payment and ordering, (which may be beyond the complexity of S-HTTP.)

@_date: 1994-11-18 16:39:13
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: anon ftp/mail 
Some of them do, some of them don't, at least for anon-ftp.  I have accounts
behind two different kinds of firewalls - the accounts behind router-based
firewalls have difficulty with the FTP servers that authenticate using
RFC931 or DNS, since the firewall blocks them, while the accounts behind
the AT&T Firewall (ref. Cheswick and Bellovin) need to use proxy ftp clients,
but don't have trouble accessing the servers, which think (incorrectly)
that the requests are coming from the outside part of the firewall.

@_date: 1994-11-21 17:34:28
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Admiral Inman 
Not really - Digital Telephony goes after the phone companies,
not the end users, which makes it easier for the government to impose.
Among other people it *is* going after are cellphone companies which are getting a lot of pressure to include encryption on their radio links
(some people are pressuring them to use *real* encryption, the NSA has
been pressuring them to use at most wimpy encryption, and some people have
been pressuring them to put in _anything_, even rot-13, just so there's
_some_ vague privacy protection out there.)
It's also, of course, going after carriers who have the _gall_ to use more powerful telephone systems than the FBI can afford to crack :-)
Now, VoicePGP may be the next step in banning things - after all,
they could declare use of cryptography to be Probable Cause that you're conspiring about something, which would let them confiscate your
computer equipment and make you sue to get it back.

@_date: 1994-11-22 18:41:46
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: A Chance Encounter with Brad Templeton, of ClariNet 
Adam Shostack writes, incorrectly (:-)) :
[ Economic and political descriptions and predictions deleted. ]
Brad's really in the information collection, sorting, and distribution business, which relies primarily on contractual agreements rather than copyright.  The newswire services, like AP and Reuters, sell their news
stories to newspapers, who print them on paper, and don't redistribute
the raw feeds to other places mainly for contractual reasons; otherwise
the AP and Reuters would sell them news service.  Sure, copyright laws
reduce the number of newspaper readers who cut the stories out and
sell them to newspapers themselves, but those cutout stories are
something far worse than copyright violations - they're Yesterday's News,
and hence not worth much.
In Brad's business, he buys the wire service reports and sells them to *his* customers, who also agree not to redistribute them without paying
Brad and/or the wireservices their fees.  Anybody who rips off one
of his stories is either violating a contract with Brad, or perhaps
with his/her network provider, assuming the network provider has
done a proper job of contracting about such items.  Unlike newspaper
stories, however, stolen Clarinet stories are Five Minutes Ago's news,
which may still be worth something.
As far as the Marxist-drivel "middlemen are parasites" argument goes,
in old-style physical stuff businesses, you had workers who really made stuff,
bosses who decided what stuff to buy and bought the raw materials,
money-lenders who loaned money to bosses (*with varying splits of the risk),
distributors and salesmen who helped stuff-users and stuff-makers get together,
and truckers who brought the stuff to the users.  NONE of them are inherently
parasitic, and markets find ways to avoid paying for parasites because
they cost more money than the "services" they may provide - the main
parasites in those businesses were the folks who got their cut by threatening
to use violence against people who didn't pay them - like tax-collectors
and Mafiosi and some of the union folks (not most of them, most years.)
In the information business, many of the same people are around,
in similar functions.  You've got information-generating workers,
bosses, venture capitalists, salesdroids, distributors, internet-providers,
and the like.  The differences are fuzzier - sorting through information
to find *interesting* information is somewhat like generation and somewhat
like distribution.  I tend to agree with Adam's dislike of "intellectual property", since having a copy of a piece of information doesn't deprive
the original holder of his/her copy, and if it's an invalid concept,
than some use of intellectual property laws (and the government force
threat behind them) can be parasitic and abusive - but on the other hand,
the so-called "parasites" are usually the information-generating workers
themselves or folks who've paid those workers money in return for the privilege of exploiting their work - so be careful who you insult!
In the music industry, the reason modern artists have much less need for
the producers and distributors and moneylenders isn't because all those people
are unnecessary parasites - they were there because they were providing useful
services for the artists and/or consumers.  The change is because technology
has altered the economics of production and distribution, and the services
that they used to provide, which were critical at the time, are less useful
now because we have other ways to get similar functions done at lower cost.

@_date: 1994-11-23 12:04:41
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: (Fwd)      news spoke 
This is the infamous "CERT Monitoring Warning Meme".  Essentially,
it doesn't mean that your administrators *are* going to monitor you,
it just means that you've been warned, so it's not illegal under
ECPA to do it if they feel like, because you consented by using the system
knowing it was one of the terms for use.  Unfortunately, there's no
very good way to implement "Authorized users will not be monitored but unauthorized users cracking in will be", which is the real intent
of most people putting up the warning - any system which could implement
that could have kept the crackers off in the first place....

@_date: 1994-11-28 19:12:13
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: How to disable telnet to port 25 
You don't have to go quite that far (almost, but not quite :-)
You can do things like only accept your incoming mail via uucp,
which has a whole different set of holes and limitations,
but which is supported by a number of the major network suppliers.
If you're on dialup access anyway, uucp is fine.
If you've got a real IP feed, uucp-over-tcp has slightly more
authentication than smtp, and can turn off anonymous access,
but that basically means you're transferring your trust to your
MX forwarder's security system, which presumably still speaks port 25.

@_date: 1994-11-29 20:54:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Sign-or-delay 
Eric Hughes writes
Well, it's easy to require people to include PGP signatures.
However, for some people, it's difficult to do signatures in a
secure and also convenient fashion across a mix of mailers;
Tim's netcom+Mac example, or anyone using an insecure system.
My laptop where I get my work-related mail really can't handle
the volume of mail I get from cypherpunks; I'm using it as a
terminal to talk to a netblazer to telnet to a Sun where I still
have an account several gateways away, on which I haven't been
root for over a year...  Sure, I forward some of the interesting
mail to the not-very-diskful laptop, and could wait for it to arrive
and PGP-sign my replies, which will delay my articles anyway.
On the other hand, if I sign them here, half of AT&T could probably
grab the passphrase with a sniffer, so it's not something I'd
trust my real keys to.  Similarly, I wouldn't put real keys on netcom or other mass service provider.
On the other hand, how carefully were you planning to make your
system check signatures - does toad.com have the spare cycles
to validate them all, or are you really going for syntax only?

@_date: 1995-02-03 15:16:13
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: VoicePGP cracked in 10 minutes?... 
Cracking VoicePGP is easy, since it's still a bones version without
the encryption installed yet - anybody who can figure out where
to get the software should be able to do it.  Might take more than
10 minutes to do that :-)
However, the rumor mostly sounded like a pro-active version of the
"NSA cracked PGP" version of the FBI Modem Tax on Religious Broadcasting
put out by Madeline Murray O'Shergold.

@_date: 1995-02-03 15:24:04
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Is the remailer crisis over? 
The "remailers are broken" crisis may be over, but until there
are a lot of remailers in service, and 14 isn't a lot,
with a lot of traffic on them, remailers won't be a very effective
security tool.  If the Bad Guys wanted to watch all 14 remailers,
it'd probably not be hard to figure out which messages came from
which senders, just because there aren't enough for real tracking.
If the Bad Guys decided to confiscate 14 remailers, they could do it.
If your machine got busted or sued for sending an anonymous message somebody
didn't like, and you contended that you're a remailer and there was
no way to prove it originated on your machine, "they" could respond that
you're not one of the 14 well-known remailers and if you were "they"
would have been watching you because they watch every machine that
talks to the well-known remailers, and you're not one of them.
As the folks in the nuclear-war planning business say, fewer than
100 of anything isn't reliable.

@_date: 1995-02-03 19:58:31
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: commercial authecation 
Keith Henson asked how to find the digital-time-stamp folks,
Surety Technologies Inc., started by Stuart Haber and Scott Stornetta as a spinoff of Bellcore.
They're now actively in business - there was an article in one of the trade rags that you can get their signature kit for PCs for
something like $50 with tokens for 50 notarizations.
Details on their web page.
email: info at surety.com  www:   - with lots of little graphic icons :-(
ftp: surety.com

@_date: 1995-02-05 23:44:10
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Creating commercial acceptability for remailers? 
How can we convince _lots_ of people to run remailers,
assuming it can be made technically painless?
How can we spread remailer-operations beyond the cypherpunks and
fellow travellers and the privacy/paranoia businesses like
tax reduction and pharmaceutical retailers?
Suppose you were in the "Get Connected To The Net" consulting business,
and you wanted to include a remailer in the outside-the-firewall
part of the mail handler - how would you get companies to accept it?
What kinds of other businesses could benefit from providing anonymous service?
Some ideas for non-mundane businesses -
- Shrinks-r-us or other on-line recovery groups, beyond the current
- Tax advice - one-shot anonymous returns so you can ask questions
- Anonymous tips (the D.A.R.E. hotline?)  Arrrgh.	
- Whistleblowers.com?  (Who'd trust whistleblowers.gov?)
- For one-way anonymity, perhaps MTV could run an "email from Beavis" server,
But what about mundane businesses?  I've seen suggestion boxes
operated with minimalist anonymization for internal use
(no attempt to obscure the time or prevent logging, just header-zapping.)
University ombudsman's offices could be a good approach,
and might help get around the occasional reactive sysadmins.
But that's inside the firewall, though I suppose you could
use them for outgoing mail as well. Another use for inside-to-outside remailers is to preserve the privacy of
internal addresses, though that's more likely to need a service which replaces the originating headers with the real user's name, using some authentication to prevent forged email from the company president, etc.
Any suggestions on getting companies to accept outside-to-outside-capable
remailers on their gateways, or outside-to-inside?

@_date: 1995-02-13 12:46:28
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: standards... 
There are different uses for public-key systems, and some systems
support some but not all of the uses.  For instance,
Diffie-Hellman is useful for key exchage (and patented till 1997),
and the NIST/NSA's DSS Digital Signature Standard is useful for signatures,
especially if you like subliminal channels in your signatures :-), though the patent status depends on whether you believe NIST or RSA ....

@_date: 1995-02-13 13:14:18
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: perry@imsi.comRe: Does PGP scale well? 
Of course, that's more useful for MIT, which owns Network 18,
than for the thousands of people on networks 192.xxx.xxx;
reverse lookups don't seem as reliable for Class C.
On the site I run, I implement reverse lookups for my subnet,
and the folks who run our larger internal net have pointers that know how to find it.  But DNS would work for forward lookups
even if the reverse weren't maintained, or deliberately omitted some parts for security/predictability reasons.

@_date: 1995-02-13 13:54:28
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: TEMPEST Paper by Former Civilian (1/2) 
Sigh.  Some anonymous poster drags up "Christopher Seline"'s
wildly inaccurate article about TEMPEST.  Aside from having a reverse-
engineered deacronymization of TEMPEST (which isn't an acronym and
isn't about Transient Electromagnetic Pulses), misunderstanding TEMPEST certification, not getting its legalities right,
it's in general just plain confused and sensationalist.

@_date: 1995-02-13 13:59:56
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: bill alert... 
[ obscene government threats CENSORED ]
Well, a good start would be to use an encrypted filesystem for any
server that you're allowing the general public on, and to support
encryption on any remailers you might run...

@_date: 1995-02-13 18:53:11
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: CDT POLICY POST No.2 -- X9 TO DEVELOP TRIPLE-DES STANDARDS 
There's already some extra slack in the law and the official policy
for exporting encryption for use in banking; the NSA could get around it
by asking the banking regulators to impose some sort of Key Forfeiture nonsense,
which wouldn't lose much privacy since most banks are already
pretty cooperative about such things.
On the other hand, banks are rich enough to hire some off-shore programmer to write triple-DES implementations, given the current protocols,
as well as to lobby CONgress or the administration to keep the NSA in line.

@_date: 1995-02-13 19:09:06
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: What *is* the power of the FIPS 
The basic purpose of a FIPS is to instruct governemnt agencies
on what kinds of equipment/software they should buy.
Some FIPSs are mandatory, but most are pretty optional.
However, in this case, the purpose is basically propaganda -
the NIST can set standards, and can announce "Hey, this is standard",
and even try to get other government agencies to buy lots and
lots of Clipperphones.
The so-called FIPS for Clipper was a horrendous abuse of the FIPS process;
I took advantage of my 10 years as a defense contractor to flame out the
proposed spec in great detail.  I don't think I've still got my critique,
but essentially I contended than the proposed "Escrowed Encryption Standard"
didn't describe escrow, didn't specify encryption, and wasn't a standard....
It was fun, if you can do that sort of thing and not inhale :-)
It wasn't escrow, because the functions it describes aren't escrow,
and it doesn't mandate that they be used in a way that performs
escrow functions using the functions it does perform.
It didn't specify an encryption algorithm.
It wasn't an implementable standard, since it didn't contain enough
information for a user agency to specify an equipment design ("ask the NSA" just _doesn't_ rate), or for a vendor to validate whether an equipment design
is compliant, or for a user to tell if it's working properly.
from the draft FIPS, it looks like most of the public comments were about
the political issues, but a couple of changes appeared to be responses to
technical details from the public, including things I'd flamed them about.
I don't know how positive I feel about that .....

@_date: 1995-02-13 19:42:42
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Distributed Key Service for PGP (was: why pgp sucks) 
Another main principle of PGP is that it _has_ to be able to work
in a decentralized fashion, so it's usable by
even if the most common uses are in the centralized wired real-world.
Perry and other write:
[ lots of things about the need for distributed scalable key servers ]
[ particularly the numeric-only IDs. ]
There are two main times you need to get PGP keys -
encrypting a message to someone, and validating a signature from someone.
The former can be distributed easily enough - use something DNS-like
to serve keys for joe_user at foo.bar.com, and add them to your local
keyring if they're not there (possibly with temporary keyrings,
if that's easy enough on PGP version N.) Fetching keys needs to be a separate tool from PGP anyway,
since PGP should be general enough to work on wired and unwired systems,
with different protocols and APIs for using the available networks.
(And of course, the fetched keys need to be validated using web_of_trust
or whatever, adding yet another step.)  Sounds like a job for a shell...
The latter problem is more difficult - partly PGP's fault, but partly because the underlying problem is harder.  Signed documents _may_
arrive from keyids not on the keyservers, whether they're from
non-wired users, users who wish to remain pseudonymous,
one-or-two-use keys, etc....  What PGP can be blamed for, which will
hopefully be addressed in version 3.x, is that it's possible to have
collisions in the abbreviated key_ids, especially for the optional
short key_ids that have been requested as an added feature for people
who _very strongly_ want to remain anonymous.
(There have already been collisions in the 24-bit key_ids,
and it's been shown that it's possible to generate arbitrary key_ids
if you _want_ to cause a collision, as well as birthday-problem probabilities of random collisions.)
One way to address it is to make it easy to loop through a bunch
of keys with the same key_id, which is a bit tough given PGP's current
MS-DOS-like interface.  Another way is out-of-band attachment of the
user_id with the message, followed by DNS-like lookup, or attachment of
the signature key with the message, accompanied by a lookup to validate it.
As Matt said, there's a lot of policy-vs-mechanism issues here;
PGP version 3.0 will have some library support that makes it
easier to build some of these things.

@_date: 1995-01-03 21:26:57
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Book review: Codebreakers, the Inside Story of Bletchley Park 
Another book with some insight into Bletchley Park is
"Cloak and Gown" (I forget the author), about the relationship between
Yale academics and the OSS, the WW2 predecessor to the CIA.
Among the various Yalies who went into the OSS was James Jesus Angleton,
who spent a lot of time at Bletchley analyzing information that might
be useful for US Army and covert OSS activities, and trying to support
counterintelligene work by correlating the information from intercepts
of German understanding of US and British plans with the Allied
sources and users of those plans, to try to find leaks, traitors,
moles, spies, and other types that counter-spook spooks worry about.
Besides the Enigma interceptions themselves, the big secret the OSS
and British intelligence were paranoid about protecting was that all the known German spies in Great Britain had been caught and turned for disinformation use (or killed); almost everything Germany
was getting from its spies was bogus.

@_date: 1995-01-03 22:53:32
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Anonymous payment scheme 
I thought the origination of this thread was a hypothetical proposal
to start a Cypherpunks Bank which would join Visa and issue debit cards;
they could be started for cash, under pseudonyms, and would expire
when they ran dry.  So you and your 10,000 closest friends could
call yourselves anything you want, and the merchant would know that
Johnny Cash Foobar buys a lot of pharmaceutical manufacturing equipment, but doesn't know who he is.  The bank's not paying interest, so they
probably don't need SSNs until the next round of privacy-prevention laws,
and they're not using them as credit-validation tools since they're
only issuing debit cards to cash customers anyway.  Meanwhile,
it gets to hire lots of lawyers, pay Visa commissions,
and collect interest on the float.  And if you get tired of being
Johnny Cash Foobar, or don't like having your purchases correlated,
John Hancock's card can buy the motorboats and Joe Toshiba's
can pay for the precision machine tools...
The standard merchant contract with Visa/Mastercharge used to forbid
merchants from asking for additional ID unless they suspected fraud;
I think some states have made laws about this as well.

@_date: 1995-01-03 22:53:36
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Exporting cryptographic materials, theory vs. practice 
Of course you'd be deranged to say yes, but just imagine what
would happen if every Customs Thug were required to ask everyone
carrying a PC into our out of the country if they had any software
on it capable of protecting the privacy of their files or communications,
and requiring major paperwork of anyone who said yes....
the law would be gone in a week.
My latest beef with the customs thugs was when I last came back from
Mexico, I noticed that their arm badges said something about like

@_date: 1995-01-03 22:53:38
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Art and Crypto - Re: I'm back. :) 
Lile Elam writes
It works on so many levels, as well - hiding encrypted bits in the low-order bits of pixel color values
- representing data in the colored spots on a Seurat impressionist work
- wondering what the artist _really meant_ by a given figure :-)
It also may be a good way to nag us into doing stealthy versions
of PGP and other cryptosystem headers - steganography is less useful
when the encrypted message always starts off with

@_date: 1995-01-04 11:41:13
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Regulatory Risks 
Duncan asks
"Our chief weapon was surprise", and of course Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt.
The most effective thing they could do would be to deploy a digital
signature system that you _have_ to use to pay your company taxes
or file your individual tax returns on-line, and go from there
to requiring it for other business transactions with the government.
Subsidized servers, of course.  It's worked with Social Security Numbers,
and if they control on-line signatures for business, then they can
control access to the nets for a large fraction of the population.
Along with it, require that banks use the signatures for electronic banking,
which is a bit easier since banks are heavily regulated and the
Federal Reserve would probably be happy to help.
Besides, it gives the Post Office something to do in a post-paper world.
They obviously can't prevent piggyback networks, but they _can_ make
it economically infeasible for medium-large companies to run them.
For instance, declaring internet providers to be common carriers,
and doing a "digital telephony bill" to require them to use
IPng authentication on packets and traceable headers on news and
email systems, with the risk of de-licensing and confiscation
for non-conformists.  It's nice that the largest backbone provider
is now NOT the NSFnet, but a commercial provider (though I'd obviously
prefer AT&T  to Sprint+MCI :-), but they're still the Phone Company,
and could be forced to accept regulation.
Meanwhile, at the user end, the Enemy could start using confiscation
on any computers caught running remailers or encryption -
even if they can't stop us Nasty Evil Black-Marketeering K0deZ Dealers,
they could make it too risky to do at work or school,
which means your own money is on the line if you get caught
calculating in the Black Numbers.  I doubt they'll be able to
ban convicted lawbreakers from using computers entirely
for much longer (heck, I wouldn't be able to use my microwave
oven any more, much less drive my car), but they could still try.

@_date: 1995-01-05 14:08:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Remailer Abuse 
I'd be worried about a couple of issues - one is just the transaction cost - can you successfully market remailer use
at a buck a shot or whatever you'd be charging beyond FV's 29c stamp,
or would you have some convenient way to aggregate bill?
Beyond that, though, are some traffic analysis problems -
remailers require a fair bit of traffic to be useful, and unless
you receive a reasonable amount of encrypted traffic, and support encrypted email for purchasing remailer service
and other merchandise, an eavesdropper would have a fairly good source
of traffic data on your remailer users, especially since buying and using remailer service requires two messages within an hour or so.
An alternative billing mechanism, which wouldn't use Chaum-patented cash,
would be to sell a bunch of one-shot random-number tokens.
When you sell the tokens, you add them to the database of valid tokens,
and when one comes in on a message you delete it.
This allows you to sell more than one message or service-period per FV transaction, and separates the purchase and use by a longer time,
without adding the need for record-keeping based on the user's ID.
It obviously does require encrypted reply messages.
Another variant is for the user to send you a bunch of tokens
along with the purchase, which you store.  Blind signatures would improve
the security of this process, but require more computation and
may involve Chaum's patents.  In this case, the message from the client
to you would be encrypted, but you wouldn't have to send a reply,
so the request could come in anonymously.

@_date: 1995-01-05 16:27:02
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: ecash trial issues explained 
It isn't difficult to make paper cash less anonymous, though, by tracking serial
numbers.  This is occasionally done in "law enforcement" situations - recording
the notes used to pay ransom or bribes.  It wouldn't be difficult to add serial-number recording equipment/mechanisms to automatic bank-teller machines, to record what serial numbers would be given out to whom.  (This can be done either by adding scanners to the ATMs themselves, or by scanning the money before putting it into the ATM, and having the ATM record
that transaction  dispensed the 105th-110th bills in the stack.
Scanning can either be done by OCRs, or by replacing the human-readable
numbers with bar-codes, as some of the paranoids periodically suggest the
US Treasury is about to do as part of some heinous plan.
However, the original posters' assertion that digital cash should not be anonymous is not a technical statement, it's a value judgement, and in my opinion it's a bad one.  There are a lot of genuine social needs that
anonymity can support, and a lot of bad things that can be done with traceable money.  Aside from that, traceability costs money.  Original gold
and silver money didn't need to be traceable, though coiner's and assayer's marks
were useful, and it is easier to keep track of your pile of gold bars if they're
numbered.   But paper money has serial numbers largely to prevent easy copying;
gold is a lot harder to counterfeit, unless you've got a king who insists that
coins with his face on them should be worth N times as much as anonymous coins.

@_date: 1995-01-08 18:18:53
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: The Value of Anonymity 
Hear, hear!  mkj's article on anonymity is worth reading.
is not just the ability to have private conversations without eavesdroppers;
it's the ability to change the balance of power from the centralized
control and accumulation of information that computers bring back
to a level where _you_ can control what happens to your personal data.
Do you _like_ starting transactions by giving some big company your
Social Security Number which lets them, and everyone else, know
everything you've ever done, where you live, how you vote, what you buy?
We can move to a society where you can give the other party as much
information as they need to do business with you, without having to give them everything else, or connect this transaction to all your others.
Sometimes that means giving people more detail than you give them now, usually less.  Cryptography becomes the technical glue to control how much you tell somebody on each transaction, anywhere from total
anonymity to deep personal information, to let you have a driver's license
that says "yes this person is a safe driver" without it becoming
the key to your bank account of you lose your wallet, to have voter's
registration that doesn't permit fraud but doesn't require universal
Some good technical references are the set of papers that David Chaum
published about blind signatures and anonymous credentials.

@_date: 1995-01-08 19:54:12
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Latency, bandwidth, and anonymity 
My initial reaction to "Anonymous video conferencing" was
"That's when you wear black ski masks and use voice scramblers
and call from video payphones", i.e. not very useful.
("Subcomandata Marcos here...")
On the other hand, Wei Dai's followup message about
puts a different spin on it.  It's a real problem, if not now, then
maybe in 5-10 years.  I realize that those of us in the Phone Company
who have predicted universal Picturephone in the past have been over-optimistic :-), but the video compression people and the faster-chip
people keep bringing us closer to having good-quality low-bandwidth video,
and ISDN and fast modems are bringing available loop-end bandwidth up
to the point that reasonably-priced circuits can carry it.  (Long-haul
raw bits have been cheap enough for a while; it's the distribution
and switching technology that have a lot of the cost, and providing
cheap high-bandwidth circuits makes it hard to make money on voice calls.)
The approaches to anonymous video conferencing will depend a bit
on whether the technology takes off on the nets or the phone system,
if those two are still different by then.  It's easier to obscure
the origins of a call on the nets, where users own large parts,
than it is on the phone system, where the Phone Companies own
and operate most of it; the latter environment would require
Phone Remailers, such as PBXs you call into on T1 lines and get
shuffled out on other circuits - it's hard to get adequate mixing
except in rather large environments....  Recircuiting on the nets
will be left as an excercise to the reader.
I suspect the harder parts of the job may be doing the faces and voices right - anonymous voice conference bridges are ok if the
participants mostly don't know each other, but they're less useful
if people know each other and cops with computerized voiceprint equipment
may be eavesdropping (not common now, though computers and models of
the human voice are improving; I suppose voice disguisers may improve
from the kid's-toy quality to something better if there's a market,
or if computers with full-duplex soundcards become more common.)
Faces are harder, and they're not really a crypto problem -
how do you fake them well?  It's not too hard to do a "quayletool"
quality solution that generates moving lips in front of a static
picture, even timed with an audio feed, but that won't play too well
in the business world, and having the camera pointing at your calendar
or home page is only semi-useful.  If video-calling evolves on the nets,
there'll be a lot more need for speed-matching services, and it may
be that computer-enhanced video receiving for high-bandwidth users
will fund the technology development for face-simulation?
If so, maybe you can use it to start with fake stills instead of real ones?

@_date: 1995-01-08 20:49:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Data Haven problems 
dfloyd asks for ideas about preventing spamming in data havens,
for the code that he's working on.  It's a hard job.
A related problem is how to prevent your data haven from becoming
the porno-ftp site of the week, and either being swamped with
traffic or raided by the Post Office Reactionary Neighborhood Police.
One way to stop spamming is to charge sufficient money for the service
that using it always pays for itself - spamming is then reduced
to a source of profit, e.g. no problem.  If people want to  hire
you to store spam, it's their money they're wasting.  But that
requires an anonymous digital cash infrastructure, which we don't
really have yet.  And it's a lot less interesting academically (:-)
than finding solutions which can also work in a cooperative system,
or at least a system that doesn't charge per transaction.
Probably the most important step you can take is to build in
operator-selectable filtering, because the problems keep changing.
Operators probably need to be able to block storage and retrieval
by specific users and sites (It's easier to prevent access by president at whitehouse.gov than it is to detect forged requests, and you probably want to keep both real and fake Cantor&Siegel users off,
plus the bozo of the month and the broken-remailer of the day.)
Some operators may find it useful to limit the amount of data
that can be stored or retrieved by a specific user or site, though this is less useful with anonymous and pseudonymous remailers
around, since "a specific user" becomes vaguer.
Filtering by filename and type can also be useful - if you don't allow
files named *.gif and *.jpg, users may be less likely to
spam you with pornography.  Namespace control in general is an issue -
do users get to choose filenames, or list directories, or do they
have to know the names of files to retrieve. Another issue is whether files can only be retrieved by the sender -
probably a local policy issue.  Some sites may only accept encrypted files, which reduces the spam potential considerably, as well as reducing your exposure to the
porn police, though it's difficult to do anything about files that are
encrypted with a public key whose private key has been posted to the net,
or fake crypto headers in an otherwise unencrypted file,
unless you put in lots more code to check the insides of files and
watch the net for such postings, which is unrealistic.  There's also
the problem that PGP and especially RIPEM files are non-stealthy,
and users may not want to leave even keyids in their files.

@_date: 1995-01-08 21:09:23
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Can someone verify this conjecture for me? 
There are a couple of advantages of chaining multiple remailers.
One is that traffic analysis is an art, rather than a science,
and to really foil it, you've got to know how good it is, which is hard.
Long-term patterns may show up even though the traffic mixes
are pretty good in the short run, and if you can spread out the remailer
use and increase the traffic load, plus constantly sending encrypted
traffic between remailers, it does make the job harder.
If the Bad Guys can isolate their target to a few remailer users,
they can often find the real one by rubber-hose or a small number
of wiretaps at the user locations instead of the remailers;
that's impractical if there are thousands of potential users in
multiple countries across the remailer-chain.
Another is that if one good trustable remailer can foil traffic
analysis, then multiple remailers increases the chance that
at least one of them is good.  Sure, Julf's a good guy, but what
if the KGB has kidnapped his grandmother, or the CIA has planted
wiretaps inside his computer - will you know if it's compromised?
There's also the reliability issue - what if the Finnish Phone Company
decides Julf is using too much of their resources and cuts him off,
or the Mafia steals one of your police-informants' remailers,
or the California Public Utilities Commission declares email to be
a common carrier and insists on auditing all transactions?
Multiple remailer in a strongest-link chain reduce the risks.

@_date: 1995-01-13 14:06:27
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Multiple symetric cyphers 
It's got another algorithm byte - the stuff at the beginning that
says --- BEGIN PGP ENCRYPTED MESSAGE ---, letting everyone know
it's PGP.  That's one of the major risks of "algorithm bytes" -
not that it tells the Bad Guys which algorithm you're using,
but that it tells them "yes, this is crypto, not just noise".

@_date: 1995-01-15 23:38:23
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Jude Milhon in WIRED 
Oh, come on, Perry - your memory must be decaying.
I've met Jude 3-4 times in the last 1.5 years, including at
Bay Area cypherpunks meetings (the long boring photo-shoot for
the NY Times Magazine, for instance), and it's been referred to
in the past that "cypherpunks" was her pun.  She's also the one
who put out requests for character contributions to a novel
she's doing, which went to the list.  Besides, if you're grumpy that
you haven't met someone, you need to get out here to the left coast
more often - New York winters must be getting to you :-)

@_date: 1995-01-16 00:59:40
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: How do I know if its encrypted? 
Yeah.  Picking threat models is important.
Alice's job is easy; she can just encrypt stuff.
The problems are a bit different if the file can only be retrieved
by Alice, or if she can give retrieval tokens to Bob, Carol,
and alt.sex.spam.
If Dave is running a free or cheap service, he also may
need to prevent his site from becoming load-spammed by the
permanent floating warez+porno crowd.  (As Eric pointed out,
it's a policy-vs-mechanism issue; it's easier to run a service
if you've got mechanisms to support any policy you want.)
If Dave's charging for service, charging separately for
storage and retrieval can help - that lets the one-storage,
many-retrieval model work without having to use mechanisms like
automatic deletion-after-reading, which may not be useful for
some applications.  For Dave to be sure he can't read Alice's files, he can't depend on Alice encrypting them - aside from entropy models
which are generally not very useful, Alice could always
encrypt the data and then publish the key.  So he has to do it.
Here're 1.5 approaches that can work for some threats:
Alice wants to store message M, using a key K known to Alice.
(K could be hash H(M) if desired, or sent to Dave along with M.)
Dave calculates H(K), encrypts M with K, stores E(M;K) under name H(K),
and then discards K.  To retrieve files, Alice sends either K or H(K).
There's some risk at storage - Dave is receiving the file,
so he's vulnerable to cops between the time he PGP-decrypts the message and the time he re-encrypts and destroys the key,
but it's brief, and can be automated so he doesn't see it in person;
he could still be coerced into eavesdropping future storage
unless there's a good blinded variant on the method.
Alice needs to keep or K or give it to her friends.
If retrievals use K, Dave can decrypt on transmission (some risk,
some potential revenue).  This has the advantage that Dave doesn't
know the access token to retrieve a given file across the net,
so he can't tell the cops what to scan for.
If retrievals only use H(K), he can't decrypt on retrieval, so even if the cops coerce Alice or bribe Bob into retrieving it,
Dave doesn't see the content again; it's probably a lot safer for Dave.
The risk is that cops who break Dave's system or coerce him into
giving them the files will know to look for H(K) on other systems;
scanning the net for anything that might hash to H(K) is much harder.
Also, Alice might want to give Bob and Carol H(K) to retrieve the files,
but not give them K to decrypt until later, or might send K
through other channels that only the In Crowd get.
Another extension is for Dave to store the file as H(H(K)), to make it more work to match access tokens against files -
Dave has the advantage of not even knowing the access token
(which the retrieve-with-K method has) as well as not letting Dave decrypt.
Using user-selected keys instead of message hashes is obviously a lot faster, since Dave doesn't have to calculate them,
and makes it a bit easier for Alice to memorize the keys instead of storing them, but it requires more Syntax in the requests,
and increases the chances of wimpy keys and especially collisions
(which essentially never happen in hash-based systems, but are more
common if people want to use keys like "Secret Plans".)
And Alice can always store the hashes encrypted and stegoed,
or store an index file on the datahaven and give her friends
the access tokens for that instead of her whole collection.
Hashes are also safer for Dave if Alice is compromised or spam is a problem,
since he doesn't have to respond to requests for "spam1.gif" or
"Nuclear Narcoterrorist KiddyPorn Monthly" or "Windows_for_95.c",
which is riskier than requests for 0x402930be89a9c901.

@_date: 1995-01-16 23:37:38
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Abuse Complaint out of homer@rahul.net 
Michael wrote, to Homer and the lists
There's different levels of harassment.  For the kind that says
1) "Don't send me any of this junk mail any more", if the recipient wants to define junk mail to the remailer-operator, there's no ethical problem if the operator wants to block remailed mail
to the recipient, though it's good form in non-remailer-chain
environments for the operator to issue a bouncegram if possible.
If the recipient has to pay per byte/message to receive mail,
or the amount transmitted is really excessive, then this is
certainly something an operator ought to do to avoid problems.
(It's potentially bad form for a for-profit operator to cash
digicash postage for delivering the messages if he doesn't,
at least without a warning in his pricing policy advertisment.)
If the operator doesn't want to block remail to an unwilling
recipient, the ethical and legal questions become more interesting.
The question of whether the "don't bug me" list gets published
is also interesting.
For the kind of harassment complaint that says 2) "Block all remail to me from this destination",
there are implementation issues - can the remailer perform
checks like this before doing the header-munging?
Is there more security risk? Of course, with chaining,
it's a lot less useful.
For the kind of complaint that says
3) "Block all remail to this group of people",
there's the question of whether the requester is authorized
to request that for the entire group - newsgroups are an
especially interesting problem.  Julf's remailer blocks
posting to some newsgroups, because the readers have done
the usual net.poll and decided they'd like him to block it,
since lots of the remail was spam.  But especially with newsgroups,
it's easy for the recipient to trash incoming articles from the remailers.

@_date: 1995-01-16 23:44:56
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Abuse and Remailer Ethics 
You can do a good job of anonymous remailing even on a system that
keeps email logs, if the system is otherwise trustable.
When mail comes in to your remailer, store it in a file (encrypted....).
Periodically take the files of stored messages, shuffle them,
and mail them out.  It's about the same behavior as doing the same
from your own box with eavesdroppers on your network, though
the traffic levels are a bit different if each remailer operator
on rahul.net gets identified separately instead of all the remailers
getting lumped together.  But if there are multiple remailers on
Rahul's machine, and if the syslogs don't log internal mail,
you could also forward some of the remailer traffic randomly
through other remailer-operators there.

@_date: 1995-01-17 00:32:34
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Another problem w/Data Havens... 
Liability is a legal issue, not a technical one.
(Catchability is a technical issue.)
The basic ways to remove liability are to either run your system
where the local laws don't object to information storage,
or to reduce the operator's involvement to levels that the
local legal system will tolerate.  The former case is easy,
if you can rent computer space in a country with a non-meddling
government and good net access (or an easily rentable government :-).)
For those of us in the latter situation, the discussion's still
Good, but still has most of the same old risks.
Alice asks Dave's Data Haven to store stuff, and later retrieves it.
Dave doesn't want to be able to know what's in it.
There are three main threat periods - at receipt of the data,
during storage, and at retrieval.  Secret sharing is great for
the storage period, assuming the data havens are in different
jurisdictions and the cops can't force the operator (Dave)
to go retrieve all the pieces.  However, at receipt of the data, it's all in one place, Dave's inbox.
If Alice encrypted it safely, or secret-shared it herself, great!
But if Alice is a narc trying to entrap Dave with plaintext ThoughtCrime,
or Alice's key has been compromised, anything in Dave's inbox is
still toast, even if anything that's been split and stored is safer
than if it had been stored unsplit.  So he either needs to split it fast,
shortening the window, or find a way to blind his mail before processing it,
or split it before reading it.
Splitting before reading isn't impossible in a stream environment.
Define a protocol that looks like SMTP, but opens up three outgoing streams as well as an incoming stream, and uses standard mail formats.
While reading the headers from Alice (either the real contents or just the
handshakes at the beginning), Dave's receiver thinks about them
and sends some meaningful headers to Moe, Larry, and Curly.
Once the message body starts, instead of storing the incoming bytes,
Dave sends every other byte to Moe or Larry, and the xors to Curly.*
If he wants to get fancy, he can even encrypt the data with a stream
cypher as he goes along, giving half the key to each of them.
That way, Dave's system really only has knowledge of the headers,
plus one line at a time of incriminating data on the fly.
And his partners can't give anything away either; they're just stooges.
* If the connections to and storage by Moe and Larry are reliable enough,
Curly doesn't really need to be involved, but the xor business lets
you reconstruct everything from just two parts.
"Privacy is not a crime!"

@_date: 1995-01-18 18:25:16
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Electronic cash illegal? 
He didn't say it was illegal to print private banknotes, just taxable.
Anybody can issue paper or metal tokens or whatever - the difference
with goverment-issue currency is that they can pass laws saying you
must accept it as payment for debts, even though your contract
specified repayment in real money instead of private bogons
like green paper IOUs or lightweight impure-metal coins with
politician's pictures on them.
As far as I know, the legal definition of a "dollar" in the US is still a
certain weight of silver, and payment in silver legally satisfies debts;
under current silver prices, that probably costs more than a $1 US Federal Reserve Note, so nobody bothers.

@_date: 1995-01-18 18:35:04
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Another problem w/Data Havens... 
The problem with a procmail script, unlike the ugly on-the-fly
SMTP-like splitting method I proposed, is that the suspicious message
is in your mail system, intact, and if they nail you before
you can dispose of it, they can prove you had it.
(Even though procmail does stuff quickly, sendmail still
accumulates the material before delivering it, doesn't it?)
They still have to prove that there's something illegal or
forfeiture-supporting about the way you possessed the message,
but by then you're hauled into court and your computer is stolen.
The Feds argued in the Steve Jackson Games fiasco that intercepting
unread mail in mailboxes is different than intercepting it in transit,
and while we can hope that will be overturned, it's better not to
be the guinea pig.
If your machine never has more than a few bits of the message,
they can't catch you in possession of the message - they can only
argue that bits of it flowed through your machine, and that's
much harder to build a case on, and given the abuse the judge
gave the Bad Guys in the SJG case, it's probably easy to prevent
them from keeping your machine as evidence, or at least get it back.
Your paranoia may vary....

@_date: 1995-01-18 18:56:30
@_author: bill.stewart@pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 
@_subject: Scientologys Attempts 
More precisely, anybody has the power to send a rmgroup message,
just like anybody has the power to send a cancel message.
Aside from ettiquette and ethics, the question is whether most of the news servers out there will respond to them,
which is a local decision.
The last time I ran a news server was in B News days, so your mileage
may vary, but responses to newgroup and rmgroup messages can be
turned on and off.  I used to leave them turned on; not only did
new groups appear on my system without manual intervention,
but the Great Renaming took care of itself automatically on my box.
Yep.  rmgroup wars happen occasionally on the net,
usually about alt.joe.newuser.die.die.die and other spam groups
run by (or about) people with more spare time than taste.
The difference here is that it's part of an organized group-sponsored
censorship attempt, rather than an individual squabble,
so it retains some degree of classicity.

@_date: 1995-01-23 14:25:39
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: The Remailer Crisis 
I disagree - live connections  are great for fast-response systems,
but we got along just fine in the uucp dialup world with occasional
connections; in an environment like remailers where you _want_
batchy performance, the clunkiness can even be a "feature".
I don't know how many providers are offerring uucp or ip dialout
from their servers, or whether they're much cheaper than real ip,
but you can do ok with, say, hourly polling to a TIA or term connection
to fill your mailbox from a POP server, or nightly if that's enough.
TIA also has the advantage over SLIP/PPP that outgoing mail from your system will _always_ have unverifiable IP addresses - you look like
netcom.com, just like everyone else TIA-connecting from netcom does.
And connections from shared-IP-address-pool systems like netcruiser
or dialup PPP systems probably don't do much logging of who's used
what IP address beyond when nameserver caches clear.

@_date: 1995-01-23 14:26:36
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Data Vaults (vs. Data Havens) 
Tim and Eric write things like:
We can always call them "Private Storage Servers" or some such;
an interesting question is whether the main uses will be
for retrieval by the storer, or by someone else, or by a bunch of others,
and how we describe the service may affect that.

@_date: 1995-01-23 14:46:15
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: transient guerrilla remailers 
Yeah - John Doe pays in cash, or uses a Post Office money order :-),
to get X months of remailer service.  After the initial account setup,
he can keep it up dated by mailing in mostly-anonymous paper cash using
the usually-anonymous paper remailer service offered by the US government,
dropping the payments in a mailbox.  If the sysadm is trustable, no problem,
and the degree of trust is whatever a month's remailer service costs.
If he's not, John Doe can detect it by occasionally using the remailer,
and can spam the net with scanned-in copies of the money order showing
it's payable to sysadm.  If the sysadm wants to float the (low) cost of
running a remailer for a month, he can even keep the money order around
for a month or so to use as evidence if he's subpoenaed or otherwise legally
One concern I have about this remailer strategy is whether everyone's
remailer shows up as their own, or as "nobody" - can you tell the nobodies apart?

@_date: 1995-01-23 14:49:51
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: AA + Anonymous ECash = Unhappy Fundies 
Girl Scout Cookies do crumble a bit when crammed through the net,
and it's tough to deliver them to anonymous locations, unlike bits.
And there are moral concerns there as well - not only do their "butter cookies" use non-butter shortening (:-), but there's the
problem that it turns the Girl Scouts into a crass commercial enterprise,
just another division of Nabisco, instead of teaching the kids that
hard work will get them a 7 percent margin on their sales.
On the other hand, being able to have Girl Scout cookies or flowers
sent by anonymous donors may go over well in some circles...

@_date: 1995-01-23 14:52:21
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: hmmm, port 25 
nutty elf writes, from tower.stc.housing.washington.edu, the message below.
If I'd been watching recently for postings from that machine,
I could point out who he probably was.....

@_date: 1995-01-24 19:39:13
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Security of UNIX, NT, etc. (Was: Clinton Freezes...) 
Depends on what trojan horse attack you have in mind.
Well-designed B1-secure systems can get rid of most of the Trojan Horse attacks by storing the trusted computing base
System Low and requiring root to only execute programs at that level, and running all users at higher classifications, like Unclassified.
Since users can't write down, they can't hack the TCB, so the main opportunity for Trojan Horses is to trick trusted programs
into interpreting data in dangerous ways (e.g. executable editor macros in email, or exploitation of a much smaller set of bugs
than usual.)
And Perry replies:
As is any system that was designed for purposes other than security
and had security added on.
(On VMS: The C2-rated VMS systems came out somewhat before the
Worms Against Nuclear Killers takeover of a NASA(?) network;
it seems that being rated C2 doesn't prevent you from shipping systems
with the factory-equipped SYSTEM and FIELD account passwords left alone.)
I thought there were systems at at least the B3 level, if not A1;
Honeywell SCOMP comes to mind.  Of course, all those levels are
just Orange Book, and extending genuinely provable multilevel security
to the multi-computer networked problem was far beyond current research
when I was last current on the stuff.  (They could update me,
but then they'd have to kill me :-).)  There was also KSOS, but I don't
remember what level of security it reached.
There have been B2-rated networks which let single-level machines share a LAN (Verdix VSLAN), and there's a certain level of security you can get
running uucp on B1 systems, but bug-free shared networked general-purpose
systems are, uh, not very common.  And didn't Boeing have a high-rated
fiber LAN of some sort?
Actually, before networking, MS-DOS was perfectly secure.  After all,
there's only one User in the universe, and She is allowed to do
anything She wants, however ill-advised....

@_date: 1995-01-26 19:28:43
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Reordering, not Latency (Was: Re: Remailer) 
Effective reordering is the key - as Louis Cypher's article showed,
there are forms of reordering which are NOT effective, though the requirement
for latency is really a consequence rather than a direct requirement.
There are six+ classes of packets that can go through a remailer:
1) Real packets from outside to be remailed to outside.
2) Hostile packets from traffic analysts* outside to outside.
3) Real packets from outside to users on the remailer itself.
4) Real packets from the remailer itself to outside.
5) Cover traffic packets from the remailer to outside.
6) Cover packets from outside friendly remailers.
Ingoring categories 3-6 for the moment, the problem with reordering
is that the remailer needs to reorder n _real_ packets to get a certain
level of security, but can't really tell real packets from hostile ones.
If the algorithm is simply to reorder and retransmit batches of n packets,
either en masse or in a stream basis as Louis suggests, the analysts can surround each real packet with n hostile packets
from known destinations to known destinations and therefore be able
to pick out the one real packet on the outbound.
The effect of latency L is to provide a reasonable probability that
n real packets will have arrived during time L, so the addition
of hostile packets does not prevent the mixing between the n real packets.
Outbound cover traffic is helpful, but unless it targets the same
destinations as the real traffic with some probability,
it may not be sufficient to prevent long-term pattern analysis
(and cover traffic is mainly useful when sent to other remailers
and their co-conspirators; cover traffic sent to a newsgroup
or innocent member of the public is generally recognizable as such...)
Inbound cover traffic is great, of course - I'm not sure if it
totally substitutes for real traffic?  Its best use is in systems
where real traffic users chain between remailers which also carry
cover traffic between them, but there's still some information that
can potentially be gleaned about a small** remailer-cloud viewed as a whole
by analysts forcing lots of traffic through the cloud, unless the
remailers implement adequate reordering models.
[* I was going to refer to traffic analysts by the usual term Bad Guys,
but someday one of us good guys may want to break into a net
run by Bad Guys, so I decided to stay neutral here :-)]
[** The current 15-20 remailers are still a relatively small cloud.]

@_date: 1995-01-27 17:53:09
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: CIAC Bulletin F-09 
Sigh.  After all these years, people are still using mail systems which
run /bin/mail setuid-root instead of setgid-mail.....
Once in a while it's nice to be using System V.

@_date: 1995-01-29 01:16:13
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Philadelphia CyberCrime 
The irony is that the original dial telephone switch
was invented to prevent this kind of problem, by a Kansas City undertaker named Strowger who thought his competitor was bribing the phone operators to redirect business,
and wanted to get the humans out of the loop.

@_date: 1995-01-29 01:35:47
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: Even more unix holy wars. 
(Undeleting files is a security issue that's still got _some_ tenuous connection to cypherpunks :-)
Sure there is.  Multiple ways, depending on your objectives.
All with different syntax, since this _is_ Unix :-)
The simple way, implemented by lots of universities, is a fake delete,
which actually renames or moves the file to some hidden location
instead of deleting it; the undelete program renames it back,
and there's a space-scavenger that genuinely deletes old
rename-deleted files after a few days.  Undeletes after that
consist of getting the file from tape backup.
While the System V filesystem doesn't save enough pointers to guarantee getting complete files back from deletion (if the space
they used hasn't been reused already), there have been undeletes
that scrounge up the newest n blocks off the free list.  Of course,
those were the first blocks to get used in new files, so it wasn't
much use in a multi-user system, but it was there.  Besides,
disk drives on multi-user machines are always >95% full,
and often over 98% full, so deleted files are fair game anyway...

@_date: 1995-01-30 18:28:17
@_author: wcs@anchor.ho.att.com 
@_subject: ESP Unix encrypted session protocol software 
For now, let's look at this as client-server, rather than peer-peer.
One direction of authentication isn't too hard - the remote
client can authenticate his half with a PGP (or equivalent) public key,
and the server can keep a cache of known clients' public keys,
plus maybe have a good connection to a key server, and use web-of-trust
to help fill in the gaps.  (Getting all the details right is annoying...)
(And it increases the protocol a lot, involves post-1997 patent control,
and invokes PGP-vs.-RIPEM Public-Key-Implemention political wars.
But it's all an exercise for the reader :-)
One way to resolve the server direction is to hand-wave it away -
the authentication problem you need to solve is the man-in-the-middle;
man-at-the-end is a different problem.  After all, if the Bad Guys can break into the server well enough to steal root's private key,
the server is hosed anyway, and untrustable.  (The variant where the
server process is user-owned rather than root is really no different.)
If there _is_ another way to solve the server direction, it's to
do something like input the server's private key or the secret key
for root's private-key keyring into the process form a terminal
rather than a file, so it isn't stored on disk anywhere;
not a big win, but it's something.
An alternative to server authentication is to use a well-known published
half-key for the server end.  (Obviously the server still needs to keep
x private while publishing g**x mod m, but that's hard anyway.)
The client doesn't have to authenticate it, since it's well-known,
though it could be signed with a key not stored on the server,
and the server can authenticate the client's signed half-key,
so the man-in-the-middle is still unable to fake the session.
People have discussed how much this reduces security; I don't remember
the conclusions.
