
@_date: 1998-02-05 02:57:46
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: Cryptography empowering human rights. 
Looking for opinions and leads to resources about human rights and the
potential abuse of said rights with public key 'escrow' or  recovery
agents.  Please send info to:
mailto:webwarrior3 at infowar.com
Thanks in advance,
Scott R. Brower
Electronic Fronteirs Florida
effla at efflorida.org

@_date: 1998-02-06 14:31:06
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: RE Fingerprints and EF Georgia 
has had an ongoing project dealing with fingerprinting for DL's
This is in reply to Jim Burns' post:
"If your interested in this problem, I believe that the Georgia
wing of the EFF is mounting a campaign against fingerprinting on
driver's licenses.
Can't remember the URL for it though..."
EF Georgia has consistantly had some mighty fine information on their
mail list, still on topic too for the most part.
Scott R. Brower
Electronic Frontiers Florida
BTW...neither EFGA nor EFFlorida, or as far as I know, any other EF
group... is affiliated with EFF in any way but certain principals which
bind us together in a common cause.

@_date: 1998-02-07 11:21:51
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: Lets check this out *yawn* 
This person doesn't do it...there is nothing on the site that is in the
least bit out of the ordinary.
Here is the HTML.  There IS a great hacking page run by a guy named
 is the URL for that one.
-Scott Brower
Index of /Vienna/6318
Index of /Vienna/6318
 Name
Last modified     Size  Description
 Parent
Directory       06-Feb-98 14:23      -
 ACDC.MID               10-Sep-97 05:12    21k
 AXEL-F.MID             10-Sep-97 05:13    35k
 GANGSTA.MID            10-Sep-97 05:13    60k
 HCALIF.MID             10-Sep-97 05:14   136k
 INDEX.HTML             10-Sep-97 05:12     4k
 ISWEAR.MID             10-Sep-97 04:53    20k
 MAILX.GIF              10-Sep-97 04:53     3k
 MURLK.JPG              10-Sep-97 04:53     6k
 ROCKET.GIF             10-Sep-97 04:53     2k
 SDFDB.HTM              10-Sep-97 05:01     4k
 STAIRWAY.MID           10-Sep-97 05:02    28k

@_date: 1998-02-09 02:39:50
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: SOFT TEMPEST 
Several of the servers where I work have multiple monitors.  While it is
rare that I have several instances of the same application being
displayed on these monitors, I do, at times, do just that.  Easier for
cutting and pasting large blocks from one to the other as well as other
editing of code.  So, when the software police pull up outside of my
place of business see that there are six instances of a program being
displayed with one license I can expect a warrant to be issued?  That
would suck.
Unfortunatley, I do not have the time to read through the entire
document at the URL provided, and can't save it either from the .pdf ...
the defensive measures sound interesting.
Also, does this only work with CRTs or can it detect LCD too?
Furthermore, it was written:
I have worked on contract with several 'large' companies who are running
illegal copies of software, often without the knowledge of the sys
admin...better check those 'findings.'
Scott R. Brower

@_date: 1998-02-09 08:05:33
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
Either should work...I'll bet that scratching the shit off with his keys
worked too ;)
I'll have to remember that when it's time to get mine done.
That was a good question, though, does anyone know how much data those
little stripes can hold?
Scott R. Brower

@_date: 1998-02-09 10:58:39
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: Drivers Licenses 
for a
That's silly! I mess up my credit card strips all the time by keeping
them in my pocket with keys on motorcycle rides, or in my tool belt when
I used to do carpentry, or even slipping them into my money clip the
wrong side out....the tape has never lasted longer than a month on any
of my cards...I doubt, seriously, that a cop will harrass anyone who
does not come out and say, "Yes, officer, I intentionally defaced my
DL.  And ya know why, Mr. Poleesse Man? Well, I'll tell ya "
I do agree that it is proably better to do the damage without it being
noticable.  Less suspicion is ALWAYS better.

@_date: 1998-02-10 12:23:46
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: Cyber 'Nannys" 
An anonymous person wrote, in reference to CyberSitter type 'blocking'
"These companies are attempting to provide the services desired by
their customers... They give concerned parents a sense of safety..."
While I do not disagree that these companies should be able to market
their products, I wholeheartedly disagree with the fact that often their
customers (the adults who bought the software or subscribed to he
'service') are not allowed to have a list of what is actually blocked,
and decide for themselves if they want their kids to have access to any
of these sites.  It would be beating a dead horse to describe, here,
the potential value of some of the information that is blocked by these
packages; one only has to take a look at any of the published news
reports (or actually use one's sense of reason) to see that there are
many web sites that contain some of the words that are automatically
bloked by these 'services' that are absolutely not...smut , hate speech, or illegal/illicitly oriented.
On another, perhaps more severe (to you, Anonymous poster,) angle, they
DO NOT, NOR CAN THEY provide a genuine saftey zone for the children who
are to be 'protected.'  They are providing a false sense of security to
parents who, for one reason or another, feel that they are not able to
provide their children with direction on what to, and what not to, view
on the internet as well as what to do if the instance arises that
something that is deemed taboo happens to pop up on their monitor when
they click on the 'Chutes and Ladders' web site .
I am assuming that there is no latent support for the use of these
packages in public libraries, so I won't go into that issue.  In
general, these programs are flat out crap.  They purport to do something
that is impossible to accomplish and they often refuse to even inform
their customers what they actually ARE doing.
Scott R. Brower

@_date: 1998-02-10 16:47:28
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: Cyber 'Nannys" 
Ever hear of consumer protection laws? There are many cases where consumers
are allowed to "demand" information regarding their purchases...you were being
flippant. One subscribes to a magazine because one knows what the focus of the
content is and one chooses to receive that periodical; not because the
magazine MAY have an editorial policy to not cover any stories on the
"Oddities of Toenail Fungus in Bleached Blonde Yaks from Manhattan."
Pardon my poor choice of words, please.  Looking back on it, I can see that I
could have chosen a better way to express my meaning.  In case you did not get
the gist, let me clarify it for you:  I find it to be an irresponsible
business practice for a company not to provide a customer with information on
exactly what a product does and does not do.  In a case where a product claims
to 'protect' children from certain 'harmful' material, parents should be able
to view these criteria in order to:A) discern whether they agree that the
material is harmful
B) make an educated choice regarding which, if any, of these products they
want to purchase.
Saying that a customer can not demand to know what the product does is like
saying that a car manufacturer should not have to tell potential customers if
the engine block is made of aluminum, cast iron, or wood.  Likewise, remember
an agency called the FDA?  Hmm, wonder if one of the reasons we have
ingredient labels on our packaged food is so people can verify that certain
ingredients are not in the products.  Have any allergies, Tim?
Huh?  Where did that come from?
There are already consumer protection laws.  I don't think that this is a
concentration of extensive economic controls in the State, do you?  Really,
It is neither my option nor is it my responsibility to change someone's little
paranoid mind should they confuse consumer protection with statism, that is a
job for a psychiatrist or a professor.
Scott R. Brower

@_date: 1998-02-11 02:47:11
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: Cyber 'Nannys" 
When you purchase or sell anything you enter into a contract with the other party,
hence:UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE Article 21) In this Article unless the context
otherwise requires "contract" and "agreement" are limited to those relating to the
present or future sale of goods. "Contract for sale" includes both a present sale
of goods and a contract to sell goods at a future time. A "sale" consists in the
passing of title from the seller to the buyer for a price (Section 2-401). A
"present sale" means a sale which is accomplished by the making of the contract.
As far as I can tell, every state other than Louisianna have accepted the UCC as
their state business law.  Additionally, many states have a law similar to:
Deceptive Practices SDCL 37-24-6
It is a violation of state law:
(2) To knowingly and intentionally conceal, suppress or omit any material fact in
connection with the sale or advertisement of merchandise.
I never implied that I would use such trash...I trust that my eight year old my
daughter understands what to do if she comes across something that is not
appropriate for her viewing as far as our family values are concerned. Thanks you
for permission, however, should I ever feel the need to allow a corporation to be
(in your terms) Big Brother to my daughter, I will feel justified in that you have
personally given me the leave to do so.
Why not?
Scott R. Brower

@_date: 1998-02-11 03:06:49
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: Cyber 'Nannys" 
I do not claim to be a specialist in consumer protection and you may be right that
there are many laws that end up hurting consumers.  I don't know of any, but they
may be there...You mentioned:
Government regulation, as in your car or kerosene heater has to meet certain
criteria before it is sold?
Reduced competition, as in the case where a company wants to produce an item that
is unsafe or does not do what it is supposed to and is not allowed to market it?
Higher prices--I would rather pay a higher price and know that if the product does
not perform as indicated or purported I have recourse than pay less for a product
that does not work and end up being stuck with it.  Ya get what ya pay for (not
including taxes) generally, or you get what you can afford as the case may be. I
seriously doubt that consumer protection laws have kept anyone from being able to
afford a product they would have otherwise been able to enjoy.
Scott R. Brower

@_date: 1998-02-11 05:38:03
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: Cyber 'Nannys" 
I hardly think that the parameters they choose to use can be construed as a trade
Restaurant critics do supply criteria, this, once again, is not a trade secret.
What is more, this is not analogous to filtering packages.  A critic will provide
information on both what he or she likes and dislikes as well as the location and
name of the restaurant.  They make recommendations which their 'readers' (not
customers) can choose to follow or ignore.
As I said before, when one subscribes to a periodical, one has a good idea of
what is within their editorial policy.  It would be unreasonable to expect a
publisher to provide every potential story.  Whereas, it would not be
unreasonable to expect a magazine on Anthropology to publish an article on a
recent discovery of major scientific import.
Equating a decision of what material is what is not acceptable  with the internal
schematics of chips is really far fetched.
People buy these packages (filtering software/services) with the understanding
that they will 'protect' their children from certain content.  Without being able
to look into what content is actually blocked a customer is being duped into a
false sense of security.  Additionally, they will never get to see what is
actually blocked.
So you don't think that ingredients should be labeled on pre-packaged food?
Shit, I guess you don't have any allergies.
But CyberSitter ad Net Nanny DO label their editorial decisions by providing a
list of what TYPE of material they block, and as Declan pointed out, Net Nanny
provides a list.  They simply provide no proof that they actually do block sites
on any such basis.  The CyberSitter fiasco with Jonathan Wallace and Peacefire
last year is an example of material that is being blocked that does not fall into
line with their declared criteria.
As stated above, they DO disclose the framework of their criteria, it is evidence
that these criteria are actually followed that is absent.
Scott R. Brower

@_date: 1998-02-11 13:34:11
@_author: WebWarrior3@InfoWar.Com 
@_subject: [Fwd: Russia/Iraq] 
A bit off of our regularly scheduled program, but with Yeltsin saying
that Clinton might be starting a 3rd World War last week, I thought I
would pass this on.
Check out our newest product: Santizer
Give away your computer, not your data
Global Intelligence Update Red Alert February 11, 1998
Russia Threatens to Arm Baghdad
But will Saddam Remain in Power?
According to a report on Tuesday in the online edition of the Egyptian
newspaper Al-sha'b, the Russian government has warned Washington that
Russia will supply arms and humanitarian aid to Iraq if the United States
chooses to abandon diplomatic efforts and attacks Iraq.  Al-Sha'b reported
that Baghdad requested 20 billion dollars in urgent military and
humanitarian aid from Russia.  Baghdad, which already owes Russia 80
billion dollars, hopes to be able to pay off its debt once sanctions are
lifted.  Al-Sha'b went on to report that Washington has monitored
heightened states of alert and increased military preparedness throughout
the Middle East, and has warned neighboring Arab states against providing
Iraq with military support.
If the Egyptian report is factual, then Russia has just moved even closer
to confrontation with the United States.  Its previous threats of world war
are clearly not credible.  Sending aid to Iraq is, on the other hand, quite
credible and therefore is in many ways more dangerous.  The question is,
will Hussein be there after the U.S. attack to receive the arms?
We have noticed a curious juxtaposition of official U.S. statements on the
crisis in Iraq with the emerging balance of U.S. forces in the region,
suggesting that Washington may be expecting an Iraqi coup d'etat.  U.S.
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright testified before the Senate on
Tuesday that, in the event U.S. air strikes contributed to toppling Saddam
Hussein, "it would create a situation which, for a time, would require the
presence of troops."  The United States has accelerated its deployment of
ground troops to the region.  Three thousand troops from Ft. Stewart are
being deployed to reinforce the 1,500 U.S. ground troops already in Kuwait.
The USS Tarawa and the USS Guam, amphibious assault ships each carrying a
2,000-man Marine Expeditionary Unit, are headed for the Persian Gulf.
Other U.S. ground forces in the region include 6,000 soldiers at the Prince
Sultan Air Base in Saudi Arabia and 10,000 soldiers engaged in military
exercises in Egypt.
Additionally, the list of potential U.S. targets has grown from suspected
chemical and biological agent sites to include command and control
installations, the Iraqi air force, and the Republican Guard.  This
suggests a decapitation strike, aimed at disrupting Hussein's capability to
coordinate a defense of his hold on power.
Iraqi opposition forces also appear to be preparing for an altered post-air
strike environment.  The rival Kurdish Democratic Party and Patriotic Union
of Kurdestan are planning a meeting on February 12 to settle outstanding
differences and stabilize their cease-fire.  Iraqi Kurdestan's Conservative
Party public relations officer, Aram Muhammad Sa'id, declared in an
interview on Monday with the Iranian News Agency that Turkey's latest entry
into northern Iraq had the "green light" from the United States, and was
part of a U.S. plan to use air strikes to topple Hussein and dismember
Iraq.  Finally, the Iraqi National Congress has reported that Baath Party
and military officials have begun evacuating southern Iraq, lest an
uprising follow U.S. air strikes.
Many in the U.S. Congress have asserted the need for an "end game" that
removes Saddam Hussein from power, but thus far the U.S. has been unable to
foment or coordinate an overthrow of Hussein.  If it is to be successful,
we will not know for certain about a coup plot's existence until it is
underway.  But circumstances do hint that something may be in the works.
Baghdad has evidently noticed this, as Iraqi Foreign Minister Saeed al-
Sahhaf asserted on Tuesday that the U.S. would fail to topple the Iraqi
regime, since Hussein had the support of the Iraqi people.
The question is this: is there a real possibility of a coup in Baghdad or
is this part of U.S. psychological warfare against Iraq?  In a way, the
possibility of a coup is more reasonable an explanation for U.S. behavior
than the idea that the U.S. is going to mount an air campaign against
chemical and biological weapons.  What is not clear is whether a coup has a
real chance or whether this is just wishful thinking on the part of the
United States.  And it is not clear what Russia would do if the coup turned
into a protracted internal struggle.
To receive free daily Global Intelligence Updates or Computer Security Alerts, sign up on the web at  or send your name, organization, position, mailing address, phone number, and e-mail address to info at stratfor.com STRATFOR Systems, Inc. 3301 Northland Drive, Suite 500 Austin, TX 78731-4939
Phone: 512-454-3626 Fax: 512-454-1614 Internet:  Email: info at stratfor.com
