
@_date: 1994-08-07 08:12:11
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: A Helpful Tip for Impatient Souls 
How come? Has soda gone down or something? Or has there been an address

@_date: 1994-08-08 15:08:12
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: TOMMY THE TOURIST IS COMPROMISED DON'T USE IT 
Is this true? Or is it NSA inspired B/S? Not that I care as I use hactick and wimsey for my transmissions.

@_date: 1994-08-11 20:39:59
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Remailer Status 
Yeah, check out this post I got yesterday from alt.privacy.anon-server:
Newsgroups: alt.anonymous,alt.privacy.anon-server
The Cypherpunks' remailers allow you to send anonymous mail by adding the
header Request-Remailing-To: and sending to one of the addresses listed below.
Most (but not all) of these remailers also accept Anon-To: in place of
Request-Remailing-To.  These headers must be typed exactly as you see them;
most remailers are case-sensitive.  Mail without these headers is either
rejected or delivered to the remailer administrators.  The standard
cypherpunks anonymous remailers are:
hfinney at shell.portal.com
hal at alumni.caltech.edu
ghio at kaiwan.com
nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu
remailer at chaos.bsu.edu
remailer at rebma.mn.org
remail at vox.hacktic.nl
remailer at jpunix.com
remailer at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at
rperkins at nyx.cs.du.edu
remail at c2.org
usura at hacktic.nl
If you can not add the required headers, place two colons (::) on the very
first line of your message, then on the next line type Request-Remailing-To:
and the address you want to send anonymously to.  Skip a line, and then
begin your message.  Note that by using this method it is possible to send
a message consecutively thru more than one remailer.
Be sure to place the double colons on the first line of the message, and
skip one line following the headers.  Extra blank spaces (or forgetting to
seperate the headers and message) may cause problems.
You can add additional headers to your message by placing two number signs (
at the beginning of the first line of the message body, and then add the
special headers on subsequent lines.  The bsu remailers require that you
place the Subject: header in the body of the message, after the   The
original subject line is removed.  (remail at vox.hacktic.nl does not support
this feature.)
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu works slightly differently.  It includes an
encrypted reply block so that people can reply to your messages.  It also
requires that you use the header Anon-Send-To: to send anonymously, and
features a usenet posting service.  For more information on this remailer,
finger remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, or send mail to the remailer
with the Subject: remailer-info
remail at extropia.wimsey.com requires that you public-key encrypt your
messages with PGP.  This added security prevents a hacker or nosey
sysadmin at your site from reading your outgoing mail or finding out where
it's going.  This remailer is not directly connected to the internet,
so messages will be delayed about an hour.
Some of the other remailers support PGP as well.
For remailers which support both encryption and plaintext messages, identify
encrypted messages by adding a header which reads:  Encrypted: PGP
Encryption keys can be found below.
The remailer ghio at kaiwan.com offers many additional features, in addition to
the standard remailing commands.  Usura at hacktic.nl also supports these
features.  Adding the header "Cutmarks:" will truncate the message starting
with any line that begins with the same characters as in the Cutmarks header.
This can be used to remove an automatically-inserted signature file.  Also
supported is the header "Latent-Time:".  This allows a message to be delayed
at the remailer and sent out at a later time.  This is useful because it
prevents people from correlating the times at which certain anonymous posts
appear with the times that you are logged in.  Both absolute and relative
delays are possible.  For example, "Latent-Time: 12:00" would have the
remailer hold the message until 12:00 (noon) and then deliver it.
Times must be in 24-hour format.  "Latent-Time: +06:30" would deliver the
message six hours and thirty minutes after it is received.  The maximum
permissible delay is 24 hours.  These lines may be placed either in the
message headers, or following the double colon.  For more information on
this remailer, send mail to ghio at kaiwan.com, Subject: remailer-help
There is a pseudonym-based anonymous remailer at anon.penet.fi.  For
information on this remailer, send mail to: help at anon.penet.fi
There is another anonymous contact service at chop.ucsd.edu.  It's not as
full-featured as anon.penet.fi, but is considerably faster since it is not
burdened by such a heavy load.  For information on this remailer,
send mail to: acs-info at chop.ucsd.edu
There is a similiar service at twwells.com.  For information on this system,
send mail to anon-help at twwells.com
vox.hacktic.nl also has a anonymous account service.  For more information,
send mail to remail at vox.hacktic.nl with subject "help".
Anonymous postings to usenet can be made by sending anonymous mail to one of
the following mail-to-usenet gateways:
group.name at demon.co.uk
group.name at news.demon.co.uk
group.name at bull.com
group.name at cass.ma02.bull.com
group.name at undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca
group.name at charm.magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu
group.name at comlab.ox.ac.uk
group.name at nic.funet.fi
group.name at cs.dal.ca
group.name at ug.cs.dal.ca
group.name at paris.ics.uci.edu (removes headers)
group.name.usenet at decwrl.dec.com (Preserves all headers)
These were all verified as of August 1, but let me know if you have
problems with any of the usenet gates listed above.  Also tell me if
you know of any more of these.
The mail-to-news gateways do not anonymize messages; you must use a
remailer if you want the message to be posted anonymously.
It would also be advisable to try a post to alt.test before relying on any
such system to function as expected.  Also note the special syntax required
at dec.com
In addition, you can cross-post to several newsgroups by adding the header
Newsgroups: with the names of the groups you want to post to and sending it to
mail2news at demon.co.uk  (Use the  feature with the remailers to add the
header line)
Simple Remailing:
Chaining remailers:
Adding extra headers to the output message:
Cutmarks and delay:
The following are PGP public keys of the remailers which support encryption:
1024-bit key, Key ID B5A32F, created 1992/12/13
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Anonymous Remailer 510-bit key, Key ID 5620D5, created 1992/11/15
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Remailing Service 510/0BB437 1992/11/12
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Remailer (remailer at rebma.mn.org)
1024/BA80A9 1992/11/26
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Anonymous Remailer 1000/260935 1994/06/03
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Tommy the Tourist 512/5E6875 1994/04/25
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
512/368B41 1994/04/29
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
1024/4BB86375 1994/06/03 remailer at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.5
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
1024/FD5A2D 1994/06/16  The NEXUS-Berkeley Remailer -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Global Remail Services Ltd. 1024-bit key, Key ID 1FFADA15, created 1994/07/22
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
The operation of this system of remailers is a group effort which relies on
the contributions of many generous people.  Please do not abuse the remailers.
If you have problems with a remailer, most of the remailer operators can be
contacted by sending mail to the remailer's address without a remailing
request header.  Otherwise, follow the instructions that come in the messages
from the remailer.  Do not send complaints to postmaster site.
Most of the remailers are run by people who are not the site administrators.
Sending to postmaster or the site admins will most likely just make them
annoyed at you, and won't get your problem resolved.
If you can run an anonymous remailer, please volunteer to do so.
Software is availiable from anonymous-FTP at
soda.berkeley.edu in the directory /pub/cypherpunks/remailer/
Other remailer software is availiable at chaos.bsu.edu
in the directory /pub/cypherpunks/remailer/
or contact me and I'll send you what you need.
The software can often be run on personal accounts;
Root or sysadmin access is not required in most cases.
There are two usenet forums for discussion of anonymous remailer systems,
alt.privacy.anon-server and alt.anonymous
The cypherpunks mailing list is a forum for discussing ways to promote
privacy via cryptography.  To join, send mail to cypherpunks-request at toad.com
Additional information on the anonymous remailers is availiable from
Path: io.org!uunet.ca!uunet.ca!spool.mu.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!gatech!news-feed-1.peachnet.edu!news.duke.edu!godot.cc.duq.edu!ddsw1!panix!zip.eecs.umich.edu!newsxfer.itd.umich.edu!uunet!news.claremont.edu!kaiwan.com!usenet
Newsgroups: alt.2600,alt.privacy,alt.privacy.anon-server,alt.anonymous,alt.anonymous.messages
Organization: KAIWAN Internet (310/527-4279,818/756-0180,714/741-2920)
Lines: 5
NNTP-Posting-Host: kaiwan.kaiwan.com
Xref: io.org alt.2600:18836 alt.privacy:17773 alt.privacy.anon-server:558 alt.anonymous:216 alt.anonymous.messages:40
I guess it's FAQ time again...
If you want information on my anonymous remailer, send mail to ghio at kaiwan.com
with Subject: remailer-help
If you spell it right, the auto-reply daemon will answer you. :)

@_date: 1994-08-12 23:23:53
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: RemailerNet 
I'm not sure what other people think of the "trustworthiness" of various
remailers, but when chaining I usually bounce it through two, AND the
first leg goes offshore to hacktic which seems superably reliable. After
that, it goes to either wimsey or ghio. Be better to hacktic and then
another Euro-mailer before going back to North America, but what other
European remailers are as reliable as hacktic?

@_date: 1994-08-13 23:21:12
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Bruce Schnier Posting.... 
Anybody else notice that Bruce Schnier (author of Applied Cryptography)
appears live and well on the Internet ... at least judging from his
recent post to sci.crypt.
He did return my E-Mail admitting to be the author, so it was rather
interesting seeing someone known to us posting. sort of like seeing a
message from Sterling or Gibson (although Gibson isn't connected).

@_date: 1994-08-13 23:21:28
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Tommy the Tourist's New Home 
In article <9408140107.AA10052 at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at>,
Ok, I take it this is the one that posts directly to the USENET groups?
Well as of about 3pm EDT today they seemed to still be at ftp.soda.berkeley.edu
as I scooped a couple of files from that site at that time.

@_date: 1994-08-14 15:23:58
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Tommy the Tourist's New Home 
Ok, I'll try sending a post through myself just to see what happens.
Hmmmm...glad someone esle was having this problem. Before they moved
I tried bouncing a chained message through soda (after using the CHAIN
program to prepare it) and soda must have barfed on it as it never made
it out the other end.
Actually, in a couple of recent posts to the more obscure message bases
in USENET I sent the posts first through ghio, then through hacktic,
and from hactic through the gateway at  news.demon.co.uk. The uk gateway
seems to work flawlessly, so I'll figure on sticking with that as my
anon gateway.
You know how it is...once you find a remailer(s)/gateway combo that
works, you tend to stick with it. I find lately i've been going with
wimsey/hacktic/ghio and then out through demon.co.uk.....it seems pretty
Yeah, I'll give that a shot and see what happens.
By the way, anybody notice if the crypto archives at dsi.unimi.it are up?
I haven't been able to get through all day (Sunday).

@_date: 1994-08-22 22:13:48
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
In article <9408221335.AA00765 at snark.imsi.com>,
Not to mention the fact that without tritium, the "trigger" for nuclear
weapons (and extremely expensive and rare at $ 100m a gram) all you have
is a radioactive paperweight.

@_date: 1994-12-01 09:31:54
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: "You aren't following the _rules_!" 
Any idea as to where I can get a copy of AUTOPGP? I'm a YARN user but
would like to check it out.

@_date: 1994-12-01 09:38:57
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: AUTOPGP 
Anyone know where I can get a copy of AUTOPGP? I'd like to try it out
and see whether it has any advantages over YARN's integrated PGP functions.

@_date: 1994-12-01 22:48:08
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: DETWEILER IS SPOOFING US!!! 
I for one, resent being called a tentacle.....although it IS one notch above
being called an asshole....

@_date: 1994-12-02 08:24:31
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: First Virtual? 
>    From: paul at digicash.com ("Paul Dinnissen")
 >  >    > The more I deal with Digicash, the better First Virtual looks. My
 >    > technical preference is for using Brands or Chaum cash; at present,
 >    > though, there aren't any shipping Brands servers, and the Digicash
 >    > folks don't seem to be able to get all their socks in one bag.
 >  >    We feel somewhat troubled by these comments.   >  > As well you should.
 >  > The facts of the matter is that First Virtual currently provides a net
 > benefit by moving real value (e.g. dollars) around, and Digicash does
 > not.  Until the Digicash system can move real value, there is no
 > reason to use it.
Ok, where do we E-Mail First Virtual to get some info to begin trying the
concept out? Is there an automatic help file that can be sent or can we
access it via ftp or WWW somehow?

@_date: 1994-12-02 13:59:11
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: First Virtual? 
Ok, so what are our options, given that this company seems to think of security in terms of a plastic padlock. From corresponding posts on the
list, the only other alternative, Digicash, doesn't seem to be too
responsive to anyone's participation right now.

@_date: 1994-12-03 19:26:01
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Date for 2048 bit Keys?? 
I saw an interesting thread in alt.security.pgp about when PGP v 2.6.2 will
handle key sizes of up to 2048 bits. Someone speculated that it will take
effect in the middle of the month (ie after Dec. 15 you type pgp -kg and
it will give you four choices, the last one of up to 2048 bits).
I wasn't aware that this feature was programmed into this version of PGP. I
always thought that there was simply going to be another upgrade that would
allow the larger key sizes.
Can anyone shed some light on this???

@_date: 1994-12-04 16:46:45
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: 2048-bit keys?? 
Well, when I generated my key today, it asked for 1115 random keystrokes
and the overall generation took a good 20-25 minutes on my 486-33.
As for the keyservers, I'm not sure why they wouldn't handle them. Afterall,
I had a non-standard key before and they handled that, bak in the v 2.3a

@_date: 1994-12-11 09:13:37
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Storm Brewing Over Forged Bob Rae Posting? 
Anybody taken note of the ruckus about a forged posting from Bob Rae (the
premier of the Canadian province of Ontario)? Seems like some joker posted
a fake message from Rae through Hal's remailer at portal.
Now all the lame press (and some even LAMER USENET readers) are screaming foul.
I bet there will be renewed interest in the cypherpunk remailer's in the next
few days :>

@_date: 1994-12-11 15:47:31
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Storm Brewing Over Forged Bob Rae Posting? 
In article <199412112031.MAA21646 at netcom12.netcom.com>,
Hey, don't kid yourself! I have read comments to the extent that anon remailers
like the cypherpunks system should be BANNED! Seriously....another good reason
for putting more in Europe if possible.
Here's an idea. Someone mentioned trying to set up an anon remailer on the
North American Freenets, but it seemed there were software compatibility
Well, if we could solve the problem, assuming the Freenets in Europe use the
same software, we could set a few up in Europe ourselves from this side of the
pond. You could telnet into a Euro-Freenet (although some like Helsinki had
restrictions on members being citizens of the country) establish an account
and then e-mail the software to your account overseas.
Would this be practical? Sounds like it would be worth a shot. But again, I
guess it comes down to the software compatibility problem.

@_date: 1994-12-11 16:33:53
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Globe and Mail Article On Forged Posting 
Ok, here is the text of the story about the "Forged Bob Rae Posting" from
the Toronto Globe and Mail. An examination of the story only indicates how
far our journalists and politicians have to go in understanding the Internet!
Tories cause uproar in legislature
Rae furious after Harris distributes prank letter circulating on
- From THE GLOBE AND MAIL, Toronto, December 9, 1994 pg A6
  BY JAMES RUSK
  and MARTIN MITTELSTAEDT
  Queen's Park Bureau
TORONTO - Progressive Conservative Leader Michael Harris caused an
uproar in the Ontario Legislature yesterday by presenting a prank
letter circulating on the Internet computer system that is
purported to have been written by Premier Bob Rae.
  The computer message has Mr. Rae making tasteless references to
Ontario's Attorney-General Marion Boyd and commenting on the trial
of Karla Homolka, who was convicted in the slayings of two Ontario
  A copy of the letter obtained by The Globe and Mail warns that
"this message is NOT from the person listed in the from line. It is
from an automated software remailing service" in California. This
message was on the letter from the time the company received it and
passed it on to the computer bulletin board where Internet users
can read it, said Gwen Rachlin, director of operations for Portal
Communications of Cupertino, Calif., through which the message was
  However, the copy distributed by the Conservatives yesterday did
not contain any notice that it was a fake, and Mr. Harris made the
sensational claim that the letter could indicate a security lapse
in the Premier's Office.
  A furious Mr. Rae criticized Mr. Harris outside the legislature,
accusing him of leading to the "Americanization of Canadian
politics" through the use of "dirty tricks.
  "I really do think that Mr. Harris has reached a genuine new low.
I think it's a low that I hadn't anticipated he would hit, but in
my book he's hit it," Mr. Rae said.
  It is relatively easy for an Internet user to send fake messages
on the system, which links millions of computer users around the
  But Mr. Harris said a lapse could have occurred in the Premier's
Office, allowing someone to send the letter. Mr. Harris told
reporters that he raised the issue out of a sense of worry that
foreign governments could get on the Internet and place fake
messages about the province.
  He was quick to add that he didn't think the Premier wrote the
  "Clearly it didn't come from the Premier or anyone close to the
Premier. But it does raise the security question," Mr. Harris told
  Mr. Rae lashed out at what he called "the dirty tricks stuff, the
right-wing nonsense that he's coming up with every day. . . and
then this stuff."
  When Mr. Rae found out Mr.Harris's aides had distributed the
letter to the media, he said he couldn't believe the party "would
engage in that kind of tactic. This is unbelievable. Today, you
have managed to lower the tone of this place. "
  The Premier then stormed out, and the Speaker called a 15-minute
recess to allow the tempers of the MPPs, many of whom were shouting
at each other, to cool.  It was the last day of this sitting of the
  The copy of the letter distributed by the Tories to the media had
the obscene references blacked out, although Mr. Harris had given
Mr.Rae an original copy.   A press release issued by the Conservatives referred to Mr. Rae
as "road-kill on the Information Highway," and exulted, "Internet
Bob: the hacker is hacked. "
  Mr. Rae called these comments "bizarre."
  The phony message, which was posted on Saturday in a computer
bulletin board called ont.general, was discovered by the Premier's
Office on Tuesday, but the office decided that it could do nothing
about it. Mr. Rae recently announced that he had an address on the
  Ont.general is a computer bulletin board on which Internet users
discuss life and public issues in the province, said Larry Sherman,
president of Internet Seminars of Woodbridge.
  A message can be removed from the board only by whoever posted
it, and it was decided that to make a fuss about it would draw
unnecessary attention to it, an official in the Premier's Office
  The official, who asked not to be named, said the office has not
launched an investigation into where the message came from.
  Ms. Rachlin said the company received a call from police about
the letter yesterday afternoon. But she said the company had
already had "some incidents" with the source of the message. She
added that she was ready to co-operate with the police.
  The source of the message was an account that provides a service
that allows people anonymous access to the Internet, she said.
  Mr. Sherman said it is very easy to post a false message on a
bulletin board and to make it appear that it came from a computer
different from the one that sent it.
  By going through a California bulletin board, "obviously someone
has gone way out of their way to send that in," Mr. Sherman
  Even so, the message can be traced, said Rick Broadhead, co-
author of The Canadian Internet Handbook. "If they [the sender]
have gone through a service, it is going to take some more work to
trace it," Mr. Broadhead said. But looking at the log records of
the computer service, police can follow the message back to the
originating computer.
  The use by the Conservatives of the fake letter again puts the
spotlight on the party.
  Last months, the Tories played pranks at an NDP convention
sending in a camera crew that shot pictures ridiculing Mr. Rae,
including a doctored video sequence that seemed to give the Premier
a stutter. The picture were broadcast as dinner-time entertainment
at a Conservative convention the same weekend.    The Tories also bought a copy of a labour bill sold at an NDP
fund raising and paraded it around their convention like captured

@_date: 1994-12-13 21:34:32
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Encrypted Credit Card Numbers For Transmission.... 
I thought about this recently when I bought a subscription to Wired for X-Mas
for a friend.
Why don't organizations like Wired (who are ostensibly closely connected to
the 'net) not have public keys (ie through Viacrypt, as they are a commercial
enterprise) that subscription purchasers could encrypt a credit card number
to them, and then e-mail that cyphertext file to them for processing. The
company could then snail mail to the purchaser confirmation of the cc purchase
just like what happens for a  credit card phone purchase.
It seems straightforward or am I missing something? I mean, PGP is extremely
widespread, and other organizations encrypt data for transmission between
points with DES, so use of encryption is hardly a novel concept for business
to swallow (particularly a magazine like Wired, who likely have a reasonably
encryption knowledgeable readership or potential readership).
Routine use of encryption at this simple level would likely get the ball
rolling in the direction of other endeavors, like e-cash, or at worst
become another convenience for the customer and allow encryption and the
'net to gain wider acceptance.

@_date: 1994-12-15 18:42:28
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: The End of the Forged Post Controversey 
It would appear that the "Bob Rae Forgery" had its standard 15 minutes of fame:
Newsgroups: eye.news,ont.general,alt.internet.media-coverage
Organization: eye -- Toronto's Arts Newspaper
Lines: 160
Approved: eye at interlog.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: gold.interlog.com
Summary: Ontario PC leader pulls net.related bonehead political stunt
Xref: io.org eye.news:307 ont.general:20751 alt.internet.media-coverage:2470
eye WEEKLY                                            December 15 1994
Toronto's arts newspaper                      .....free every Thursday
EYE.NET                                                        EYE.NET
                      MIKE HARRIS: ROASTED ALIVE
 Clueless PC leader mercilessly flamed for net-related political stunt
                                  by
                             K.K. CAMPBELL
On Dec 8, provincial PC leader Mike Harris stood in the Legislature and
introduced a copy of a post to the newsgroup ont.general -- a public
forum where anything of general interest to Ontarians is discussed.
The post in question was signed "Bob Rae." It talked about the sexual
orientation of Marion Boyd, the Karla Homolka case, and a few other
things. Harris wasn't claiming Rae actually wrote it, he was suggesting
it was proof of a serious "security violation" in government computer
systems. Simulataneously, the PCS issued a press release entitled "Our
Premier: Roadkill on the Information Highway."
We regularly warn Our Faithful Readers about eyeNET's Rule When
strangers approach wielding the "highway metaphor," run. Do not speak with
them. Do not make eye contact. Last week, eyeNET predicted many new and entertaining adventures could
result from Ontario's premier getting online. We expected the
shenanigans would come from anonymous net.weenies and assorted loons,
not Mike Harris.
                          ARTIFICIAL BOB
It began innocently on Sunday Dec 3, at 1:22:41 a.m. (EST), when an
anonymous individual posted a message called "Greetings to People of
Ontario's Information Highway" to ont.general . It was faked so the
"From:" line said "premier at govonca.gov.on.ca", Rae's office.
Ontarians read it. Ontarians ignored it. The general response was best
 "Am I the
only one getting tired of [these spoof posts]?  OK, the first couple
were funny, but this is getting really tedious."
No one thought it was from Rae. No one thought it was from "hackers
invading government computers."
Netters just looked at the PATH line and could see the post worked its way
to Ontario from a California computer. On top of that, in the header it
plainly says: "This message is NOT from the person listed in the from
line. It is from an automated software remailing service..." Fake posts are part of net.life, but this one wasn't even a "forgery" (a
real attempt to pretend to be someone else), it was a "spoof" (an
"imitation" no one is expected to believe). A parody. Hardly a "security
violation," unless Harris thinks all political impersonators represent
"security violations." What if terminally dense Americans thought
impersonator Dana Carvey really _was_ George Bush? Oh my GAWD! Call the
cops! Rae's staff had noticed the fake post. Like the rest of the
net.community, they just ignored it. After all, even the stupidest
elements of the net community hadn't been fooled... why worry?
They didn't account for Mike Harris. Five days later Harris issued his now
famous "Roadkill" press release which includes the line "Internet Bob: the
hacker is hacked." PC press secretary, Peter Varney, told eye the Conservatives weren't
trying to score political points. They sincerely thought this harmless
post was a "threat to Ontario's security" -- though Varney couldn't
explain why Harris attempted to grandstand. And it's exactly that attempt
to make political points from the matter that most angers Ontario netters.
Sensationalization and playing on the ignorance of the press (which was as
rampant as ever). The PCs swear they never saw the very explicit disclaimer in the fake
Rae post because the newsreader of the person who "slipped" them this
oh-so-dangerous document edited out most header information. It's
plausible -- many newsreaders chop stuff from headers (headers contain
info to help direct and organize posts for ease of reading). But
ignorance hardly excuses Harris.
In our conversation, Varney, trying to save face, actually suggested the
simple ability to make a spoof post (and fool Mike Harris, I guess) is
still a "security threat." So what are they asking Rae to do about it?
Call in the OPP and stormtroop around cyberspace?                        THE NET STRIKES BACK
The net.community's responses in ont.general have been a virtually unanimous condemnation of Harris.
Several threads (i.e., discussions) developed, the longest one entitled
"MIKE HARRIS IS SLIME." It originated with Brampton's Evan Leibovitch
(evan at telly.on.ca), who wrote he didn't blame the "impersonator"
because "children will be children", but "the people who fed this item
to Harris are absolute assholes... My respect for Harris and the
Ontario PCs has just taken a nosedive, and I hope the scum who were
behind this realize that they have scored *NO* political points for
pulling this stunt."
In another thread, Toronto's Jamie Mason (g1jmason at cdf.toronto.edu)
 "Anyone who has been on the net for more than about FIVE MINUTES
would realize that the message was a forgery.  Anyone who has been on
the net for more that about TEN minutes wouldn't even take notice of
the message."
T. Kim Nguyen (kim at algorithmics.com) likened the Harris bluff to "the
way he paraded the woman quitting her job to go on welfare last year.
His antics of the last few weeks trying to make the NDP look bad have
simply succeeded in showing how much of a ridiculous opportunist he
                             GENUINE BOB
Late Friday afternoon (Dec 9, 5:24 pm), the Premier of Ontario
(premier at govonca.gov.on.ca) issued his first real post to ont.general.
It was called "Thanks" and read, in its entirety:
"Many thanks to those of you who flamed the PC pranksters.  I knew when
I went online that I would have to deal with fake posts and related
chaff.  That's the price of being on the Net.  I'm not about to delete
my account.  I still want to hear from people with *real* concerns and
*real* suggestions." Signed: "Bob*The Genuine Article*Rae"
eye called the premier's office. They confirm it's real.
The premier's office made it clear it won't launch any investigation as
to where the parody post came from -- and for that it should be
applauded. I've talked with many people who don't understand the net
and when something they don't like happens they invariably respond:
"I'm going to shut the Internet down!" The Rae team is doing it's best
to fit into the net.community, not remake it.
Varney, on the other hand, says the PCs will actively pursue anyone who
"impersonates" Mike Harris online.
                           FRESH ROADKILL!
Oh no! Look! Just spotted in ont.general! A breach in PC security!!
Alert! Alert! Call the newsmedia!
On Dec 10, "Mike Harris" supposedly posted a missive called "Mike
Harris Fights Back - Kiss My Ass Rae!" to the net. It reads, in part:
"You listen here Rae, my sources informed me that your article was on
the level. You sleazy NDP wimps are more than capable of resorting to
cheap shots like this, so I thought I'd pin one on your grain-fed
ass... DAMN I'm mad!!!"
Signed: "Mike Harris, Progressive Consevative (sic) Party of Ontario."
Retransmit freely in cyberspace        Author holds standard copyright
Issues of eye in archive                         gopher://interlog.com
Coupla Mailing lists available             eye at interlog.com      "Break the Gutenberg Lock..."       416-971-8421

@_date: 1994-12-18 15:40:31
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Remailer at myriad.pc.cc.cmu.edu?? 
I take it the above remailer has bitten the dust? I didn't see it in Ralph's
last list.

@_date: 1994-12-18 20:57:10
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Storm Brewing Over Forged Bob Rae Posting? 
In article ,
Well I have an account on the Cleveland Freenet. Fire me over the necessary
files with the instructions and we'll see pretty quickly whether its doable
or not.
I guess we'll also find out real fast (if it works) how long the freenet
authorities will let it keep running...

@_date: 1994-12-22 19:24:27
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
In article <199412230045.TAA21904 at thor.cs.umass.edu>,
GROAN! What the hell is this list about anyway?????? I think we are losing
perspective about encryption, privacy etc etc...
Putting it quite simply, the individual was asking about how to make an attack
on an opponent. Whether that opponent is a girlfriend, spouse, competitor or
terrorist group, who cares? Lets save the sermonizing for Ann Landers...what
state the relationship is irrelevant.
The gentleman asked a question regarding a standard cryptographic problem...
how you can intercept and interpret encrypted information, either in theory
in practice. To make judgement calls is WAY out of line and a hell of a bad
precedent for this group.
I bet the poster would have gotten a more sympathetic response if he said he
had gotton his hands on a diplomatic cable....
Oh boy! Pretty soon we will have this list as "cypherpunks giving advice to
the lovelorn..."!!! Lets cut the crap, stick to the problem at hand and
offer solutions to what the participants of the list know best, namely the
the use and analysis of cryptographic problems.
Save the relationship bullshit for Masters and Johnson....
Sure, from a disspassionate point of view, I agree. But I thought that the
whole point of this list was the promotion of PGP and the discussion of
the pro's and con's of encryption in general. That should include attacking
as well as defense.
Since, how can you rationally discuss defense unless you know what kind of
attack your opponents can mount against you???????

@_date: 1994-12-22 23:06:38
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
In article ,
And the defense thereof.....
Gee...I guess we shouldn't get too concerned when gov't agencies try to
break OUR communications on a large scale ...or maybe the cypherpunk
system of remailers were set up just as a hobby...
Sorry....I'm Canadian......and sure. He wanted to sneak into his partners
files. What a strange cryptographic concept that happens to be....
Yup! Alls fair in luv...or WAR! If you aren't prepared to play the game,
then stay at home!!
Just like the Japanese were entitled to THEIR privacy before Midway, eh?

@_date: 1994-12-22 23:06:39
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
Oh goody! Now we are getting a judgement call with respect to how cryptography
in general aids "the greater good".
Do you suppose the NSA makes the same call when they do routine traffic
analysis or try to bust a suspiciously (to them) encrypted message??????
Ummmm...excuse me...."the cypherpunks are an informal group of people
interested in teaching and learning about cryptography. They also
experiment with cryptography and try to put it into use"
from Applied Cryptography by Bruce Schnier....pg 445.
That to me indicates that the members of this list should be at least
remotely interested in the subject of attacks as well as defense as you
can't defend aginst something unless the method of attack has been discussed.
GROAN! (again) And how, pray tell, do we go about protecting ourselves
against others if we are not prepared to discuss what sort of attacks
may be mounted against us?????
Like I alluded to before, I bet if it was a case of someone trying to
descramble something like skipjack to try and discover something about
National Security (ours OR theirs) I bet the members of this list
would have fallen all over themselves trying to help the original poster.
I don't recall seeing too much in the waqy of condemnation of the guy that
posted RC4 to this list ..... but as soon as we see something that touches
close to home like male/female relationships, the shit hits the fan!!!!!
And in my opinion what the original poster was no different than the British
attack on "Enigma" or the American attack on "Purple".

@_date: 1994-12-22 23:06:40
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
Like the agencies we worry the most about.....? FBI...CIA...NSA...etc???

@_date: 1994-07-31 12:59:00
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Soda.Berekely Mailer Up...Or Down??? 
Is the remailer at soda.berkeley up now? I've had a couple of messages
returned from that site saying it was down or something.

@_date: 1994-06-12 10:34:02
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Remailer List & Numbers Request 
Could someone tellme where I can find a current list of the remailers
and their related numbers? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Mark Terka     | werewolf at io.org             | public key (werewolf) at
Toronto,Canada | dg507 at cleveland.freenet.edu | pgp-public-keys at demon.co.uk

@_date: 1994-06-18 16:33:26
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Chaining Help? 
Could someone give me some advice on chaining? I'm thinking of bouncing
a message fisrt thru hacktic and then soda (as you can Usenet post from
there) but need some tips as i seem to have trouble getting the encryption
sequences correct.

@_date: 1994-11-20 20:17:51
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: 1st Draft Mixmaster chaining instructions 
Where does one pick up a compiled copy of Mixmaster? I assume it can be run
under DOS from a PC?

@_date: 1994-11-21 12:27:19
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: McGill students plan anonymous email gateway to protect privacy 
What do you mean? How does changing the code take away their privacy? Like
an unauthorized "search and seizure"?
Excellent! Maybe a few of them should start subscribing to the Cypherpunks
remailing list to pick up a few more tips on PGP and remailing in general.
(ie To: majordom at toad.com
    Subject: Subscribe
cypherpunks mail list             <========== in body of message)
The McGill admin has likely screwed up by raising the students consciousness
regarding encryption and privacy issues. A good analogy would be trying to
put out a fire by pouring gasoline on it...
Good luck to them then. PGP messages can be concealed in blocks of ASCII
characters. And as for banning anon mail, how the hell are they going to
do that???? But shutting down all the phone lines leading into the McGill

@_date: 1994-11-21 12:55:20
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Anonymous methods, WRT first shots at CMU 
No kidding! As soon as you make sex more "verboten" then people immediately
search for ways to circumvent the ban.
Well, I think it will be the trigger hopefully generates more remailer's
in Europe. So far we only (since the evident demise of wein) have usura's remailers in the Netherlands. It would be nice if more were placed overseas,
beyond the reach of U.S. pressure.
At least being able to add another couple in a chain (before your message
hits the U.S. remailers like underdog, jpunix, portal, et al) should
lessen the danger of ultimate compromise of your identity even further. I
suspect the Euro-remailer operators would likely just be able to thumb
their nose at whatever cries of outrage eminate from this side of the pond.
That would be a switch...Europe "liberating" North America! :>

@_date: 1994-11-21 19:42:13
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Cell Phones Security?? 
As one who will be shopping for a cell phone in the next week, what should
I look for in terms of security? What features are available in phones on
the market....if any?

@_date: 1994-11-26 23:09:14
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Bobby Rae's Internet Address 
According to the Toronto Globe and Mail, Sat. November 26/94 edition, we
now have another politician to lobby online.
Ontario Premier Bob Rae has publicly advised that his Internet address is
premier at gov.on.ca
I'm sure that all  citizens of the Internet will welcome Premier Rae and his
efforts to bring Ontario online and into the 21st century.
And I'm equally sure the cypherpunk anonymous remailer system will get used
more frequently.....:>

@_date: 1994-11-29 06:57:46
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: "You aren't following the _rules_!" 
In article <3ymskKjqR8A3073yn at skypoint.com>,
Thats just it....I can't speak for Tim's setup but in DOS you have a couple of
mailreaders (YARN and PGPBLU) that make signing and encrytion of messages
a snap, assuming you can run some sort of SOUP/QWK routine to pull your mail.
Then, sign OR encrypt whatever you need offline and u/l it back into the
system. Hell, I even use YARN to push encrypted & chained messages through
the remailer system, and it works like a charm.
Since I can't see anyone maintaining their secret keys online (unless they
consider the sysadmins ULTRA trustworthy), offline processing of messages
is the path to follow. Simple, VERY quick and easy to implement with a couple
of keystrokes.
Offline mail processing fits the criteria needed to nudge digital signatures
and encryption overall into the mainstream, due to its speed and ease of use
(ie not having to leave the mailreader program to use PGP). Keeping the use
of signing/encrypting to one step is what makes it work.

@_date: 1994-11-29 15:34:20
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: CFV on Signing Posts To List? 
It seems like we have a pretty good thread on the for/against arguments re:
digitally signing articles posted to the list.
Perhaps we should allow it to run its course over the next 48 hrs, and then
Eric could circulate a form like the following Friday morning (ie Dec 2):

@_date: 1994-11-29 22:44:19
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Fighting Censorship at Canadian Universities 
Used to be that Universities were bastions of free thought and discussion.
Guess not nowadays, if this E-Mail to me earlier today is any indication:

@_date: 1994-11-30 17:09:08
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Keyserver at kub.nl 
Anyone know if this server is down? I didn't see it in the most recent edition
of the FAQ and it hasn'r responded to requests lately.

@_date: 1994-11-30 18:59:41
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Warm, fuzzy, misleading feelings 
In article <199412010119.RAA06900 at python>,
I'm not entirely sure, but I thought that 90% of the "anti-sig" argument was
that it was a pain in the ass because the tools did not exist on some machines
to allow relatively seamless signing for some users (in a secure fashion).
If thats the case.....isn't it an equal pain in the ass to go to the trouble of
forging a sig? :> You would likely have to go through more key strokes and
other routines to forge one. Why not just play by the rules and sign a

@_date: 1994-10-01 15:01:49
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: PGP 2.6.2?? 
I saw in alt.security.pgp recently that a new release of PGP was due in
the next few days from MIT. Evidently this version will handle the generation
of keys of up to 2048 bits.
Can anyone substantiate this?

@_date: 1994-10-02 18:26:43
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: List Down? 
Is the list down or is there nothing to talk about? I think I've gotten
one message inthe last 36 hours.

@_date: 1994-09-05 18:03:48
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Remailer at Wein? 
Is the remailer at remailer at ds1.wu-wein.ac.at up and running? Test messages to that site kept bouncing.
Also, how do I get ahold of that remailer's public key for encrypting messages through them?

@_date: 1994-09-05 22:19:27
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: How Did This Get Done? 
Ok...ok....ignore the content of the following. I'm not interested in flames
about narrow mindedness or whatever, I'm just interested in how the poster
was able to pull the following off....
I picked this up from a post in alt.sex.stories (and yeah....man does not
live on talk.politics.crypto alone :>) :

@_date: 1994-09-17 17:56:10
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: RC4 article in Saturday (Sept 17) New York Times 
In article <199409171254.IAA02911 at pipe1.pipeline.com>,
I'd like one if you could manage.
Bet they haven't heard of the anon remailer system! :>

@_date: 1994-09-18 10:48:51
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Chaining Remailers 
A good article but I thought most us were using the CHAIN.EXE program,
available via ftp from the cypherpunk archives at berkeley. It automates
chaining, making it a snap to chain (with pgp) through as many remailers
as you like.

@_date: 1995-02-03 21:09:35
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Wired Institutes PGP Usage For Subscriptions.... 
Got this message in my mailbox a week after I posted the query of magazine
subscriptions via encrypted cc  I'll check it out tonight, as I want to
order a subscription for a friend.

@_date: 1995-02-13 19:35:13
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: The NSA 
In article <199502132058.PAA01939 at bb.hks.net>,
Is that sort of thing like being paid a visit by "The Enforcers" of "Forever
Knight" fame? :>

@_date: 1995-01-01 14:54:07
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: The Code Breaker's Work Bench? 
I saw someone mention this program on sci.crypt once. Its supposed to be
an aid to those trying to break a cypher. Does anybody know the ftp site it is located on? unimi.it perhaps?

@_date: 1995-01-01 18:55:05
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: The Code Breaker's Work Bench? 
In article <199501020148.UAA23008 at bwh.harvard.edu>,
Ok....I thought it was more generic than that.
To mount an attack on an opponent requires specific programs oriented
toward the cypher in question. Can anyone suggest what programs / tools
may be out there for cypher busting?
I'm just curious....and no, I'm not planning on reading my girlfirend's
mail :>. I'm just interested in the methods exist in the real world. Hell, I'd
even be interested in a program to bust Enigma. That would give a basic example
or idea of how codebreakers operate on a day to day basis.

@_date: 1995-01-02 01:46:07
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Anonymous payment scheme 
....best time for ideas....between sleep and wakefulness.....:>
Why jump through the hoops Visa or M/C would send you through if its a DEBIT
card??? You don't need them for something like that, simply the acceptance of the Internet community, that credits from another user drawn on the Cypherpunk Bank would be accepted.....which leads to your next
Sounds good.....and practical. ANY citizen in the world deposits with your
"Bank" legal tender in an account. US dollars would likely fit the bill as
they are pretty well accepted from North America to North Korea (black market
maybe.....but still accepted :>).
Then, when someone presents to your Bank proof of purchase/transfer etc
(a digitally signed message with your PGP Key perhaps?) then you transfer
a dollar figure from one account to another ...... assuming both purchaser
and seller have accounts atthe Cypherpunk Bank.
If the purchaser does.....but the SELLER doesn't, then (if so desired by
the seller) you have three choices:
   1) open an account, f/o (favour of.....sorry....I'm a Banker so pardon
      my lapsing now and agin into our jargon) of the seller, transferring
      in the requisite amount of US $ for the seller's later use (ie...
      then HE goes out and buys something over the 'Net).
   2) wire to the sellers account (overseas?) through a correspondent bank
      to the sellers bank where he has an account the US $.
   3) mail a draft in the appropriate US $ to the seller's designated address
      .....either snail mail or Fed Express, or whatever courier is selected.
Dunno....I'm in Canada. But I know that U.S. banking arrangements are
medieaval so I doubt it.
See above :>
Sure.....Canada right now has a fully operational debit card system in place.
You go to a supplier to make a purchase and they run your bank card through
a machine just like your credit card for the purchase. Difference being, $$$
from your chequing account are debited, as opposed to to the line of credit
on your credit card being debited. You have dollars in the bank sufficient for the purchase, then no problem.
Its a perfectly workable scheme....IF...the BANK in question is trusted as
the medium of exchange. Thats the ONLY thing stopping its implementation,
namely having a trusted institution to handle the deposits/transfers.
Lets put it this way, I think the scheme would have ALOT more acceptance if
you as a seller presented your invoice for settlement at Chase Manhattan or
Bank of Montreal as opposed to the Cypherpunk Bank :>. Sure it is....co-ordinating the infastructure would be interesting, but doable. The main thing is....is it economically viable for the institution
in question? Would there be enough commerce doneover the 'Net to justify
implementation of the supporting infrastructure (ie Internet hook-up's,
training of staff, etc).
Once there exists a demand for the service, coupled with a reasonable rate
of return to the Bank for provision of the service, then you'll see ALL
the top 20 banks in the world do it.
Until then, nobody will do it simply because the Cypherpunks think it is
a good idea. :>

@_date: 1995-01-21 15:48:40
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Freenet Remailers (Again) 
I keep periodically asking this question, but has any progress been made on
making the remailer software compatible with the remailer software found on
The question is even more pertinent now that we seem to be having a problem
maintaining a satisfactory number of remailers operational and reliable. Is
there any consensus as to whether it can be done  or not? I'd give it a shot
using my Cleveland account to see how workable it is (ie, how long it takes
for the Freenet operators to shut it down :>).

@_date: 1995-01-22 14:07:16
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Another Book By Schneier... 
Saw this on one of the cryptography conferences.....
                E-MAIL SECURITY WITH PGP AND PEM:
          HOW TO KEEP YOUR ELECTRONIC MESSAGES PRIVATE
                 ...a new book by Bruce Schneier
                     John Wiley & Sons, 1995
                       ISBN  0-471-05318-X
                             $24.95
The world of e-mail is the world of postcards.  Between you and
your correspondents may lurk a foreign government, a business
competitor, an overzealous law enforcement agency, or even just a
nosy neighbor.  The problem is, all of these potential
eavesdroppers, given fairly simple access tools, can read your
messages as easy as a postal worker can read your postcards.
E-MAIL SECURITY is about protecting electronic mail fm spies,
interlopers, and spoofs--people who may want to destroy, alter,
or just look at your private communications.  The book shows how
you can protect the financial information, contract negotiations,
or personal correspondence you entrust to public or private
networks--and it shows how this protection is available right
now, with free or inexpensive software.
The book discusses PGP and PEM: how they work, how they are
different, and how to choose which one is right for you.
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
Part I:  Privacy and Electronic Mail
     Chapter 1:     The Problem
     Chapter 2:     Encryption
     Chapter 3:     Key Management
     Chapter 4:     Authentication
     Chapter 5:     Certificates
     Chapter 6:     Keeping Your Private Key Private
     Chapter 7:     Odds and Ends
     Chapter 8:     Patents, Governments, and Export Laws
Part II:  Achieving Electronic-Mail Privacy
     Chapter 9:     Requirements and Features
     Chapter 10:    Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM)
     Chapter 11:    Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)
     Chapter 12:    Comparing PGP and PEM
     Chapter 13:    Attacks Against PGP and PEM
Appendix A:    Pretty Good Privacy
Appendix B:    Privacy Enhanced Mail
If you are interested in a copy of E-MAIL SECURITY, please send a
check for $25 + $5 postage (ask for rates abroad) to:
     Bruce Schneier
     730 Fair Oaks Ave
     Oak Park, IL  60302
The book won't be available until at least the end of the month,
so please be patient.

@_date: 1995-01-28 07:59:04
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Encrypted Magazine Subscriptions Via E-Mail? 
I posed this question in alt.wired. Am I missing something obvious as to
why Wired (or magazines in general) don't do this to make subscribing
Why doesn't Wired if it is sooooooo hooked in the online culture have a
PGP public key that 'net users could use to send in their credit card
numbers for subscriptions?
Its a hell of alot easier than mailing in a cheque or money order. And just
as safe. Wired could have an electronic "form" you could request for them,
to which the public key is attached. You type in the info on the form (ie
name, address, phone number, credit card number etc etc) and encrypt it
and send it to their e-mail address for subscriptions.
Wired then fires off a followup message to the e-mail address from which it
came. Obviously if the address bounces, then the subscription is cancelled.
Or it can also snailmail a subscription  confirmation to the persons adress.
Whatever. I just think it would be an easier, on-line way of doing things.
They could use Via Crypt, the commercial PGP version, in keeping with
the widespread use of PGP on the net.
Personally, I think that IF major enterprises like Wired would use a PGP
application in subscriptions it would contribute greatly to the use of
PGP awareness on the 'net. And that I thought was one of the cypherpunk
items on the agenda.

@_date: 1996-07-22 08:10:31
@_author: Mark Terka 
@_subject: Does JPUNIX  Remailer Have a Help File? 
Anybody know if the nym server at jpunix has a help file that can be
