
@_date: 1994-08-28 13:55:53
@_author: Michael Pierson 
@_subject: Cash, cheaters, and anonymity 
Uhh... I think it works out to something _roughly_ on the order of
1.69858109312_E_12749, give or take a few centillion^42s and change.

@_date: 1994-09-25 10:58:10
@_author: Michael Pierson 
@_subject: TIS, SKE, & CyberCash Inc. 
Also worthwhile is the article on page 40 which discusses Trusted
Information Systems' software-key escrow proposal.  After seeing it
I decided to hunt down the TIS Software Key Escrow paper at
ftp://ftp.tis.com/pub/crypto/ske.  It makes for interesting
reading	on the kinder, gentler, sugar-coated incarnation of key
escrow that we're likely to be seeing more of.  Sugar-coated or not,
it still has poison inside.
TIS's proposal is even more noteworthy considering their affiliation
with the CyberCash Inc. venture written about in the 09/13/94 WSJ
article posted here several days ago (ie. $whois cybercash.com = TIS).
So, one of the leading proposals for SKE comes from a company
involved with one of the leading digicash ventures.  It looks like
TIS is a company to watch.
The TIS SKE paper asserts that:
Well, hell will freeze over before it is accepted by this citizen.
Those who have seen how RICO and the Forfeiture Law have run
amok in this country have no reason to feel sanguine about the
potential future abuses of key escrow.  I don't expect the statutory
limitations on its misuse to be any more reliable than the search
and seizure limitations or due process requirements of the Forth and
Fifth Amendments which have been vitiated over the past decade or so.
And the prospect that the surveillance state infrastructure which the
Friends of Big Brother (FOBBs) are trying to put into place today
will be available for potentially more tyrannical leaders that may appear in the future, even more inimical to liberty, privacy and personal sovereignty than the current ones, is not a comforting thought.

@_date: 1994-09-27 17:33:52
@_author: Michael Pierson 
@_subject: TIS, SKE, & CyberCash Inc. 
Of course the State's current interest has little to do with these legitimate issues. All the government rhetoric about "voluntary" encryption standards is a smokescreen. I believe those who don't want
to eventually see government *dictated* key escrow, and the outlawing of alternatives should not let themselves be lulled by it.  A case in point is Tony Clark's draft legislation proposal for the
"Encryption Standards and Procedures Act" from the House Committee
on Science, Space, and Technology.  In the preamble we have the sole
reassuring mention of "voluntary":
Then in the Findings and Purposes section it starts to get at the
crux of the real agenda:
This primary agenda is restated in the Requirements subsection under Federal Encryption Standards:
Later on, in the Definitions section, the term "electronic
information" for the purposes of the legislation is defined in what
I find to be an ominously expansive way:
     source, or destination of any information in any electronic
     form and in any medium which has not been specifically      authorized by a Federal statute or an Executive Order to be
     kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign
     policy and which is stored, processed, transmitted or      otherwise communicated, domestically or internationally, in
     an electronic communications system..."
What does "voluntary" really mean in the context of the repeatedly
stated need to provide for "public safety and national security"?
Does it mean that those who are the putative threats to said "public safety and national security" may volunteer to participate??  I can
see them lining up right now.  But then, I sure as hell don't plan
to volunteer either.  Uh oh, I guess that makes me suspect.  The
more I think about it, the more ludicrous and derisible this
pretense of "voluntary" becomes. How can someone not _want_ to volunteer to "contribute to public
safety and national security?" If you can succeed in imposing this
framework on the issue, then dealing with the heretics is so much
easier.  I certainly concur with that feeling.  The wheels are definitely
turning.  They are racing to get the fundamentals in place in
advance of social and technical developments that might make their
job more difficult in the future. I wouldn't be surprized to see some cyberspatial version of the Reichstag fire come along as a goad to stampede the body politic into rash action on this issue. Perhaps
a series of such incidents involving a spectrum of the usual bogeymen in a way so as to push the hot buttons of the widest possible As time goes by the constituency that could oppose their actions
grows. Concurrent developments in software and DSP technology are opening the window of opportunity for affordable consumer products that could provide secure, real-time public-key encryption of voice
and data communications. Once people have the knowledge and the tools
in their hands, they are much less inclined to accept ignorance as strength.  Which is why it is urgent that we do what we can to spread
the knowledge and forge the tools while the time is ripe.
It sure ain't my idea of the millennium...

@_date: 1995-12-08 12:21:20
@_author: Michael Pierson 
@_subject: "Information Technology for Control of Money Laundering" 
I've just finished perusing the Office of Technology Assessment's
"Information Technology for Control of Money Laundering"
.  It's an
informative and fascinating document for anyone interested in the
issues of money laundering and its implications for the future of
digital currency, as well as its increasing role as an important
rationale in promoting government surveillance agendas. Broken into seven chapters, this document provides a valuable overview
of the subject from the government's perspective.
1. "Electronic Money Laundering" covers the ABCs of money
laundering and its connection to drug trafficking, terrorism and the
global underground economy.  It traces the relevant statutory history
from the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 onward. 2. "Mechanisms of Wire Transfer" examines the basics of wire transfers
and the details of the FEDWIRE, CHIPS and SWIFT systems.
3. "Money Laundering and Law Enforcement" examines the laws and regulations involved and the various Federal and State Agency roles
and responsibilities.
4. "Technologies for Detecting Money Laundering" is particularly
interesting.   It discusses the FinCEN Artificial Intelligence System
(FAIS), and AI approaches including Expert Systems, Link Analysis,
Neural Network techniques, Machine Learning and various statistical
modeling methods.
5. "Privacy and Confidentiality" covers different investigative
prerogatives, the legal history and case law of privacy jurisprudence,
aspects of individual and corporate confidentiality, etc...
6. "International Issues" explores off-shore banking, international
law enforcement efforts like the Financial Action Task Force (FATF)
and the subject of bilateral and multilateral cooperative agreements
and conventions.
7. "Conclusions and Policy Options" discusses money laundering and the
world economy, and various policy directions for the future as well as
the type of monitoring regimes that might be established.  It pays
particular attention to the subject of the future impact of digital
money, observing:  "As alternative modes of electronic payment, e.g., "digital cash",
 develop, whatever precedents are set for access to wire transfers
 might also be applied to these alternatives.  If not, digital cash,
 or "the electronic purse" may provide another channel for dirty
 money, so that monitoring of wire transfers will no longer be
 effective."
I noticed that major network news reports on the "growing threat" of
money laundering were particularly evident in close temporal
conjunction to the wide public coverage of the latest FBI CALEA
revelations.  Just coincidence, I guess...
Bonus: While your there you might want to (if you haven't yet) pick up
another OTA document entitled "Electronic Surveillance in a Digital
Age"  which provides some useful additional government position
tracking data on the legal and technical aspects of CALEA.  It's
available in both text and PDF  formats. - -Michael

@_date: 1995-02-10 04:55:05
@_author: Michael Pierson 
@_subject: The question is moot: 
666 and 1984.  Talk about irony.
Let's see... Fourth Amendment:
 "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses,
  papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures,
  shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon
  probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly
  describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to
  be seized."
What part of "shall not be violated" does Justice White not get?
Obscured in White's casuistry is the fact that if evidence from
improper searches can be admitted, then the Fourth Amendment itself
is largely made "moot."  White's "this shit don't stink" sophism
Uh Huh...
[ The rest of Justice White's police state apologia omitted.]
This is actually one of the arguments that some proponents of the
bill were using during the House Floor Debate that I was watching on
CSPAN.  If this were the case, then I wondered: Why were they so
intent to pass the bill in the first place??
I don't think that the codification of this earlier Fourth Amendment evisceration in federal statute is something I would characterize as moot.  I would regard it as a pretty sickening development even if it only added insult to injury.  Unfortunately, I doubt that the 666 seal of approval will fail to further contribute to the ongoing destruction of our rights to privacy and due process in this country.
- -Michael

@_date: 1995-11-13 15:45:44
@_author: Michael Pierson 
@_subject: coding and nnet's 
I just greped through "Abstracts in Cryptology" back to 1980 and
"Computer and Communications Security Reviews" up until September
1994 searching for the terms "neural" and "genetic."  The results below
show no evidence of research into the use of neural networks applied
to problems of cryptanalysis (in contrast to genetic algorithms). They
do however indicate their potential utility in such areas as transaction
and traffic analysis, as well as some types of biometric identity
I wouldn't be surprised to learn of somebody like FinCEN using
neural-net systems to do pattern analysis on funds transfers and
the like, or the NRO or NSA investing research money into investigating
the usefulness of NNs for image processing or for scanning raw ELINT,
SIGINT or COMINT data.  In fact, I'd be quite surprised if they weren't.
While NNs may not be of direct relevance to cryptanalysis, I suspect
they are, or will be, of great relevance to the task of identifying
what communications should be cryptanalyzed or otherwise scrutinized.
Especially given the high volume of traffic our 'thinkpol' aspire to
be able to listen to.
 `The use of genetic algorithms in cryptanalysis'
 RA  Matthews, Cryptologia  v  17  no 2 (April 93) pp  187  - 201
 The author presents a genetic system for solving simple
 transpositions.  Candidate column orders are assessed for fitness using
 digram frequencies, and the best of them are used to breed a new
 generation of candidates, using column rotations and swaps as mutation
 operators.  The algorithm was useful at finding partial anagrams to aid
 manual solution.
 `Use  of a genetic algorithm in the cryptanalysis of simple substitution
 ciphers'
 R Spillman, M Janssen, B Nelson, M Kepner, Cryptolo gia v 17 no 1
 (Jan 93) pp 31 - 44
 The  authors report using a genetic algorithm to solve monoalphabetic
 substitutions. Randomly chosen keys were evaluated for fitness using
 letter and diagram frequencies, and the fittest candidates were then
 `mated' and subjected to mutation to provide the next generation of
 keys.  The `mating' operation used a selective crossover, in which the
 `best'character of each key was passed on.
 `Tearing up the rules'
 P Sampson, Banking Technology (Nov 93) pp 26 - 30
 Mellon Bank has installed a neural-net-based monitoring system which
 checks card transactions every two hours and looks for abnormal
 activity.  It is claimed to be substantially more effective than
 rule-based systems.
 `Cryptanalysis of knapsack ciphers using genetic algorithms'
 R Spillman, Cryptologia  v XVII no 4 (Oct 93) pp  367 - 377
 The author describes the design and use of a genetic algorithm to
 attack small trap do or knap-sacks and gives performance data to show
 that it functions 50 - 100 times faster than exhaustive search.
 `Neural net works: the way forward?'
 R Martin, Cards International no 99 (9/12/93)  p 9
 Neural networks are in use to detect abnormal card transactions in
 Mellon Bank and the Euro card Netherlands network, and both claimed that
 the system would pay for itself in 1-2 years.
 `Identity Verification using Weighted Personal Characteristics'
 Y Yamazaki, N Komatsu, M Tsuchiya, SCIS 94 paper 5C (in Japanese)
 The authors study whether characteristics of a person's handwriting may
 be used to authenticate that person.  They have used a neural net to
 distinguish persons successfully according to the angles between written
 strokes.
 `Comments on "Cryptanalysis of Knapsack Ciphers Using Genetic
 Algorithms" '
 F Rubin, Cryptologia v XVIII no 2 (April 1994) pp 153 - 154
 The author criticises Spillman's use of genetic algorithms to attack
 knapsack ciphers as ineffective against the kind of knapsacks
 actually proposed for non trivial cryptographic use.
 `Securenet: a network-oriented intelligent intrusion prevention and
 detection system'
 P Sprirakis, S Katsikas, D  Gritzalis, F Allegre, D Androutsopoulos,
 J Darzentas, C Gigante, D Karagiannis, H Putkonen, T Spyrou,  IFIP
 SEC  94  paper  E2
 This paper describes SECURENET, an intrusion detection system being
 built as an EC RACE project to protect integrated broadband
 communications. It uses a number of technologies, such as neural
 networks and secure distributed computation, to detect and classify
 attacks in real time.
 `Using  a  genetic algorithm for optimizing fixed polarity Reed-Muller
 expansions of Boolean functions'
 JF Miller, H Luchian, PV G Bradbeer, PJ Barclay , International Journal
 of Electronics v 76 no 4 (Apr 94) pp 601 - 610.
 The authors report a genetic algorithm which gets good sub-optimum
 Reed-Muller expansions of Boolean functions more quickly than previous
 techniques.
- -Michael

@_date: 1995-11-30 21:22:38
@_author: Michael Pierson 
@_subject: Diskless "Eunuchs" Machines Likely to Fail 
Beyond the specifics of Oracle's naive vision, I think what is
doomed (I hope) to fail is the obsolescent paradigm that it reflects.
It seems that many corporate types are fixated on the idea of tractable
and predictable consumers.  The need to raise the population and
broaden the demographic of potential customers for the coming
Information SuperMarketway by minimizing the entry cost is obvious. The
approach to understanding the actual dynamics of why people are and
will increasingly come into this space and what they will want to do
once they get there is deficient for many.  Some are intimidated by the
unpredictably evolving emergent properties of consumer (well, still
mostly window shopper) behavior in this new territory, and are looking
for the comforting familiarity that their marketing consultants and
financial planners could provide them in the old brickspace way of doing
business.  Others are puzzled, or are overtly threatened by the idea of
potential consumer's who are also content producers.
I think that the limitations of interactive set-top boxes and
lobotomized net terminals appeals to this mindset.  There's less
likelihood of troubling novel behavior and initiative.  The consumer's
options are constrained and thereby the details of marketing are more
These prospective cyber-consumers who are increasingly in the
frustrating habit of producing and sharing content amongst themselves
(usually for free, no less!), thereby distracting each other from the
content providers and virtual storefronts they should be flocking to,
are a potent wild card in the game that many cannot deal with, and some
wish they could deal out of the deck.  This nascent internet phenomenon
is the economic aspect of the broader disintegration and decline of the
means to control mass opinion and behavior that many in the current
ruling class find threatening as well.  The corporations that can get a
clue, and learn how to go with the flow of this changing environment, can
still prosper. The dinosaurs who can't, or won't adapt, will free up
valuable niches for the independent upstarts who not only can ride the
waves of change, but who thrive on them and even strive to make them
Oracle's vision of the low-cost, diskless "Eunuchs" net station
may materialize on the shelves of Walmart, and Circuit City, etc...
But it will not take long for those who buy them to realize that
they are in a subclass on the internet (That is, if they are really
given the freedom to explore the net at large) and to feel frustrated
with their limited options to create and express themselves.  Those
too dim-witted to notice or care might as well have remained as bovine
Cable Shopping Network viewers ensconced in their TV room lounge chairs.
I do think that there is a substantial and viable market for entry level
notebook form factor (running off a cheap wall socket DC converter with
battery optional) 'Net' PC's well below $1000 in the not-too-distant
future.  Processor and hard drive costs are certainly dropping fast
enough to make that a credible possibility.  Display and memory costs
remain the major obstacles, but I think workable compromises could be
This could be a potent opportunity for somebody like the AIM alliance
to make an end run around the Intel-Microsoft axis, if they were able to
take the long view and act decisively (yeah...fantasy).  Start with
something like the low end PPC602, develop a highly integrated chip set
for video, drive, RAM controller, modem,  etc... Surface mount on board
with RJ-11, USB and external monitor connector, include as much HD as
will fit within the target production cost. Throw in a SIMM or DIMM slot
for the option of supplementing the minimum included memory later.
Provide greyscale LCD standard with color dual-scan option.  Come up
with a _TIGHT_ fully native code subset of MacOS.  Add a compact
application suite including internet connectivity plus simple PIM and WP
functionality. Provide a coupon for a subsidiary online service cum
internet gateway, ala MSN. Sell the machine at a minimal margin over
cost, and view the entire venture as a way to gain broad market
presence. Market presence must have substantial worth, because
Netscape's stock is surely not being valued on its price-earnings
Well, perhaps.  I suppose I'm risking the chastisement of Cypherpunk
purists with my follow-up on this non-crypto topic. But it seems to me
that the broadest shared sentiment among the people on this list is a
passionate interest in defending and expanding personal liberty,
sovereignty and privacy in cyberspace, and the realization that
the unencumbered use of strong cryptography is indispensable to those
goals. If it wasn't for this nexus, there would be no cypherpunks, and
the esoteric technicalities of modern cryptography would be of interest
to few besides professional security consultants/programmers and obscure
academic types.  It's useful to explore the wider context of relevance
occasionally, if only to gain perspective (As long as we can avoid
another Ayn Rand or Noam Chomsky pissing match...).
People limited solely to diskless terminals for their internet access will
be second class netizens.  They would be less likely to really
appreciate and comprehend the issues surrounding online privacy and
cryptography, and they would be less able to take action on these issues
even if they wanted to.
- -Michael

@_date: 1996-10-17 15:40:58
@_author: Michael Pierson 
@_subject: European Commission on "Illegal and harmful content on the Internet" 
A recently released European Commission Communication on "Illegal
and harmful content on the Internet" may prefigure the nature of
coming European Union regulatory initiatives concerning the net.
This Communication was in response to a 27 September resolution
by the Telecommunication Council on "preventing the dissemination
of illegal content on the Internet, in particular child
pornography." The document reportedly reflects what will be
ongoing work to "present practical measures in time for the next
Telecommunications Council on 28 November 1996."
The Communication describes its aims as:
firstly to describe briefly the different types of illegal and
harmful content,
secondly to examine the technical context in which action can be
taken to deal with illegal and harmful content,
and finally to suggest a number of practical measures designed to
be rapidly implemented
Among the points of interest, it states with emphasis that
"additional international cooperation is required to avoid 'safe
havens' for documents contrary to general rules of criminal law."
With respect to anonymous communications it discusses proposed
"measures to close known loopholes and improve traceability and
that anonymous remailers record details of identity."
As is typical of these agendas, the devil will be in the evolving
details of enforcement. It looks like 1997 will be a busy year
for proponents of greater state control over internet content
both here and abroad. If they can conjure up enough sufficiently
compelling bogeymen, it could be a very successful one for them
as well.
The HTML version of this document can be found at:
Links to RTF and Word versions along with the accompanying press
release and related documents can be found at:
- -Michael

@_date: 1996-10-21 07:06:23
@_author: Michael Pierson 
@_subject: European Commission on "Illegal and harmful content on the Internet" 
A recently released European Commission Communication on "Illegal
and harmful content on the Internet" may prefigure the nature of
coming European Union regulatory initiatives concerning the net.
This Communication was in response to a 27 September resolution
by the Telecommunication Council on "preventing the dissemination
of illegal content on the Internet, in particular child
pornography." The document reportedly reflects what will be
ongoing work to "present practical measures in time for the next
Telecommunications Council on 28 November 1996."
The Communication describes its aims as:
firstly to describe briefly the different types of illegal and
harmful content,
secondly to examine the technical context in which action can be
taken to deal with illegal and harmful content,
and finally to suggest a number of practical measures designed to
be rapidly implemented
Among the points of interest, it states with emphasis that
"additional international cooperation is required to avoid 'safe
havens' for documents contrary to general rules of criminal law."
With respect to anonymous communications it discusses proposed
"measures to close known loopholes and improve traceability and
that anonymous remailers record details of identity."
As is typical of these agendas, the devil will be in the evolving
details of enforcement. It looks like 1997 will be a busy year
for proponents of greater state control over internet content
both here and abroad. If they can conjure up enough sufficiently
compelling bogeymen, it could be a very successful one for them
as well.
The HTML version of this document can be found at:
Links to RTF and Word versions along with the accompanying press
release and related documents can be found at:
- -Michael

@_date: 1997-06-05 20:16:21
@_author: Michael Pierson 
@_subject: Maneuvering the Instruments of Control Through Deception 
Watching the rapid fire succession of Administration rulings and gambits, and the developments of various contending legislative
proposals and industry initiatives, along with all the debate over the
differing implications and portents of this distracting plethora of
moves and countermoves, has made for quite an intriguing spectacle. In particular, the recent controversies over threatening elements in
the SAFE bill and the motives of the legislators involved, as well as
the contentions concerning Netscape's aims or quality of judgment in
its latest key recovery announcements reminded me of some lines from
R.G.H. Siu's _The Craft of Power_:
  ...There is an increasing need as time goes on for a voluntary
  surrender of freedom on the part of the people at large or at least
  for a relative passivity toward encroachments on it.  An essential
  instrument for bringing this predisposition into being is
  propaganda.  The purpose of your propaganda, then, should not be
  sympathetic education but subtle manipulation. [...] Orthodoxy
  should not comprise your primary objective in propaganda, but what
  Jaques Ellul has called orthopraxy.  This is "an action that in
  itself, and not because of the value judgments of the person who is
  acting, leads directly to a goal, which for the individual is not a
  conscious and intentional objective to be attained, but which is
  considered such by the propagandist."  Knowing the real action to be
  taken in furtherance of the objective behind the informational
  barrage, the propagandist "maneuvers the instrument that will secure
  this action."
I thought Lucky Green keenly observed what might be considered an example of this process in action when a while back on the It is certainly a sly move, but like other sleights of hand, it benefits when a certain naivete is present in its targets.  For businesses, there is an additional economic calculus involved that can
sometimes make the deceptions harder to discern, or easier to swallow,
or both to varying degrees.   But for the adamant opponents of GAK,
these subterfuges should not seem so obscure.  It's clear by now that
the core pro-GAK forces have a good appreciation of Sun Tzu's dictum
that "All warfare is based on deception."
There are some other passages from Sun Tzu that seem somewhat topical to recent events.
  In all fighting, the direct method may be used for joining battle,   but indirect methods will be needed in  order to secure victory.
  Indirect tactics, efficiently applied, are inexhaustible as Heaven
  and Earth, unending as the flow of rivers and streams; like the sun
  and the moon, they end but to begin anew; like the four season's,
  they pass away to return once more.
  ...Thus one who is skillful at keeping the enemy on the move   maintains deceitful appearances, according to which the enemy will
  act.  He sacrifices something, that the enemy may snatch at it.
  By holding out baits, he keeps him on the march; then with a body of
  picked men he lies in wait for him.
Of course, the nature of the battlefield and the makeup of the forces
contending are more complicated, subtle, and considerably more
abstracted than the matters that Sun Tzu was concerned with. Nevertheless, certain themes remain timeless in warfare both military
and psycho-political.  Documents that EPIC and others have managed to
acquire through FOIA requests show that duplicity has been part of the
game plan on this issue since prior to the Klinton Administration. The hardcore surveillance state forces have long subscribed to the
principle that "In war, practice dissimulation, and you will succeed."
 My impression is that they have adhered pretty consistently to that
principle so far.
It seems that some of the internecine controversy of late amongst the
various factions in general opposition to GAK and other forms of
privacy escrow and intrusion, to varying degrees, comes from
disagreements regarding the relative merit or malignancy of differing
political approaches and the motivations of the political actors
involved.  In part, this can depend upon where on the
Anarchist-Minarchist-Benevolent_social_welfare_state spectrum they
come from, and the intensity of their mistrust, or outright hostility,
toward the process and role of government, but numerous other factors
are involved.  Many of these disagreements are valid and will continue
(hopefully, though, not to the point of serving the purposes of the
main adversary).  One could argue that some who might really believe
they are trying to preserve privacy will end up undermining it
instead.  The road to hell can indeed be paved with good intensions,
as well as bad, naive, opportunistic, calculating, or craven...  But
in a broader strategic sense, those paving the road to hell, or what
they are paving it with, can be less important than understanding the
mentality of those who sway its course there, and the means they use
to achieve their ends.  Chief among these means is their use of
deceit.  Deception and sophistry are time honored tactics of those who want to
build a more intrusive authoritarian state.  The people who have
promoted the kind of "2 + 2 = 5" reasoning that's been used to
rationalize things like "good faith" exceptions to the Fourth
Amendment, or the contemptible mockery of due process represented by
government's abuse of civil forfeiture, are of essentially the same
ilk as those who now expect citizens to accept assurances about
"lawful authorization" and due process when it comes to their
promotion of CALEA and GAK.
The fearmongering exaggerations and misrepresentations that are spread by GAK proponents are part of a larger pattern as well.  David
Burnam's excellent 1996 book on the Justice Department _Above The Law_
does a good job of documenting some of this with respect to the
flagrantly misleading representations of national crime statistics by
the FBI and others early in the Clinton administration and before, and
provides some useful perspective on their more recent claims
concerning the need for new electronic surveillance infrastructures
and encryption controls. It isn't simply the talent for facile deceit that characterizes the effective surveillance state advocate, but also the ability to
maintain a pious pretense (and rarely perhaps even the self-delusion)
of support for privacy and civil liberties while pushing the policies
that undermine these very things.  Senator Kerry's remarks on his
Orwellianly titled "The Secure Public Networks Act" come to mind.
A particularly telling and ironic example of this appears in a transcript from the FBI website of a speech given by Director Freeh in
Krakow Poland during June 1994:
  "The Nazi terror began not by breaking the law but by using    the law. The morning after the Reichstag fire in February,    1933, President Von Hindenburg was persuaded by Hitler to    invoke Article 48 of the Weimar Constitution. This emergency    provision of the national law was the key to its    elimination. It enabled Hitler to suspend individual and    civil liberties, freedom of speech, press and assembly; it    allowed warrantless searches of homes and the seizure of    property without due process of law.
  [...] SS and SA members then started a wave of political violence
  which culminated in a March, 1933, Enabling Act granting dictatorial
   powers to Hitler.
  Hitler's brutal usurpation and exercise of power was in part   carried out by clever use of the police and  the corruptly   controlled enactment of new laws."
One wonders how Mr. Freeh went about reconciling this knowledge of
history with his role as point man for the Clinton Administration's
attempts to stampede legislation for  new "anti-terrorism" powers
following Oklahoma and last summers TWA explosion/Olympic bombing
As Freeh's remarks reveal, the role terrorism has played in promoting the agendas of authoritarian statists has been quite notable.  Terrorism's major consequences in history appear largely to have been to serve the expansion of the domestic powers of
the states targeted, not the furtherance of the agendas of the
terrorists responsible (or allegedly responsible).  In fact, some
states have found terrorism so valuable in this regard that when
terrorists did not exist, it was necessary to invent them (or
facilitate them, or exaggerate their threat).  The state's concerted cultivation and fanning of fear and hysteria in
relation to acts of terrorism (with the aid of the major mass media)
is a increasingly refined art form.  It's role has become so
significant that it deserves a name.  I call it State Sponsored
Hysterrorism.  While acts or threats of terrorism are the the most
valuable adjunct to the exploitation of hysterrorism; fear mongering
concerning other major bogeymen, most notably the specter of drugs,
pornography and pedophilia, can occasionally be used to achieve the
requisite level of alarmed herd psychology, and the extra
marginalization of reasoned deliberation necessary to serve the ends
of the hysterrorists.
I think the U.S. Government's campaign of hysterrorism following the
TWA explosion/Olympic-Park bombing is a case study for what we can
expect in the future.  The political exploitation of this event was a
contingency plan in waiting for the right bomb to go off somewhere. Next time, they will be even more prepared.
There might be a few in the anti-GAK camp who are still inclined to
entertain the notion that the Clinton administration's actions with
regard to GAK and CALEA have been largely due to them being misguided,
or benighted, or gullibly enthralled with apocalyptic scenarios drawn
by secret intelligence reports, and crime threats painted by
latter-day Hoovers.  Perhaps they believe that if the Clintonites
could only be made to understand the futility of attaining their
"professed" objectives, they would be reasonable. But the fact (from
my vantage) is that following the Oklahoma bombing, and even more
egregiously, following the the TWA/Olympic events last summer, this
administration dishonestly promoted and endeavored to exploit public
fear and the political intimidation that could be derived from that
fear in a cynical attempt to stampede the ill-considered passage of
legislation granting sweeping new surveillance powers to the
government.  These attempts to subvert and hot-wire the legislative
process in this regard, as well as the disingenuous shell games they
have played with their succession of Clipper and key escrow/recovery
proposals and initiatives, have cast serious doubt in my mind on the
quality of their principles, misguided or otherwise.  I view the government's exploitation of occurances of terrorism and
hysterrorism to be the most potent potential threat to privacy and
civil liberties we face.  The stage is now being set by an increasing
drumbeat of warnings, news specials, and so forth about the threat of
more exotic forms of Nuclear, Chemical or Biological attack.  I recall
a melodramatic news piece a while back where a reporter sensationally
demonstrated how easy it was to get a shoebox-sized container filled
with test-tubes on a subway train, and a host of "experts" were
interviewed about the potential pandora's box of nasty possibilities
awaiting us in the years to come.  A few weeks ago, a forum on
terrorism in Atlanta, organized by Former Senator Nunn and attended by
Defense Secretary Cohen and others, brought lurid speculation on
things like the future development of custom engineered viral
pathogens, and warnings about "the Internet transmitting knowledge to
people all over the globe in how to make weapons of mass destruction."
One gets the impression like they can't wait until their menacing
forecasts are validated.  The message is that uncontrolled Information
is Threat, and that we're going to need protection from many new forms
of Data Crime in our Fearful New World.  Sadly, considering the public
at-large's current suseptibility to the politics of fear, it probably
wouldn't take much to sell this message.  Major acts of terrorism
aren't the worry of those who most want the institution of intrusive
state powers, it's their secret wish.
The Friend's of Big Brother are holding some strong cards, but many of
them rely on appeals to fear and ignorance.  Their ability to deceive,
mislead, distract, ensnare, market fictions, manage perceptions, and
structure the terms of debates to their advantage can be quite
formidable at times.  It was fortunate that they miscalculated early
on concerning the political repercussions from the persecution of Phil
Zimmermann and the ham-handed Clipper_I proposal.  While they continue
to make tactical errors which can be exploited, they are refining
their approach as time goes on, and their more successful tactics can
be considerably less obvious than their blunders.  Perhaps having
discovered the drawbacks of frontal assaults, one of their new guiding
principles might be "when using our forces, we must seem inactive;
when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away". Insidious machinations (stego-politics?) are more challenging to
counter, but like other forms of legerdemain, knowing what to look for
makes the artifice easier to discern and derail, however deftly done. - From the surveillance statist's perspective on the public, it is
indeed true that "Ignorance is Strength".  While the "Knowledge is
Power" forces may be outgunned in certain respects, they do have the
advantage of not being hampered by the need to conceal duplicity.
The ultimate solutions to preserving privacy may turn out to be technical, but whether one is an avowed cryptoanarchist, or a libertarian (!'L') type with mixed minarchist inclinations (sort of like me), or whatever, in the near term, developments in the
political arena are far from irrelevant.  The state's most serious
opponents to privacy well understand the value of swaying public
perceptions and attitudes.  Their best hope is to find a way to shape
public and congressional opinion in a way that will allow them to get
restrictions on unconditionally secure encryption passed into law, the
sooner the better.  The longer they can be delayed and stymied, the
less likely they are to succeed.  In any case, we should be careful
not to play into their hands, or provide them with material to
facilitate their efforts to foster fears.  In the words of Sun Tzu,
"the highest form of generalship is to balk the enemy's plans" -- not
to serve them.
In the struggle to defend our privacy, personal sovereignty, and
liberty in general, there will be disagreements over where the enemy
lies, and how to best take aim against it.  Whatever the
disagreements, I hope we can at least manage to avoid standing in a
circle as we fire.
 -Michael
