
@_date: 1993-07-07 22:07:33
@_author: whitfield.diffie@Eng.Sun.COM 
@_subject: Happens to `best' of them 
The following delicious item appeared at the bottom of page 4 in
the National Edition of The New York Times on Saturday, 3 July 1993.
   Washington, July 2 --- An electronic hacker was able to listen in
as top aides to Secretary of State Warren Christopher helped him to
alert world leaders about the missile strike against Baghdad last
   The conversations were intercepted beginning nearly an hour before
the raid was made public.  But the first calls were apparently not
overheard until after Tomahawk missiles from Navy ships struck the
headquarters of the Iraqi intelligence service.
   The calls, placed from a Government plane as Mr. Christopher
returned to Washington from Maine, provided a sense of the hurried
efforts made by officials in midair and in Washington to spread news
of the attack.  At one point, they indicate, a State Department
official awakened Chancellor Helmut Kohl of of Germany only to
discover that President Clinton had spoken with the German leader
earlier in the day.
   The eavesdropping was first reported in the current issue of
Business Week, which obtained a tape recording of the conversations
from an electronic hacker who specializes in monitoring unsecured
calls.  The magazine made available a transcript of the recording.
   The State Department refused to comment on what is said were
private conversations among Mr.  Christopher's aides, but a senior
official there said the transcript was essentially accurate.  None of
the calls made by Mr. Christopher himself was recorded, apparently
because they were placed through secure channels.
   Any uncoded call that travels through the airwaves rather than
along a wire can be intercepted, and electronic eavesdroppers have
become skilled at using scanners to monitor the communications.

@_date: 1993-06-16 19:28:04
@_author: whitfield.diffie@Eng.Sun.COM 
@_subject: Second epistle of Whit apostle to Congress 
Here is what I told Markey's telecommunications committee last
Wednesday about the business impact of key escrot.  What follows
has been corrected for a major error for which I apologize to CPSR.
I had carelessly cited EFF as the extractor of some documents under
FOIA.  It also makes some minor corrections; the changes are shown
at the end.
                          TESTIMONY BEFORE THE                           HOUSE SUBCOMMITTEE ON                       TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND FINANCE
                               9 June 1993
                  The Impact of Regulating Cryptography
              on the Computer and Communications Industries
                             Whitfield Diffie
                          Distinguished Engineer
                          Sun Microsystems, Inc.
     I'd like to begin by expressing my thanks to Chairman Markey, the
other members of the committee, and the committee staff for giving us
the opportunity to appear before the committee and express our views.
     We stand at a moment in history when an amazing coincidence of
developments in technology and world politics is showing us
opportunities in both business and personal life that no one could
have anticipated.  These developments rest on two closely related
cornerstones: communication and internationalism.
     Business today is characterized by an unprecedented freedom and
volume of travel by both people and goods.  It is an era of rapid
inexpensive transportation coupled with declining trade barriers.  All
this movement is made possible, however, by the reality of instant
telecommunication between places thousands of miles apart, conveying
voices, images, and data wherever they are needed.
     Ease of communication, both physical and electronic, has ushered
in an era of international markets and multinational corporations.  No
country is large enough that its industries can concentrate on the
domestic market to the exclusion of all others.  When foreign sales
rival or exceed domestic ones, the structure of the corporation
follows suit with new divisions placed in proximity to markets,
materials, or labor.
     The result is a world in which much of the population enjoys a
standard of material wealth and freedom of action previously unknown.
It is also a world in which no company, community, or country can
afford not to compete in the global market.
     Security of communication and computing is essential to this
telecommunication driven environment.  The communication system must
ensure that orders for goods and services are genuine, guarantee that
payments are credited to the proper accounts, and protect the privacy
of business plans and personal information.
     In the past, these diverse assurances have been provided by an ad
hoc patchwork that has evolved slowly over the century and a half
since the invention of the telegraph, but two factors are now making
that patchwork obsolete.
     The first is the rise in importance of intellectual property.
Much of what is now bought and sold is information that varies from
computer programs to surveys of customer buying habits.  Information
security has become an end in itself rather than just a means for
insuring the security of people and property.
     The second is the universal demand for mobility in
communications.  Traveling corporate computer users sit down at
workstations they have never seen before and expect the same
environment that is on the desks in their offices.  They carry
cellular telephones and communicate constantly by radio.  They haul
out portable PCs and dial their home computers from locations around
the globe.  With each such action they expose their information to
threats of eavesdropping and falsification barely known a decade ago.
     It is the lack of security for these increasingly common
activities that we encounter when we hear that most cellular telephone
calls in major metropolitan areas are overheard or even recorded by
eavesdroppers with scanners; that a new computer virus is destroying
data on the disks of PCs; or that industrial spies have broken into a
database half a world away.
     In this troubling scenario, however, there is a large ray of
hope.  Most of the technology to provide the needed protection is
already available in the form of contemporary cryptography and its
allied disciplines.  Some of it has existed for nearly fifty years;
some dates from the last five.  It isn't in widespread use, but it
does exist.
     Why then are proper security measures not incorporated in every
cell phone, laptop, and workstation?  Part of the answer is economic.
Collecting intelligence by spying on information is so hard to detect
that most users are unaware that they are suffering from it and
unwilling to pay to protect themselves.  Another lies in a unique
problem of implementing security standards: security mechanisms are
designed to block access to everyone who does not conform exactly to
their demands.  This makes them very unforgiving of that flexibility
at the margins that makes much of standardization possible.
Compounding these internal difficulties is one that is entirely
external: a regulatory structure that goes back to the cold war and
does not recognize the realities of the present situation.
     In the United States, export control has been the major barrier.
Companies are deterred from building proper security mechanisms into
their products because to do so will limit their exports and subject
them to tedious administrative procedures required to comply with the
law.  The alternatives are to support two versions of each product,
one for domestic use and one for export or to dilute the security
measures in all products to a level whose export the government
     At Sun Microsystems, approximately half our customers are outside
the United States.  Were we to build a workstation and an operating
system embodying the best security we know how to provide and the
security that we believe is needed, we would not be permitted to
export them.  This would present us with insuperable problems in
maintaining distinct but somehow compatible domestic and foreign
product lines.  Not least of the consequences is that we are unable to
provide security features that elements of the U.S. Government would
like in the systems they buy, because that market does not come close
to making up for the one we would have to forgo.
     I believe we are typical of computer companies in these respects.
Digital Equipment after having made some outstanding contributions to
network security, appears to have abandoned its lead in the field.
Export issues were cited when it discontinued development of an
operating system designed to achieve an National Computer Security
Center A1 rating some five years back and I suspect they may have
played a role in its larger retreat from security as well.
     We have also suffered from the government's failure to take the
lead in championing security standards, both domestic and
international.  The first proposed federal standard in the area of
public key cryptography has appeared only after such techniques had
been employed for more than a decade and does not conform to the
conventional practice that has evolved both in the U.S. and abroad.
Some have even suggested that the government has actively worked to
block standardization citing the United States failure to vote for its
own national cryptographic standard (DES) in the International
Standards Organization and material on the working relationship
between NIST and NSA recently released to the Computer Professionals
for Social Responsibility under the Freedom of Information Act.
     Now we are faced with the greatest challenge to our ability to
secure the personal and business communications of the modern world
that we have yet encountered.  The administration proposes to adopt as
a federal standard a system that is not only secret, but incorporates
provisions for the government secretly to decode any person's
communications when it deems this necessary for law enforcement or
national security purposes.
     The effect is very much like that of the little keyhole in the
back of the combination locks used on the lockers of school children.
The children open the locks with the combinations, which is supposed
to keep the other children out, but the teachers can always look in
the lockers by using the key.
     The stated objective is to require the use of equipment based on
these new `key escrow' chips for certain communications within the
government and between the government and business.  If they are
successful in their objective, the latter provision could force the
inclusion of these chips in all devices used, for example, to
communicate with the government about contracts or taxes.
     What would be the effect of such broad inclusion?       We have been assured by NIST that the finished chips, once their
key escrow provisions have been programmed, will be available without
restriction for incorporation in any piece of domestic equipment, but
it is hard to see how either the security or wiretap objectives could
be achieved if this were the case.  It appears more likely that key
escrow chips will be available only to companies that agree to employ
them in approved ways.  Probably this will be done by using existing
regulatory machinery (called the Type II Commercial COMSEC Endorsement
Program) that requires the manufacturers to submit their designs to
NSA for approval.
     Were this to happen, the nation's computer manufacturers would be
trapped in a regulatory web more confining than any we have seen so
far.  If we at Sun were required by customers' needs to communicate
with the government to put the key escrow chip on the mother board of
our machine and by regulations to have the board design approved, the
government would have effective control of our development cycle.  One of
the requirements that would likely be imposed in these circumstances
would be that we not offer any other security mechanisms that could be
used to defeat the escrow provisions.  This would mean we could not
even maintain compatibility with our existing product line.
     It seems especially unlikely that customer acceptance of a chip
explicitly designed to provide only partial security could ever be
achieved other than by the coercive force of regulations. Nor does it
seem likely that a system to which the U.S. held the keys would ever
be accepted by more than a handful of other countries.  They do not
need it to achieve security, because an understanding of cryptography
is now global and developing rapidly.
     Faced with a choice between secret U.S. technology known to
embody a compromise and foreign systems of published function that at
least claim not to, customer response seems hardly in doubt.  The
result may give the government a devastating choice: accept the import
of foreign technology, losing both market share and the new law
enforcement capability or forbid the import of foreign cryptographic
systems altogether.  In the latter case, the U.S., currently a leader
in computers and software, seems likely to become a backwater, cut off
from one of the most profitable segments of the global economy.
     Another problem presented by the key escrow technology is cost.
No matter how essential it may be, security is still difficult to sell
and extremely price sensitive.  To require that cryptography not
merely be isolated in hardware (by and large a good security practice)
but that that hardware be a tamper resistant chip entirely dedicated
to one security function will push the prices of many products and
features beyond the reach of their potential markets.  Cryptography
can perfectly safely be embodied in microcode, implemented in cells
incorporated in multi-function chips, or programmed on dedicated, but
standard, microcontrollers at a tiny fraction of the tens of dollars
per chip that Clipper is predicted to cost.
     The effect of giving the government and one or a small number of
companies a monopoly control over an essential technology is also
troubling to contemplate.  The present key escrow chips operate in the
megabit range.  Can companies depend on NSA to have hundred megabit or
gigabit chips available just when they are needed or might U.S.
companies miss critical market windows while they wait for delivery of
parts over which they have no control?  Will there come a time, as
occurred with DES, when NSA wants the standard changed even though
industry still finds it adequate for many applications?  If that
occurs will industry have any recourse but to do what it is told?  And
if this happens who will pay for the conversion?
     Last month, before another committee of Congress, I discussed at
some length the impact that the key escrow proposal could have on
personal freedom, concluding that if it is adopted, we will take a big
step toward a world in which the right of private conversation belongs
only to those rich enough to travel to face to face meetings.  Rather
than repeat those arguments, I have attached my earlier testimony as
an appendix and focus here on a few essential points.
     It is clear that the costs of key escrow will be monumental
whether measured in dollars spent for computers, squandered business
opportunities, or lost liberties.  Even if these costs are accepted,
there remain two questions: can the law enforcement function be
achieved, and is it even necessary?
     In a world in which cryptographic expertise is widespread and
cryptography is readily implemented on small processors, rules seem no
more likely to keep security out of the hands of criminals than export
controls guarantee it will not be available to hostile nations.
     This, however, may not matter.  Despite the concern of law
enforcement that advancing technology will reduce the effectiveness of
wiretaps, that technology has been at least as much a blessing to the
police as a curse.  Even ignoring the contribution of police
communication systems and databases, modern telephone switches make
wiretaps more effective by supplying caller ID in real time under many
circumstances.  In a world in which conspiracies were conducted via
conference calls on secure phones, criminals could never be sure that
one of the participants was not an informer recording everything in
high fidelity without the risk of being caught wearing a body wire.
line  89 unaware of that ==> unaware that line 137 Electronic Frontiers Foundation ==> line 181 design cycle ==> development cycle
line 213 implemented in dedicated ==> programmed on dedicated

@_date: 1993-05-16 14:23:48
@_author: whitfield.diffie@Eng.Sun.COM 
@_subject: Diffie Statement to Boucher's Committee 
I'd like to begin by expressing my thanks to Congressman Boucher, the other members of the committee, and the committee staff
for giving us the opportunity to appear before the committee and
express our views.     On Friday, the 16th of April, a sweeping new proposal for both the promotion and control of cryptography was made public on the
front page of the New York Times and in press releases from the White
House and other organizations.     This proposal was to adopt a new cryptographic system as a federal standard, but at the same time to keep the system's
functioning secret.  The standard would call for the use of a tamper
resistant chip, called Clipper, and embody a `back door' that
will allow the government to decrypt the traffic for law enforcement
and national security purposes.     So far, available information about the chip is minimal and to some extent contradictory, but the essence appears to be this: When a
Clipper chip prepares to encrypt a message, it generates a short
preliminary signal rather candidly entitled the Law Enforcement
Exploitation Field.  Before another Clipper chip will decrypt the
message, this signal must be fed into it.  The Law Enforcement
Exploitation Field or LEEF is tied to the key in use and the two must
match for decryption to be successful.  The LEEF in turn, when
decrypted by a government held key that is unique to the chip,
will reveal the key used to encrypt the message.     The effect is very much like that of the little keyhole in the back of the combination locks used on the lockers of school children.
The children open the locks with the combinations, which is supposed
to keep the other children out, but the teachers can always look in
the lockers by using the key.     In the month that has elapsed since the announcement, we have studied the Clipper chip proposal as carefully as the available
information permits.  We conclude that such a proposal is at best
premature and at worst will have a damaging effect on both business
security and civil rights without making any improvement in law
enforcement.     To give you some idea of the importance of the issues this raises, I'd like to suggest that you think about what are the most
essential security mechanisms in your daily life and work.  I believe
you will realize that the most important things any of you ever do by
way of security have nothing to do with guards, fences, badges, or
safes.  Far and away the most important element of your security is
that you recognize your family, your friends, and your colleagues.
Probably second to that is that you sign your signature, which
provides the people to whom you give letters, checks, or documents,
with a way of proving to third parties that you have said or promised
something.  Finally you engage in private conversations, saying things
to your loved ones, your friends, or your staff that you do not wish
to be overheard by anyone else.     These three mechanisms lean heavily on the physical: face to
face contact between people or the exchange of written messages.
At this moment in history, however, we are transferring our medium
of social interaction from the physical to the electronic at a pace
limited only by the development of our technology.  Many of us spend
half the day on the telephone talking to people we may visit in person
at most a few times a year and the other half exchanging electronic
mail with people we never meet in person.     Communication security has traditionally been seen as an
arcane security technology of real concern only to the military and
perhaps the banks and oil companies.  Viewed in light of the
observations above, however, it is revealed as nothing less than the
transplantation of fundamental social mechanisms from the world of
face to face meetings and pen and ink communication into a world of
electronic mail, video conferences, electronic funds transfers,
electronic data interchange, and, in the not too distant future,
digital money and electronic voting.     No right of private conversation was enumerated in the
constitution.  I don't suppose it occurred to anyone at the time that
it could be prevented.  Now, however, we are on the verge of a world
in which electronic communication is both so good and so inexpensive
that intimate business and personal relationships will flourish between parties who can at most occasionally afford the luxury of
traveling to visit each other.  If we do not accept the right of these
people to protect the privacy of their communication, we take a long
step in the direction of a world in which privacy will belong only
to the rich.     The import of this is clear:  The decisions we make about communication security today will determine the kind of society
we live in tomorrow.      The objective of the administration's proposal can be simply
Within a command society like the military, a mechanism of
this sort that allows soldiers' communications to be protected from
the enemy, but not necessarily from the Inspector General, is an
entirely natural objective.  Its imposition on a free society,
however, is quite another matter.     Let us begin by examining the monitoring requirement and ask
both whether it is essential to future law enforcement and what
measures would be required to make it work as planned.     Eavesdropping, as its name reminds us, is not a new phenomenon.
But in spite of the fact that police and spies have been doing it for
a long time, it has acquired a whole new dimension since the invention
of the telegraph.  Prior to electronic communication, it was a hit or
miss affair.  Postal services as we know them today are a fairly new
phenomenon and messages were carried by a variety of couriers,
travelers, and merchants.  Sensitive messages in particular, did
not necessarily go by standardized channels.  Paul Revere, who is
generally remembered for only one short ride, was the American
Revolution's courier, traveling routinely from Boston to
Philadelphia with his saddle bags full of political broadsides.
    Even when a letter was intercepted, opened, and read, there was
no guarantee, despite some people's great skill with flaps and seals,
that the victim would not notice the intrusion.     The development of the telephone, telegraph, and radio have
given the spies a systematic way of intercepting messages.  The
telephone provides a means of communication so effective and
convenient that even people who are aware of the danger routinely put
aside their caution and use it to convey sensitive information.
Digital switching has helped eavesdroppers immensely in automating
their activities and made it possible for them to do their listening a
long way from the target with negligible chance of detection.     Police work was not born with the invention of wiretapping and at
present the significance of wiretaps as an investigative tool is quite
limited.  Even if their phone calls were perfectly secure, criminals
would still be vulnerable to bugs in their offices, body wires on
agents, betrayal by co-conspirators who saw a brighter future in
cooperating with the police, and ordinary forensic inquiry.
    Moreover, cryptography, even without intentional back doors,
will no more guarantee that a criminal's communications are secure
than the Enigma guaranteed that German communications were secure
in World War II.  Traditionally, the richest source of success in
communications intelligence is the ubiquity of busts: failures to
use the equipment correctly.      Even if the best cryptographic equipment we know how to build is available to them, criminal communications will only be secure to
the degree that the criminals energetically pursue that goal.  The
question thus becomes, ``If criminals energetically pursue secure
communications, will a government standard with a built in inspection
port, stop them.     It goes without saying that unless unapproved cryptography is outlawed, and probably even if it is, users bent on not having their
communications read by the state will implement their own encryption.
If this requires them to forgo a broad variety of approved products,
it will be an expensive route taken only by the dedicated, but this
sacrifice does not appear to be necessary.     The law enforcement function of the Clipper system, as it has been described, is not difficult to bypass.  Users who have faith in
the secret Skipjack algorithm and merely want to protect themselves
from compromise via the Law Enforcement Exploitation Field, need only
encrypt that one item at the start of transmission.  In many systems,
this would require very small changes to supporting programs already
present.  This makes it likely that if Clipper chips become as freely
available as has been suggested, many products will employ them in
ways that defeat a major objective of the plan.     What then is the alternative?  In order to guarantee that
the government can always read Clipper traffic when it feels the need,
the construction of equipment will have to be carefully controlled
to prevent non-conforming implementations.  A major incentive that
has been cited for industry to implement products using the new
standard is that these will be required for communication with the
government.  If this strategy is successful, it is a club that few manufacturers will be able to resist.  The program therefore threatens
to bring communications manufacturers under an all encompassing regulatory regime.     It is noteworthy that such a regime already exists to govern
the manufacture of equipment designed to protect `unclassified but
sensitive' government information, the application for which Clipper
is to be mandated.  The program, called the Type II Commercial COMSEC
Endorsement Program, requires facility clearances, memoranda of
agreement with NSA, and access to secret `Functional Security
Requirements Specifications.'  Under this program member companies
submit designs to NSA and refine them in an iterative process before
they are approved for manufacture.     The rationale for this onerous procedure has always been, and
with much justification, that even though these manufacturers build
equipment around approved tamper resistant modules analogous to the
Clipper chip, the equipment must be carefully vetted to assure that
it provides adequate security.  One requirement that would likely be
imposed on conforming Clipper applications is that they offer no
alternative or additional encryption mechanisms.     Beyond the damaging effects that such regulation would have
on innovation in the communications and computer industries, we must
also consider the fact that the public cryptographic community has
been the principal source of innovation in cryptography.  Despite
NSA's undocumented claim to have discovered public key cryptography,
evidence suggests that, although they may have been aware of the
mathematics, they entirely failed to understand the significance.  The
fact that public key is now widely used in government as well as
commercial cryptographic equipment is a consequence of the public
community being there to show the way.     Farsightedness continues to characterize public research in cryptography, with steady progress toward acceptable schemes for
digital money, electronic voting, distributed contract negotiation,
and other elements of the computer mediated infrastructure of the
future.     Even in the absence of a draconian regulatory framework, the
effect of a secret standard, available only in a tamper resistant
chip, will be a profound increase in the prices of many computing
devices.  Cryptography is often embodied in microcode, mingled on
chips with other functions, or implemented in dedicated, but standard,
microprocessors at a tiny fraction of the tens of dollars per chip
that Clipper is predicted to cost.
    What will be the effect of giving one or a small number of
companies a monopoly on tamper resistant parts?  Will there come a
time, as occurred with DES, when NSA wants the standard changed even
though industry still finds it adequate for many applications?  If
that occurs will industry have any recourse but to do what it is told?
And who will pay for the conversion?     One of the little noticed aspects of this proposal is the
arrival of tamper resistant chips in the commercial arena.  Is this
tamper resistant part merely the precursor to many?  Will the open
competition to improve semiconductor computing that has characterized
the past twenty-years give way to an era of trade secrecy?  Is it
perhaps tamper resistance technology rather than cryptography that
should be regulated?     Recent years have seen a succession of technological developments that diminish the privacy available to the individual.
Cameras watch us in the stores, x-ray machines search us at the
airport, magnetometers look to see that we are not stealing from the
merchants, and databases record our actions and transactions.  Among
the gems of this invasion is the British Rafter technology that
enables observers to determine what station a radio or TV is
receiving.  Except for the continuing but ineffectual controversy
surrounding databases, these technologies flourish without so much as
talk of regulation.
    Cryptography is perhaps alone in its promise to give us more
privacy rather than less, but here we are told that we should forgo
this technical benefit and accept a solution in which the government
will retain the power to intercept our ever more valuable and intimate
communications and will allow that power to be limited only by policy.
    In discussion of the FBI's Digital Telephony Proposal --- which would have required communication providers, at great expense to
themselves, to build eavesdropping into their switches --- it was
continually emphasized that wiretaps were an exceptional investigative
measure only authorized when other measures had failed.  Absent was
any sense that were the country to make the proposed quarter billion
dollar inventment in intercept equipment, courts could hardly fail to
accept the police argument that a wiretap would save the people
thousands of dollars over other options.  As Don Cotter, at one time
director of Sandia National Laboratories, said in respect to military
strategy: ``Hardware makes policy.''     Law, technology, and economics are three central elements of
society that must all be kept in harmony if freedom is to be secure.
An essential element of that freedom is the right to privacy, a right
that cannot be expected to stand against unremitting technological
attack.  Where technology has the capacity to support individual
rights, we must enlist that support rather than rejecting it on the
grounds that rights can be abused by criminals.  If we put the desires
of the police ahead of the rights of the citizens often enough, we
will shortly find that we are living in police state.  We must instead
assure that the rights recognized by law are supported rather than
undermined by technology.
    At NSA they believe in something they call `security in depth.'
Their most valuable secret may lie encrypted on a tamper resistant
chip, inside a safe, within a locked office, in a guarded building,
surrounded by barbed wire, on a military base.  I submit to you that
the most valuable secret in the world is the secret of democracy; that
technology and policy should go hand in hand in guarding that secret;
that it must be protected by security in depth.
    There is a crying need for improved security in American
communication and computing equipment and the Administration is
largely correct when it blames the problem on a lack of standards.
One essential standard that is missing is a more secure conventional
algorithm to replace DES, an area of cryptography in which NSA's
expertise is probably second to none.      I urge the committee to take what is good in the
Administration's proposal and reject what is bad. \begdis
      o The Skipjack algorithm and every other aspect of this proposal
      o I likewise urge the committee to recognize that the right
      o I further urge the committee to press the Administration

@_date: 1993-10-14 11:52:01
@_author: whitfield.diffie@Eng.Sun.COM 
@_subject: PK patents 
My name is on the exponential key exchange patent (4,200,770).  I
wasn't much involved in the filing process and the for all that it
pays me royalties and is of commercial significance, I didn't pay a
lot of attention to it.
    I can believe someone might write an entertaining article called
the ``The Public Key Patent Squabble,'' but I have no interest at
all in doing so.  What exactly do you think I should have included?
    No.  But after all, the RSA patent was filed from MIT by people
(R, S, and A) that I didn't know well till much later.  There may have
been some hankey pankey I didn't know about, but I certainly don't
recall the New York Times article you refer to.  The statement that
``They just got the application back rejected.''  Doesn't sound right
to me.  I presume that the Patent Office has to state why an
application is returned.  It's decisions, after all, are a constant
subject of litigation and it must have to be very careful about
following its own procedures.
    There was an interference between the RSA patent and the
Pohlig-Hellman patent, which is the reason RSA didn't issue till '83.
    Yes.  Is that irregular or are you referring to something I
haven't noticed?
    That's because, as discussed one of Tim's messages yesterday, I
normally send comments only to the people who posted and leave it to
them to repost to the whole list if they think what I said is
worthwhile.  Like Tim, I have noticed that the list is cluttered with
multiple responses to the same question.

@_date: 1996-03-23 05:34:17
@_author: whitfield.diffie@Eng.Sun.COM 
@_subject: Thanks for the keys 
I would like to thank the gentleman, who identified himself only
as a cypherpunk, who fetched my keys out of the door of my wife's car
(I frequently leave keys sticking in the doors of cars), knocked on
the window, and handed them to me.
   To those who have seen the Equinox TV piece on cryptography, I
will remark that it was the same set of keys and the same car
that appeared on that show.
