
@_date: 1996-12-10 23:31:45
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Another problem with IPG algorithm 
Igor, Also included in the more detailed explanation is the set of As, Bs, and
Cs that are used. Either the B or a C is prime in all instances,
I would agree with you if that was not the case. All 16384 numbers, 0
through 16383, are always generated. In addition of course, the numbers
between 16384 and each of the Cs are also generated but not used. Thus each of the C(JV) values are operating at different speeds and
produce a staccato, meaning in this case, something that is discontinious
or disjointed. However, the sum of series approaches an even distribution
in the almost precisely same manner as a true random number generator
approaches an even distribution. Thus over short frames variance is great
but over long frames, the frequency of occurrence tends to approach a
perfectly even distribution.
Also, keep in mind, that the values are never used directly - they are
only used as a variable for a three dimensional table lookup, where all three of the 4096 element tables are constantly changing depending upon
the the sum of the A(JV) variables combined with the initial settings,
which were initally determined determined by the user generated key, and other related information.   Also, remember that the order and the actual As, Bs, and Cs used are also
randomly arrived at by using the user defined key, 256 bytes or 8192
There is a lot more revealed at the web site. If you have further
interest, I would provide you, Igor, with source code for the algorithm, subject to a binding NDA. I think you will be suprised if
you examined it in detail.
With kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-12-10 23:49:22
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
Correction, an OTP means a One Time Pad. If it is used more than once, it
is not a One Time Pad. The likelihood of a duplicate random number series of any significant length of course is very remote. If it did occur and you were able to  to XOR the resultant ciphertexts together, partial or
complete compromise might be possible. An OTP means one time use period,
why call it a One Time Pad, why not call it a Random Number Series or some
other appellation.
This is just another example or more pendant pap. Obviously, you like
Paul, do not know what you are talking about. You have read some
textbooks and think that makes you are an expert. I suggest that you take
some time off and learn some IT and what an OTP is. It most certainly is
not two identical random number series. Not nearly as irrelevant as your meaningless dribble.
With Kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-12-11 00:49:45
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG algorithim 
Eric, unlike all the other forespeakers, I do appreciate the fact that
you tried to understand the algorithm and implement it. However, you
have several things wrong, the most important being that the PRNG
produces ONLY a seed for the main algorithm and over short sequences, for example 53^2, that is only slightly over  an average occurrence
of 8 each for the 256 ASC II characters, and the seed streams are
congruent. However, the algorithm uses a 3 dimensional table lookup to
translate the numbers to the Encryptor stream. I suggest that you get a free copy of the operating program, generate your
own key, and then run the output through any meaningful test that you
might desire. That would indeed establish whether or not our system does what we claim it will do or not. It does, but neither my words or your
partial tests prove anything. The expected occurrence of an identical repeat, that is a where the same
seed gives the same result is 1 in 2^36. Of course that does not mean that
the same resultant encryptor character might not be generate because there
are only 256 possibilities, so the same character would result from the
same seed at least 1 in 256 times, and of course statistically more
frequently than that, but the over sequence of events leading to the
production of that character is different. While I do appreciate your effort to understand and implement the
algorithm, it would be helpful if you would contact me first and get a
copy of the keys and everything detailed in the web site. I take it that
you used the abbreviated version, or failed to read all the information etal.
If you use the tables and so forth detailed at the web site and use the
full algorithm, the results will be far different as you will find.
 > > Wrong - the algorithms are specified at the web site - look again. You
cannot just use rand(). That is patently absurd.
from the key But they do not reference the same table entries either as is plain to see.
Your implementation, while appreciated, is plain flawed in many respects. We do not use any
special As, Bs and Cs. Any selection will do.  If you are going to implement that algorithm, please use all of it, not
just the seed generator. I grant you that with only 53 different
equations, the resultant seed numbers do not give a random CHI square,
especially over short frame sizes. Certainly over 53^2, it would give you
staccato results. Not only that, but they are congruent. Nevertheless,
this is more of the supercilious half ass crap that writers post. If you
implement the rest  of the algorithm, you will find that it does always
meet the Chi Square tests for randomness, not sometimes but always. I have
posted  over 200 megabytes of data to our web site and it is still there.
Pick any spot in the data, and run your chi squares tests on it. If you are going to try to critiqued the IPG algorithm, please use the
entire algorithm set out. There are so many things wrong with your
implementation, that it would take me days to cover everything.
I suggest that you get a sample copy of our operating program , generate
your own Keys and then analyze the output data. Then if it does not
perform as we have stated you can tear us apart. But your meaningless
jabberwocky means nothing other than you have at least tried to understand
the algorithm, which to repeat, we appreciate.

@_date: 1996-12-11 01:30:14
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Ignoramus Chewed-Off on IPG algorithm 
Yes, but using the algorithms set out at the web site and our own
byte keys, using the timing of keystrokes. Thus, we have randomized
them, in a manner similar, but far more complex,  to what Dr. Rivest did
in his systems, and what I have done previously at NSA.  > Only the DIFF and DISP tables are random transpositions of the numbers 0
- 4095, the DETR table is a random transposition of 16 sets of the numbers
0 - 255, the ASCII values.
Yes, but if you read the web site, you will find that those are only the
initial values. The user generated key, the most important element, and  the time and the message number, both of which are transmitted, are used
to further randomize the three tables.
Also, an user can customize their own initial values so that they are
unlike any other set of values.
In these respects, the technique is similar to aspects RC4/RC5, except far
more complex, three tables instead of 1, and 4096 values instead of 256. I
might add that the table lookup techniques are in effect similar to
prime number cipher wheel systems employed by NSA over the years for very
secure encryption systems, except that instead of the clear text providing
an additional variable, CFB, the PRNG stream, the ABC equations, does
Again, the best way to analyze the system is to get a copy and analyze the
results using your own keys. As indicated, we even provide a test
version where you can look at all the intermediate tables, the As, Bs, and
Cs actually used and everything.
With kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-12-11 01:41:23
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG algorithim 
Igor, Eric,
As I have noted to Eric, I appreciate that at least both of you are trying
to understand and implement the algorithm. My comments follow:
I agree, and as I have indicated elsewhere, either the B or the C is
is a prime number. The numbers in A, B, and C are not random numbers,
they are only selected randomly in a manner almost identical to a LOTTO selections, except that the pools are much larger and the order is
very significant.
There are so many things that are wrong with the Murray
implementation that it would be takes days to clarify it. It is simply not
the algorithm, nor even any significant part of it. The actual As, Bs and
Cs are specified at the Web ,site as is the algorithm for using the Key to
select the ones actually used. In the example, 53 of 512 As, 53 of 600
plus Bs, and 53 of some 500 plus Cs.
With Kindest Regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-12-11 01:47:11
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG algorithim 
Chi Squares alone are not sufficient but we are only talking about the
seed algorithm, and at our web sites, you will find Standard Deviations,
Chi Squares, Delta ICs, autocorrelations, cross correlations, and a
variety of other tests done on single characters, couplets - pairs,
first differences, second differences, offset differences and all kinds of
other tests.

@_date: 1996-12-11 01:51:04
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG algorithim 
More than amazing, it is all screwed up to. Random As, Bs, and Cs which
granted would never work, no 3 dimensional lookup tables and kinds of
other problems too.
But at least he and Igor are trying, and you to a degree too.
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-12-11 01:54:03
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG algorithim 
Everything is still screwed up. The As, Bs and Cs are selected in much the
same fashion as LOTTO numbers except that the pools are much larger and
order is significant. They are not random, that would never work.

@_date: 1996-12-11 01:55:46
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG algorithim 
Read the others, they are trying but like Dale Thorn said, they cannot do
it in a few minutes.
Thanks, Don Wood

@_date: 1996-12-11 02:06:37
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: more IPG and random numbers 
I agree generally to what Clay sets out below. However, the test cannot be
run apart from the other integral parts involved. Incidentally, try
running triplet, or even greater, autocorrelation of the 200 megabytes
set out at our web site. there is absolutely no problem. As indicated in
our statistics, we have already done that.
With Kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-12-11 02:45:00
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Ignoramus Chewed-Off on IPG algorithm 
I greatly appreciate the fact that you are looking at the algorithm.
You have the general idea but I do not believe that you have spent
enough time with it to understand what all is going on.
For instance, be advised that all Bs and Cs are not random numbers at all, but rather they are randomly selected from a previously selected
set of values, so that there are no repeats and all Bs are less than the
smallest possible C, and the sum of B plus C is always < 32761.
Furthermore, either B or C, one and sometimes both, are prime numbers.
You might have an A(i) value of zero, and will have it 1 in C(i)
iterations, but you can never have a b value of 0, or a C values or zero.
Nor can any set of:
          A(JV)=A(JV)+B(JV) MOD C(JV)
generate a partial set set of the possible C values because either the B
value or the C value is prime. Furthermore, initial A values are chosen so that A+ Bmax + Cmax is less
than 32761.
Accordingly the circumstances that you describe cannot occur. The
randomness referred to in the As, Bs, and Cs, result from the selection
process, not from the values themselves. It goes without saying that
using random values would not work, for the reason that you mention
plus other. For instance, there are no repeats between any of the As, Bs, and Cs which
is one indication that they are not random. To the contrary, the pool of
numbers are selected numbers, approximately 66% prime and 33% nonprime,
which maximizes the covariance, in a LP sense, with the modulos 4096 and
The selection process uses a key, generated by the user from the timing of
keystrokes, to select the which As, Bs and Cs will actually be used. I
tried to explain this in the detailed algorithm explanation. at the web

@_date: 1996-11-13 22:07:22
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: The Key for the IPG 200 Megabytes at NETPRIVACY.COM 
In response to the numerous requests for us to post the key that we used
to produce the almost 200 megabytes of raw encryptor stream at our web
site, we are pleased to provide the ASCII values of same as follows: OFFSET    0   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9
    0    237  55 181 123  98 190 172 218  32  95     1     76 254  70 151 109 109 115  87 146 142     2    233 129 176 197 154  22 122 168  96   9     3    115 234 241  54  78 120  81  33 128 196     4    177   8  69  53  71 116   0 245 126 158     5     29 239  80 219  86 236 193  50   7  31     6     84 188   5 215 175 213 222   4 180 144     7    187 162 205 215  60 144 120  75 195  66     8    178  81 212  56 123 177 189 113 101  91     9    211 194  48 171  17  64 197 118 148  24    10     32  67 114 171  26 131  19 149 121  32    11    235 112 114  45  28  80  37 142 138  15    12    229 228 155 214  66 246 174 195 224 215    13    116 233 106 209  66 233 175 229 244 245    14     74  81 136 163 100  21 114 240  48 184    15    124 151 145  74  34  33  14  70 132  37    16     82 253  70  97  72  20 106  41 162  30    17    136  18 105 227 219 232 121  49 119 218    18      6  97 193 180 228 204  92 158 116 222    19    145  91  34 200 199 235 178 116 103 196    20     79 104  90  22  69 212  91  65 171 133    21     92 208  76 127  37  83  92 140  27 249    22    229  22 132 205   5  67 203   8 196 141    23    136  80  68 156 228  38 254  97 170 179    24     43 152 124 172  91  52  79  94 248 131    25    202  82  36  41  11 229 As explained at the web site, that key is expanded to an 8192 byte key and
used as described therein.
                    In order for those few who have not had the opportunity to check it out,
we will leave it up another week and then take it down and put up a
new shorter one, maybe a 2,560,000 byte one permanently and a monthly
2,560,000 byte one where we publish the key each month. Of course, no university, coderpunk, or cypherpunk, or any collection of
same,  has broken the system, nor will they ever.  As most of you now
know, it is absolutely unbreakable. We have had over 100 universities,
IBM, Microsoft, Intel, hundreds of other corporations, several dozen
different government agencies, and thousands of other individuals to
download the data and look at the algorithm. Of course, like everyone
else, they have been benighted, even if some of them will not own up to
Several people have requested me to provide a narrative description of the
algorithm explaining why the raw encryptor output stream seems to be so
remarkably random. I am preparing such a document and it should be ready
next week, or the week after. I will post it accordingly.
Thanks so very much, Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-14 01:48:28
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Q.E.D |= Montgolfiering + Inbongis + Fermented Pear Juice 
Fermented Pear Juice == Supercilious Pap
         There they go again, the imperium, or so they think, of
         cryptographic shamans are trying to bamboozle list readers
         into believing their warped cryptographic gimcrackery. They
         do not need Zadoc to anoint themselves the Solomons of the
         cryptographic world. They think that they are perfectly
         capable of doing it to themselves. Have they ever
         cracked a single meaningful cryptographic system?  Have they ever
         implemented a significant cryptographic system?
         Of course, I am not speaking of Dr. Ron Rivest and other
         rightfully honored members, but rather of that ragtag group
         of cryptographic medicine men that think they have all the
         answers to all the questions, that is, the small cypherlunks
         subset of cypherpunks/coderpunks.  Despite their trifling
         anomalous performances, they have Napoleonically crowned
         themselves as the aristocracy of cryptography.  They are not
         "au fait" august, aureate practitioners, rather "au fond",
         they are narcistic harlequins, "fons et origino" of their own
         and claque homologated mirages of autistic cryptographic
         fantasies.
         Remember, how that self appointed College of Cryptographic
         Cardinals cannonaded me, and you, with a fusillade of self
         serving avowals such as, "we do not do it for money, we do it
         for the public good", "it is our duty to expose snake oil
         salesmen", "I feel a snake oil attack coming on", "it is a
         public service", "we owe it to the public, to protect them
         against charlatans," and on and on "ad nauseam," with their
         silly putty rodomontades.  Now that their pusillanimity has
         been exposed for all to see clearly, they have apparently
         adopted the opportune, timorous motto of "sauve qui puet."
         They have proved themselves to be an alliance of fainaiguers
         that change their tunes when called to task. How many of them
         want to do it for the public good, now ? How many want to
         expose the snake oil salesman, now? How many of them want to
         protect the public, now? Not one. Show me, us,  one of them
         that is not intellectually tremulous. They leaped into the
         contest when they sensed blood, but now they realize that it
         is their blood to be spilled, they shirk from their
         intellectual responsibilities. All of the Sir Galihads and
         Sir Lancelots of yesterday, have proved themselves to be
         Sir Coward Chickens now, as everyone can plainly discern.
         Most of them have chosen the exeunt course and are now hiding
         their heads in the sand, hoping that no one will take note of
         them.
         Where are all those chivalrous cryptographic knights now? I
         am sure that if asked, most would reply to the effect that
         they are "otherwise engaged," which parses to "nonpossumus,"
         and only the most naive could fail to recognize that. What
         has become of their chivalry?  Quite simply, the impersonate
         knights have become loathly benighted.
         The cypherlunks, riffraff, were quick to engage in jousting
         over OTP logomachy because they thought that all they had to
         do was beat their fingers on the keyboard and cite Shannon.
         The neologizing of the term "Software OTP," drove them into
         an uncontrolled frenzy of attacks. Alas, to do so, did not
         tax their notional mental facilities.
         On the other hand, when challenged to demonstrate their
         cryptanalytical skills, the cypherlunks became panic stricken
         and in mass hysteria took flight in frightened awe of the IPG
         algorithm.  Their knightly bravado and braggadocio were
         hastily jettisoned in their wild flight away and superseded
         by their otiose nihility.
         That flock of cryptographic turkeys, a.k.a. cypherlunks,  flew          off to their clangorous roosts. There, though the more
         intelligent became quiescent as circumstances dictated, the
         court jesters started wildly flapping their wings and
         gobbling out their gobbledygook in order to becloud and
         confuse people about the proffer of the heretic.  Those
         clowns were, and are, trying to create the illusion that
         their incondite cryptographic skills are irrefutable because
         they say it is so, and that makes it so.
         I think that those cypherlunk fabulists should adopt the
         apropos motto, "Talk very loudly and carry a tiny turkey
         feather duster." Their quixotic sallies into cryptanalytics
         are quintessential asininities.  They are not subduing great
         crypto dragons, or giants, or even midgets, not even
         windmills; they, even more than Quixote, are merely
         fantasizing their efficaciousness.  Their only significant
         cryptographic artifices are locked forever within the
         confines of their convoluted individual and collective minds.
         The cypherlunk's nympholeptic calliope of reciprocal
         "inbongis" is indicative proof of their total capitulation in
         the face of the impregnable IPG algorithm.  Their clannish
         drum beating, high fiving, and back slapping of each other is
         reactionary declamatory histrionics. What a tragic waste.
         If there was only some way to channel and divert that energy
         atrophy into productive causes. For example, illimitable
         outrage against the dissonant alliance of Freeh and Saddam
         Hussein in trying to prevent their citizenry from having
         unbreakable encryption technologies. Gore and Rashanjanti are
         also advocating similar polices with respect to encryption           restrictions.
         We must recognize that Gore, Reno, Freeh, Exon, and others          similarly situated believe they are doing what is right. The
         fact though is, that by so doing they are becoming welcome allies
         of Hussein, Qadaffi, Rashanjanti, Castro and other
         human rights oppressors. That is a red flag if there was ever
         one. It raises the irreconcilable question of how can
         both groups in such an unseemly alliance be right.
         Obviously they cannot. Accordingly, that existential          incongruence succinctly points out the dichotomous character of
         the question of whether or not unbreakable encryption
         technologies should be made openly available to everyone.
         In reality, the question though is not even close.  While
         granted that there may be some criminals and terrorists who
         will pervert the use of encrypted communications, the number
         is extremely small because most such malefactors are far too
         ignorant and in too much of a hurry. If we spent a fraction of
         the saved money on openly bribing accomplices,  far better
         emanations would be forthcoming. Furthermore, even if
         unbreakable encryption systems were allowed, law
         enforcement would still have an immense arsenal, existing and
         developing,  of far more efficacious technological weapons
         available to them.          Cryptanalytics has become the tiny tail that continues to wag the
         immense dog of intelligence gathering. A few powerful oligarchs
         are screaming "the sky is falling, the sky is falling," in order
         to protect their "Hillistic" empires. Wake up, the sky is not
         falling, and it is not going to fall anytime soon. Oh, those
         all powerful empire builders think they are doing what is proper
         and prudent for our country and its people, but they are
         absolutely wrong.               The good far outweighs the bad on the balance scales. We
         desperately need unbreakable encryption technologies to aid and
         abet freedom fighters against tyranny around the world, and that
         is the reason that Hussein, Castro, Rashanjanti, and others of
         that persuasion are opposed to unbreakable encryption systems.
         We also need it in order to make it possible for individuals to          protect their privacy in the onrushing information age. We also
         need it to so that businesses can protect their proprietary and          other vital interests when essentially everything goes online.
         Unbreakable encryption will also insure for all people that
         governments do not wantonly intrude into their lives.
         To paraphrase FDR, "the only thing that we have to fear about
         unbreakable encryption systems, is the misplaced fear that it          will do more harm than good." If the Internet and the Information
         Age are to achieve their potential to build us a better world,
         then unbreakable encryption technologies must be one of the
         irreplaceable cornerstones on which such a future can be
         built.
         We, who favor the advancement of the view that I am advocating,          will not win by adhering to reactionary defensive tactics. We
         must go on the offensive. We need to bombard our Representatives
         and Senators with e-mail questioning why Castro, Freeh, Gore,
         Hussein, Qadaffi, Rashanjanti, Reno, Sung, Jr. and others that
         disagree about almost everything else are allies with respect to
         denying the public the use of unbreakable encryption technologies.
         Also, ask them,  how are we ever going to be able to
         address the privacy issues in the information age without
         such encryption systems.  Additionally, tell them about how we
         are handing over a multi-billion dollar market to foreign
         competitors because of the ITAR export ban, billions of  dollars
         a year now and growing.          We can win this affray because we are obviously in the right
         but we must become much more proactive by making everyone aware          of all of the good things that will accrue  to our human
         species by doing what we are advocating, That is the only real
         way to effectively combat those who mistakenly are taking the
         myopic view that we should not do it because it will          help the criminals and terrorists. Guns and explosives
         help maleficence elements too, but we do not outlaw them because
         they serve other very useful purposes, and the same thing is
         obviously true with with respect to unbreakable encryption
         technologies.
         Back to the IPG system, we believe that you would like to
         know that commencing this date, IPG is advertising as
         follows:
         "In addition to posting the algorithm(s) at our web site:
                                IPG has also posted the algorithm(s) to a number of other
         sites, including Universities in the United States and
         Canada, as well as the famed Cypherpunks and Coderpunks
         lists. Since the IPG algorithm is impregnable, obviously no
         individual, or collection of individuals, from said
         Universities, the Cypherpunks, or the Coderpunks has been
         able to crack the system. Of course, this inability to do the
         impossible applies not only to the present but for all time,
         for all eternity."
         Of course what we are saying is obviously true, and we thought
         you might want to know.
Thanks so very much,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-23 00:51:59
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Q.E.D |= Montgolfiering + Inbongis + Fermented Pear Juice + AGA 
Several of them are. And if I am to believe your private
postings of the past, you have tried but failed, and are thusly
understandably frustrated.  Sorry about that old chap, but the last Englishmen that had the power
to command us here in the States was George III, and he was a mad
ignorant lunatic Englishman like you. I am not as adept at telling you off
as AGA,  but obviously you insignificant English pawns think that that
you still rule the world. In your ignorance, you are not aware but here in
the United States we have certain rights, that you parasites, not all but
those like you,  in the United Kingdom can no longer deprive us of. Try
reading Thomas Jefferson, Patrick Henry, Thomas Paine, and hundreds of
others. We are no longer yours to command, Dei Gratita.   Break my system and I will gladly crawl back into the hole that you
somehow think I have emerged from. Until that time, which
thus obviously means forever, or at least without definable limits, you
may expect me to continue to make postings as I may see fit, or respond to
your senseless jabberwocky. You and some of the other  cypherpunks,
coderpunks are cryptographic quacks, you read Shannon and Schenier, and
hang out shingle as a cryptographic expert, when you have no knowledge of
the subject whatsoever. You need to be exposed as the quack you are. Of course, the real problem is that you, cannot break my system, you are clueless about how to do that and you know it. You
have never broken any significant crypto system and you never will because you do not know how. You are a great pretentious turkey, that flaps
his wings and spreads all kinds of crappy gobbledegook because that is
all they know how to do. Every forum like this has their flocks of those turkeys, like you, because it puffs up their hyperdeflated ego. As to your other postings alleging a break, you know that is not true.
You, John and Adam posted a bunch of crap. Even Perry, has given up
trying to perpetuate that factoid. Even the alleged break was not a
system break, it might have been used to break an individual messages, or some messages but that was not the algorithm and you know it. You are a
practioner of Gimcrackery and everyone knows it, including you. There are a lot of serious professional people on the Cypherpunks and
Coderpunks lists, but you are certainly not among them. With respect to
you and a few others, I might paraphrase one of your own, one who I
respect enormously as does most other Americans, that being Winston
Churchill. Paraphrasing Sir Winston, "Never have so few, said so much and thought they had done so much, when in fact they had said nothing and
done nothing except to splutter baneful balderdash."  You individually, and as a member of the crytographic claque, have done
enough unwarranted inbongis to  remind me of Rousseau words:
         "The less reasonable a cult is, the more men seek to
                     establish it by force."
Or better still and more succinct, another of your own, Sir Alfred North
Whitehead, another Englishman that I admire, who said:
         "There is no greater hinderance to the progress of thought                than an attitude of irritated party-spirit." Read the postings made in response to my postings. From the beginning,
they have invoked an irritated party-spirit, fortunately not of the
many but only the few of the lunatic fringe of the Cypherpunks -
Coderpunks, like you. Another Englishmen, Alexander Pope in verse said it well too:
           "The ruling passion, be it what it will
            The ruling passion conquers reason still."
Your, and the lunatic fringe's ruling passion that you know it all, that
you are right and that makes it right is more of your Delphic
Neanderthal thinking. "Sans doubte," your need for rinforzando dictums is
obviously results from the fact that you are absolutely illuminiferous.  I do not know what you have never hear, but I have heard and read enough
of your sententious pap to realize that you do not know what you are
writing about. Your ignorance is sublime, you are not only dumb, and
dumber, but you are obviously the dumbest of the dumb with possibly the
exception of fermented pear juice, and with the cypherpunk - coderpunk
imperium, that is saying a lot.  Lead on McPuff(ery),
With the kindest personal regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-23 01:13:44
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
Do not belive it, it will never happen. It is impossible,  and we can
prove it to your satisfaction.
Please be advised that effective immediately any U.S. or Canadian
corporation (ltd), organization or government group may now receive a free
IPG demonstration system, it has some limitations but it does  allow users
to see how easy it is to use the system compared to existing antiquated
systems. It will also allow users to prove to themselves that the security
is truly peerless.
This offer does not apply to individual users.
To obtain your organization free operational demonstration copy, please
send an e-mail request to:
        ipgsales at cyberstation.net
You must include your snail-mail address and telephone number in said
request. The pcopy will allow for multiple users.
With kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-29 23:40:56
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
Amen, and that is only a small part of the gobbldegook that  Bradley and
his claque  have turkey squatted on you. As I have said before,
    PBradleyinfo = PBradleyinfo log_base_infinity PBradleyinfo Thanks Dr. Vulis and DT and others for yur kindness.
With Kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 00:15:07
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
Shannon did, but Paul Bradley and friends(sic) proved that he/they could
brute force OTPs, its on the record, so I guess Shannon was wrong, Nes
pas?  Someone as certain of his facts as PB cannot possibly be wrong, or
did he say he was asleep - I guess so, he is obviously always asleep.
I also can prove that our algorithm cannot be broken. All you
have to do is to examine the algorithm and you will understand why it is
unbreakable. That is a lot of chutzpah, but once you understand the
algorithm and how simple it is to prove its unbreakability, then you will
understand that our claim is absolutely correct.
Unfortunately, many of you would rather beat your fingers on the
keyboard about the abstract than find out the truth for yourself. It
is really very simple. Again, I repeat, if you would like a free copy,
please send a e-mail request to:
                     ipsales at cyberstation.net
As for the algorithm, it is at:
                     netprivacy.com
With kindest regards, Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 00:21:22
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
To repeat Frantz', I thought Shannon proved OTPs were unbreakable. I can
also assure you that they are unbreakable, because you cannot solve a
three variable equation where only one variable is known, ie. the
ciphertext. That is a fact, not an opinion like God, or Oswald, there are
facts and opinions. It is a fact that OTPs are unbreakable and it is a
fact that our system is unbreakable. Q.E.D. for the very same reasons
except that we must use exclusionary proof instead of inclusionary proof
like Shannon. With Kindest Regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 00:27:49
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
That is one reasonable interpretation/explanation  of what we are doing.
It is also extremely fast and is used one time only, guaranteed unless the
user deliberately sabotages their own system.
The process is quite simple and discussed in detail at our web site,
               netprivacy.com
Obviously, a number of you have read it. With kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 00:41:41
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
More nonsense - unbreakable means that you cannot determine what the
plaintext is. Shannon proved that you cannot prove what the plaintext
is for OTPs, or for the system we have developed either. The fact that it
could possibly be any plain text simply is another way of saying that it
is unbreakable, they are one and the same thing. Like so many you are
talking in circles and do not know what you are talking about or you
would not waste your time on such nonsense - Paul Bradley even knows how
to brute force OTPs, so you must be wrong there to.
With Kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 01:00:20
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken!  Chudov - Thorn etal, 
To quote the bard, King John, Act II at the end, Mad World, Mad Kings, Mad
Composition. We have repeatedly stated that we do not generate random
numbers, and agree that only hardware can generate true random numbers. I
have worked on more OTPs than probably all of the public responders to the cypherpunks lists put together. I know what kinds of tests that an OTP
must pass, and what they look like - I have designed very comprehensive
systems to analyzed them.
What I was trying to do,  using the neologism of "Software OTP," was to
point out that the encryptor stream will pass any of the tests that as
hardware produced OTP will. It is quite remarkable that so many of you
Simpleton's talk about the system without looking at it. Many of you have
and have found it to be intriguing. Paul Bradley admits to downloading the
system, he spent over five hours doing it according to our log, but he says
that he never did anything with it. Anyone that believes that also
believes that Paul knows how to brute force OTPs.
With Kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 01:10:43
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Don Woods -- Crypto Creationist - Shannon Proof 
You are correct other than for the fact that we have posted the
       And we have proven that it is unbreakable, as most of you are aware. Just look at the algorithm and you will understand why! It is self evident as
proven by Shannon. Also, there is no "s" in my last name, it is Wood, though call me
anything that you like. Also, as far as Perry not responding to me, he does but not on the
Cypherpunks list anymore. The other list is not personal, so we correspond
in private,
With kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 01:15:19
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
I cannot argue with that, obviously he is correct.
Paul Bradley and others believe that you can brute force One Time Pads.
Of course, you cannot and neither can you brute force our system. It is
mathematically impossible as we have expounded on at length in past
With Kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 01:20:59
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
I agree entirely, it is self evident that our system is unbreakable. Look
at it, as this author obviously has, and you will discover that truth for
With kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 01:26:31
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
That is impossible, it is self evident that it cannot be done. There are
some people who are trying to break it, but they will obviously find that
is impossible.
Give up, no one can break the IPG system. That is a fact, not an opinion,
like some of the cypherpunks.
With kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 01:57:21
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
No correct period, for the same reason. To paraphrase Gertrude Stein, an
OTP is an OTP is an OTP.
More dumbest information, from FAT BRAIN. If an OTP is used more than
once, it is not an OTP by definition. Plaintext xor Plaintext, even in
derivative forms. Like so much of his dribble, that paragraph contains some words but I challenge anyone to tell us what it means. It simply
does not say anything which translates into anything meaningful.    Frequently, you fill in some, and maybe even all of the plaintext, if you
have part of the plain text, for example if you have the partial signature
of a message emanating from the White House of:
       Wi      Jef            on
You might reasonably conclude that the missing characters could be filled
in to be:        William Jefferson Clinton
Two plaintexts xored together can reveal much more than you might think.
With Kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 02:05:10
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
More gobbledegook about nothing. Yes it is perfect and yes it is
Play it Paul, (or is it Sam, or fatbrain).
Never has one person said so much and said nothing,
Lead on McPuff(ery)
With kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 02:15:40
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
Yes, McPuff, what does it mean. Like all of your other pabulum, it does not
mean anything that has any significance to anyone living or yet to live.
I also greatly appreciate you defining unicity distance for me, I have
always wanted to know that.
With kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-30 02:23:19
@_author: wichita@cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Provably "Secure" Crypto (was: IPG Algorithm Broken!) 
Not only that But I have proven that the IPG system is perfect, see the
proof at:
            And you can prove it to yourself, it is patently self evident iwhen you
examine the algorithm and uinderstand what it does.Need I say more.
Find out yourself.
Your friend,
Don Wood
With Kindest regards,
Don Wood
