
@_date: 2002-10-22 02:02:27
@_author: Wireless Offers 
@_subject: FREE Nokia Phone with FREE Long Distance! 
Get your FREE* Nokia 3390 Cell Phone! NOW!
Just one easy step and the hottest new cell phone on the market is all yours!!!
Order Now and Receive:
UNLIMITED Weekend Minutes
FREE Long Distance
& NO Roaming Charges!
Click below to learn more about the Free Nokia 3390
 at MINDER.NET
This offer Includes the Get More Plus Plan - 600 Whenever Minutes - Unlimited Weekend Minutes - Free Nationwide Long Distance - Free Digital Roaming Nationwide - Voicemail with Messaging Alert - Caller ID, Call Waiting, Call Hold - Ping Pong- 50 Text Message Click below to learn more about the Free Nokia 3390 or call 1-800-300-7066 and mention bonus code 14078 & ref code co1021tx
 at MINDER.NET
OR Take advantage of this great offer:
Get 2 Free* phones with unlimited calling between them and FREE long distance all on one bill!!!  Great for family or friends who want to stay in touch!
Click Below to learn more about getting 2 Free Nokia 3390's on the Voicestream FamilyTime Plan  at MINDER.NET
* Phone free after instant rebate.  This offer is fulfilled by InPhonic, and authorized dealer for Voicestream Wireless and T-Mobile.  Offer subject to credit approval or deposit, and is available to customers activating a new line of service on a one-year contract with Voicestream Wireless.  Early termination fees may apply.  Not all US markets are served by Voicestream Wireless or T-Mobile.  If you are in a non-Voicestream Wireless or T-Mobile area you will receive another great offer from another major wireless company.  Other restrictions apply, see full offer for details.  Offer expires October 31, 2002.  Offer may vary.  Click to view the offer, Call the Toll free number provided above, or send offer inquiries to InPhonic, Inc., 9301 Peppercorn place, Largo, MD  20774.
Your privacy is extremely important to us. You requested to receive this mailing, by registering at SavingsEngine.com or by subscribing through one of our marketing partners. As a leader in email marketing, we are committed to delivering a highly rewarding experience, with offers that include bargains, entertainment, and money-making ideas.  However, if you wish to unsubscribe, please copy and paste the following link into your web browser:   at MINDER.NET
Third-party offers contained in this email are the sole responsibility of the offer originator.
