
@_date: 1994-08-17 09:21:13
@_author: Bill O'Hanlon 
@_subject: cfs & remailers 
I considered it, for the remailer at rebma.mn.org.  I'm already running CFS
for personal entertainment & education, so it's a possibility.
Here's my assumptions about how I'd operate it:
1) CFS file systems are mounted sometime after boot, manually, by me.  The
   passphrase is entered at mount time.  (Obviously, supplying the passphrase
   via an /etc/rc script defeats any security that CFS might add.)
2) The file systems remain mounted throughout the uptime of the system, since
   mail can come in at any arbitrary time, primarily while I sleep.
3) If someone comes knocking loudly at my door to do the raid thing, I'll    have bigger things to worry about than unmounting the CFS file systems.
   My wife and daughter will be formost on my mind.
I thought of two problems with it.
1) I'd not only have to put the home directory of the remailer user under CFS,
   but also the uucp and sendmail spool directories.  (Rebma has a UUCP    connection for getting mail.)  Otherwise, security would be pointless, since
   the messages would be coming in the clear to the spool directories.  Maybe
   this wouldn't be so bad, but it seems like I'd have to do a lot of    tinkering before I'd trust that sendmail wasn't gonna drop my other mail
   on the floor.  (I get some consulting-type mail on this machine.     Potentially, I can miss out on financial opportunity if my mail is not    dependable.  Chalk my caution up to pure greed.)
2) I'd have to come up with some kludge to spool the incoming mail files in
   a directory if the CFS file systems weren't mounted.  (For example, if    power failed on the machine, or it crashed and otherwise rebooted, and I
   didn't notice and wasn't around to type the passphrase in to remount the
   CFS system.)  Those two thoughts make me question what security I'm buying for my trouble.
Seems to me what I'm getting is protection from a law enforcement type or other
computer thief who unplugs my machine and takes it away.  (If they want to
make a backup before turning the machine off, with the CFS file systems
mounted, they have to spend some time at it.)
The people whose security would be helped are those who do a single hop or send unencrypted mail through the remailer.  People who use the remailer
properly already have encrypted their mail.
I guess that I thought it was too much effort to do, given that the only people
who would derive added security are those who were too stupid to use the remailer properly in the first place.
Anyone see a flaw in my reasoning?  I actually was considering doing it anyway,
just for the fun of it, when I had free time.  If there is some valid security reason, it might move up on my to-do list.

@_date: 1994-08-17 16:16:18
@_author: Bill O'Hanlon 
@_subject: cfs & remailers 
I skipped a step in giving my assumptions.  By "people who use the remailer
properly" I mean people who encrypt AND chain through multiple remailers.
In that case, even if I were to keep logs, all that anyone would know from
a message is that a particular user used a remailer, or that a particular
cleartext message had a certain remailer as its jumpoff point.  Not both.
(Unless, of course, I'm in collusion with other remailer operators.  But that's
also a non-code issue.)
I'm not interested/concerned with preserving the security of the people who
don't chain and encrypt.
That's an interesting and valid point.  I can see some sense in an
encrypted file system for mail spools, just to highlight a philosophical
point or to help create a new net-wide philosophy for the handling of email.
I'm not sure that security is improved, however.
I half-expect Eric or Tim to jump in here to point out that this is one
of those situations where you have to define who your enemy is, and to make
sure that your efforts apply to the situation.
My personal situation is, I run a remailer on a home Unix machine via a phone line UUCP feed.  I am the only user of this machine, so I do not
have to defend against users with local access.  My efforts are intended to
block the following foes: my service provider and any node upstream of it,
thieves/misguided law enforcement types, and phone taps.  Encrypting something
that I receive in the clear over an insecure line isn't useful.
Of course, this is very specific to my situation.  I expect that there exists
sites where running CFS for the spools makes sense.  The fact that Matt Blaze
has said he has put some effort into making that possible just reinforces that.
This conversation is making me think that I should follow some other remailers
and make the remailer at rebma only allow encrypted traffic, since I have such
a low-opinion of unencrypted traffic.
Now, when we're all running our mail traffic over something like swIPe, such
that all connections are encrypted...  And if I got an encrypted UUCP
connection...  That might change things.
Then again, if you want security, encrypt it and chain remailers, regardless.
Sorry.  I'm rambling.  I won't dignify it by calling it "brainstorming."....

@_date: 1994-07-08 14:00:41
@_author: Bill O'Hanlon 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: BSD random() - any good (source included) 
The reason for this is that people can usually get a hint; there's been no
need for a formal standard, because when someone does something irritating
several people shout, and the person has (with a couple of wild exceptions)
quit the irritating behavior.
You don't seem as far around the bend as either of the wild exceptions that
come to mind (Detweiler and that weird fellow that raved for about two weeks
two months ago) so I'm guessing you wouldn't want to be lumped in with them.
But by continuing to defend what obviously irritated a half dozen people,
with plenty more like me agreeing but unwilling to join in the fray to compound the problem, that's what you're courting.

@_date: 1994-07-11 13:20:19
@_author: Bill O'Hanlon 
@_subject: remailer@remba.mn.org offline. 
Graham, you mispelled the name of the remailer, in this case.  The
correct address is remailer at rebma.mn.org, not remailer at remba.mn.org.
(Sorry about the poor name for the machine; this is a pretty common error
for people sending mail to my home machine.  I originally named it back when
there wasn't any such thing as domain naming, and I needed a world-unique name
for the UUCP project.  "Rebma" was the only placename from Zelazny's "Amber"
series that wasn't already in-use at the time.  It SEEMED like a good idea,

@_date: 1994-06-27 15:03:50
@_author: Bill O'Hanlon 
@_subject: Sternlight 
Has anyone else noticed that David Sternlight has been quiet for the past two weeks or so?
I hope he's not like you-know-who in that mentioning his name summons the
ObCrypto: Maybe he has decided that PGP 2.6 is okay, and now has had the
          wind removed from his sails...   Doubt it.

@_date: 1994-06-28 09:35:46
@_author: Bill O'Hanlon 
@_subject: Sternlight 
Oooh.  Thank you, Tim.  This is exactly the kind of response I'd half hoped
for, and didn't think I'd get.  I was hoping someone HAD seen Sternlight, and
that he hadn't just been out of town or something.  It cheers me that he is
around but not prodding people on newsgroups that I am interested in.  There's
hope that his crypto-noise will die down, then.
I don't always disagree with him, either, but I don't like what the results are
once he takes a position on a news group.  Once, I talked (via email) him into
not posting to sci.crypt, for no other reason than because there were people
who had an emotional investment in putting him down, and the resulting arguments had nothing to do with sci.crypt.
Hmm.  As an attempt to legitimize this note in the crypto sense, does anyone
have an opinion as to whether or not I should upgrade the version of PGP I'm
using for the remailer at rebma.mn.org?  I'm using 2.3a, currently.

@_date: 1995-01-26 15:58:49
@_author: Bill O'Hanlon 
@_subject: Even more unix holy war. Was "Clinton freezes U.S. assets .." 
(I'm assuming you're being sarcastic.)
I had agreed with Perry's statement when I saw it.  I've taught classes in both
DOS and UNIX.  Whenever I've taught people who knew next to nothing about
computers, I found people were able to attain a basic "user" sort of skill
level in about the same amount of time with about the same difficulty when learning either.
If you're going to be snotty and sarcastic, the least you could do is provide
a counter-example, to give us something to discuss.  After you showed your
heinie (IMHO) in your comments about operating system security the other day.
I'd think you'd have lost credibility to gain.  I mean, I was tempted to
make a comment to you much like the one you made to Perry, but I didn't think
it was worth the time.

@_date: 1995-01-27 14:05:18
@_author: Bill O'Hanlon 
@_subject: Oops, Correction: one big error in "Even more unix holy war." 
It just gets worse and worse.
James, the debugging environment I've been referring to, and the product
I've been debugging is written in C++.  Let me be perfectly clear, here:
The product is an embedded processor.
I'm running a development environment on a Sun workstation.
The code running on the processor is written in C++.
The debugger is a symbolic debugger, and it can do breakpoints on lines of
code, displays of expressions involving symbolic names, and all of the other
points about debuggers that I recall you making.
The code uses all C++ features quite heavily.
There is no C or C++ interpretation involved.
The environment is freely available.
