
@_date: 2000-11-09 15:48:16
@_author: Bill O'Hanlon 
@_subject: CDR: Life imitates Art 
The current situation reminds me of the movie RoboCop.  There's a
scene where a city bureaucrat is holding a bunch of city employees
hostage after he lost the election.  He might be the mayor -- I
don't remember for sure.  He's shouting his demands to the cops
outside the city building.  The relevant line from the movie is
something like , "I demand a RECOUNT!  And regardless of how the
recount turns out, I WANT MY OLD JOB BACK!"
Bill O'Hanlon                                                   wmo at pro-ns.net
Professional Network Services, Inc.                             612-379-3958

@_date: 2000-11-19 12:50:21
@_author: Bill O'Hanlon 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ssz.com network trouble 
Already in place.  cypherpunks at ds.pro-ns.net is the address.
Mail to majordomo at ds.pro-ns.net to get on the list.
It's served by one of my machines at the ISP that I own.  Bandwidth
is dedicated and reliable.
It's been running for several months.  I'm just not good at marketing.
Bill O'Hanlon                                                   wmo at pro-ns.net
Professional Network Services, Inc.                             612-379-3958

@_date: 2000-10-05 10:46:20
@_author: Bill O'Hanlon 
@_subject: CDR: Disposable remailers 
I've started a small project, and I'm curious to know if others
think there's any long-term value to it.  Dallas Semiconductor
makes a small Java-based computer called the TINI.  (Check out
 for details.)  The unit itself is the
size of a memory SIMM and costs $35.  The card isn't too useful
until you add their socket board which costs $30 or so and provides
an Ethernet port, a serial port, and a connector for power.  The
OS for the TINI has a complete TCP/IP stack, and has a nice Java
My idea was to make a throwaway remailer.  For $80 worth of materials,
you can have a unit that can remail messages in the Cyperpunks
tradition.  It could be easily hidden.
Here's the pros and cons as I see them:  Pros:
I'm envisioning that the code would announce itself to some set of
web servers so that people can know where to find a few of these
transient remailers when they wanted to send some messages.
I've already got a small chunk of code that can do some crude
remailing, so the basic idea works.
Does this seem useful to anyone?  The TINI is fun to tinker with,
so I'm not out anything if someone points out a hugely glaring hole
in the idea, here.  One hole that I've already noticed is that the
code that runs on a TINI could just as easily run on a Windows
machine and do the same job, and there's been very little interest
in having a widespread network of little remailers for workstations.
Bill O'Hanlon                                                   wmo at pro-ns.net
Professional Network Services, Inc.                             612-379-3958
