
@_date: 1998-01-06 21:11:13
@_author: ww44me@ix.netcom.com 
@_subject: Looking For Extra Cash??? 
Hello my name is Denette,
PRINT this letter, read the directions, THEN READ IT AGAIN !!!
The company I was working for just went out of business and I've been looking for a job.  I always used to delete unsolicited e-mail advertisements before I finished reading them.  I received what I assumed was this same e-mail countless times and deleted it each time.
Recently I received it again and thought , "OK, I give in, I'm going to try this, I need the money.  I can certainly afford to invest $20 and, on the other hand, there's nothing wrong with creating a little excess cash."  I promptly mailed four $5 bills and after receiving the reports, paid a friend of mine a small fee to send out some e-mail advertisements for me.  After reading the reports, I also learned how easy it is to bulk e-mail for free! You just need to follow the directions EXACTLY and you will reap the rewards also.  Read this letter, pick a lifelong dream you have and apply the letter and you will achieve success.  It really is that easy.  You don't need to be a wizard at the computer, but I'll bet you already are.   If you can open an envelope, remove the money, and send an e-mail message, then you're on your way to the bank.  If I can do this, so can you!
                       GO FOR IT NOW!!
The following is a copy of the e-mail I read:
This is a LEGAL, MONEY-MAKING PHENOMENON.
PRINT this letter, read the directions, THEN READ IT AGAIN !!!
You are about to embark on the most profitable and unique program you may ever see.  Many times over, it has demonstrated and proven its ability to generate large amounts of cash.  This program is showing fantastic appeal with a huge and ever-growing on-line population desirous of additional This is a legitimate, LEGAL, money-making opportunity.  It does not require you to come in contact with people, do any hard work, and best of all, you never have to leave the house, except to get the mail and go to the bank!  This truly is that lucky break you've been waiting for!  Simply follow the easy instructions in this letter, and your financial dreams will come true! When followed correctly, this electronic, multi-level marketing program works perfectly...100% EVERY TIME! Thousands of people have used this program to:
    -  Raise capital to start their own business
    -  Pay off debts
    -  Buy homes, cars, etc.,     -  Even retire! This is your chance, so don't pass it up!
