
@_date: 1994-08-20 17:23:22
@_author: Kragen J. Sittler 
@_subject: Come On 
Connie Sadler:
jdblair is pointing out that the women in the movie are sexually
objectified, reduced to objects without minds.
This is unrelated to 6).  'Monkeywrenching' is the practice of
sabotaging 'the system' so that it won't damage nature, usually.  In
this case, it's more likely that he's talking about sabotaging the
The term is named after the Edward Abbey novel _The Monkey Wrench
Gang_, in which a group of people go around destroying heavy
machinery, bridges, billboards, and so forth, because they are
damaging the environment.
I think the conspiratorial atmosphere tends to attract men more than
women.  That's why there are so few women, IMHO.
I think you've misinterpreted it.

@_date: 1994-07-19 01:37:30
@_author: Kragen J. Sittler 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol 
Karl Lui Barrus:
Salting the deck before hashing it could prevent the above attack.
Hopefully not too many people will suggest this on the list. :)

@_date: 1994-07-19 01:57:39
@_author: Kragen J. Sittler 
@_subject: Sue D. Nym 
I think that the evidence is pretty strong that Sue isn't Larry.
She's another person completely, with a different posting style, a
moderate feminist and extreme leftist political stance, a willingness
(possibly, probably IMHO) to forward unsubstantiated libels (Ollie
North smuggling drugs?  How likely is that?), a great deal of
sensitivity to the feelings of others, and a beautiful capacity to find
symbolism.  I could be wrong about any or all of these, but they are
my impression on reading her posts, both here and from the new-age
religion group.
I suggest that the cypherpunks list has been dominated by a few people
to a great extent.  They're highly intelligent people, their ideas are
worth listening to, but they don't take well to being challenged.  I
think that if we are to maintain a rational view of reality, we must
listen to the views of people from outside.  The tone has been rather
paranoid IMHO much of the time.
My opinion is that the repressive government shit that several
prominent and articulate cypherpunks fear so greatly is unlikely, for
the simple reason that the government is in the process of communist
collapse.  If it takes on health-care as well as all of the things it
has taken on so far, it will die from the inside much faster.  I
predict within two or three decades, unless it becomes a police state.
Needless to say, I don't want to be living here when that happens.
But I know that the government that rises in its place will be
different from any government the world has ever seen before, simply
because the circumstances it will arise in will be so unique.
We must be open to the opinions of others.  We don't need to accept
them without reservation;  I'd like to do my best to make sure that
what happens here after the Feds die is positive, and assures privacy.
I want to avoid the police-state mentality, though, which permeates
the thinking of many cypherpunks.

@_date: 1994-07-19 03:57:35
@_author: Kragen J. Sittler 
@_subject: Sue D. Nym 
Eli Brandt:
(Ignoring Det-bait :) No, but I think we *agree* with T. C. May more
than can be explained by the kind of people who subscribe to the list.
I think we see the logic in his postings, and since he is usually
considerably better at argument than anyone on the list who disagrees
with him, we tend to believe him.
What I mean by this is that there are too many people who think that
the above things will *matter*.  Clipper is flopping and will continue
to flop.  DT, in whatever form, will never be useful; the government
simply does not have the resources to closely watch the phone network.
If a singularity-producing AI is born, well, all bets may be off...
but then again, the AI might want a little privacy too.  ITAR is
dying, and we already have a National ID Card.  We have had one for
more than half a century.
But the government which supports these things is being pulled
gradually into the embrace of communism.  Inexorably, communism sucks
at the hearts of the American voters.  The decline of America's
current government is already irreversible.  Our duty, as human beings
at the scene of the crime, is to make its death as pleasant as
possible, and its rebirth as innocuous as possible.
:) It's not millenarianism, Eli.  It's just confidence that in this
age, when information is exchanged in ways it never has been before,
the old forms of government and economy won't work anymore.

@_date: 1994-07-19 16:20:03
@_author: Kragen J. Sittler 
@_subject: Ms. Nym's stigmata 
catalyst-remailer at netcom.com:
But she doesn't demonstrate the maniacal hatred for multiple
pseudonyms that LD did.  In fact, she's supporting them.
Someone sent the mail she mentions.  I think that it was an excellent
example of 'extreme go-away mail'.  It's not her fault that the person
who sent the most militant message of paranoia mentioned pmetzger.
I don't think the few mentions of him in what she has posted have
exceeded normal levels.
This sounds like what an average person would say if you showed them
messages saying things like 'the reason I like crypto is that it's a
hammer with which to smash the State.'  She doesn't sound like a
'tireless apologist and supporter'; she sounds like a non-anarchist.
She's telling the truth.  She's recognizing the reality that if a
couple of hundred people complain about her being LD, it's likely that
support at netcom is likely to terminate her account with extreme
prejudice, without listening to her insistence that she's not.
I don't think that's paranoid.  Do you?

@_date: 1994-07-19 16:20:14
@_author: Kragen J. Sittler 
@_subject: Kragen == LD? 
Man, when I got this post, I just about fell off my chair laughing.
nobody at shell.portal.com:
No, that's a 'kraken'. :D
No, it's 'Kragen' rot13'ed, with a 'c' added to the end. :D
So?  Are you suggesting that being 200 miles away rather than 1000
miles away makes it easier to get a fake account?
Well, you see, I associate with people who think in the ways she is
accustomed to thinking, and I can see the beauty in them.  I suspect
that most of the cypherpunks don't.
No, I've been on the list as to1sittler at apsicc.aps.edu, xentrac
can't remember).unm.edu, and here, since right before clipper broke.
This doesn't, of course, prevent me from being LD.  But I'm not.
Eric Hughes might remember me.  In fact, he might even give me the
"most abusive unsubscribe message" award. *sheepish look*.
LD thinks I'm Eric Hughes.  If you like, I could email you a bunch of
messages I exchanged with him one midnight.
Gee.  I've never been accused of being Larry Detweiler before. :D

@_date: 1994-07-29 12:31:10
@_author: Kragen J. Sittler 
@_subject: "Just say 'No' to key escrow." 
Timothy C. May:
Um, how much good has this actually done?
