
@_date: 1992-12-13 11:35:50
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: dc-nets implementation (protocol spec) 
I am writing a dc-net implementation.   What follows is some design discussion, a protocol specification that defines the interaction,
message format, and file formats, followed by notes, and plans for
future enhancements.  A basic familiarity with the concept of dc-nets is
assumed, for people new to this, see Chaums's article on the topic,
posted here recently.
I am assuming interaction through e-mail because this is, right now,
the most accessible medium.  A more efficient approach would be to
use a true broadcast media, such as coax cable, or satellite.  But
coax only works for local areas, and not everyone has satellite uplink
In the future, I envision all or most local area networks running their
own small dc-nets that use ethernet broadcast, these being linked
hierarchically to medium-level dc-nets that use any internet type of
communication medium (udp datagrams, tcp connections, smtp, usenet news,
shared ftp space, etc) or other regional communication such as radio
(amateur packet radio, spread-spectrum, or even CB) , and these finally
being linked into global dc-nets that use satellite broadcast.  This type of system would achieve the truly anonymous global communication
system, similar to what Vinge describes in True Names:
      He dumped the last twenty-four hours of the world bulletin
      board into his home memory space and began checking through
      it.  The bulletin board was ideal for untraceable reception
      of messages: anyone on Earth could leave a message [...] If       a user copied the entire board, and /then/ searched it, there
      was no outside record of exactly what information he was
      interested in.  There were also simple ways to make nearly       untraceable entries on the board.
DC-nets will remove the "nearly" from the last sentence.
The system I am writing is for research purposes only, I would like to have about 6 to 8 people running it, and then observe it in action. I am not aware of any existing, operational dc-net.  If you know of
one, please let me know.  I would not like to develop a new, incompatible
protocol if it is not fundamentally better than something existing.
The dc-net system is independent of how the keys are distributed/created.
This system assumes that there is already a key stream existing between
any two users, that it can use.
There are several methods by which keys can be distributed.  The most
secure would probably be to use a hardware RNG to generate a one-time
pad, which is then trasfered by some secure means (exchanged on floppies
in person, or put on a 4GB DAT tape (4mm, $20 or less) and sent by
some courier service, etc).  Another possibility is to use
Diffie-Hellman protocol to agree on a set of keys.  The simplest method,
and one I chose to use in this project, is to generate a random key
stream, encrypt it with the other person's public key, sign it with
yours, and send it through e-mail.  See the next message for details
on message formats used for this.  Again, the core dc-net system described in this message is in no way
dependent on this form of key exchange.  Any other key distribution
method can be "dropped in" without changing anything.
The design document follows:

@_date: 1992-12-13 15:42:04
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: one-time-pad distribution for dc-nets 
As mentioned in my previous message, dc-nets need a one-time pad keystream.
Of the many methods of accomplishing this, for my experimental dc-net I
chose not the most secure method, but the simplest to implement.
Recognizing that dc-net users will want to use various key-distribution
mechanisms (true one-time pad, with the keys trasnfered over a secure
out-of-band channel, diffey-hellmann, etc) I designed the dc-net to be as
independent of the key distribution method as possible.  The dc-net just
reads the keystream from a file, and calls a program when it is about to
run out of keys, and needs more.  This message describes the method of key distribution I will use.  I assume
that all participants know each others' public keys, and have verified such
by independent means, or they are signed by mutually trusted certifiers.
PGP encryption is used to send randomly generated one-time pad.  Two
participants send keys to each other whenever the remaining key stream reaches below an agreed-upon threshold, then the keys are combined in a
pre-determined way (no matter which one sent his message first, the result
will be the same).  Keys are transferred in large chunks, larger than the
normal message size, so that these trasfers would not have to be too
frequent.

@_date: 1992-12-13 16:18:58
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Yes they exist (re: Electronic P.O.Boxes) 
Such systems do exist.  I have info on one handy, but I know at least
one other based on the same software exists in finland.  This one seems to be still using pgp2.0, I don't know when they will upgrade to pgp2.1.
These remailers assign you a pseudony like anon.19, and anyone can
send mail to anon.19 at pax.tpa.com.au and the mail will be forwarded
to you.
Here's the file you can get by sending an empty message
to anon.info at pax.tpa.com.au.
 PAX - Public Access Unix (Adelaide,South Australia) - Anonymous Posting Host
 ============================================================================
Last modified: Fri Nov 20 18:55:52 CST 1992
 Information about Anonymous & Privacy-Enhanced Posting.
 =======================================================
PAX is conducting research into the viability of anonymous privacy-
enhanced mail as a means of providing practical, secure and confidential
electronic mail and news. An experimental server has been setup and
you are encouraged to use it.
There are many anonymous posting services in existence which provide
anonymous electronic mail and posting to specific newsgroups where
posting is sometimes harmful to one's health or reputation ! Such
services allow you to:
 - post anonymously to those news groups
 - reply anonymously to posts by email
 - converse anonymously with another anonymous user, neither of
   you knowing your real identities
Privacy-enhanced electronic mail refers to the concept of encrypting
one's mail prior to sending it off into the ether, presumably to
someone at the other end capable of decrypting it. If one uses a
so-called "public key" method of encryption, then one can make one's
"public" key widely known so that anyone can encrypt mail to you, but only
you can decrypt it using your "secret" key. There is much development
going on in this area, but one quite popular public-domain implementation
is Philip Zimmermann's "Pretty Good Privacy 2.0" which makes use of a
number of cryptographic methods including the RSA algorithm in places
(See Legal Issues later on). PGP allows you to:
 - exchange public keys with another individual
 - encode messages to them that only they can read
 - receive messages from them that only you can read
These tools are all very well for the specific purposes for which they
were designed, but unfortunately your anonymous message or post is not
actually anonymous until it gets to the machine that host's the service.
Anyone in between, including your own administrators, can in theory
read your post, even though they won't know to whom it is directed. What
is more they can also read replies addressed back to you. This can be
highly embarrassing at best, and result in dismissal or disconnection
at worst if your thoughts, beliefs or activities are disapproved of by
the powers that be, even if they are perfectly legal.
PAX's privacy-enhanced anonymous services were conceived in the belief
that free speech and privacy are fundamental rights and that it is
high time the networks to which we are connected provided such services
on a routine basis. Seeing as they don't we have to make a start somewhere.
This service provides:
 - conventional anonymous mailing and posting services via a "normal"
   alias assigned in the usual fashion
 - the ability to post to ANY newsgroup that is carried out of PAX
   (which includes most non-regional groups)
 - PGP 2.0 based privacy-enhanced mail & posting, including:
   - ability to register your "public" key with PAX, so that PAX
     can send encrypted messages to you
   - local generation of a unique public key which is sent to you,
     so that you can send encrypted messages to PAX
   - any encoded messages from you mailed to a user or newsgroup are
     decrypted at PAX before being passed on in anonymous form
   - any anonymous replies to your "pgp" alias are encrypted before
     being mailed to you
For example, once you have obtained your PGP 2.0 software (as described
later) and got it going, and once you have generated and registered
your public key and received PAX's key in response, you will be able
to post to any newsgroup without anyone beyond your machine having
access to the plaintext of your post.
Furthermore, if another user has registered in the same manner, and
you know their anonymous alias or are responding to one of their
anonymous posts, even though you don't know who they are and haven't
exchanged keys to communicate directly, the PAX service will automatically
decrypt any encrypted messages from you and re-encrypt them before
passing them on to the other person !
 How to use it.
 ==============
All transactions are handled by email, and commands are selected by
the name of the alias to which you mail, not by the subject or body
of the message (which are ignored unless sending or posting a message).
The separator between the "anon" and the command is a dot (period,'.')
and nothing else will work ! Not '-', not '_', not ":", only a dot.
The site to address mail is "pax.tpa.com.au". If this fails for some
reason, you may need to address it to the specific host (at present)
ie. "flash.pax.tpa.com.au".
"Normal" (unencrypted) commands:
 - To get information (this message):
    mail anon.info at pax.tpa.com.au
 - To see what your "normal" alias is, or get one:
    mail anon.ping at pax.tpa.com.au
 - To send a reply to another anonymous user:
    mail anon.
    NB:
      - eg. mail anon.36 at pax.tpa.com.au
      - don't be creative ... anon.036 won't work
      - an attempt is made to strip off signature lines by discarding
        everything after a line starting with "--" or "__"
 - To send a post to a newsgroup:
    mail anon.post.groupname at pax.tpa.com.au
    NB:
      - eg. "mail anon.post.talk.abortion" will send a
        post to "talk.abortion"
      - only the Subject field from your post is used, the rest of
        the header is discarded
      - the newsgroup is selected by the alias; Newsgroup header
        fields are discarded; hence cross-posting isn't feasible
      - signatures are stripped as above
"PGP" (encryption) commands:
 - To register your public key with PAX: (ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY)
    mail anon.key at pax.tpa.com.au
    NB:
      - first you have to make install pgp and make a key then send it
        in a "anon.key" command
      - the body of the message MUST contain an ascii encoded public key
        generated by PGP V2.0. You may use your regular public key that
        you give to other people if you wish. The user ID name must be
        unlikely to conflict with one PAX already has, so use your full
        name, or include your email address or something. If you want
        you can use a unique key just for PAX - it makes no difference.
        If PAX already has a key of the same user-id it will reject yours.
        Note that this means that you need different key user-id's on
        different machines (or mail addresses anyway).
        # makes new keys & adds to your "keyring"
        pgp -kg
        Enter a user ID for your public key: First M. Last of somefirm
        # extract key in ascii form suitable for a message body
        pgp -kxa "First M. Last of somefirm" savedfile pubring
        # send it to PAX
        mail anon.key at pax.tpa.com.au > yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-13 16:39:37
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Random numbers 
I would not trust someone to generate random numbers for me.  For all
you know, they may be recording the date, time, and who is requesting
the number, and selling the information to the highest bidder (guess who?).

@_date: 1992-12-13 17:04:43
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: ps -laxww for randmoness? 
How about using ps -laxww as a source of randomness?  Of course it would be
run throug something like MD5 to get rid of the structure.  This would
not be good on a multi-user system because ps command may have been modified to log the person invoking it, time, and output to somewhere.
But on a personal workstation that you trust, it could be a pretty
good source of unpredictable data.
This is not my original idea, I think it was suggested in one of the
multiple precision math packages I looked at recently.

@_date: 1992-12-14 10:31:18
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: dcnets... 
I tried to make the system as modular as possible, so any part could be
improved or changed with minimal effects on the rest of the system.
This is due to two factors.  First, right now there is no way to specify
the size of a message.  Every message is assumed to be 5K so bandwidth is
wasted for any message smaller than that.  As I mentioned in "FUTURE ENHANCEMENTS" section, I will make message size be part of the reservation
block structure, so small messages will be transferred more efficiently.
Second, I am using point-to-point transmission.  When I want to broadcast
a message, I need to send it individually to each participant.  Use of
a broadcast media such as ethernet multicast or satellite or radio will
dramatically decrease communications load.  This is a good idea.  I will do it this way unless anyone else can
see any problems with this.
If a broadcast system could be used, anyone that can receive the broadcast
will be able to reconstruct the messages, even if they are not participating
in the net.  If this project works successfully, I will try it using usenet
as the medium.  So anyone can scan alt.dcnets and get the message.
Yes it is easy to add.  Eventually you will be able to request forwarding
to a mail address (or a mix-net remailer), an anonymous post to a usenet
newsgroup, or retransmission to another dc-net.
The only small problem is that everyone gets the message, and I don't want
the message sent out 15 times.  So there must be some way to decide who
does the remailing.  I could just have one person act as the forwarder,
but it would be more interesting (and harder to break) if the net somehow
dynamically assigned a random forwarder for each message.
Yes.  Mix-net remailers could also be participants in a dc-net, so a
message could be sent without anyone even knowing which remailer it
came from, for people that want untraceability but don't want to or can't
participate in a net themselves.
Very easy.  To send out a message on a dc-net you just drop it into it's
outgoing directory, the next round it gets transmitted.  Any messages received are piped to "incoming" program in that dcnet's directory.  That program initially will just put the message in your
mailbox, but you can make it do anything, such as drop it in another
dc-net's incoming directory, or remail it, or post it somewhere.
Can someone forward it to me?
But the messages become public.  Anyone can see what the message is, they
just can't see who it came from.  If all messages are transmitted as
plaintext, it is fairly easy to see that no commercial traffic is occurring.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-15 07:56:18
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: ps -laxww for randmoness?timeofday for randmoness 
Someone trying to break your code could find out approximately when
the number was generated, then they would have a much smaller search
space to try.

@_date: 1992-12-16 17:34:17
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: INFO: TEMPEST companies 
Lindgren RF Enclosures
400 Gigh Grove Blvd.
Glendale Heights, IL 60139
Contact: Wayne Martin
FAX: 708-307-7571
"LT" Series Shielding System is a complete line of modular enclosures,
equipment cabinets and custom enclosures available in virtually all
shielding materials.  The system features exclusive Double Electrically
Isolated construction for maximum attenuation.  All enclosures are fully
tested and guaranteed.  Aplication assistance available.
Secure Systems & Services
Div. of The R/H Factor Corp.
13990 Goldmark Dr., Ste.401
Dallas, TX 75240
Contact: Ray Helsop
FAX: 214-669-9160
TEMPEST Products, Systems & Services are for Military/Industrial firms
concerned with threat of information security and protection by [sic]
electronic eavesdroppoing; also commercial EMI/RFI, reduced emissions
products.  We provide TEMPEST service and support, data encryption,
F.I.S.A. Facility Information Security Assessment Studies, site planning,
installation design, facility upgrades, etc.
International Paper Co.
Longmeadow Rd.
Tuxedo, NU 10987
Contact: Larry Fahy
SAF'N SHIELDED (tm)
International Paper provides a unique wallcovering that prevents
electromagnetic interference (EMI), wireless electronic espionage, and
other forms of electromagnetic eavesdropping.  The new wallcovering, a
composite structure that incorporates a nonwoven mat of metallic fibers,
has been TEMPEST-tested by the U.S. government and can achieve attenuation
levels over 100dB.  The material, which eliminates the added costs of
"hardening" or adding protective shielding to individual pieces of
electronic equipment, is being used both in primary applications and to
upgrade facilities to higher levels of protection.  It also provides a way
to plug EMI leaks quickly and effectively.  Unlike woven or sheet metal,
which typically require gutting entire rooms, this flexible, lightweight
material goes up as quickly as wallpaper.  No special tools are needed, and
downtime is minimal.
Transaction Security, Inc.
21 Industrial Ave.
Upper Saddle River, NJ 07458
Contact: O. Mark Hastings
Steel TEMPEST-type enclosures for any size computer hardware.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-17 10:34:01
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: TEMPEST not restricted 
The article you posted is at least 3 years old, if not older.  I have not
checked on the legal references quote in the article, but I called up
Wayne Martin of Lindgren RF Enclosures, and asked him about this.  He
said that he was not restricted to selling TEMPEST equipment to military
or government only, and suggested that if I am looking for TEMPEST-compliant
computers, I should call up a computer manufacturer like IBM or Digital,
and they would be able to sell such systems to me.
Maybe things have changed in the last three years since the article was written, or maybe it was incorrect to begin with.  Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-17 11:38:00
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: New number for Secure Systems & Services 
I just called them on the old number earlier today, and they answered.
Maybe they have call forwarding.
Makes some sense.  Someone looking for RF shielding is more likely
to buy it from someone named Lindgren RF Enclosures than from a
paper company.
Great.  Now does anyone know of where to get equipment to test how
effective it is?

@_date: 1992-12-17 13:53:18
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: 1st dc-net works! 
Finally, I got a dc-net working.  It is now quite primitive, and useful
only as a proof of concept.  It does not yet do any key management, I
just copied the binaries of several unix utilities to be used as one
time pads.  The reservation system does not work yet.  If there is a message to be sent, it is sent immediately.  That means only one
of the participants can send a message in one round.  The messages
are not forwarded anywhere, they are just dropped to "outgoing" directory.  It runs on one machine, under three accounts I created just for that purpose.  The mail keeps going back and forth constantly between the
three accounts, with null files being deposited to the outgoing
directories.  Temporary files are being created and deleted.
As soon as I put a file in one of the incoming directories, within one
round it appears in each of the outgoing directories.
So the main function works.
It is written in perl, because of the ease I can manipulate binary data
of any size.
As soon as I add the minimal necessary features (PGP based key exchange,
and reservation blocks) I will be looking for some people to participate
in an experimental dc-net.  People who want to participate in this, should
have fast, reliable, e-mail connections (preferably round-trip time
to any other participant should be less than 10 minutes).  If even one
participant has a slow link, it will hold everyone up.  You also need
the ability to pipe incoming mail with a certain subject header through
an arbitrary program.  You can use any of the various 'slocal' programs,
or you could use elm's filter program, or any other means.  You also need
to have perl working on your system.  You need PGP.  As someone suggested, an arbitrary group of people might not have much
to talk about amongst themselves, so the next feature will be forwarding
to a mailing address (or list), a newsgroup, or another dc-net.  It is
very simple to do the forwarding, it is a little more complicated,
and interesting, to decide who will do the forwarding.  I would not
want to rely on any single site serving as a gateway, since that
would introduce a single point of compromise.  I would rather have
some dynamic system, similar to the reservation blocks, that would
let the net randomly decide who will forward a particular message.
As soon as this first test network has run for a couple of days, and all
the bugs are fixed, I will release the code, so that anybody can work
on it.  I expect that some people will work on various projects I mentioned
in the "FUTURE ENCHANCEMENTS" section of my initial posting on this
topic.  I hope that people who add features to the system send the mods
back to me, so I can incorporate them in a new version.
When there is a number of networks running, it will be interesting to
experiment with hierarchical nets, or linked networks of networks.  Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-17 14:55:51
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: enabling technologies 
What we are witnessing (and participating in) here is the synergy of enabling technologies.  The availability of quality free software
such as perl, and C compilers makes it easy to quickly build useful
tools.  These can then be combined in various ways, without re-inventing
them.  For example, I do not need to reinvent the strong-pseudorandom
function, I can just "borrow" it from the PGP code.  I do not need to
write a public key system just to distribute seeds for the dc-net one-time pads system, I can use PGP.  I don't need to write a program
to take chunks of data and xor them together, perl has this capability.
I just design a system, and put it together from existing blocks.  This
is the reality of what the OOP "building-blocks" people are talking about.
And the important method is not object-oriented anything, but free
software, with source code, and cooperation of people widely separated
in time and space, some even anonymous, all linked through the nets.
My dc-net system will make life easier for people that are doing digital
cash, by providing a ready means of sending untraceable messages.
Many useful systems can be built on top of a working digital cash system.
All this is catalysed by the existence of this mailing list.  For example
I got the idea of reservation blocks from ILF's post of Chaum's article.
That was made possible by the anonymous remailers.
The anonymous remailers can be made more anonymous by linking then into
a dc-net.
There's a positive feedback loop developing here.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-17 15:00:07
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Patent Infringement 
No.  The patent law prohibits anyone from "making, using, or selling" anything covered under the patent.  Selling it makes it more likely
that the patent holder will come after you, as they have a greater
chance of getting some money from you.
I am not a lawyer, I am sure someone here can explain all this in
greater detail, or correct me if I'm wrong.

@_date: 1992-12-17 16:28:15
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: TEMPEST Question 
Cpu signal is the easiest to detect, but not the only one.  Other possible
sources of emissions are all kinds of communications cables.  Unshielded
RS-232 to the modem, possibly even the connections to the disk drives.
I don't think the cpu itself emits much or if it does that it is easy
to interpret it in any easy way, but I don't know for sure.
The monitors are just easiest to detect, since for every pixel, the
electron beam is turned on and off.  These pulses are easy to detect, and if your monitor is synchronized with the target, a simple device
could reconstruct the image, without any need for powerful computers
to process the data.
It would be safe to say that they would be _less_susceptible_.
Anyone that knows NSA's capabilities in these areas certainly isn't
talking.  It _may_ be possible to derive at some limits just by
knowing electronics and the laws of physics.  I don't know of any independent research team having done such a study.  If it has been
done, or is being done, I would like to know.

@_date: 1992-12-17 18:14:38
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: They have to find you first! 
To do that, they need to know who you are and where you are located. They
can't bug everyone.  If a pseudonymous system is used, then it would
be your top priority to make it impossible to connect your pseudonym with
your legal identity.  If you have not already, read Vinge's _True_Names_.
If "they" know who you are and where you are located, many techniques are
available, TEMPEST eavesdropping being only one of them.  Others are
confiscating your equipment, arresting you, threatening you and using you
to track down other people.
So, instead of concentrating on how to shield yourself from surveilannce
once you have been found, concentrate instead on not being found.  You can
maintain a usual identity that you use for normal conversation, but for
anything dangerous use an alternate identity, secure remailers, etc.
You might want SOME shielding, in case "they" take up the practice of
routinely driving up and down the streets looking to randomly find
something (someone) interesting.  It should be much easier to protect against a casual search.
It may be nearly impossible, and/or useless to protect oneself from a
determined physical attack by a resourceful enemy.
It is much more profitable to prevent the attack.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819
(not in hiding yet :-)

@_date: 1992-12-18 10:29:44
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Reputation Systems 
But you can not interact with everyone that that has the technical means to
post a message.  If you can now, somehow, (you can't do much else if you
want to keep up with 50MB per day), then in the near future you will not be
able to.
So, you need a way to pick who to interact with.  If you are referring to the current state of the UseNet, then I suggest
that you keep in mind that until fairly recently the access was mostly
limited to people in universities, and research departments of hi-tech
corporations.  This is a highly selected group of people, and can not be
compared to the "general public".
As communications technology becomes cheaper, more widespread and
accessible to anyone that wants to, and eventually ubiquitous like the
telephone is now, the number of people that will be able to "interact" will
be much greater.
In general, I view this as a good thing.  Unfortunately, the ratio
of people that I would find _interesting_ or _usefule_ to "talk" to in
relation to the total number of people I _can_ talk to will decrease
I don't think anyone intends to use reputation systems to prevent someone
from posting a message, instead as a means to easily filter the messages
you personally want to read.  Or maybe even not filter, but as some suggested, _sort_.  So you would first
read (and reply to) the messages of people with a higher reputation for
writing informative articles, or participating in interesting discussions.  To some extent, this already is already occurring.  If there are some
people that you remember from the past as interesting people to talk to,
you are more likely to read their messages.  An automated system would let you benefit from other peoples' memories.
Think of a reputation system as being a distributed moderator.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-19 10:30:47
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: positive rep 
For example, all mail/news reader software would have a function where
after reading the article you could press a key to indicate you found
the article useful/informative/interesting.  What it would do is send
the person a "certificate", which in essence says "I recommend reading
messages by this person", signed cryptographically with your signature.
These certificates could be appended to messages by that person, or posted to some special newsgroup just for that purpose (similar to
"control"), or distributed through some other means.  If several people to whom you have assigned high credibility recommend
messages by a person, then your news software would automatically sort
his messages to appear higher in the list before other people's messages,
and also that person's recommendations would have a higher weight in
computing other people's sort values.
All this pre-supposes widespread use of authenticated messages, so someone could not forge himself some certificates from well-known
people.  Also, it would not allow a J. Random to forge a post that
appears to be from a person with high reputation.
The technology for such communication exists now (PGP, MD5, RSAREF, etc)
it is just not integrated into most news/mail software.
Unlike negative reputations, positive reputations are immune to
subversion by creating many anonymous or pseudonymous identities.
You might imagine someone creating two hundred "people" and have them
all send him their "certificates". But this would not work, since no-one has recommended these people, their
certificate would carry no weight whatsoever.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-20 05:45:43
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Destroying Data (Re: Remailer Policies) 
That would not help in the least.  The person can still send mail through your system, they would just not use you as the first hop.
Make sure you don't think 'rm -rf /remailer-logs' actually destroys data.
It merely de-allocates the i-nodes.  You need to know which physical
device the filesystem is on, (let's call id /hdxxx) and then do
'cat /dev/null > /dev/hdxxx' which overwrites with zeroes all data
on that partition.  For that reason it may be preferable to keep all
such information opn a filesystem of their own, so you don't have to
destroy much other data along with it.
If you use swapping or paging, you need to clear out those devices
too, and then turn the machine off to remove all data in RAM.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-22 07:04:18
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Another pax-type remailer 
Forwarded message:
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-22 07:11:12
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Encrypting Remailer Logs 
[...] There is an easier way.  Just generate a public/private key pair.  Store
the public key on the machine, and have the remailer encrypt its logs
with the public key.  Someone seizing the machine could not find anything,
since they do not have the private key.
Store the private key on another machine, or on a floppy.  When there's
a problem, you can transfer the encrypted log to the machine with the
private key, and then you can decrypt the log to see what went wrong.
Generate a new key pair weekly, and destroy the old private key.  You
should never need logs older than a week for troubleshooting.
So how about a few lines of perl?  Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-22 10:59:24
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: IEEE Ordering Info 
If you want to order the book Peter posted about, call 800 678 4333,
press 1, then ask for Contemporary Cryptology book by Simmons.  It's $79.95 (+$6 s/h).  Probably less if you are a member of IEEE.
I am in no way associated with IEEE Press, I just ordered the
book, and wanted to make it simple for anyone else who wants to.
(I ftp'd an info file from ieee.org, got a non-800 phone number,
called, was transfered and put on hold for x number of times, until
someone was able to give me the above 800 number that can be used
to order their publications.  I didn't want everyone to have to do this).
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-22 20:32:03
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Signing ascii text 
Canonical Text has a CR and LF at the end of each line.  This is documented in some RFC.  All (most?) protocols used on internet such
as smtp, finger, etc, use this format.  The possible justification
is that an extra linefeed or a carriage return is not as bad as a missing
one.  For e-mail you may have other problems, if the messages go through
gateways that like to munge messages.  For example your tabs could
be expanded into spaces, or the other way around.  Some character
set conversions may be done.
Blank lines may be removed or added.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-22 22:35:05
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Encryption Technology 
I assume that you just want an explanation of what the technology does, not
how exactly it works, i.e. I am not going to include the formulas and
algorithms, just a description of what it does and how it can be used.
Here's a summary of a couple of the most relevant technologies:
PUBLIC KEY CRYPTOGRAPHY -- each person generates two keys, one is called
teh public key the other is private.  These two are related in that what is
encrypted with one can only be decrypted with the other.  It is impossible
(computationally infeasible) to derive one knowing the other.  The most
popular public key cryptography algorithm is RSA, which is based on the
ease of multiplying large primes, and the difficulty of factoring the
How it is used: you publish the public key, while keeping the private key
to yourself.  Anyone can send a secret message to you by encrypting it with
your public key.  You are the only one that can decrypt the message, since
only you have the private key.
You can reply by encrypting your message with their public key, and they
can decrypt it with their private key.
DIGITAL SIGNATURES -- techniques that are used to verify that a message
claiming to be from you was actually written by you.  To do that, you
compute a "message digest", which is similar to a "checksum" in that it can
be used to check that the message has not been altered.  Then you encrypt
the "digest" with your private key and attach to the message.  Currently
the most popular "digest" algorithm is MD5.
To verify a signature:  the person verifying computes the same checksum,
then decrypts the checksum attached to the message.  If the two match, the
message must have been signed by you, since no-one else has your private
key, and could not have generated the signature.
DIFFEY-HELLMANN KEY EXCHANGE --  a protocol by which two communicating
parties can arrive at a secret piece of information that can not be known
to a passive eavesdropper (as in a wiretap), and can not be recovered from
analysis of recorded communication.  This secret piece of information is
usually used as the key for a conventional cryptography algorithm such as
DES or IDEA to encrypt following communication.  SENDER UNTRACEABILITY -- use of a protocol by which one of a group of
commnicating entities can send a public message, while it is impossible
to trace the message to the sender.  This can be used to send messages
anonymously or pseudonymously and untraceably.  One of the protocols that
makes this possible is David Chaum's dc-net protocol, in which every
participant sends some data, and when all the data are combined, the
anonymous message emerges.  Another is the mix-net, or "remailer" approach.
In this case, you send your message to a re-mailer, with encrypted
instructions on where to send it.  By sending your message through a chain
of such remailers, untraceability is achieved.
RECEIVER UNTRACEABILITY -- a method by which you can retrieve a message
sent to you, without anyone having any way of knowing that you received the
message, or indeed if you received any message at all.  How it works:  anyone wanting to leave a message to you encrypts it with
your public key, and posts it on a "bulletin board".  You download all the
messages from the bulletin board periodically, and see if you can decrypt
any using your private key.  DIGITAL CASH -- one entity creates some amount of digital "tokens", which
may then be transfered to other people, who can transfer them between each
other, and when they are returned to their creator, he can not trace the
transactions that have occured, only the total balance of a person at the
end of the set of transactions.
Each of these technologies by itself can not accomplish much.  But if all
these are put together, any person can send messages to any other person,
without anyone but the two of them knowing that a message was sent, or what
it said.
As for why it matters, I include here Timothy C. May's Crypto Anarchist
The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto
Timothy  C.  May
tcmay at netcom.com
A specter is haunting the modern world, the specter of crypto anarchy. Computer technology is on the verge of providing the ability for individuals and groups to communicate and interact with each other in a totally anonymous manner. Two persons may exchange messages, conduct business, and negotiate electronic contracts without ever knowing the True Name, or legal identity, of the other. Interactions over networks will be untraceable, via extensive re-
routing of encrypted packets and tamper-proof boxes which implement cryptographic protocols with nearly perfect assurance against any tampering. Reputations will be of central importance, far more important in dealings than even the credit ratings of today. These developments will alter completely the nature of government regulation, the ability to tax and control economic interactions, the ability to keep information secret, and will even alter the nature of trust and reputation.
The technology for this revolution--and it surely will be both a social and economic revolution--has existed in theory for the past decade. The methods are based upon public-key encryption, zero-knowledge interactive proof systems, and various software protocols for interaction, authentication, and verification. The focus has until now been on academic conferences in Europe and the U.S., conferences monitored closely by the National Security Agency. But only recently have computer networks and  personal computers attained sufficient speed to make the ideas practically realizable. And the next ten years will bring enough additional speed to make the ideas economically feasible and essentially unstoppable. High-speed networks, ISDN, tamper-proof boxes, smart cards, satellites,  Ku-band transmitters, multi-MIPS personal computers, and encryption chips now under development will be some of the enabling technologies. The State will of course try to slow or halt the spread of this technology, citing national security concerns, use of the technology by drug dealers and tax evaders, and fears of societal disintegration. Many of these concerns will be valid; crypto anarchy will allow national secrets to be trade freely and will allow illicit and stolen materials to be traded. An anonymous computerized market will even make possible abhorrent markets for assassinations and extortion. Various criminal and foreign elements will be active users of CryptoNet. But this will not halt the spread of crypto anarchy.
Just as the technology of printing altered and reduced the power of medieval guilds and the social power structure, so too will cryptologic methods fundamentally alter the nature of corporations and of government interference in economic transactions. Combined with emerging information markets, crypto anarchy will create a liquid market for any and all material which can be put into words and pictures. And just as a seemingly minor invention like barbed wire made possible the fencing-off of vast ranches and farms, thus altering forever the concepts of land and property rights in the frontier West, so too will the seemingly minor discovery out of an arcane branch of mathematics come to be the wire clippers which dismantle the barbed wire around intellectual property.
Arise, you have nothing to lose but your barbed wire fences!

@_date: 1992-12-22 22:56:29
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Pax and .fi remailers 
You don't have to tell anyone that your remailer is behind the anon.100
address.  You could just (anonymously, of course) announce that a
remailer is running, and can be reached by sending message to the
anon.100 address.  This way, no-one but the admins at pax can know
where the remailer itself lives.  This could be useful in case remailers are banned.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-23 14:31:14
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Signing ascii text 
I am not aware of any single RFC that defines this, but every RFC
that I have read, if it mentions end-of-line at all, it is defined
as, or assumed to be, a carriage return followed by a newline.
Even in cases where the native representation is different, it
is converted to this format before transmission through the net,
and then converted back.  This is in some RFC-s referred to as "internet tradition", or "NetAscii".
This is similar to the Network Byte Order.  No matter what order
your machine stores bytes (little/big endian), it gets converted
to one standard format.
It is also referred to as "NVT Standard".
The only mention of a different end of line convention is in
relation to EBCDIC, which has an explicit newline  character.
Here are excerpts from various RFCs that deal with, or mention, use of CRLF at the end of lines:
Request For Comments: 1078                                       SRI-NIC
                 TCP Port Service Multiplexer (TCPMUX)
   A TCP client connects to a foreign host on TCP port 1.  It sends the
   service name followed by a carriage-return line-feed .     acknowledgment, immediately followed by an optional message of
   explanation, terminated with a .  If the reply was positive,
Request for Comments: 1123                             R. Braden, Editor
       Requirements for Internet Hosts -- Application and Support
              To allow interoperability between arbitrary Telnet clients
              and servers, the Telnet protocol defined a standard
              representation for a line terminator.  Since the ASCII
              character set includes no explicit end-of-line character,
              systems have chosen various representations, e.g., CR, LF,
              and the sequence CR LF.  The Telnet protocol chose the CR
              LF sequence as the standard for network transmission.
Request for Comments: 1184                             D. Borman, Editor
                         Telnet Linemode Option
   line should be transmitted with "CR LF" as the line terminator.  When
   responsible for doing all output processing.  Specificly, it should
   send "CR LF" when it wants the "newline" function
Request for Comments: 1204                                        D. Lee
                     Message Posting Protocol (MPP)
      USER         PASS         DATA       NOOP       QUIT       354 Enter mail, end with .
Request for Comments: 1288           Center for Discrete Mathematics and
                  The Finger User Information Protocol
   Any data transferred MUST be in ASCII format, with no parity, and
   with lines ending in CRLF (ASCII 13 followed by ASCII 10).  Request for Comments: 1312                               Crynwr Software
                        Message Send Protocol 2
     NWG/RFC# 561                   AKB KP RST JEW 5-SEP-73 11:19  18516
     Standardizing Network Mail Headers           RFC 561 / NIC 18516
        Formal Syntax:                                                              ::=     ::=       ::=   !           ::= a string containing any of the 128 ASCII
                             characters except CR and LF                               ::= a string containing any of the 128 ASCII
                             characters except CR, LF, and SP                          ::= CR LF                                                       ::= space                                     RFC 821
                     SIMPLE MAIL TRANSFER PROTOCOL
            MAIL  FROM:             RCPT  TO:             DATA          SEND  FROM:          SOML  FROM:          SAML  FROM:          HELO            QUIT          The SMTP commands define the mail transfer or the mail system
         function requested by the user.  SMTP commands are character
         strings terminated by .  The command codes themselves are
         alphabetic characters terminated by  if parameters follow
         and  otherwise.
     RFC #  822
                        STANDARD FOR THE FORMAT OF
                        ARPA INTERNET TEXT MESSAGES
          A message consists of header fields and, optionally, a body.
     The  body  is simply a sequence of lines containing ASCII charac-
     ters.  It is separated from the headers by a null line  (i.e.,  a
     line with nothing preceding the CRLF).
     field       =  field-name ":" [ field-body ] CRLF
     field-body  =  field-body-contents
                    [CRLF LWSP-char field-body]
        Each header field may be represented on exactly one line  con-
        sisting  of the name of the field and its body, and terminated
        by a CRLF;
Request for Comments: 959                                    J. Reynolds
                      FILE TRANSFER PROTOCOL (FTP)
            In accordance with the NVT standard, the  sequence
            should be used where necessary to denote the end of a line
            of text.  (See the discussion of file structure at the end
               process will interpret appropriately.  , in exactly
               this sequence, also denotes end-of-line.
         the FTP implementation should use the end-of-line sequence,
          for ASCII, or  for EBCDIC text files, as the
      For the purpose of standardized transfer, the sending host will
      translate its internal end of line or end of record denotation
      into the representation prescribed by the transfer mode and file
      structure, and the receiving host will perform the inverse
      translation to its internal denotation.        End-of-line in an ASCII or EBCDIC file with no
      record structure should be indicated by  or ,
      respectively.              information.  The data will be transferred in ASCII or
            EBCDIC type over the data connection as valid pathname
            strings separated by  or .  (Again the user must
Request for Comments: 977                   Phil Lapsley (U.C. Berkeley)
                     Network News Transfer Protocol
   Each command line must be terminated by a CR-LF (Carriage Return -
   Line Feed) pair.
   that indicates that text will follow.  Text is sent as a series of
   successive lines of textual matter, each terminated with CR-LF pair.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-24 11:13:41
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: significance of spaces 
This is true for most text, like this message.  But sometimes people
send messages where spacing is VERY important:
This is especially true of tables such as this one:
Name	Yes	No
Smith	X
Jones		X
Brown		X
Xyzzy	X
If the signature algorithm disregarded spaces, the X's could be moved
from one column to the other without affecting the signature.
I know that this information COULD have been represented as:
Smith	Yes
Jones	No
Brown	No
Xyzzy	Yes
But sometimes people use the other format.  Another solution is to
surround all significant spaces with some other character, such as the vertical bar:
If this were done, an X could not be moved without affecting the signature
even if tabs/spaces were insignificant.
The point is that if whitespace is made insignificant, the users must be
educated about it, and trained to use one of the two last formats
instead of the first one.  Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-28 05:58:52
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: INFO: Encryption Technology 
The following was written by me in response to David Friedman's request
for an overview of various encryption technologies, what they can do,
and why they are important.
This summary does not discuss any mathematics of this technology, it is
meant for someone that wants to know what it is, and what it can do,
without having to know all the mathematical details.
This message can be stored in the exi-essay ftp archive.
Forwarded message:
PUBLIC KEY CRYPTOGRAPHY -- each person generates two keys, one is
called the public key the other is the private key.  These two are
related in that what is encrypted with one can only be decrypted with
the other.  It is impossible (computationally infeasible) to derive one
knowing the other.  The most popular public key cryptography algorithm
is RSA, which is based on the ease of multiplying large primes, and the
difficulty of factoring the product.
How it is used: you publish the public key, while keeping the private
key to yourself.  Anyone can send a secret message to you by encrypting
it with your public key.  You are the only one that can decrypt the
message, since only you have the private key.
You can reply by encrypting your message with their public key, and
they can decrypt it with their private key.
DIGITAL SIGNATURES -- techniques that are used to verify that a message
claiming to be from you was actually written by you.  To do that, you
compute a "message digest", which is similar to a "checksum" in that it
can be used to check that the message has not been altered.  Then you
encrypt the "digest" with your private key and attach to the message.
Currently the most popular "digest" algorithm is MD5.
To verify a signature:  the person verifying computes the same
checksum, then decrypts the checksum attached to the message.  If the
two match, the message must have been signed by you, since no-one else
has your private key, and could not have generated the signature.
DIFFEY-HELLMANN KEY EXCHANGE --  a protocol by which two communicating
parties can arrive at a secret piece of information that can not be
known to a passive eavesdropper (as in a wiretap), and can not be
recovered from analysis of recorded communication.  This secret piece
of information is usually used as the key for a conventional
cryptography algorithm such as DES or IDEA to encrypt following
This can be used, for example, for secure telephones.  Two people with
these phones connect through the usual telephone network, push the "go
secure" button, the phones perform Diffey-Hellmann key exchange, and
encrypt the following conversation with the resulting secret key.
Not that these two people did not have to meet in person, or transmit a
key through any other channel.  The key was generated as needed.
After the conversation is finished, both phones erase the key from
their memory.  For the next conversation, a new key is set up.
Someone who has a recording of a wiretap has absolutely no way of
knowing what they key was, and therefore can not decode the
This technology makes wiretaps obsolete.
SENDER UNTRACEABILITY -- use of a protocol by which one of a group of
communicating entities can send a public message, while it is impossible
to trace the message to the sender.  This can be used to send messages
anonymously or pseudonymously and untraceably.  One of the protocols
that makes this possible is David Chaum's dc-net protocol, in which
every participant sends some data, and when all the data are combined,
the anonymous message emerges.  This has been called the "cryptographic
ouja board", because a message appears, but it is impossible to find
out who sent it.  If one-time pads are used, this system is
unconditionally secure, which means that even an enemy with an infinite
amount of time and processing power van not deduce the sender from
available information.
Another sender untraceability system is the mix-net, or "remailer"
approach.  In this case, you send your message to a re-mailer, with
encrypted instructions on where to send it.  By sending your message
through a chain of such remailers, untraceability is achieved.  This
depends on the remailers not keeping logs that can correlate incoming
and outgoing messages, or unwillingness to reveal such logs to your
RECEIVER UNTRACEABILITY -- a method by which you can retrieve a message
sent to you, without anyone having any way of knowing that you received
the message, or indeed if you received any message at all.
How it works:  anyone wanting to leave a message to you encrypts it
with your public key, and posts it on a "bulletin board".  You download
all the messages from the bulletin board periodically, and see if you
can decrypt any using your private key.
Since everyone downloads all the messages, and THEN attempts to decrypt
them on their own machine, no-one observing the communications link has
any way of knowing who received what message, or even if someone
received any messages at all.  This system, along with the dc-net, can
provide completely untraceable global communications.  It does,
however, require substantial communications bandwidth and storage
DIGITAL CASH -- one entity creates some amount of digital "tokens",
which may then be transferred to other people, who can transfer them
between each other, and when they are returned to their creator, he can
not trace the transactions that have occurred, only the total balance of
a person at the end of the set of transactions.
This combines the anonymity and untraceability of cash with the
convenience and efficiency of electronic transactions.  In combination
with the above systems, it is superior to cash since any person can pay
anyone else, anonymously and untraceably, without having to meet in
David Friedman asks: "How can it be used, and why does it matter?"
Each of these technologies by itself can not accomplish much.  But if
all these are put together, any person can send messages to any other
person, or transact business without anyone but the two of them knowing
what occurred, or, even that something at all occurred between these two
Furthermore, these two people don't need to know anything about each
other, but their public key.  They can be completely anonymous, or use
a pseudonym.
As for why it matters, I include here Timothy C. May's Crypto Anarchist
The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto
Timothy C. May
tcmay at netcom.com
A specter is haunting the modern world, the specter of crypto anarchy.
Computer technology is on the verge of providing the ability for
individuals and groups to communicate and interact with each other in a
totally anonymous manner. Two persons may exchange messages, conduct
business, and negotiate electronic contracts without ever knowing the
True Name, or legal identity, of the other.  Interactions over networks
will be untraceable, via extensive re- routing of encrypted packets and
tamper-proof boxes which implement cryptographic protocols with nearly
perfect assurance against any tampering. Reputations will be of central
importance, far more important in dealings than even the credit ratings
of today.  These developments will alter completely the nature of
government regulation, the ability to tax and control economic
interactions, the ability to keep information secret, and will even
alter the nature of trust and reputation.
The technology for this revolution--and it surely will be both a social
and economic revolution--has existed in theory for the past decade.
The methods are based upon public-key encryption, zero-knowledge
interactive proof systems, and various software protocols for
interaction, authentication, and verification. The focus has until now
been on academic conferences in Europe and the U.S., conferences
monitored closely by the National Security Agency. But only recently
have computer networks and  personal computers attained sufficient
speed to make the ideas practically realizable. And the next ten years
will bring enough additional speed to make the ideas economically
feasible and essentially unstoppable. High-speed networks, ISDN,
tamper-proof boxes, smart cards, satellites,  Ku-band transmitters,
multi-MIPS personal computers, and encryption chips now under
development will be some of the enabling technologies.
The State will of course try to slow or halt the spread of this
technology, citing national security concerns, use of the technology by
drug dealers and tax evaders, and fears of societal disintegration.
Many of these concerns will be valid; crypto anarchy will allow
national secrets to be trade freely and will allow illicit and stolen
materials to be traded. An anonymous computerized market will even make
possible abhorrent markets for assassinations and extortion. Various
criminal and foreign elements will be active users of CryptoNet. But
this will not halt the spread of crypto anarchy.
Just as the technology of printing altered and reduced the power of
medieval guilds and the social power structure, so too will cryptologic
methods fundamentally alter the nature of corporations and of
government interference in economic transactions. Combined with
emerging information markets, crypto anarchy will create a liquid
market for any and all material which can be put into words and
pictures. And just as a seemingly minor invention like barbed wire made
possible the fencing-off of vast ranches and farms, thus altering
forever the concepts of land and property rights in the frontier West,
so too will the seemingly minor discovery out of an arcane branch of
mathematics come to be the wire clippers which dismantle the barbed
wire around intellectual property.
Arise, you have nothing to lose but your barbed wire fences!
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | PGP Public Key: by arrangement.
David Friedman asks for a brief summary of the present legal/political
attempts and suggestions that have been made to control the
The FBI has proposed a "Digital Telephony" bill, which would require
all providers of any kind of communications service to build in a
wiretap capability for the government.  Department of State is
restricting the export of any crypto software, claiming that it is a
weapon, and therefore falls under ITAR (International Traffic in Arms
Regulations) rules.  Public Key Partners (PKP) holds the control of
patents that cover RSA, and possibly the very idea of public key
cryptography.  Someone (I can't provide a reference) has proposed that
anyone that uses encryption should be required to register their key
with the Justice Department, so that the text could be decrypted if a
search warrant is issued.  These are all the attempts to control this
technology that come to my mind right now.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) can probably provide more
information (e-mail to eff at eff.org).
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-29 16:33:58
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Anonymous Reply Capability (re: Self Addressed Stamped...) 
For best security with a mix-net remailer, it should immediately
forget where a message came from.  So if you want anonymous reply capability, the remailer could create
that unique id, but instead of associating it with a return address,
associate it with a public key (transmitted along with the message).
Then when someone sends a reply, the remailer would encrypt it with
the public key, and broadcast it.  You monitor the broacasts for
ones with public keys that match private keys you have.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-12-31 16:02:03
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: CFP'93 Electronic Brochure 1.2 (fwd) 
============================== START ==============================
Forwarded message:
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-24 23:13:08
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: RS232 Crypto Dongle (idea for widely accessible crypto technology) 
A very useful device for people who can not trust the host they are
talking to such as users of multiuser unix systems, or low security BBS
systems, or "public access" workstations or PC-s, (this includes almost
every single person that uses e-mail, except probably for users of a
high-security mainframe communications system) would be an RS232 crypto
"dongle" that would sit between the terminal (or modem) and the remote
It would contain some tamperproof (write and decrypt only, can not be
read out without a great deal of trouble) memory (as someone at the
midnight crypto session at Hackers was talking about) for storage of
the private key, some nonvolatile memory (flash eprom?) for the public
key ring, and a processor to do the encryption/decryption.
It would look (if all that can be fit into a small enough space) like a
null modem or a gender changer.  (or an RS232 break-out box). If crypto
tech ever becomes illegal, it could even be disguised as one, with some
special signal combination enabling the crypto function.
It should also contain some out-of-band signal such as an LED to
indicate that it is actually doing the decryption, instead of the host
mimicking it.
If introduced now or in near future, this device could become
incredibly widespread, since most everybody that is accessing any form
of e-mail goes at some point through an RS-232 link (either a terminal
hanging off a terminal server, or a PC connected to a modem).
Also, it would not require ANY special software on the host or the pc,
nor any special terminal.  Thus it would work with any of the great
variety of e-mail and BBS sysetems that exist, instead of having to
deal with each of them individually as a purely software-based approach
would have to.  It would also be completely independent of the type of
computer/terminal or operating system used.
You would send the usual mail command to the host, type the magic
sequence to the encryption device (or even better, flip a little
switch), and then type your message.  The device would send to the host
the ciphertext, while echoing the plaintext to your terminal so you can
see what you are typing.  The plaintext would never travel further than
the RS232 connection between your terminal and the encryption device.
When you receive an encrypted message, flip the switch on your device
to "decrypt", and tell the host to send you the message.  The host and
any intervening networks would only see the ciphertext.  The only place
the decrypted text appears is on your terminal.  I think this is as
secure as you can get (until a decryption implant can be put in your
head :-).
Now, to allow the use of existing tools (pagers, editors, mailers, etc)
the device should be completely transparent except when performing the
crypto function.  Even then, careful design should make it pretty
transparent.  For example if it passed all control characters intact,
it could be used with a text editor that uses control key sequences for
movement.  It could be programmed for most common arrow key sequences,
and for commands for editors such as EMACS, vi, etc, to pass them
through unchanged.
Same thing for receiving. When decrypting, it should pass through
unchanged any characters passing through the other way, and should not
interfere with terminal control characters, so any mail viewing program
would not be affected.
Additional functions it might include are generation and verification
of signatures, an echo mode with decrypt/encrypt (so you could store
the encrypted texts on your local drive, and to view would just "ascii
upload" them to the device while in a comm program; also you could
prepare the text of a message locally, while storing the encrypted text
echoed back. Then you could upload the cyphertext to the system), a
simple local editor and viewer, and anything else we have the ROM space
for.  Once the basic hardware is developed, there is nothing to stop
one from including any desired features.
Is anyone here already working on something like this?  If not, is
anyone interested in working with me on developing this kind of a
device?  I have the design pretty much thought out (this post is just a
summary).  I also have a clear picture of the prototyping and
development process, and am capable of writing the software part.  I
would like to work with a partner who knows the hardware part of all
this.  I.E. the RS232/UART control, PCB layouts, that kind of stuff.
Also, I know almost nothing about the technology of tamperproof memory
The main objective of this is not to make loads of money (though that
would not hurt either) but to increase widespread accessibility and use
of good crypto technology.  So I would make the schematics and code
available, in case anyone wants to be SURE and build one themselves.
This could probably also be made available in kit form, that could be
assembled by the user.  (an interesting parrallel: this is how the
personal computer was first distributed... look at the prevalence of PC
use today!) This way they can be more sure that it does what it says it
So, if you have read this far you are probably interested in this.
PLEASE reply to me or to the list.  If you are the person I am looking
for to help with the development, please contact me soon, using one of the
addresses or numbers listed in the signature. If you think you would be interested in buying or using such a device
when it is ready, please let me know.
If you have any improvements to the idea, or other comments, or reasons
why you think this device would not be useful or could not work, please
let me know too.
Waiting for your feedback....
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-24 23:33:02
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: possibility of a reply to an anonymous message 
If the person is not on the mailing list, please forward this to him/her/it?
This is not difficult at all, it just costs bandwidth.  The basic idea
is to anonymously post or mail a message, and at the end attach a
public key, and the name of a public forum such as a usenet newsgroup.
Then whoever wants to reply, will encrypt the message with the public
key, and posts to the appropriate newsgroup.  No-one but the poster of
the original message can decrypt the reply.  since everyone receives
all the articles in the newsgroup, it is not possible to trace back who
decrypted the message.
I would NOT rely on this under any conditions.  This could only provide enough security that someone who is NOT interested in you can not trace you.
Hey, for that kind of security you could use something like rot13...
Anyone that is in the least interested, will immediately investigate the
recent traffic at nodes the message went through.
Unless someone really wants to.
What I described above can work indefinitely (at least until your private
key is compromised)
Again, I would not use this approach.  Such a node would become the target of
concentrated penetration efforts and would break down sooner or later, and
probably would remain operational, while logging all data.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-25 06:08:48
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Private E-mail (re: Ban on cash transactions) 
Yes, I am open to any suggestions.  I will definitely get it.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-25 10:36:01
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: An easy-to-reply anonymous mail scheme 
Ok, if that is what you want, then the following procedure will let you
do exactly that: post anonymously, with a reply address that people can
just 'r' to. And no-one (not even the host that is handling the replies)
has to know who you are.  There exists a site, lets call it remailer.com.  It watches the newsgroup
alt.key.announce for messages with the "Subject: remailer public key notice"
that contain a public key.  It takes each public key, and perofmrs some
sort of hash function on it, tcreate a short "key id". (note: the hash
function must be cryptographically strong, i.e. it should be very difficult
to construct another key with the same hash value). It stores hash and the
key in a database.  Then whenever it receives a mail message
to reply.HASH (where HASH is the key id), it encrypts the message with the associated public key, destroys the plaintext message, and posts the ciphertext
to alt.w.a.s.t.e.
So to use this, you would generate a public/private key pair, and compute the
hash function of the public part.  Anonymously post the public key to
alt.key.announce, and then send your message by whatever means you like (anon
mail, anon post to a regular newsgroup, anything) using reply.HASH at remailer.com
as your return address.  Then watch alt.w.a.s.t.e for replies and decrypt
as received... All the recipient(s) have to do is press 'r' key and type the answer.
You are guaranteed anonymity because no-one can find out who decrypted
the alt.w.a.s.t.e message, since everyone received it.
All you need is a good way to anonymously post to a newsgroup.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-25 10:41:46
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: anonymous reply 
With conventional remailer schemes such as this one, you are announcing
your True Name (or at least your True Internet Mailbox) to someone you
must trust. With my scheme (posted earlier today) you don't need to trust
anybody except yourself (to not make a dumb mistake like including a signature).
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-25 12:44:36
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: An easy-to-reply anonymous mail scheme 
This is not a problem at all.
For every anonymous "identity" you want to maintain, you would have a key
pair (public/private).  The "label" part could contain anything you want,
or nothing at all (a space, or a dash, or the word "anonymous") but it would
be more convenient if you assigned a pseudonym.
Just because (current version of) pgp does not support something does not
mean it can not be done.
This would be a waste of time, and possibly imprctical if you have any
significant number of keys. You should not have to try each key, because the post would contain in the
Subject field the hash value of the public key, and using that you could
instantly identify which private key to use.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-25 15:31:10
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: ease of use of encryption 
This is where my little Crypto-Dongle would help.  To encrypt, just
flip a switch and type.  Same thing for decryption... flip a switch and everything received is
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-25 19:29:33
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: advantages of RS-232 based crypto device 
A number of people responded, both privately and publicly to my RS-232
dongle idea.  Several offered help with the hardware/schematics
Some thought that PCMCIA cards would be better for this.
Theoretically, yes.  They could contain more memory and processing
power in a smaller space.  There are several problems with PCMCIA.
First, not nearly as many devices have PCMCIA interface as RS232.
Second, you can not make a PCMCIA card yourself, nor can you easily
open it and look what's inside.
My proposed design would consist of only off-the-shelf parts, the
schematic would be published, so anybody could build the device for
himself.  I might distribute it in the kit form, which would include
all the parts and the PCboard, and a case.  This way, you can test each
component in any way you want, and then put the thing together by
yourself.  Even if you got the complete unit from me, you could open it
up, and look inside.  You could see if it actually corresponds to the
Some people doubted the possibility of its second greatest advantage,
the ability to work with any computer or terminal regardless of
operating system, mail software, comm software, etc.  Also it could be
used between an ASCII terminal and a (non-trusted) host.
Here is an example of a design that I think will work with any
software/host/terminal/etc combination.  If I am wrong, please let me
know.  NOTE: this is not the final design of the device, just an
Since the device needs to have a processor anyway, it may as well have
a built-in simple line-mode editor that is good enough for composing
mail messages.  So to use the device to send mail, you would:
1.  Give the mail command to your host (or BBS) using whatever command
or menu selection you normally use to send mail.  Then if the mail
program puts you into a mode-based editor like vi, enter insert mode
(press i or a).
2.  Push the "encrypt" button on the device (or send a magic sequence
from your terminal).
3.  Type your message in a simple BBS style (in case you have not used
a BBS, this is the kind of editor they usually use:  You simply type
text. Every line has a number. When you press return, the next line
number appears.  At the beginning of a line, you can issue commands for
example with a slash or a dot. commands include things like DONE,
ABORT, DEL LINE, INSERT, etc.)
If you had the text prepared on the local machine, you could simply
transfer the text, and then type the "DONE" command.
All this while, the text is only stored in the memory of the crypto
device, the remote host is still waiting for input.  So plaintext never
crosses the line or network.
4.  When you are done, the text would be encrypted (you would select a
public key from the keyring, or it could be automatically determined
from preceding text (such as the e-mail address).  You would have the
option of signing the text.
The device transfers the encrypted text to the host and becomes
You then type the command to tell the host that you are finished typing
the message, and off it goes!
Now, if you see any reason why the above would not work, please let me
A number of people wondered if the tamper-proof memory for private key
storage was necessary.  Some other people wondered if it was in any
way effective (i.e. if someone gets the device, they can just use it to
decrypt/sign stuff; so what if they don't get they actual key out of
I tend to agree. I will have to think some more about this.
It would certainly make the design much simpler (and cheaper, and
consistent with the desire for off-the-shelf parts) if I avoid use of
such exotic hardware.
The private key may be protected from use by un-authorized users by
encrypting it with a key, and requiring it to be entered on a keypad on
the device.  Someone suggested that the key must be typed in
periodically (every x minutes).
The only case I could see a problems with this approach is if "they" get
you while you are using the device. For the next x minutes they can
decrypt any old messages they may have stored.
I believe this addresses all the concerns that have been voiced about
this device.  If you have any other concerns, questions, or comments,
please let me know. Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-25 19:36:50
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: neat features that could be added to the crypto dongle 
Here are some neat ideas: If you and me both had one of these devices, we could connect them, and
exchange our public keys.  We could also exchange other public keys on
our keyrings.
Another useful thing it could do: watch the incoming rs-232 traffic for
anything that looks like a public key.  When one is detected, you would have
the option of storing it on your keyring.
It could have an LCD display, and then it could calculate a hash function
of someone's public key and display it.  This would make it easy to verify keys by phone or any other means.  Instead of spelling out the 130-character alphanumeric sequence you would only need to verify a short (maybe about 8 to 12 digits) number.  As someone mentioned, if something has a keypad and an LCD display, it can
also be a calculator. And, if it has two RS-232 ports it could be a break-out box or a line But I think this is creeping featurism.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-25 20:47:27
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: using personal organizers or palmtops for crypto 
I have thought of that before.  Actually, I was thinking of using a notebook
computer with 2 serial ports as a prototype/proof of concept.
True. But there are also disadvantages:
They generally don't have two serial ports.  This may not seem like much,
but is actually a serius problem.  Since they tend to have small screens,
weak keyboards, and not the greatest comm software, you might not like
using it as your window into the cyberspace.  The advantage of a standalone
device with two rs232 ports is that you can continue to use your existing
terminal, pc or a mac, along with all its conveniences.
I hope to make my device in this price range or less.  I can not be sure yet
because I don't have a definite hardware design completed, but that is the
range I am aiming for.  I don't know, maybe I am unrealistic, but I think
that in kit form it could be significantly under $100.
If this idea ever takes off in a big way (about a hundred orders or so) then
I have an electronics company that could build them for me.
While they may not have any intentional trapdoors, since you don't have
the full design specs, you can never be sure of everything that is going on
within the machine.  For example, if in my device I have a section of memory
that holds the private key, and I clear it (overwrite with nulls) then I
can be reasonably sure that if someone was to get the device they would
not be able to retrieve the private key from anywhere.  In a machine such as a Wizard, you never know where the number may end up, for example in some area of memory used for the auto-resume feature or some kind of
cache.  If a device was not designed with security in mind it is likely
to be insecure.
Might severely limit the length of keys you can handle, therefore the level of your security.
See my previous post on why PCMCIA is not a very good choice of technology
for this purpose.
I plan to build it as a generic processor with two RS-232 ports.  All the crypto stuff would be handled in software.  So to cope with new formats,
etc. all you would need to do is reprogram the EPROM.
This is completely unrelated to the topic at hand, but:
What interfaced to the computer was the control functions (dial, signaling,
etc.) It sure was fun and useful, but not nearly enough to make a secure
telephone.  The actual speech (that which you are trying to encrypt) is
never actually digitized....
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-26 07:21:57
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: reputation 
What's to stop you (once you have some "reputation") from creating 250
other pseudonyms or "identitites", giving them all a "reputation", and then
create another identity, and have these 250 all give this one as much as
possible, in effect creating an identity with a lot of "credibility" out
of thin air?
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-26 07:54:44
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: PGP on a multiuser system 
This is not a very good way of doing this unless this is on a single-user
linux system where youhave read all the source, and compiled it yourself.
First, if on a multi-user system, what happens if two people run pgpcompose?
At the very least, use code like "vi /tmp/pgpcompose.$$", which will append
your process ID to the temp file name.
It is NOT a good idea to keep the plain text in a disk file, even for a little
while.  It would be very easy for someone to set up a crontab entry which looks for files of the name /tmp/pgp*, and copies them to a hidden directory.
You would never even know that it was happening.
If you absolutely MUST do crypto on a multiuser machine, at least try not to
keep plaintext or private keys in files.  For example, you could instead rewrite the above script to call vi directly
on what will become the output cyphertext file.  Then the user types in
plaintext, and does not save the file.  The file (while still only in memory)
is piped (!G) through pgp by the user.
This is still not very secure, since it would be not too difficult for someone
to have a version of vi that saves everything that is piped in a special file.
Or pgp may be modified to do the same.  Or if you compile pgp yourself every time, the C standard input routines
may be modified to do the logging. You get the picture. There is no security on a multiuser system.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-26 08:04:46
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Why electronic banks should be Redundant & Distributed 
The best banker deamon would run multiple copies on widely separated hosts/
networks, and keep each other up to date on accounts/balances.
They would be logically one entity, by sharing crypto keys.  So if one is cut off from the net, or even destroyed, you just send your
messages to one of the others.
When it comes back up, the others update it with current info.
Somewhat similar (not exactly, since they do not communicate to each other)
existing system is archie.  Imagine that your life or work depended on
constant access to archie.  When there was only one archie at quiche.mcgill.ca
you could have said "What do you do when the archie, for whatever reason,
becomes unreachable?".  Now that there are many archies, the simple answer
is use one of:
How likely do you think ALL of these widely separated entities could be
simultaneously destroyed/disconnected?
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-26 11:57:16
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: your mail 
Right now the list has 168 individual subscribers.
Plus, there are 6 gateways to local redistribution lists.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-27 10:22:36
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: list broken (NOT!) 
This does not mean that the list itself is broken, only one (or a few)
recipients have problems.  You would have a cause to worry if you received
a rejection message from toad.com.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-27 10:25:55
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: comments on Don's "Cypher Bank" 
A better way would be to mail the public key itself, or a short hash of it along with your payment.  That is all the information that
would be required.  A "handle" would be completely optional. If only the hash value is mailed, then the full key can be e-mailed
or anonymously posted to a newsgroup that you montitor.  If the full key
is mailed, you should invest in a scanner and some simple OCR software.
This way, someone may print out the public key and mail it to you.
You should not disclose someone's balance to anyone else, and certainly
no to the public.  Someone requesting their balance should send the
request by any communications channel (anonymous mail, newsgroup, anything)
and sign it with the private key corresponding to the public key used
when making the deposit.  Then you should encrypt your reply (the account
balance & any other info) using the public key, and send it back through
any channel.
I would make it: funds will be transferred based on instructions _signed_
with the private key corresponding to the public key used for deposit.
P.S. this would be equivalent to digital checking accounts.  Do not confuse
this scheme with the much more interesting Digital Cash ideas.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-27 10:46:45
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: ping..mailing list integrity.. 
I have not received it.  It may have just been a local network problem
on your side.  But it may also have been covert action (if you are paranoid enough to believe it). I have an idea how we could make it possible for eveyone to be SURE that
their message to the list actually went out; and also they could be certain
that they have not missed any list messages.  This is very important for people with unreliable or untrusted e-mail
The idea is:  whenever cypherpunks at toad.com receives a message, it would
append the From:, Date:, and Subject: headers to a file, thus creating
an index of messages passing through the list.  At the end of each day,
the file would be mailed out to the list.
So if you posted a message, you could check in the evening if it got
out or not.  If you are not sure if you are receiving all the messages,
you could maintain a simlar file yourself, and at the end of day compare
your notes with what is received from the list.
This should not be difficult to set up at all.
This could be later improved in several ways.  First, the message could
be signed by the list administrator (in case you think your mailfeed
is filtering what you receive, and is also removing these items from the index).
These indexes could be kept for a week or so, and either only the lists, or maybe even any of the individual messages that may have been missed
could be requested via a mailserver.  This could work similarly to the
CRYOMSG: facility of the Cryonix mailing list.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-27 18:16:47
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: More comments on dongles 
Maybe not "totally" (there are no absolutes) but if well designed, it could come VERY close.
The way I envision it, the host must NOT have the ability to turn it on
or off or do any of the other things you mentioned.  The assumption is
that you DON't trust the host.
All these commands to the dongle will be given through the keypad
and/or commands you type in from the terminal.
So if the host does not even need to know the dongle exists, it is
automatically independent of what type of computer, operating system,
communications program or terminal you are using.
Again, you are trusting the host.  What if the decryption program on the host has been modified to quietly write the plaintext to a hidden file.  Once the host decrypts the file (at a high speed, as you say), you want
to view the file, right?  That means the plaintext is transmitted from
the host to you.  Anywhere in the link (which could be a simple RS-232
connection, or a chain of network links, modem connections, etc.,
someone may be watching.  With my design, the decryption takes place at
the very last step, just before showing up on your screen.
I have thought of that too.  I would need one with two serial ports
though.  If you know of a good, cheap (can something have these two
properties simultaneously? :-) notebook computer with (option of?) two
serial ports, please let me know.
Since that is not something you do every day, I think you can tolerate
it taking a while.  How long it takes also depends on how much security
you want (i.e. key length)
That is just one of the reasons.  The others are convenience, lack of
trust in the host or the network, use of a terminal (which can't run any
software locally), use of various computers/terminals (at home, at work,
any other place you happen to be) use of an environment for which no PGP
implementation exists or on which you do not have the access to install any software, and I'm sure you (any of you) can think of other reasons
if you take some time.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-27 19:43:52
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: More comments on dongles 
I think we are using different terminologies, maybe even different
paradigms of how e-mail and other internet functions are accessed
by people.
In my terminology, "host" is the remote multiuser computer that is
on the internet, and provides access to users via dial-up modems,
local RS-232 terminals, and PC-s running terminal emulation programs.
The host could also be a BBS system (as in the case of FidoNet) which
provides mail forwarding for you.  It could be an on-line service
such as GENIE or Compu$erve.
Local equipment is the terminal, or Pc or Mac or whatever, that you use to connect to the host.  It could also be the laptop that you
connect to a cellular modem and connect to the host while mobile.
You could always use the same local equipment.  Or you may use different
types at different times (a terminal at work, a PC connected through
a modem from home, a firend's Mac, a borrowed laptop using a
cellular modem, etc).
The connection could be direct, as in the case of a terminal or
a direct dial-up by modem.
Or the connection could go through multiple channels.  For example
you could dial up a TYMNET POP, and then connect to your host.  Or,
you could call up a terminal server, log in to a guest account, and
then telnet or rlogin to your host.
In this scheme, the dongle sits right between the local equipment and
the connection.
In view of what I have said above, I am NOT running the plaintext through
the host.  I am running it through local equipment, which I may or may
not trust.  The host (being the multiuser system, administered by someone else) is always less trustworthy.  It is directly on the network/
It could be immediately transmitting everything you type to NSA for all
you know.
Yes, I certainly do.  That is the reason for having a portable trusted
device in the first place.  But, in this sense our two approaches (my
smart dongle that does all the crypto functions, and yours that only
stores the private key) are absolutely equivalent.  None of the two
exposes the private key in any way.
See my next post "STORY: scenario of use of Crypto-Dongle" for my
vision on how this would work.  Then, if you see any problems with
it, or suggestions for improvement, please let me know, so I can
improve it.
That is the kind of things I intend the keypad to be used for.
The dongle will have a numeric keypad, somewhat like the touch-tone phone, with letters on the number keys, and a couple of extra keys
such as * and # for functions. This misunderstanding is due to our differing use of the word "host". When you said the host would send the rsa-encrypted key to the dongle,
receive the decrypted session key, and then decrypt the file, I understood you as meaning that the remote multiuser machine is doing
all this.  Now I see that you meant for the local equipment to perform the decryption.
The problem with this is that you are depending on every piece of local
equioment to have a copy of the decryption program, and every version
of that program compatible with your dongle's commands structure and
key format.  Or you'd have to carry a several disks with you, with a
version of your software for every platform you could encounter.
In this case, you would have to save the encrypted message into a file
on the host, download it to your local machine, and then decrypt it
using the above approach.  This would be some amount of hassle, when compared to just using the mail reader software on the host.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-27 20:17:26
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Questionable Discussions (re: How far is too far?) 
Yes.  Once we have privacy, we can safely discuss all the other topics...
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-27 21:00:47
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Alternative to physically meeting 
Here's an alternative method if you know the person (know them well
enough to recognize the voice on the phone):
You transfer the key over a non-trusted channel such as electronic
mail..  Then both of you run a secure hash function (for example MD5)
on the key.  The result (128bits in the case of MD5) is then converted
to alphanumerics using something like base64.  In the case of 128bit
hash, you end up with 22 character verification code.
Then you call each other up on the phone, and spell out the 22 letters and verify they match what you independently computed.  If they do,
that means the key transferred over e-mail is correct.
This is of course susceptible to the kind of attack where someone stands
with a gun pointed at you and makes you give the wrong key, but that
attack can also be done if meeting in person.  I.e. someone tells you they
are going to kill you as soon as you step out of the room if you don't give
the compromised key.
But at least with this attack one of the persons knows they key is no good, and you will avoid using it for sensitive material.
Can you think of any other attack that this method is susceptible to?
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-28 06:30:11
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: verification of posting 
Digests also introduce a time-delay.  You can have almost-realtime
discussions with an immediate reflector.  It is possible to have both.  On many mailing lists (such as future-culture
for example) you can "subscribe realtime" or "subscribe digest".
I suggest that even if we don't have a digest, we could still have a
"table of contents" at the end of the day.
You would not need a receipt message, you would just check to see if you
message appeared in the index.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-28 06:33:06
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: ping..mailing list integrity.. 
Not if the evening "verification index" was signed with the list
maintainer's private key.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-28 07:44:49
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: FutureCulture FAQ 
Does anyone have a copy?  Nyx seems to be down for the last couple
of days so I can't get it.  Don't send it to me, I don't want to have 150 copies of this fairly
large document pile up in my mailbox overnight, just let me know if
you have it, and I will request ONE of you to send it.
Yanek, yanek at novavax.nova.edu

@_date: 1992-11-28 07:53:25
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Detailed Scenario of Dongle Usage 
So, you walk up to ANY terminal directly connected to a host, or to a
terminal server, or a personal computer of any kind connected through a
modem, or borrow someone's laptop connected to a cellular modem.
You connect your dongle in between the terminal/computer and the
communications line, and punch in your secret code on the keypad
(which, like phones, also has letters so you can remember fairly long
Call up, or telnet, dial up a bbs, or connect through any other means, to your host,
and log in.
Run your favorite mail reader, let's say _elm_.  Start reading your
mail as you usually would.
Any time an encrypted message is displayed whose public key ID matches
one of the private keys on your keyring, the dongle temporarily buffers
the message it into its RAM, flashes the "decrypt" LED, while
decrypting the message.  Then you can view the plaintext using a
simple, terminal-independent pager that lets you go forward/back one
page, and search for a key word.  When you are done, you press Q, and
the plaintext is immediately deleted from the memory.  Note that during
all this, the plaintext did not appear anywhere on the host or any of
the communication links connecting you to it.
Let's say you want to reply to a message.  Press 'r' or whatever key is
used to reply in your particular mail reader.
Or if you want to send a message, press 'm' and fill in the address.
Then, if your editor is something like vi or ed that requires you to do
something before you can input text (like press 'a') then do that.  If
you use an editor like EMACS or SMiLE or jove or cat or anything that
lets you just type in text, you skip this step.
Now, press the "encrypt" button on the dongle.  It presents you with a
simple line editor, that works with any terminal or terminal emulation,
but is reasonably easy to use (something like most bbs-es use for
composing messages).  You type your message, or if it was prepared
ahead of time on the local equipment, you transmit the text.
NOTE: this is the simpler of the several different approaches to plaintext
handling that I am considering.
When you are done, you pick the public key to encrypt it with (or it
can be automatically determined based on the address you typed in to
your mail program previously).  If you have lots of public keys, you
could use a search to quickly find the one you want.
Then you have the option of signing the message with any one of the
private keys that you have.
Finally, the dongle transmits the cyphertext to the host, and you type
the _exit_ key sequence for the editor (:wq, or C-x C-c, or /done,
The message is sent by the mailer software on the host.
Then you may want to scan a newsgroup like alt.w.a.s.t.e for any mail
that may be for you.  Put your dongle into "WASTE SCAN" mode (for
example by pressing *WS on the keypad) and tell your newsreader
something like "display all new messages".  The dongle will detect a
message whose key-id matches one of the keys on your key-ring decrypts
and displays it, while ignoring all the other messages that are not for
you.  You must retrieve all the messages, so that anyone monitoring
your activity has no way of knowing which one, if any, was actually
addressed to you.
Then you receive a "talk" request (or a chat call on a bbs, or you may
be on irc or a MUD with "chat mode") from someone you know has a
similar device (or software that emulates it).
If you both know each other's public keys, the two devices both
generate a random session key and encrypt it with the others' public
If not, a key-exchange protocol may be used to generate a key both of
you know, but that can not be later recovered by someone recording the
Now the dongles encrypt any text (one line at at time) that you type,
and decrypt anything received.
Many other applications for a portable, trusted crypto engine could be
thought of, given time.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-28 12:00:51
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: CFP93 information (fwd) 
The following message was posted to Extropians by Fred Moulton.   Forwarded message:
 > Message-Id: <9211281835.AA05819 at geech.gnu.ai.mit.edu>
 > To: Extropians at gnu.ai.mit.edu
 > Date: Sat, 28 Nov 92 10:31:56 -0800
 > From: moulton at netcom.com (Fred C. Moulton)
 > Subject: CFP93 information
 >  >  > Attached is some information on CFP93 which might be of interest to some
 > persons on this list.   >  > Fred
 >  >  >  >                          CFP'93
 >    The Third Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy
 >          Sponsored by ACM SIGCOMM, SIGCAS & SIGSAC
 >                     9 - 12 March 1993
 >      San Francisco Airport Marriott Hotel, Burlingame, CA
 >  >  > SCOPE
 >  > The advance of computer and telecommunications technologies holds  > great promise for individuals and society. From convenience for  > consumers and efficiency in commerce to improved public health and  > safety and increased participation in democratic institutions,  > these technologies can fundamentally transform our lives.
 >  > At the same time these technologies pose threats to the ideals of  > a free and open society. Personal privacy is increasingly at risk  > from invasion by high-tech surveillance and eavesdropping. The  > myriad databases containing personal information maintained in the  > public and private sectors expose private life to constant scrutiny.  >  > Technological advances also enable new forms of illegal activity,  > posing new problems for legal and law enforcement officials and  > challenging the very definitions of crime and civil liberties. But  > technologies used to combat these crimes can threaten the  > traditional barriers between the individual and the state.
 >  > Even such fundamental notions as speech, assembly and property are  > being transformed by these technologies, throwing into question  > the basic Constitutional protections that have guarded them.  > Similarly, information knows no borders; as the scope of economies  > becomes global and as networked communities transcend  > international boundaries, ways must be found to reconcile  > competing political, social and economic interests in the digital  > domain.
 >  > The Third Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy will  > assemble experts, advocates and interested people from a broad  > spectrum of disciplines and backgrounds in a balanced public forum  > to address the impact of computer and telecommunications  > technologies on freedom and privacy in society. Participants will  > include people from the fields of computer science, law, business,  > research, information, library science, health, public policy,  > government, law enforcement, public advocacy and many others.
 >  > Topics covered in previous CFP conferences include:
 >  > Personal Information and Privacy
 > International Perspectives and Impacts
 > Law Enforcement and Civil Liberties
 > Ethics, Morality and Criminality
 > Electronic Speech, Press and Assembly
 > Who Logs On (Computer & Telecom Networks)
 > Free Speech and the Public Telephone Network
 > Access to Government Information
 > Computer-based Surveillance of Individuals
 > Computers in the Workplace
 > Who Holds the Keys? (Cryptography)
 > Who's in Your Genes? (Genetic Information)
 > Ethics and Education
 > Public Policy for the 21st Century
 >  > INFORMATION
 >  > For more information on the CFP'93 program and advance  > registration, as it becomes available, write to:
 >  > 	CFP'93 Information
 > 	2210 Sixth Street
 > 	Berkeley, CA 94710
 >  > or send email to:    cfp93 at well.sf.ca.us    with the word  > "Information" in the subject line.
 >  > THE ORGANIZERS
 >  > General Chair
 > -------------
 > Bruce R. Koball
 > CFP'93
 > 2210 Sixth Street
 > Berkeley, CA 94710
 > 510-845-1350 (voice)
 > 510-845-3946 (fax)
 > bkoball at well.sf.ca.us
 >  > Steering Committee
 > ------------------
 > John Baker                        Mitch Ratcliffe
 > Equifax                           MacWeek Magazine
 >  > Mary J. Culnan                    David D. Redell
 > Georgetown University             DEC Systems Research
 >                                    Center
 > Dorothy Denning
 > Georgetown University             Marc Rotenberg
 >                                   Computer Professionals
 > Les Earnest                        for Social Responsibility
 > GeoGroup, Inc.
 >                                   C. James Schmidt
 > Mike Godwin                       San Jose State University
 > Electronic Frontier Foundation
 >                                   Barbara Simons
 > Mark Graham                       IBM
 > Pandora Systems
 >                                   Lee Tien
 > Lance J. Hoffman                  Attorney
 > George Washington University
 >                                   George Trubow
 > Donald G. Ingraham                John Marshall Law School
 > Office of the District Attorney,
 >  Alameda County, CA               Willis Ware
 >                                   Rand Corp.
 > Simona Nass
 > Student - Cardozo Law School      Jim Warren
 >                                   MicroTimes
 > Peter G. Neumann                   & Autodesk, Inc.
 > SRI International
 >  > Affiliations are listed for identification only.
 >  >  > Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-28 13:24:30
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Crypto Dongle... 
The concept is by no means complete. I will continue to add
improvements as people suggest them.
It would be transparent the other way, so that you would press space or
'n' or 'return' or anything you want.
It should not be too difficult to ignore any codes that are not part of
the data stream.  If the message is coded with something like uuencode
or base64 then the uniform-length lines of data should be clearly
disinguishable from any other text such as "Press N for next screen"
or an escape sequence.
Also, overlapping display (some pagers show you a couple of lines from
the previous screenful) could be dealt with by detecting duplicate
By memory I meant the RAM in the dongle.  If you wanted to save it, you
could have just used to "logifile" function of your communication
I have not thought about that.
Right away I see several possibilities: one, if the message you are
replying to is the one you just decrypted, it could have been stored in
the buffer, and you can delete the irrelevant lines, and insert your
The other would be that as you read a message, you could write and
encrypt your reply.  In that case it would also be simple to
automatically use the public key that was used to verify the
I am sure there are other ways.  There is essentially no limit on
possibilities once you have a CPU.
I will think about it some more.  Thanks for bringing this up.
You could probably download an editor of your choice into it.  There
could be several editors available.  Maybe even a simple screen editor
that recognizes several most common terminals like vt100 and ansi.
If your comm software supperted such a feature, the dongle could
transmit a magic sequence which would make the pc to automatically go
into an editor and then transmit the text.  I would imagine eventually
the most popular communication programs would have this feature.  Some
might already.  The point is that if you happen to be using a dumb
terminal or some machine or software WITHOUT this capability you could
still receive and send secure messages.
They would not be decrypted "on-the-fly".  Each Subject: line would
contain the MD5 hash of the public key.  It would take a fraction of a
second to determine if that hash matches one of your keys for which the
hash values would be precomputed and stored.  Then the message would be
captured.  Later, when the scan is complete, it would be decrypted and
That is true.  It should not be a problem though, if there are not too
many messages for you. I plan for the device to have 256k of ram, so it
could hold a few messages.  The ram could be expanded if necessary.
I envision that this method would only be used for short and important
messages, mostly of the form:
  "Contact me by sending mail to xyzzy at anon-r-us.com, key: dfgSDFgds34DF"
So they would be short, easy to buffer, quick to decrypt and hopefully
not too many of them.  If there WAS too many messages, more than you
were able to buffer, then it would just ignore the rest, process the
ones it did get, and then you would request a second scan during which
the first ones (that have already been processed) would be ignored, and
the rest would be received.  The problem with this is that the host
would know that if you scan twice you have a lot of messages. They dont
know which ones though.  Or maybe you just had a transmission error...
Most people that use e-mail already have a computer, They may not want
to buy another one.  They may use the computer or terminal on their
desk for other things too, and would not want the inconvenience of
having to use a separate screen/keyboard anytime they receive or want
to send a private message.
Laptop will cost more.  Why buy a screen, keyboard, disk drive if you
already have it.  Hopefully my device will be cheap.  It should be
cheaper than any laptop.  All I have is two serial ports, a cpu, some
RAM and support cirquitry.  I don't have a full-fledged keyboard,
display, disk (or card) drive, and all the other stuff that goes in a
laptop.  Laptops are bigger.  Or if they are small, they have lousy
screens/keyboards.  I hope to make my device smaller than even the
so-called "palmtops".  It would be easier to carry with you, in your
pocket.  It would be easier to hide if necessary.
You can't make a laptop.  You cant easily open it up, or if you can, it
is complex enough that you can not completely understand its design.
You can make a dongle from a kit, testing each part before you assemble
it.  You could make one from scratch.  You can design one if you don't
trust the schematics.  Or you could show it to a competent electronics
engineer and he could tell you if it does what it says it will.
A laptop is not designed with security in mind.
If you find that someone has just learned your secret code (that you
used to encrypt your private key) and are going to seize your laptop in
15 seconds, you can't immediately destroy the key (you need to turn it
on, boot or resume, exit from whatever program you were running or
create a new window, CD to the directory where you store your private
key, delete the file, run some program that makes sure the sectors are
cleared.)  And you still can't be sure that the key is not stored in
some buffer or disk or cpu cache or a temporary file.
Compare this with punching in a short "DESTRUCT" sequence on the
keypad; if you have the device in your pocket, you can even do it
without taking it out of your pocket, if you know the keypad well; And
be absolutely sure that all information is completely gone.
Absolutely.  I am not saying that a hardware device designed
specifically for cryptography is the ONLY way to go, what I do believe
is that it is just a very good way to make easy access to cryptography
A person that does not even know enough to be able to download, uncompress
and install a software package could get one of these devices and make
use of it.  And there is no limit as to what a knowledgeable person
could do with such a device.
Right now I hope to make it available for about $100. I don't know if I
can yet, but will find out soon.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-28 14:00:11
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: security on a multiuser system 
That is fine as long as you trust all the entities that designed,
built, (modified :-), programmed, installed, and administer the system.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-28 20:46:59
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Governmental Economic Control 
You can not depend on this.  The government may subsidize the
transactions, reducing or elimintating the overhead.  For example it
may issue "free" (paid for by money extorted from you) Personal
Identitiy Cards, and install "public" Funds Transfer Terminals in most
public locations.
It may pass laws requiring every business to accept it (just write
"This Card is a Legal Tender..." on the card).
Then the only incentive for bypassing the system would be desire for
privacy, which, for the average American, is much weaker than the
economic incentive.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1992-11-30 17:41:25
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Unlabelled PGP messages 
[talks about posting anonymous messages that only recipient can decrypt]
Why not generate a key just for this conversation, and then post a full
128-bit (22 base64 characters) hash in the subject.
You can even have a key for each message if the conconversation is two-way
then whenever you are about to send a message you can generate a new key
pair and include the new public key with your message.  As soon as you receive and decrypt the message for that key, destroy the
private key.

@_date: 1993-01-01 09:21:32
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: Random Number Generation references 
Here's a list of references from the end of Rueppel's _Stream_Chiphers_
that seem to be relevant to random number generation:
J. Bernasconi and C.G. Gunther, "Analysis of a nonlinear feedforward logic
for binary sequence generators," BBC Tech. Rep., 1985
T. Beth and F. Piper, "The stop-and-go generator," in Lecture Notes in
Computer Science 109; Advances in Cryptology: Proc. Eurocrypt '84, T. Beth,
N. Cot, and I. Ingemarsson, Eds., Paris, France, April 9-11, 1984, pp.
88-92. Berlin: Springer-Verlag, 1985.
M. Blum and S. Micali, "How to generate cryptographically strong sequences
of pseudo-random bits," SIAM J. Comput., vol. 13, pp. 850-864, 1984
L. Blum, M. Blum , and M. Shub, "A simple unpredictable pseudo-random
number generator," SIAM J. Comput., vol. 15, pp. 364-383, 1986.
J.O. Bruer, "On pseudo random sequences as crypto generators," in Proc. Int
Zurich Seminar on Digital communication, Switzerland, 1984.
L. Brynielsson, "On the linear complexity of combined shift regiser
sequences," in Lecture Notes in Computer Science 219; Advances in
Cryptology: Proc. Eurocrypt '85, F. Pichler, Ed., Linz, Austria, April
1985, pp. 156-166. Berlin: Springer-Verlag, 1986.
J. Gait, "A new nonlinear pseudorandom number generator," IEEE Trans.
Software Eng., vols. S E3, no. 5, pp. 359-363, Sept. 1977.
O. Goldreich, S. Goldwasser, and S. Micali, "How to construct random
functions," J. ACM, vol. 33, no. 4, pp. 792-807, 1986.
D. Gollman, "Pseudo random properties of cascade connections of clock
controlled shift registers," in Lecture Notes in Computer Science 209;
Advances in Cryptology: Proc. Eurocrypt '84, T. Beth, N. Cot, and I.
Ingermasson, Eds., Paris, France, April 9-11, 1984, pp. 93-98. Berlin:
Springer-Verlag, 1985.
B. Kaliski, A pseudo random bit generator based on elliptic logarithms, M.
Sc. thesis, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 1987.
E. L. Key, "An analysis of the structure and complexity of nonlinear binary
sequence generators," IEEE Trans. Inform. Theory, vol. IT-22, no. 6, pp.
732-763, Nov. 1976.
M. Luby and C. Rackoff, "How to construct pseudorandom permutations from
pseudorandom functions," SIAM J. Comput. vol. 17, pp. 373-386, 1988.
J.L. Massey, A. Gubser, A. Fischer, P. Hochstrasser, B. Huber, and R.
Sutter, "A self-synchronizing digital scrambler for cryptographic
protection of data," in Proceedings of International Zurich Seminar, March,
J.L. Massey and R.A. Rueppel, "Linear ciphers and random sequence
generators with multiple clocks," in Lecture Notes in Computer Science 209;
Advances in Cryptology: Proc. Eurocrypt '84, T. Beth. N. Cot, and I.
Ingermasson, Eds., Paris, France, April 9-11, 1984, pp. 74-87. Berlin:
Springer-Verlag, 1985.
U. Maurer and J. L. Massey, "Perfect local randomness in pseudo-random
sequences," in Lecture Notes in Computer Science 435; Advances in
Cryptology: Proc. Crypto'89, G. Brassard, Ed., Santa Barbara, CA, Aug.
20-24. 1989, pp. 110-112.  Berlin: Springer-Verlag, 1990.
U. Maurer, "A provable-secure strongly-randomized cipher," in Lecture Notes
in Computer Science 473; Advances in Cryptology: Proc. Eurocrypt'90, I.
Damgard, Ed., Aarhus, Denmark, May 21-24. 1990, pp. 361-373.  Berlin:
S. Micali and C.P. Schnorr, "Efficient, perfect random number generators,"
preprint, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, University of Frankfurt,
R.A. Rueppel and O. Stafflebach, "Products of sequences with maximum linear
complexity," IEEE Trans. Inform. Theory, vol. IT-33, no.1, pp. 124-131,
Jan. 1987.
A. Shamir, "On the generation of cryptographically strong pseudo-random
sequences," 8th Int. Colloquim on Automata, Languages, and Programming,
Lecture Notes in Computer Science 62, Springer Verlag, 1981.
Y. Zheng, T. Matsumoto, and H. Imai, "Impossibility and optimality results
on constructing pseudorandom permutations," in Lecture Notes in Computer
Science 434; Advances in Cryptology; PRoc. Eurocrypt'89, J.-J. Quisquater
and J. Vandewalle, Eds., Houthalen, Belgium, April 10-23, 1989, pp.
412-422.  Berlin: Springer-Verlag, 1990.
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819

@_date: 1993-01-06 05:53:09
@_author: Yanek Martinson 
@_subject: RSAREF now available via anonymous FTP (fwd)) 
In case someone's interested:
Forwarded message:
Yanek Martinson    mthvax.cs.miami.edu!safe0!yanek     uunet!medexam!yanek
this address preferred -->> yanek at novavax.nova.edu <<-- this address preferred
Phone (305) 765-6300 daytime   FAX: (305) 765-6708  1321 N 65 Way/Hollywood
      (305) 963-1931 evenings       (305) 981-9812  Florida, 33024-5819
