
@_date: 2001-06-24 21:27:44
@_author: ybaker@justlikeme.net 
@_subject: I thought you would like this 
***apologies if you receive this by mistake.
see end of message****
Have you heard of Just Like Me Books? These books are amazing, they teach children the missing pieces of Black history from Africa to America. Just Like Me Books are first class products with fun activities, the facts contained in these books are from The Washington Post, Newsweek, the Patent Office etc.  Lastly the Just Like Me Books help children believe in themselves, teaches them, and makes them proud of the African American race.  Every family, especially every Black family should own a set, don't take my word for it, read how these books are sweeping the nation. If you like what you read in this email, go to  .
"The Just Like Me Coloring Books foster positive images of African Americans and fill a need that is not currently done through traditional history books." Veronica Logan New Jersey
"Every household in America should have a set of Just Like Me Coloring Books. I am 42 years old and I learned a lot of new information about African American history." Teresa Golden "My Godchildren go to sleep with those books. They bring them to school and to the baby-sitter. They especially love the book of careers. It definitely helps them dream BIG." Steve Davis New York "These African American Children's books (Just Like Me) are very enlightening and quite informative. My daughter is only 3 years old but I still read these books to her. The reason I'm writing is to show great appreciation for all the hard work and dedication that must have went into creating these products. Thank you!!!" Tamay Johnson "I never imagine that a coloring book could teach adults while entertaining children. Upon initially being introduce to Just Like Me I instantly knew it would become a classic in children's books. I am so sure that this series is destine to be a classic, I purchased and framed a first edition Just Like Me Coloring Book and hung it on my wall." Cheryl Archer Maryland "Those books are beautifully laid out. I wish I had them when I was a child!" Patrina Roy California "The Just Like Me Books are not only educational but the books are also a lot of fun. These books give the necessary insight as well as educate children and adults about our heritage that is hard to find anywhere else. Janice Turner "I love your Just Like Me Books. I bought sets of them for my family reunion last year and all the children loved them. Their parents were so thrilled to have them and look forward to buying more. My older cousin owns two day-care centers and is planning to purchase a whole set for her centers and incorporate it into her curriculum there. I'm telling you, these books are great.!!! I especially love the one about civilizations. My little cousins are so empowered to learn more about their history just by being exposed to this knowledge. And they love to show off their skills to friends, which just makes my day - EACH ONE,TEACH ONE!!! Thank you Mr. Baker for the Vision and Contribution of Fun and MUCH NEEDED KNOWLEDGE!!! The World Thanks You!!!"
Shuyinthia Farley
Washington, D.C. "This is a great idea to combine fun and learning! The children, as well as adults, love the books. It's a great gift idea too." Nicole Drew New York "It's wonderful to know that because of Just Like Me Books children can learn facts about our history that we did not know as children." Sabrina Dent New Jersey ***We are NOT SPAMMERS, this list is for people who have bought Black books and wanted to be informed about new Black books if this is untrue, please type REMOVE in the subject of your reply email to be removed from the list. Requests will be processed at that address only. Thank you.  Again we apologize if this  message reach you in error***
Teaching children the missing pieces of Black history from Africa to America!!
