
@_date: 1993-04-21 08:48:35
@_author: Communism is like MS-DOS: It doesn't work, and you wouldn't want to use it even if it did.  21-Apr-1993 1120 
@_subject: Making Clippers More Secure 
Agreeing with all the previous problems and issues put forth; key-escrow,
secret algorithms that can't be formally tested, etc...
So, let's *assume* that the US Gummint makes all other encryption illegal,
except those that use this chip, and they intend to check all messages
that look encrypted to verify that they have the correct system key:
Well, we can use more than one chip, or use it in ways that were
Use PGP (or SROT, or some other p.d. crypto package) to encrypt once, and then use a Clipper to put a legal-looking wrapper on the
message.  The problem with this is that *if* there is a law making
all other cryptosystems illegal, then you still do time.
Then the gummint says "You can use chips, but ONLY chips.  No other
Well, how 'bout this: Use three chips.  The first two are BOTH fed the message,
and the resulting bitstreams are XORed together and then fed to the third
chip (to provide a legal-looking "wrapper")  The XORing should obscure the serial numbers of the first two chips, meaning that the NSA can not
go to a key-escrow authority with a blanket court order and obtain the keys.  Rather, assuming the "secret algorithm" is good, the worst-case scenario
is either a full search of the keyspace (if the secret algorithm forms a mathematical "group", or an exhaustive search of [issued-keyspace]^2.
Yes, the above does not address the issue of decoding (as stated above, you can't recover the plaintext.)  But that's soluble, by inserting a known
(but secret) string into the start of the bitstream for both the encoding and decoding second chips; the result is that by the time the second decoding chip needs to start knowing what was XORed into the incoming stream, the first decoding chip has already decoded that part of the message, which can be re-encoded using the first encoding chip's keys to provide the continuing bitstream needed for the XOR.  Now, the BIG issue is this: is it possible to obtain the serial numbers of a pair of Clipper chips from the XOR of two output streams?  How about three?
How about N, where N is large?
Without knowing the algorithm, this will be difficult to answer...
% ====== Internet headers and postmarks (see DECWRL::GATEWAY.DOC) ======
% Received: by enet-gw.pa.dec.com; id AA02474; Wed, 21 Apr 93 05:13:14 -0700
% Received: from mc by mc.lcs.mit.edu id ak02907; 20 Apr 93 11:15 EDT
% Received: from enet-gw.pa.dec.com by mc.lcs.mit.edu id aa02377; 20 Apr 93 10:20 ED
% Received: by enet-gw.pa.dec.com; id AA27388; Tue, 20 Apr 93 07:19:42 -0700
% Message-Id: <9304201419.AA27388 at enet-gw.pa.dec.com>
% Received: from aidev.enet; by decwrl.enet; Tue, 20 Apr 93 07:19:43 PDT
% Date: Tue, 20 Apr 93 07:19:43 PDT
% From: aidev::yerazunis ("Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori. 20-Apr-1993 0950")
% To: elbows at mc.lcs.mit.edu
% Cc: aidev::yerazunis
% Apparently-To: elbows at mc.lcs.mit.edu
% Subject: Clipper Chip

@_date: 1993-04-23 08:20:22
@_author: Welcome to Addendia, Mr. Lee.  23-Apr-1993 1109 
@_subject: fingerprint keys over ham radio: 
One thing to be careful of:  Amateur radio must *not* use codes or
cyphers to obscure meaning.  All information transmission must be in
the clear (not necessarily English, but no encryption of data).
The one exception is this:  codes and cyphers *may* be used to provide
checksumming, error correction, and/or authentication. (examples-
repeater control codes, autopatch codes, OSCAR control codes, etc. ) The meaning must still be in clear but you are allowed to send a
authenticating "signature" in code, as long as the signature contains no information other than authentication itself that was not also transmitted in clear.  That's why autopatch
protocol requires you to say "I'm turning on the patch" before you
transmit the (hopefully secret) autopatch control codes.
Please keep this in mind- and be able to prove it to the FCC should
they request it.  It might even be worth announcing the "authentication
only" mode at the start of your net, so both other amateurs and the
FCC itself know what to expect.  Posting software on a packet BBS
for others to download and verify a "no hidden codes" status would
probably be a reasonable action and a good protective measure.

@_date: 1993-04-23 13:45:17
@_author: Do you know what's in the trunk? 23-Apr-1993 1646 
@_subject: subliminal channels on ham radio 
KLB says:
[and goes on to explain such steganography]
yes, you could _theoretically_ use steganography in the authentication
block, but it would be illegal.  Very simply, you must not transmit a
message over the Amateur bands if that message contains information that
is not "in the clear".  And I doubt any ham would knowingly transmit such a message... hams
would consider it "poor form".  Hams and amateur radio has been self-
policing since WW 1 and Hiram Maxim's passage of a congressional bill
*making* ham radio self-policing to the greatest extent possible.  That's
why the US hams were not silenced "for security reasons" during WW I, and
the tradition of self-policing ham radio has held up ever since.  Besides, essentially *all* ham traffic is monitored- usually by other
hams, as well as by shortwave listeners, scanner groupies, and even,
occasionally, the FCC.  Hams will DF (direction-find) in on anybody
on their frequencies who break the rules with the ruthless efficiency
of Truly and Justly Annoyed Citizens, and the FCC has (at last!) agreed
to accept tapes made by hams as legal evidence in seizure proceedings.
Thus, the ham radio frequencies are "the wrong pool to piss in", if you get
my drift.

@_date: 1993-08-12 12:58:13
@_author: This is _intense_! 12-Aug-1993 1536 
@_subject: Subliminal channels in signature functions may be unavoidable. 
I  was considering the subliminal-channel-in-the-digital-signature question
in the shower, and came to an interesting handwaving proof of the following
Fortunately, this mailing list is wide enough to contain the essence of the proof.
1) Hypothesize an arbitrary signature system that simply provides authentication via a randomish-looking bitstream that is a function
only of the input document and (possibly) a secret or public key
known to the sender and intended recipient, and that an "external monitor" exists who will verify that each message is
indeed signed appropriately; 2) The job of the monitor is to censor communications between the sender and recipient; hie does this by examining the contents of
the messages and if he passes the message; otherwise he refuses the message back to the sender.
3) Assume the signature-generating algorithm is published, and is
a strongly random function of the input stream.
4) Assume any number of messages may be passed.
5) Assume that the sender and intended recipient have previously arranged for an unknown-to-the-censor second signature and bit 6) To send a subliminal-channel message, the sender generates an
innocuous message, time-stamps it, and signs it, then signs the signature with the "secret second signature".  If the [bit-count]
low-order bits of the second secret signature match the desired first N bits of the desired subliminal channel message, then
the message plus first (authenticating) signature is handed
off to the censor to examine and transport.  If the bits don't
match, the time-stamp of the original message is updated, and
the process repeated until the bits _do_ match.  The loop of
innoucuous-message/first-signature/second-signature/compare is
then repeated again until all the bits of the desired subliminal
channel message have been sent.
Since for any good signature scheme all bits in the output bitstream are
strongly random functions of all bits in the input stream, changing one
bit (in the timestamp) has a chance of 1 in 2^bitcount bits of giving
the desired secret-signature bitset.
Proof of the bandwidth of such a scheme is proportional to 1/2 the
resolution in bits of the time-stamp is left to the student.  (I just
_had_ to say that.  :-)  ).  Extension: If the number of messages per unit time allowed by the censor is limited, then the bandwidth becomes MIN ( [1/2 timestamp resolution] , [bitcount * allowed-message-frequency]

@_date: 1993-08-26 11:47:31
@_author: Read me doctor memory! 26-Aug-1993 1434 
@_subject: ViaCrypt's PGP 
Thug at phantom.com says:
There's actually a much easier way for a backdoor to be inserted that
will allow monitoring even without the spooks knocking on your door to
get your disk...
PGP uses RSA only to encode and transmit a "random" DES/IDEA-type session key,
and the rest of the message is encoded only with the session key.  The
recipient PGP uses RSA to recover the session key, and then decodes the
rest of the message with the recovered session key.
Say that the "backdoored" PGP is redesigned to only choose session keys from
a large-but-reasonably-brute-forceable set.... [example: only from consecutive 8-byte sequences in the executable image; I'm sure some other more obscure
method can be easily devised].  The result is that there might only be a few hundred thousand possible session keys- few enough that a brute-force attack with a small array of workstations might succeed in recovering the session key in a few
minutes to hours.  The only way ViaCrypt can prove that this isn't the case is to distribute
the source code of _their_ product.  [Note: they do NOT have to include the
RSA module source- if it's possible to examine the non-RSA code, and instrument it (to prove that the session key is honestly generated _AND_ transmitted/recovered correctly) then Thug's tests will be adequate
to verify a lack of backdoors (as far as I can see- but I'm perhaps not
as devious as a professional).

@_date: 1993-07-13 08:02:35
@_author: In search of cognitive dissonance... 13-Jul-1993 1036 
@_subject: State Departnemt shuts down DEC machine 
And people wonder why DEC is setting up production lines in both Ireland and Israel to build Alpha chips, and contracting with Kyocera to make them in Singapore as well... It's not export if
it never started out in the USA now, is it?  :-)
[this is my opinion ONLY, and is not necessarily the opinion or
strategy of my employer]

@_date: 1993-05-13 06:09:28
@_author: gone, like tears in the rain.  13-May-1993 0910 
@_subject: Caller ID 
Well, that would be the truth here!  I haven't been able to complete the call to the 800 number *yet*.  My home phone gets
a couple of clicks, and then a fast busy, my work phone goes immediately
to fast busy.

@_date: 1993-05-17 06:51:23
@_author: Not MY universe! 17-May-1993 0927 
@_subject: Double encryption 
Skye asks (upon brute-force attacks):
Maybe.  The question is the same as the mathematical question "does
the encryption algorithm form a group?". "Groupness" refers to whether two applications of an encryption can
be collapsed (by some arbitrary key) into a single application of
the same encryption.  [or, for two differing encryptions, a single application of some algorithm either less complex than the sum of the
two original encryptions, or using a key shorter than the two original
For example, consider Caesar rotations.  Here, the key is just a number
from 0 to 26 and rot13 (rotation by 13, a->n, being the USENET standard
for encrypting dirty jokes).  We can "collapse" any pair of Caesar
rotations into a new single rotation; it's just rotate for the sum of the  two keys.  So, Caesar rotations form a group, and it does no good to
encrypt twice, because brute force needs to solve only one problem,
not two, as combinatorics would suggest.
But what about something more... interesting?  Say, a Caesar rotation
followed by a N-skipped version of the alphabet (for N=1, this is the identity alphabet, for N=2, the alphabet is "a,c,e,g,i,k,m,o,q,s,u,w,
y,b,d,f,h,j,l,n,p,r,t,v,x,z", for N=3, it's "a,d,g,...".)  Now, there's
no possibility of collapsing the two encryptions into one operation; no Caesar rotation can give any of the N-skip alphabets (except the trivial case of N=0), and most pairings of Caesar rotations followed
by skipping alphabets cannot be faked by either a Caesar rotation or a skip-alphabet alone.  Thus, we can say that Caesar followed by N-skip "does not form a group"
and so is as hard to crack by brute force as combinatorics suggest.
Back in the early days of DES, it was not known if DES encryption followed by another DES encryption formed a group.  That's why triple
DES encryption was designed to use an intermediate DEcryption (not encryption)
stage, so that even if double-DES-encryption formed a group, encryption/decryption/encryption would not (since it's possible to
DES-encrypt any possible message stream, therefore some set of cyphertext bits corresponds to some possible plaintext, and that
plaintext can be reencoded) and so it would not be possible to
collapse the first two operations into a single DES encode, collapse
the  and the third into yet another single encode and
thereby save much time for the brute force attack.
However, it's now been proven that DES encode followed by DES encode
does NOT form a group, and so it doesn't really matter any more.
No, it's an *excellent* question.

@_date: 1993-05-25 06:18:18
@_author: Do you know what's in the trunk? 25-May-1993 0917 
@_subject: pi compression 
Um, it doesn't follow to me that it's _obvious_ that 2^Aleph_0 is
larger than Aleph_0.  It might be- but I'd like to see the proof.
Now, Aleph_0 ^ Aleph_0, on the other hand...

@_date: 1993-10-13 10:16:42
@_author: A little like having bees live in your head. 13-Oct-1993 1306 
@_subject: Native American Encryption 
Not so.  There has been a written form for Navajo for the last
few decades (at least).  It uses the Roman alphabet but the mapping
of sound-to-character is not the same as for English.  Vowels aren't even a, e, i, o, and u, which certainly doesn't help speakers of English
trying to form syllables.
To my eye, it more closely resembles modem noise on an ASCII terminal than anything else, but it does exist.  (no, I can't read it)
Navajo code talkers spoke with Navajo words, but not with Navajo meanings.  Parts of speech that should be nouns became adjectives,
etc.  Navajo Elders who heard the code talkers commented "It
sounds like Navaho, but it doesn't make any _sense_!".

@_date: 1993-10-20 16:27:50
@_author: I still don't know your name, stranger.  20-Oct-1993 1925 
@_subject: Photocopying money 
There is no "chip" that scans dollar bills.  Dollar bill scanning is based
on the magnetic ink in a few simple stripes, the presence (actually, absence) of UV fluorescent inks, and not on optical recognition per se,
and besides, we all know how "reliable" such machines are.  NOT!
Besides, even if a pattern-match chip existed that could do it fast enough, simply turning the bill a few degrees (say, 45 degrees, across the glass)
would render the problem intractable...
And how about adding a background of stripes... something to really confuse
the chip....  Sorry, no.

@_date: 1993-09-08 07:16:57
@_author: You cannot conquer a free man, a man whose mind is free. The most you can do is kill him.  08-Sep-1993 1013 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum- how it works 
Actually, they aren't telling you, but SS techniques are published widely
in the technical literature.  For a relatively accessible and understandable
introduction, try the ARRL's book "Spread Spectrum Sourcebook", which describes not only the theory but also the results of the ARRL's experimentation with spread-spectrum technology for radio communications.
It's about $30 from any reputable ham radio supply house, and you can mail-order it.
[very succintly, SS works by adding a pseudorandom modulation to the
transmitter carrier that modulates the signal far far MORE than the
actual informational modulation.  For example, a 16-bit CRC register
feeding back on itself can be used.  The output of the CRC register (or any other pseudo-random-number-generator (PRNG) can be used as a modulator in two ways:
           	b) ease of interception: very difficult- I haven't the In either case, to demodulate the signal, one recieves the entire bandwidth,
then either hops their first-stage local oscillator (for frequency hopping) or phase-inverts (for direct sequence) the incoming signal.  The result is
a second-stage signal that can be demodulated by conventional means.  The only big trick is to synchronize the PRNG on the reciever to the PRNG on
the transmitter.
Another advantage to SS is that it tends to "ignore" strong signals in the
band- any signal that does not correllate against the PRNG modulation is
"spread out" over the entire band by the demodulation operation, while the
correct signal energy is concentrated into a small channel.  This gives
what's called "process gain" and allows a weak spread-spectrum signal to
work even in channels that may be dominated by strong conventionally-modulated
The ARRL did find that if they knew the bandwidth of the signal they were
looking for they _could_ direction-find on it, using wideband recievers
and notch filters to remove known conventionally-modulated signals from
the signal; once they were close enough to be in the "near field" of the
transmitter standard direction-finding techniques were adequate to DF,
even if they couldn't understand what was being transmitted, they could
find the source. (this was the basis for the FCC's OKing of the use of
SS modulation by hams on the 440 and higher bands- that some form of
accountability was being preserved).
Note that if the PRNG in a direct-sequence SS is replaced by a true random number source, we have the equivalent of a one-time pad and (I believe) complete security.  However, since the typical demands of a direct-sequence system for phase information are in the megabits per second, the logistics of "key management" may be utterly impractical.
So, if CM was using either modulation method, and used some reasonable
PRNG (i.e. one with remappings and hopsets determined by user-genned random
numbers) then it is quite possible that the government does not have the
technology _deployed_ in the field to intercept them.  But if they need it, I'm sure they will figure out how to do it.

@_date: 1993-09-16 06:54:39
@_author: I am not a number. I am an unbound variable. 16-Sep-1993 0950 
@_subject: Digital noise 
Unfortunately, last time I checked, they used a fairly short internal
PRNG to generate the "noise" (which means it's not noise at all, it's completely correllated and repeating, it just _sounds_ like noise to
a human ear.
To get real random noise, try using a transistor "backwards", as a zener diode.  Then look at the voltage- it's quite "noisy", esp. if you
use a decent-sized series resistor (try 100Kohms).

@_date: 1993-09-30 07:11:54
@_author: Just-in-time terraforming 30-Sep-1993 1008 
@_subject: FIDOnet encryption (or lack thereof) 
Heh.  OK.  Well, if one behaves "ethically", then I guess *that* closes
the issue.  It's his machine and he gets to make the rules.  (this is
my personally-adhered-to point of view)
On the other hand, he doesn't seem to have protected himself against
steganographic users (though the low bandwidth of steganography compared
to obvious encryption may make the steg channel less useful).  Others
may choose to take this point of view- but it's your karma.
