
@_date: 2001-06-22 23:13:58
@_author: Michael T. Glaspie 
@_subject: Want to Trade Links? 
Want to Trade Links?
Dear Member,
We're excited to announce our Partnership with Timothy L. Drobnick Sr. with ProfitBanners.com, TimsHomeTownStories.com, MyShoppingPlace.com, PutPEEL.com, PutPEEL.net, SELLinternetACCESS.com,
Be-Your-Own-ISP.com, and SeventhPower.com.
***  ***
    Because of your affiliation you are entitled to receive free our very popular "Your Membership Exchange" and "Your Membership Community & Commentary."
Both publications are about making money on the net, and each provides a convenient and FREE way to trade links with other members.
Try to read every issue, if no time atleast scan: you will get something valuable and profitable out of each issue!
"Your Membership Exchange" is sent Monday through Thursday, and is THE place to exchange ideas with other members, trade links, ask questions, discuss topics you are interested in, and even have your site spotlighted and reviewed by other members.
"Your Membership Community & Commentary" is sent only on Friday, and through this newsletter you'll hear from the best guest authors on the net and learn new marketing strategies, how to build your traffic and your business, and how to capitalize on the power and potential the web brings to every Net-preneur.  Also, you'll have the opportunity to share in the successes and failures of other members, with firsthand accounts from our members on how to succeed.  You can have your website spotlighted in our 'Center Stage' feature, or share your website strategies, FREE.
Watch for your first issue of "Your Membership Community & Commentary" coming soon.
You may opt-out at anytime, but with access to nearly 300,000 other web marketers and the opportunity to exchange ideas, learn from others, openly and freely trade links, and even have your site spotlighted, we believe you'll find "Your Membership" to be an indispensible free resource.
Michael T. Glaspie Director/Founder Your Membership Newsletter This email has been sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
Visit our Subscription Center to edit your interests or unsubscribe.
 at cyberpass.net
View our privacy policy: Powered by Constant Contact(R)
