
@_date: 1996-11-01 04:12:53
@_author: Hard Media 
@_subject: 'what cypherpunks is about' 
Message 1/40  From Timothy C. May
We mine the copper they have no money to mine and pay them with worthless
trinkets like penicillin, schools, and roads.
We are exploiting them.
Yep, they are better off in a state of natural grace, eating grubs and with
a life expectancy of 35.
--Tim May
I can't believe I'm hearing this. Buddy can you even READ? Have you
forgotten that the
Americas was doing fine until the Europeans got there and "civilised" it?
Go and read a few
books, try  "Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee" - J Dee  and then try
"Blackfoot Physics" by F David Peat.
Roads? Hell the longest tarred road in the world existed in India before
the Americas was colonised, I have a list of Chinese inventions made 10,000
years ago longer than your arm.
Oh yeah, the average life expentency for a male on the streets of LA is
about 35.
Then go and read some Chinese history, (Go and read Joseph Needman's
history of ancient China.)
 then try some Arab and Indian history. Maybe that'll give you some idea of
who was eating grubs when eh?
Anyways who the hell is talking "natural grace" if anything Europe during
the Dark Ages is a reflection of a "Western" heritage...and I can't
remember when I mentioned that living in a "natural" state was better than
being civilised, it's just that you seem to think that the "West" has a
on "civilisation". Which is pretty damn apathetic considering the access to
historic records and books you must surely have.
Honetly I'm just astonished that you insist on holding on to these ideas
before you'v had the
chance to check them out. What are your ideas based on anyways?CNN? I
suppose I should know better than to ask, the many times I'v been in the
States reminded me of Soviet Russia and the
"Iron Curtain", there seems to be a complete news blockout about the rest
of the world, enforced because intelligent people like you are content to
base your ideas and perceptions of the rest of the world on a mistaken
belief that the the universe revolves around the USA.
Just to clearify a this. You might not being doing this, but don't lump me
as being anti-Western.
I was born and live in London in the UK, and there are a huge number of
things that the West can be credited with achieving, but on the most part
the role of the West, mostly the USA, has been overblown.
In the UK and most of Europe there is a much greater understanding when it
comes to the rest of the world. Very few, if any, Englishmen today will
claim that our past colonial and imperial history is something to be proud
of. On the whole it isn't. The only place where these ideas florish are in
the USA.
Which is a shame.
Zaid Hassan

@_date: 1996-11-01 04:40:25
@_author: Hard Media 
@_subject: 'what cypherpunks is about' 
Oh Oh. I said bad things about Americans...in trouble now.
Anyways. Here are some figures:
"In the 20 year period between 1970 and 1989, the external debt of
developing nations grew from
$68.4 billion to $1 283 billion, an increase of 1846 per cent. Debt service
payments increased by 1400 per cent and were in excess of $160 billion by
the end of the 80s."
by the way most of this debt is concentrated in South American.

@_date: 1996-10-23 12:04:27
@_author: Hard Media 
@_subject: wired wankers 
Did anyone read the cover article in last months US Wired? About why Walter
Wriston , the ex-head
of Citibank, is acting like a cypherpunk????
I can't believe that a man responsible for countless third world deaths is
being called a cypherpunk
by Wired!!! Citibank is a major player in the third world debt
crisis...this seems to be news for
Thomas Bass, who interviewed him...then Bass goes on to ask if "Walter" has
made any "bad loans"
ie to dictators and other nasty sorts....jeez sorry but there's naivity and
there's stupidity
....seems like very few people know who or what cypherpunks are - good or bad?

@_date: 1996-10-31 06:06:32
@_author: Hard Media 
@_subject: tcmay in favour of redistribution of wealth? 
Justifiable? I dunno bout that. (Sorry couldn't resist.)
"Natural" is a dangerous word to use. I hadn't met any of the people
involved in
the Oklahoma bombing, nor had most of the world, yet there was worldwide
condemnation of the event. I hadn't met any of Hitler's concentration camp
victims but I'm still outraged at these events.
There are tangents and there are skew lines.
Oh yeah why people think I'm making an attack on Tim's character, his
looks, or whatever I don't understand, all I'm doing is criticising
something he wrote.
Where Walter Wriston/Third World debt is concerned the events are not
natural, we'r not talking about a flood, which is a "natural" event but the
actions of a man, or if you prefer an organisation. There is nothing "natural"
about these.
A country in debt to the IMF/World Bank or Citibank must accept
"Stabilisation Policies" :
"stabilisation policies are often viewed as measures designed primarily
to maintain poverty and dependency of Third World nations while
preserving the global market structure for the industrialised nations."
- "Economics for a Developing World", M P Todaro.
this is also known as "debt slavery". Not so good eh?
