
@_date: 2003-04-12 13:22:57
@_author: zem 
@_subject: Anonymous blogging experiment 
A few weeks back on the cryptography list someone asked about anonymous blogging software and hosting.
I've put together a simple system which I think meets the requirements: a remailer/PGP interface to a weblog hosting service.  It needs testing, so I'm offering free hosting to a few anonymous bloggers to help try it out.  Familiarity with mixmaster and PGP or GPG is Replies via remailer and PGP only please.  Fingerprint is listed below.  Make sure you include a public key and either a working nym or instructions on how I can contact you.

@_date: 2003-04-23 21:19:55
@_author: zem 
@_subject: Anonymous blog experiment, take two 
I've put together an experimental remailer/PGP interface to a weblog
hosting service.  Creating a blog and posting are entirely one-way processes via Mixmaster; there's no need for nyms or reply blocks.
The short version, for those familiar with PGP and mixmaster:
To create a blog, generate a new PGP key.  Set the Name field to 'invisiblog' and optionally put a name or description in the Comment field.  Use mixmaster to send the ascii-exported public key to signup at invisiblog.com.  Each new blog will show up at  as soon as its key is received.
To post, clearsign a message and send it to post at invisiblog.com.  The fingerprint of the signing key is used to figure out which blog to post it to.  There's no way to delete or modify posts.
If a first attempt at creating a blog or posting fails, resend - it'll ignore dupes.
More details here:
Step-by-step signup and posting instructions:
Anonymous weblogs will be linked from here as they are created:

@_date: 2003-04-30 22:48:02
@_author: zem 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
You're assuming that resellers add zero value to the content.  They can
make a profit by providing some service over and above the content itself.
Take file sharing networks as an example.  Current networks are flooded
with bogus, incomplete or poor quality files.  A nym could build a
reputation as a validating service - a critic, if you like.  Perhaps
something like this:
Alice the music critic buys copies of new content at relatively high
prices from the creator, or close sources.  When Bob requests a copy of
a particular file, Alice encrypts it to Bob's public key and signs the
encrypted copy, selling him this 'reviewed' copy for reproduction cost +
profit.  Bob can verify he's received a good copy, but he can't
redistribute Alice's reviewed version without revealing his secret key.
(Yeah, Mallory can create a one-shot key pair with the intention of
revealing it and redistributing Alice's reviewed file.  Alice can reduce
her losses by refusing to deal with unknown buyers, or by demanding
pre-payment for 100 copies up front, or something like that.)

@_date: 2003-05-01 00:09:59
@_author: zem 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
Point is Bob can't redistribute the file with Alice's approval rating
still intact.  And it's the approval rating that people are paying her
for, not the content.  Bob can't redistribute the profitable part, only
the worthless part.

@_date: 2003-05-01 00:50:48
@_author: zem 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
Editor produces output in the form of signatures that indicate approval
of content.  Editor encrypts content to customers' public key before
signing it.  Customer can't redistribute Editor's signature in a form
that's useful to anyone else without also distributing his own secret
key.  Hence, re-distributing Editor's output is at the cost of revealing
one's own secret key (which will have financial consequences if Editor
arranges the deal correctly).
There are probably neater ways of achieving the same result.

@_date: 2003-05-01 02:18:25
@_author: zem 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
Yes, but:
If Alice's editorial approval is valuable, Mallet won't be the only one
emulating her output - he'll be competing with many other emulators. Each of those emulators subscribes to (and pays for) Alice's service.
Alice controls supply - and hence her emulators' reputations.  She can
charge higher rates for better service - faster, or with more coverage.
 She can deliberately degrade the quality or timeliness of a selected
customer's service, if she figures out he's a Mallet - damaging her
reputation in the process, but perhaps hurting his more.  All the little
Mallets have to pay Alice's top rates if they want to match her
reputation.  They can't afford to get their stuff from another Mallet,
if they want to keep up, because then _he_ controls their supply.
The value of Mallet's reputation can approach that of Alice, but - as
long as there's a nanosecond's delay between her output and his - never
quite reach it.  Any of the tricks Mallet can use to increase his
reputation (emulating multiple Editors, for example) are also available
to Alice.  Highly competitive, yes - but the money flows upstream.
You can watch this happening right now, albeit without the crypto and
cash: weblogs.  Substitute 'link to content' for 'signature', and 'link
to weblog' for 'payment', and the process is the same.  Notice how
'payments' aren't evenly distributed?  There's a reason for that.  And
it's not guns.

@_date: 2003-05-01 20:14:40
@_author: zem 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
The reason clients pay Alice or Bob to receive their approval ratings is
to avoid downloading bogus files - incomplete, poorly encoded, misnamed,
or deliberately spoofed files (cf Madonna's "what the fuck?" example).
Bandwidth isn't free.  Time and effort isn't free.  If it's cheaper for
someone to pay Alice the Editor to tell them which files meet a
particular standard, rather than spend their own time and bandwidth
downloading and listening to half a dozen potential copies, then Alice
makes a profit.
People aren't paying Alice for the content - they can get that anywhere.
 They're paying for Alice's opinions.  The reason Alice's opinions are
worth something is that they are backed by Alice's reputation.  That's
why Bob can't merely strip off Alice's signature, resign and
redistribute: the thing he is redistributing is no longer backed by
Alice's reputation, it's backed by Bob's reputation.  It's no longer
Alice's opinion, it's Bob's.
Process is the same for other domains, not just mp3 sharing.  Think
anti-spam services, search engines.  People aren't paying to receive
more content - they're paying to receive _less_.  There's a good reason why Google is able to resell its opinions to other
search engines, even though those opinions are effectively freely
available from other sources.
