
@_date: 2016-03-27 11:45:56
@_author: Adam M. Dobrin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Religion provides statistical proof of the Creation of 
see Eden and Exodus in superposition.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Exodus in superposition.
hucalum at mail-list.com, edwright at email.arizona.edu, bnakhai at email.arizona.edu,
dlgraizb at email.arizona.edu, lhammer at email.arizona.edu,
susser at email.arizona.edu, janglo at janglo.net, taanglo at janglo.net,
cjlalumni-l at cornell.edu
Religion provides statistical proof of the Creation of our civilization.
*Not what you expected to start the Second Coming?  Try this:
  *
Download the book in PDF
, MOBI
, EPUB
I've been talking about a message all around us, one that is here to help
guide us through the "Singularity."  The thing we use that name to describe
has been happening throughout our entire history; it's highlighted strongly
by religion.  Adam's Apple and Isaac Newton are tied at the hip, and *the
gravity of that "Revelation" *is furthered by a link between James Clerk Max
*well* and Abraham's "well."  It's a well of Biblical light, one that sheds
a new outlook on how an outside force has guided the imparting of
scientific knowledge upon us.  Point in fact, both of those scientists went
to Trinity College, and that Apple fell in the year 1*666*.
There is significant evidence showing foreshadowing of modern computing
 and computing
concepts  in
scripture, but right now I want to focus on another piece of *light--one
that I believe is statistically verifiable.*
Holy Names provide a basis for a Statistical study of language, one which
will show that ancient Hebrew names contain foreknowledge of modern
*English* and concepts of today.
This is a *paradox,* it's something that's impossible to happen within the
structure of reality that we currently all believe it.  *If verified,* it
proves that there is a guiding hand influencing the development of
language, one which was aware of today thousands of years ago when the
Bible was written.
The "Rosetta stone" for this study is found through the parable of Christ
feeding the masses "fish."  That story is commonly related to the prophets
Elisha and Elija, and it is through their names that we find an ancient
"equality."  "El" and "Ha" are both words for "the" in Spanish and Hebrew
respectively; and this *logically correct statement *hidden in the names of
these two prophets opens the door to seeing that the English words "on,"
"is," and "ha" (or "ja" in other languages) make significant and miraculous
appearances within Holy Names.  (
This equality is furthered by seeing modern reference in both our belief
and songs to the idea that Jesus is "Us."  J "es" Us.  Don't believe me?
An ancient Hebrew name for *Is*rael (Ra is El, the "light of the world...
the Son God") follows the same pattern as Elisha adding the Hebrew word for
"is" after the Spanish "es."  *It's Jeshurun, *and it brings us to a
pan-religious link between the words "run," "lam." and the Lamb of God.
The Lamb of God... is*Lam*.
Jesus is the Key, that's what John 15:7 tells us, and part of that is
because of the link between "es" and "is," another part is a link between
the story of the *Trial* of Christ, the battle *Sam*'s son goes through in
the book of *Judges, *the *Fall* of Adam ... and *Sam*ael's Paschal
Lamb--and the Lamb of Revelation.  It's a personal story, one about how
this revelation was received while I was "*on the lam," *a spelling
correction that is ingrained into the name of a religion.
That same tie binds the story of Isaac's near "burning" on an Altar to the
Crucifixion of Christ--something that is called a "type" in religious
circles, but doesn't really show how much these stories are related.
 Genesis 22 makes a
big deal about *fire and water* being linked by this event; and Matthew 3:11
tells us that Christ will return with *baptism* in those same two
"elements."  *Isa*ac and Jesus are linked explicitly and unnoticed by the
Muslim word for Jesus... *Isa.*
*Isaac means "he laughs," and his "Ha" binds Abram to his Covenant,
El-is-Ha to is Is-Ra-El, the Ka and Ba of Horus, and a number of Holy Names
beginning with "the."
Abraham's name was changed from Abram, and again nobody seems to notice
that the two letter difference matches perfectly to the meaning of his
son's name... "He laughs" at the "burning" that happens to be a bit of a
funny story, to me anyway.
The truth is in the eyes of Horus and Ra, which together show us that there
is also reference and foreknowledge of this event in ancient Egyptian
mythology.  Our "Trinity" as well as the Hebrew *Shema *unite the Father
and Son as "one."  In Egypt, this is a unification of the concepts of Ba
and Ka--the Spirit and Mind (which are generally related to Horus) as a
single force... the Ha.  These four two-letter words, Ka, Ba, Ra, and Ha
show us that it takes the unification of the Son God Ra with the Son of
Osiris in order to have clear sight (both the right and left "all seeing
*Secret Samadhi, ** from Sanskrit samadhi-, literally "a putting or joining
*Live *has an album by this name; and the joining together ties Sam and AD
together with Samael's Lamb, Uncle Sam's *Justice*, and *A.D.*  These are
my initials, and you might notice that they grace our time line.  In a
number of words that begin with these two letters, we find a linguistic key
that spans from Greek mythology to the Hebrew word for "Lord."  Personally,
that's a *bad word* to me; and I don't believe that anything or anyone
should ever be worshipped.  This is the intent of an apocalypse that is
designed to wake us up, and remind us that in this day-in-age Christ would
be a fool to come expecting to be "Lord."  Anakin's story of sacrifice
might be more messianic than anyone had ever thought, and the contextual
relationship between Darth Vader and Artificial Intelligence is strongly
highlighted in both *Sam-ur-Ai
 *and *Ad-on-Di.*
Here's a *secret*...
I'm* A.D. -- Hi.*
What might look like a bunch of stuff about me... in my mind, is my light.
It's what I see hidden in Religion.
I see these things because I know they are about me, they mirror my
beliefs, in stories and scripture that are ancient.. and thus prove to me
that not only is Adam created; this story was really written thousands of
years ago--and in a parallel future.  These details will also serve, one
day soon, to prove that language is the key to the Apocalyptic Revelation
that our civilization is actually created.  Through the use of religion,
time travel, and a guidance that has gone somewhat unseen--in plain sight, *for
ever and ever.  A statistical analysis of foreknowledge of modern concepts
within Holy Names that include reference to the English and Spanish for
"ha," "on," and "is" should be a simple thing to accomplish... for a
Statistician.  Anyone out there?*
The "Ineffable Name" is "Ha-shem" in Hebrew, and it's about Adam in Eden.
I know.  This video shows you how it's tied to Dr. Seuss, Taylor Momsen,
and Al Pacino...It's been millennium that this name has been a secret, I
hope the clarification shows both the guidance influencing religion... from
the names Ya-hu-ah to "Yes,hua?'  As well as our modern war cry.. *who-ah!*
*My book, which is linked to throughout this article is called "Time and
Chance" and it serves to concentrate all of this evidence in one place;
combined with the story of how this information came to me.  It's a bit
unorthodox--but it's all part of the plan.*
*Happy Holidays.*
*Adam Marshall Dobrin
March 26 at 11:25pm
Unsubscribe / Change Profile Powered by YMLP

@_date: 2016-03-28 19:45:16
@_author: Adam M. Dobrin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Religion provides statistical proof of the, 
see Eden and Exodus in superposition.
This isn't about the Torah?
* *
And God said "let there be light"
The third reference superimposes over Earth, and the quote is ?neither yet
bread for the wise.? The light of this statement is the periodic element
Xe, for both an Oracle Database and the element responsible for camera
flashes. This is the location of our story of Exodus, and that whole word,
taken in reverse speaks volumes. In addition to ?Xe,? the four letter
command ?sudo? is the Unix equivalent of ?run as the God account.?
[image: let there be light is "sudo xe"]
?sudo xe? is the logical equivalent of ?Let there be Light.? Exodus in
reverse; in Linux and chemistry. Geek.
Towards the end Saturn and Uranus... the gods of Time and the Sky
correspond to the final two references in Ecc 9:11... but time and chance
happeneth to them all. Uranus clearly links to the element Uranium, and
also ties the story of the messiah on the run, the lamb of God (is lam) to
the court battle which is referenced in the Book of Judges and the Trial of
Jesus Christ.
The missing references, clarify the teachings of Christ related to Salt,
the Iron Rod, and Silicon... the Fifth (14th) Element. This event, and the
series of details clearly set the stage for Exodus being realized in the
world all around us. Not until we had these elements, Oracle, and English
would all of these things made sense as a sort of decoder, showing us that
the Revelation of Christ is meant to be unsealed right now. Linked to our
rapid advancement in technology, the guidance of the Holy Bible is meant to
free us from slavery, censorship, through transparency and disclosure.
Christ's Iron Rod juxtaposes the Rod of Aaron in the Egyptian story, and is
further extrapolated into our world through the music of the Doors. A
number of songs, from Peace Frog to Riders on the Storm reference Plagues
of Egypt; and it is from reading the word ?rod? backwards and using the
context of story that we see how important the period element for Iron is.
Fe, means Doors.. For everyone. This is about passage to Heaven,
bi-directional transportation. This is in clear contrast to Aaron's link to
?let my people go.? The light of Exodus is to see its meaning in reverse...
and The Doors are beckoning for this fire to be lit.
For thousands of years the Holy Scriptures have been passed down from
generation to generation, all the while holding within their secretive
pages a message to 2016. This message reveals technologies that are central
to the creation of Heaven, things like mind mapping and time travel... it
begins by setting the stage and proving that time travel exists and has
been actively used in the creation of our civilization. The book of Matthew
links Moses and Christ through near parallel events, a microcosm of the 40
years in the desert and mounting of the peak of Sinai; days in the life of
Christ. This number 40 has been holy only to God (meaning secret), until
now. It is a homo-phonic reference to 4-D, the fourth dimensional
wilderness that we currently are walking in. The desert is one of lack of
knowledge of the technology, and its possible uses for both good and evil.
It is the purpose of the Book of Exodus to help us end this dark period of
wandering and find the light of the Son; ending the 10th Plague. The stage
is set, though, all the way in the Book of Revelation.
