
@_date: 2005-02-02 19:36:10
@_author: admin 
@_subject: questions of morality 
Good point Aaron, I like the subject line 'questions of morality'
I have seen a couple of responses so far (E. Nolan & P. Forgey) and,
yes, they are right. Yes, freedom of speech and ideas should always
win out in any choice, and, yes, every tool since time immemorial can
be use for good or evil. The question is the cost. At what cost do
we do things. Is the cost of abuse worth the effort of anonymity?
A moral question like all others, a question of choice and personal
I have been a publisher (old media) in a developing country, as was
my father, and I have seen first hand the oppression that comes from
*tracking down* the opposing view. I have also seen it in the US where
I live now and Europe where I grew up. I know it personally. If one
has to make a choice, choose to cooperate with anything that guaranties
the freedom of the individual. Minimize the moral cost as much as you
can but, at the end of the day, take the risk on freedom. Just as we
should assume innocence over guilt, if we have a choice.
Go for it, and help. Many good people do and help the authors refine
the system, including better ways to avoid abuse if we can.
Regards, -Manuel

@_date: 2005-02-04 10:56:11
@_author: admin 
@_subject: Tor service monitoring util available? 
Having run a tor server for a short while, I find myself in
want of a simple monitoring/stats utility that would show me
the status of the service at my local node. Ideally it would:
- Monitor the service and report problems via email a/o beeper
- Give local statistics: Connections, bandwidth, exit requests,
- Total bandwidth, cpu, memory usage versus other local usage.
- Bandwidth and latency for nodes entering a/o exiting through
- Have a web access so all monitoring and control can be used
I am sure there must be other relevant stats. As tor, at the end
of the day, behaves as a virtual net maybe it would be possible
to add snmp service to it so traditional (and available) net
monitoring tools could be used. Does such a thing exist?

@_date: 2005-02-04 20:53:04
@_author: admin 
@_subject: Tor service monitoring util available? 
Right you are, they CAN be done. But, having done such a thing
before myself, it surprises they are not part of the TOR package.
Splicing, bit by bit, the different routines/scripts/etc can be
a pain for such things as tunneling software. Tor is a net of
its own, the nodes are just routers. The problem is the monitoring
tools we have behave at a different layer. Like trying to track
web stats with a packet counter. I believe that this should be part
of the Tor effort. I shudder when I say things like this on an
open-source-related forum, I see someone saying "so,... write them
yourself!" Sorry, no skill, no time; mind rusting on all edges.
Just experience talking.
So, is there such a thing??? Hey, TOR folk! You must have some
gamma, beta, utils out there to see how your brainchild is doing.
Something better than a birds eye, macro, view. If nothing else,
for curiosity's sake.

@_date: 2005-02-04 21:00:47
@_author: admin 
@_subject: Solution to bandwidth prob... 
So bandwidth hogging is really becoming a problem? The bandwidth
parameters do help, as does hibernation. But, many are willing to
give ALL the available bandwidth as long as it is not needed by
the local users. So why not do a iptables QOS example part of the
package. If we know the receiving (proxy) port and the process
owning the outgoing packets, this can be done. This would encourage
all to donate all available bandwidth to the tor net. Maybe it
should be re-baptized as a tor at home and join the seti crowd.
Can anyone share such a setup w me? Regards, -Manuel

@_date: 2005-01-01 22:19:10
@_author: admin 
@_subject: Proper settings for 'Bandwidth' parameters 
How should one "tune" a tor node using the Bandwidth settings?
What do BandwidthRate and BandwidthBurst stand for? (Exactly)
As an example: A cable connection has a 256 Kbps up-rate and a
3 Mbps down-rate. This obviously limits the in/out-rate of an
or tunnel to 256 bps. In order not to saturate the up rate of
the local users how should the parameters be set? (note the
dif between the b(its)ps rates and the B(ytes)ps rates used in
I know the tor system itself does some sort of load balancing
but it would be good to know what these things mean not to
set them up to an overly restrictive setting.

@_date: 2005-05-25 14:44:46
@_author: admin 
@_subject: FW: I still do not understand... 
I am re-sending this to the mailing list as it apears that the
original mailing did not make it, -Manuel
Why respect,
Why do exit nodes have to be published? Why does the address of *any*
node have to be published. Is this an inherent property of the design,
or just an implementation shortcoming? Why can not the node resolution
be done dynamically as one joins the net. I can easily the possibility
of starting a connection, having the local tor consult a central server
(call a root node, just as DNS) and then go from there.
I get the impression of this being a 'political' decision to avoid being
accused of aiding or abetting abusive behavior. If I am wrong then I
would love to be corrected, but if it is so then I think the designers
should get over it. The current implementation is too easy to censor.
What is the use of an anonymity enabling service if it gets blocked?
Either you believe in anonimity and free speech with _all_ it's
consecuences or you do not. If you do not, then fine; a lot of good
people feel the same way and think there are "limits". I, personally,
do not and would encourage the tor developers and the EFF to take this
view or at least be neutral and let each node decide.
At least leave it up to the local node. Make an unpublished / unlisted
option just as in pots, and not for testing purposes.
What am I missing? Regards, - Manuel

@_date: 2005-05-25 15:02:13
@_author: admin 
@_subject: Bandwidth hogging 
After some examination I find the tor daemon hogging the bandwidth to
the detriment of local users, including semi-real-time uses as VoIP
connections. While there is no surprise here it is clearly not the
intended use or desirable. The solution of lowering the bandwidth usage
by specifying the proper parameters in the config file is available;
it obviously is not ideal. It does a brute force reduction and as
such doe not make all _unused_ bandwidth available to the tor network.
A better solution would be the introduction of a QoS provision to tor
itself. While this can not be done in tor by itself it is my feeling
that a complimentary set of program/scripts should be part of a tor
server installation that, in the end, provides for a lower priority
processing of tor network request vs. other ones. This can be done
with the appropriate marking of the tor packages and the appropriate
iptables (in Linux) filter. I asked for a possible script for this
and got a possible example from Martin Balvers. It turns out that the
problem is a little more serious as it involves setting up the correct
queues in the kernel (tc el al). All a bit above my skill and pay grade.
I would suggest that the tor experiment is expected to fail or suffer
in its future implementations if these are not provided as part of
a standard installation. Any solutions? Regards, _manuel

@_date: 2005-05-25 15:15:14
@_author: admin 
@_subject: FW: I still do not understand... 
Paul, Thanks for the quick comments. On the second point: yes, they
are different things but related to the point of one being a necessary
condition for the other. No communication (censorship) obviates the
possibility of anonymity. I am sure you obviously agree and that your
comment is directed towards what should (or, in fact, is) the scope
of the project. I understand that all problems can not be solved at
once or with one solution. I just feel that more effort should be done
not to enable the easy possibility (as blach hole lists) to disable
the project.
As far as the first point: I assumed that we were all running on the
same Matrix, I am just looking for the red pill. Cheers, -Manuel

@_date: 2005-05-26 07:40:42
@_author: admin 
@_subject: Bandwidth hogging 
No, it not too hard, I just have other interests and demands on my
attention. It could even be done the silly way by polling the
net load from user space. My point is that it is a ceiling I
am bopping on, as will all. Regardless of how tor is run there is
still one bill for the connection to the internet. The whole
 experience is a good place to learn on how to run these
voluntary projects, they have to be painless. So what if it is not
fully "portable"? Nothing is, and I do understand it has to be
locally customized but that at least would be a smaller job. Anyhow,
just meant it as feedback from a node and I think the point is made.
Regards, -manuel

@_date: 2005-05-17 20:00:49
@_author: admin 
@_subject: Tor 0.1.0.7-rc is out 
Not for the RPM for Fedora (FC3)....
warning: tor-0.1.0.7.rc-tor.0.fc1.i386.rpm: V3 DSA signature: NOKEY, key ID
error: %pre(tor-0.1.0.7.rc-tor.0.fc1.i386) scriptlet failed, exit status 2
error:   install: %pre scriptlet failed (2), skipping

@_date: 2005-05-17 20:17:08
@_author: admin 
@_subject: QoS & Tor example? 
Anyone using a setup that uses the QoS features of
IPTables to gurantee internal connections get the
needed service (vs the tor connections)? This would
allow to give the tor connections the max bandwidth
w/o the fear of starving the local net.
I am looking for an example and to mooch the setup
(if I can). Regards, -Manuel
