
@_date: 2014-12-24 00:23:56
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Possible upcoming attempts to disable the Tor network 
Hello, First I'd like you to know that I'm not deeply familiar with the internals of Tor infrastructure. However I'm reasonably confident to have grasped one fundamental aspect of this issue, being that Tor routing depends first and foremost on 10 servers. Because decentralizing this system will imply a major infrastructure evolution, I think that the priority for now is to find a quicker and temporary workaround. TL;DR: Straight facts are between the lines. Whatever be their ground, these threats seriously expose what could be a single point of failure for any capable adversary.
This attack would in my opinion inflict devastating damage to the Tor network, mainly because of a complete reversal of the psychological balance between Tor promoters and adversaries. (*) So 10 servers would need to be seized or compromised to launch this attack. For a legal seizure, the different jurisdictions to which those servers belong need to be studied at least a little, to determine how easy/hard it would be for a politically influent state to obtain cooperation from each and every local police force. As for an illegal compromise, the challenges are very different and a lot has to be thought about. In a few words, here's what I thought could be a somewhat quick to deploy temporary defense plan. As the 10 DirAuths servers are hard coded, why not make use of that existing feature? I mean : Hard code several additional backup servers.
Those cannot directly be DirAuths servers themselves, because obviously the same problem would arise. These would be Gateway servers. The key is that they will be programmed to redirect users towards the backup DirAuths servers only once the backup plan has been activated. Before this happens, no one should possibly be able to learn the locations of the backup DirAuths from these public Gateways. To achieve this, the code that will manage the transition to the backup DirAuths will be encrypted. The backup plan will include the delivery of the needed cipher keys to these Gateways enabling them to now happily redirect users to fully functional DirAuths (whose location was not (supposed to be) known until that time). Legal actions to seize servers in different jurisdictions requires lots of preparatory work, meaning lots of time. It then appear possible to use this aspect to our advantage. A careful and knowledgeable examination of the different state jurisdictions concerning warrant authorization, or eventually known habits to bypass them, etc... could build a great basis on which to implement our beloved security-in-depth principle applied to the juridical world. It's all about multiplying the barriers... I think this strategy could build a powerful defense against an attempt to instantly knock down of the whole network using this discussed mean of attack. However, the major difficulty my suggestion would struggle against is that the complete deployment of these backup servers, especially the DirAuths ones, must be conducted with great stealth. It will take the most cleverly skilled hackers devoted to the Tor Project to adress this issue, issue that I once again consider to be a major one. Although laying this idea on the table could hopefully light up considerable improvement ideas to help any backup deployment to operate safely. Moreover, what are your thoughts on this short-term contingency plan? Respectfully, Alexis Wattel
* I'll elaborate on why I think that this attack could have serious adverse impacts on the Tor network if anyone whishes to discuss it. P.S.: This being my first contribution to a mailing list, I hope I got the citation formatting right! ;)

@_date: 2014-12-26 05:48:31
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] All I Want For X-mas: TorPhone 
The Black phone is a joke. It is a (very well run, no doubt) marketing job that targets executives who only seek something that looks expensive, exclusive and that on top of that they can brag about it being NSA-proof. And the Jolla phone can go fund himself. It's supposed to be the "people's phone".  Users then vote to suggest software features. And now for the split screen, they 'ask' for 750,000$ more ! Sounds more like a robbery or a scam? But as long as their promo clip has bokeh, Rainbow people and repeat the keywords, "open", "secure", "nianiania...", people will fall for it. Us, on another hand... The only platform that we will accept is of course a true open-source OS. - A stripped down Android : until now honestly, everyone that tried that failed. If you don't comply with their Handset Alliance terms, Google will deny access to their Play Services, whose API is essential for lots of apps because much easier for developers. The only solution would be to create a new whole ecosystem that defines a smartphone experience. Amazon and Samsung failed at that.
But there's huge difference : they all aimed at mass markets. So luckily (or sadly), we are not. We will accept to put security as the priority, if the cost is to lose much of the multimedia experience and such, then so be it. So now that we lose the Android apps ecosystem, we have also :
- Ubuntu OS and variants. THIS is very promising. I guess limiting the privacy issue on a phone will be much easier when the OS is first thought by a Linux major actor.
But they still miss the hardware partnerships that would give this OS at least a chance to take off. And then would the closed-firmware of every of our phone chips pose as a threat ? The Replicant project looks laborious. Lots, lots, lots of challenges for 2015! But this idea is so sound, it has to be done.

@_date: 2015-04-03 22:13:35
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hi! 
Sure! Glad to help!
What are your intentions, exactly ? I had a friend coming at me with similar questions. Are you a student of Charles Ortezza's class in Austin University? Malicious uses of Tor include child raping through the use of an anonymising onion condom. Drugs can be torrified too. You could even be found to have ingested some listed molecule without even knowing it, with the process known as obfuscated smoking proxy. Drugs fiend use the bodies of innocent citizens to smuggle drugs down their blood stream. I think this should be enough to get you started on a wonderful piece of journalism work or a preliminary draft to motivate some kind of regulation. If you want further explanations, please, don't hesitate to ask! Yours faithfully,

@_date: 2015-01-30 12:19:16
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor -> VPN  Clarification 
Hi, Here are a couple of typical use scenarios for both setups. PC => Tor => VPN => Internet :
Gives the traditional advantages of a VPN to a Tor routed connection. Meaning that the connection from Tor Exit Node to outside is encrypted so it adds confidentiality to anonymity. Also, this configuration allows you to obfuscate the fact that you use Tor for the server you are connecting to, e.g. You can appear to be in a country of your choice. But then, the Tor provided anonymity is now at stakes with how close this VPN connection is associated to you. A great benefit of Tor (change circuit every 10mn) is being ripped out of the equation, because every connection can now be associated to possibly a single VPN server. This alone greatly depletes your anonymous status, because activities-correlating (I don't remember how this type of matching is usually called) makes you stand out from the rest of thousands of Tor user. But moreover, this already threatening amount of info was obtained solely from the best-case hypothesis where the absolute minimum share of info has leaked from the singled-out VPN server. Any additional information that the VPN server has about you will add up to the pile, even if it's not - yet - personally identifying. Any payment leaves a trail, be it only a bitcoin adress, but also every bit of info leaked by each single device which has used this VPN account, (browser metadata for example is a big one, timezone and even (accidental or malicious) clock (a)synchronisation, language packed installed, etc, ...) It really comes as a trade-off between anonymity and confidentiality. VPN => Tor :
Obfuscate your use of Tor to your ISP or anyone able to monitor your host's Internet traffic. Can prove very useful, let's say if you're connecting through a foreign hotel's Internet, a VPN draws much less attention than Tor because it is very common for workers to connect to their employees network this way. Then it all depends on 1) how much your VPN connection look like a regular business one and 2) how far your adversary will go in investigating the "issue". Deep packet inspection for example can look like the absolute spy master tech but most of the technologies devices that are actually being sold and used just stop at protocol matching. "if it quacks like a duck...". So mostly beware of the IP-associated location of your VPN server. This is a very interesting topic to focus on. The attempt at combining other technologies to supplement Tor's inherent weaknesses is an exciting subject as much as a tricky one. It is crucial to be aware of the many aspects of how and why does Tor actually provide anonymity so as not to break any vital part of the process. Le 30 janvier 2015 11:05:46 CET, Squeak  a ?crit :

@_date: 2015-01-30 15:45:09
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor -> VPN Clarification 
To use Tor => VPN, you can use the Socks proxy option in your tunnel software I believe. To grasp the subtle difference, I imagine that every application that need to speak to a remote server asks itself the question "Where iz Internet?'. With the proxy, you signify to the application that Internet is "located" at the Tor daemon. Any request that the program sends to the the wild will be thus sent to by the daemon to be translated as a connection to a Tor Entry Node (instead of directly aiming at the server). The VPN connection will therefore be made through Tor. (*) Without a proxy, the application use the default gateway, e.g. your home router, to forward the requests. It establishes therefore a direct connection to the VPN. This set up puts you virtually on the VPN's local network, thus your OS's Internet gateway is now the same than the VPN's one. Then, another app, Tor browser, need to send a request. It is instructed per the socks option that Internet is at the Tor daemon. Tor then wants to send a request to an Entry node, look for where is the Internet, the OS tells that it is accessible through the VPN. So the connection is VPN => Tor. I hope these explanations are as clear as I intended ;) * : At least this is the way regular applications work, one would need to verify that it is the same for a VPN software which is particular in that I creates a new network. I guess that if it has this option, it actually does the routing in the way I mentioned, but at the same time I wonder how the host computer can cope with needing a proxy to reach local network... But perhaps it magically works, dunno ! Le 30 janvier 2015 13:27:27 CET, Squeak  a ?crit :

@_date: 2015-06-02 07:40:28
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Invaded by disconnect.me 
Well, when one cares about privacy, using Google's service at all prices is kind of a cheat on the principle. Why bother getting results from an untrusted company, while another made the choice not to spy its users ? And of course, I wouldn't recommend Duckduckgo if searches weren't as good as Google's. But it is at least equally good on my opinion. I use it pretty much all the time since many months, and have never regretted Google, except for Maps searches, that's the only feature I see missing. But you get also great exclusive features like fetching answers directly from Stack Overflow, Wikipedia,... and !bang searches are useful. If this list is not the place to welcome Duckduckgo's praise, I don't know what will. Either you take real action to truly live a little further away from Google, or either you go for the band-aid method. Startpage and Cie are substitution drugs whereas Duckduckgo is a genuine alternative. Le 2 juin 2015 04:06:47 CEST, Mirimir  a ?crit :

@_date: 2015-03-05 00:16:07
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Tor project idea for internet comments 
Ah ok, now I get it! I found your idea quite interesting but couldn't figure out why you insisted on reimplementing the Tor software. Indeed, what I would have suggested was to develop only a browser plug-in that would fetch content from a Hidden Service indexed by the URL of the page. (n.b. It would then be wise to send a hash of the URL to prevent information leakage through volume analysis and improve further on privacy server-side). Now, as for decentralizing... It is much more both complex and hard to accomplish. Complex because of the bolder programming task. And hard because you will imperatively need many users to make it even just work. Bitcoin is successful on this point because it offers in exchange many interesting features to users. Same for BitTorrent. I don't think a parallel commenting system will appeal enough to users for them to spend effort in running the infrastructure. One big reason is that there is no content yet. And I also think that the Tor community is too diverse to rapidly create enough content to make it interesting. (comments will initially be scattered around diverse websites.) But don't get me wrong, I think that this is a great idea. But even such, it's not appealing enough in my opinion to make it work in the way you envision. I would strongly recommend instead to start with a much simpler clients-server architecture :
- Effortless for the users. This is crucial because the more people participate, the more appealing it will get. - Developing will be much faster. Easier to find people with the corresponding skills.  - Then, nothing prevent to switch to a decentralized approach once there is a sufficient user base. Also, a centralized systems is not necessarily bad. Think about Wikipedia, their servers are centralized and yet the content's creation is completely decentralized. Finally and much importantly, the security features you want to get from a decentralized system, maybe you'd like to know that they are somewhat workable with a classical clients server approach. Anti-censorship, as an example, cannot be enforced as strongly but nevertheless, by implementing several layers of security it can do pretty damn well :
- a Hidden Server is considerably harder to shutdown. If carefully thought through, it can even be seriously tricky to compromise. - Redundancy of both data and servers can then vastly increase the chances for the system to survive the eventual lost of the initial server. - A couple of crypto tricks can make the comments tamper resistant. Definitely, I think that this classical approach is much more workable and suited to your project. If you deem this suggestion to be acceptable, I will be enthiousastic to bring my share of thinking about any subsequent issues. One of which would be how to properly design the plug-in so as not to screw up the standardized browser signature, an issue on which the Tor browser devs spent so much time to work on. - aw P.S. I was browsing (clear Web) some Wikileaks cables the other day and was astonished to find out that they used Disqus as a comments system provider... Had I not had No Script to block it, they would have received the identifier of every single cable I looked at. Furthermore, the tracking disqus cookie + cable ID were to be sent in clear HTTP... So now Disqus + everyone else know what I read... Unbelievable to find this on Wikileaks website... Comments are a big part of the Web and I entirely agree, we need to secure it. Create a parallel system to host free opinions from the Tor community is definitely a wonderful and promising project ;)

@_date: 2015-03-11 16:12:53
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Protest Blocking Tor via CloudFlare 
What about only serving the captcha if there is a DoS attack actually being performed against the protected site? I wonder if this has already been tested. The granularity would then be a lot better, because targeted at specific hosts, and for an ephemeral time period. All other sites/time would be directly accessible. Very useful suggestion as it is dead simple to implement. Also, how can be implemented the feature to only fill the captcha once per browsing session/tab ? Cookies are a sensible subject I suppose.

@_date: 2015-05-23 15:47:59
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Firefox with Tor on Android? 
I think that Ben Barber meant Android as a whole cannot be anonymised, at least in a plug-and-play fashion. His citing of backdoors potentiality was to show an example, which is only one of the many iterations of the wide problem. The other part is that Android is also desperately leaky. Having read this discussion I tried to VPN my connections to Tor, and the proof that it worked is that, in less than a minute, I received a text from Google alerting of a suspicious connections to my account, i.e., K9 mail had already tried to fetch my Gmail over Tor. Conclusion: in less than 1 minutes, I am deanonymised to they eyes of Google, which therefore include a handful of other random Advertising corporations, Intelligence Agencies, not only the ones partnering with Google but also the ones stealing their data, from wherever they can. And it's not over. The text message I received (containing my email address) tips a lot of other entities, starting from my phone company, that the connection anyone may have seen to Google from a Tor exit in the last minute has much chances to be me. And on,  and on, and on... And this is just one app. Because of course, I could not use Gmail and all, but the whole ecosystem of mobile apps is based on data harvesting, sniffing and selling. So, all in all, as much as the effort to port an, easily activated, OS-wide Tor protection to Android deserves consideration, it has not the slightest chance of truly working without a lot of thought put in your phone's OS setup, *before* you even turn on for the first time the damn phone. Good luck fellas! Le 23 mai 2015 15:18:27 CEST, Jens Lechtenboerger  a ?crit :

@_date: 2015-09-07 16:31:19
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is TOR still secure? 
Hi, It's not possible to claim what is a 'normal user'. Tor is extremely safe to use if you want to evade passive monitoring from your network admin/ISP/Local authority such as a national government. Id est, it's is safe against people that only get to see your traffic from outside of your computer. Tor alone is not sufficiently safe if people tracking you are :
1. An elite police force, such as the American Federal Bureau. 2. Any people eager to target you personally. (eg: plant malware in your PC)
3. Any other sufficiently funded and technically inclined adversary. As always it all depends on your adversary model. What is the goal you expect Tor to help you achieve ? Le 7 septembre 2015 17:58:14 CEST, Eren Kuyucu  a ?crit :

@_date: 2015-09-28 14:44:40
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd: [guardian-dev] first beta release Orfox! 
The User-Agent and Accept headers gave me a unique fingerprint on  org/. They should be set to the same as the Tor Browser. There's no point in identifying the client as a mobile user if you seek anonymity; and the User-Agent is the one most basic way to track browsers besides IP addresses. The Accept headers are plain and simple leaked from the device. Could easily pass as a honest mistake if this issue had not already been reported 2 years ago about Orweb.

@_date: 2016-02-12 20:06:59
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Different degree of identification -> 
?Hello all,?
On the contrary, I think that this feature could be dangerous.
For some of the ?adversaries Tor has, it would be actually very simple to falsify various types of ID checks. ?
Indeed, secret services, among others, are already very keen on hiding their activities through dozens of fake cover companies and identities.?
To distinguishing the fake from the legitimate ones would ?therefore be very difficult.
Evil Tor operators would thereby gain a false sense of legitimacy which, in the end, helps no one combating them.
Detecting them could require more of a black box? type approach, based only on behavorial facts. Or other metadata that is not so misleadingly forgeable.
Sadly, this is not an easy problem to fix.
? Message d'origine ?
De: Fabio Pietrosanti (naif) - lists
Envoy?: jeudi 28 janvier 2016 10:35?
Actually a Tor relay do have a Contact information, with untrustuctured
data in it where i can type "Hello, i'm mikey mouse, write me to
cybercommand at nsa.gov".
Now, we know that inside the Tor networks the Tor relays may have
different roles and different responsibilities.
I would like to propose the topic of introducing a certain degree of
verification, in order to obtain certain responsibilities:
- Email validation (Email based check)
- Phone number validation (SMS based check)?

@_date: 2016-01-08 23:35:47
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What is "cookie protections"? 
I recommend you try the extension 'Self deleting cookies'.
By default, it accept cookies but deletes them once the tab is closed.
Then you can whitelist specific domains to have their cookies remembered until browser shutdown or forever.
Very elegant solution in my opinion.?
? Message d'origine ?
De: Yury Bulka
Envoy?: vendredi 8 janvier 2016 22:17
?: Tor Talk List
R?pondre ?: tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
Objet: [tor-talk] What is "cookie protections"?
Dear list,
I'm experimenting with moving all my daily web browsing to the Tor
Browser Bundle on Linux. For this use case, I've disabled the "Don't
record browsing history or website data" check box in the Privacy and
Security Settings dialog. (The reason is that I wanted to have the
option to stay logged in on a few key websites.)
There's only one potential danger I see here - cookies. (Of course
there's also the danger of someone stealing my browsing history from my
hard drive, but this is not in my threat model for now.)
This is why I'd like to understand what is the "Cookie protections"
dialog about. It's not clear to me what these "protections" do and how
they are meant to be used. I suspect it may be something like a cookie
white list, allowing one to mark certain cookies as protected and purge
all the other cookies (exactly what I'd need for my use case), but I may
be wrong.
I couldn't find any info on it. Can someone clarify?
P.S. I also have some other questions about tweaks to TBB for the "main
browser" use case, I'll ask them later to keep things clean.

@_date: 2016-05-12 20:05:22
@_author: Alexis Wattel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] ProtonMail 
Excerpts from Jerry Rocteur's message of May 12, 2016 2:47 pm:
If you have your own server, I'd say go for setting up your own mail
server! This way you are sure about who has your mail. Of course, you ought to have some minimal technical capacity to do that.
It mostly depends on what feature you want.
A basic setting will not be hard to install (typically, postfix+dovecot+a couple of
DNS fiddling).
However every feature you want can then be added, such as pretty webby
interface, full-text indexing, or PGP/DKIM signatures, ...
But each feature already has several opensource solutions to choose from!
And shame on me for sending this message from bloody Gmail ! I should really actually do what I tell others to do...
Cheers !
