
@_date: 2015-11-12 20:52:50
@_author: allen@bearbonds.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bear Bonds - a new cryptocurrency that uses Tor 
I'm involved in a project to create a new cryptocurrency called Bear  One of the notable features for the Tor community is that all  communication is via Tor using Tor hidden services.  This includes  communication between users and the network, and all communication  between network nodes.  Tor is used for both privacy and security.  In  particular, since the users are anonymized, it prevents a node on the  network from attempting to send targeting information to a certain  user or group of users.
If Bear Bonds is successful, we of course plan to give extensive  support back to the Tor community.
We have a whitepaper, technical documentation and a technology preview  software release on our website at   The  code is over 80% complete and we are working to finish it as quickly  as possible.
Please feel free read the documentation and try out the wallet  simulation script.  We welcome any comments and questions.
Thank you,

@_date: 2015-11-13 07:52:00
@_author: allen@bearbonds.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bear Bonds - a new cryptocurrency that uses Tor 
A lot of that is explained in the technical documentation.  Briefly,  the directory servers function like torrent trackers.  The network  nodes contact one or more directory servers, register their own onion  address, and request the onion addresses of 6-20 random peers.  The  network nodes then contact random peers via their Tor hidden services  to assemble the mesh network that relays transactions and blocks.  All  communication with the directory servers is also via Tor so the  transaction servers themselves don't have to be trusted--they can  neither compromise a node's privacy, nor target their communications  in an effort to split or fork the network.
The witnesses assemble the blockchain.  That is explained in the  whitepaper and the "Blockchain Assembly" document.  The witnesses'  only role is to timestamp the transactions.  The number of witness is  limited so the blockchain can be assembled in an orderly manner that  achieves higher speed and reliability.  All of the nodes on the  network verify the blockchain, so the witnesses cannot add any  transaction that violates the transaction rules.  And since all  communication is via Tor, the witnesses are also not able to  compromise privacy nor target their communications in an effort to  split or fork the network.
The transaction servers help wallet applications create and submit  transactions.  That is explained in the whitepaper, the "Wallet  Developer's Guide" and the "Transaction API Reference Manual".  Any  network node can act as a transaction server, so you will eventually  be able to run your own (when the network node software is done), or  we plan to provide public transaction servers that anyone can use.   The distinction between a trusted transaction server and an untrusted  transaction server is explained in the whitepaper (page 9).  The trust  in this case is only in regard to privacy.  If the wallet does not  trust the transaction server to maintain privacy, the wallet can take  extra steps to prevent its queries to the transaction server from  being linked to the transaction that the wallet creates and submits to  the network.
We currently do not support any network other than Tor.  Before  introducing a new network, we would have to carefully consider whether  it could potentially compromise privacy and security.
Our website does not have an onion address at the moment, although I'm  sure we'll add one eventually.  The current Bear Bonds test network  has one onion address for a public transaction server--that address  can be found in the wallet simulation script.
