
@_date: 2007-01-18 10:34:58
@_author: A. L. 
@_subject: Privoxy setting blocking Yahoo mail logout 
This configuration of Privoxy:
{+fast-redirects{check-decoded-url} -block}
included in the default actions file of Privoxy shipped in the Tor-Vidalia-Privoxy bundle will block Yahoo mail logout as the logout url is a fast-redirect. Commenting out the rule will eliminate the problem.
Now that's room service! Choose from over 150,000 hotels in 45,000 destinations on Yahoo! Travel to find your fit.

@_date: 2007-01-19 04:45:15
@_author: A. L. 
@_subject: Privoxy setting blocking Yahoo mail logout 
Below is a sample logout URL, where I replaced alphanumeric characters in alpahumeric only character sequences with "A" and numeric characters in numeric only character sequences with "N". For some clarity, I present two versions of sampled URLs, one having the char sequences contracted to "Ax" and "Ny" forms, where x and y are the number of times a (not certain) alphanumeric character and numeric character respectively occur.
The first url string might break the page layout, sorry if it does.
However, the browser should reach the following url:
if nothing interferes, but with the mentioned rule enabled it reaches:
which is actually the last valid url, just what +fast-redirects is designed to get. Of course, privoxy's response is triggered by the ard.yahoo.com part int the logout url.
Indeed, maybe I should've posted at the Privoxy project lists but I thought it concerns all the users of the bundle alike (maybe this setting for other Privoxy uses is useful, but in the particular case of Yahoo mail users it doesn't).
Bored stiff? Loosen up...
Download and play hundreds of games for free on Yahoo! Games.

@_date: 2007-01-19 09:04:46
@_author: A. L. 
@_subject: Privoxy setting blocking Yahoo mail logout 
That's a spot on fix for 3.0.6. The missing parameters seem not to affect normal behaviour.
Also note, and this is Tor related again, that every time
you run into a Privoxy fast-redirect problem it means that
your request was unencrypted and could be sniffed or altered
by the Tor exit node or systems between the exit node and
the destination.
You may want to investigate whether or not Yahoo allows
you to accidentally send your Email unencrypted (like Google does)
and if the session cookies are transferred encrypted.
I assume that means sniffing on my network. I guess I might look into it in the near future, when I get a little more spare time. If you ment something else, please post some hints.
Meantime, thanks for the fix. Me and the other Y! mail users.
Don't pick lemons.
See all the new 2007 cars at Yahoo! Autos.
