
@_date: 2017-04-25 08:07:55
@_author: Andre Mankel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd:  TOR problems - seriously PLEASE HELP ME! 
the final node - as many sites do not support connections from foreign
As Jonathan mentioned in a reply to your post already, you are able to
define a set of allowed exit countries (ie poland only) by following these
instructions on wikihow: name of regular firefox?
The destination server (the website which says "don't support tor
connections") probably doesn't block connections because of the browser you
are using. Since every node in the tor network exposes its "tor-membership"
to the network itself, it will always be possible to determine whether you
are using tor or not. On this specific manner, a VPN connection may help
you out, but please be aware that the provider of this VPN will then be
able to log and maybe intercept your traffic.
use Kaspersky Internet Security 2017 (PC version), during because it
Windows restart, injected its your packages (every couple of seconds it
sends/receives packets on 443 port)
The most internet security solutions intercept ssl traffic to scan the
contents of these connections for any Trojans or viruses. If not
implemented with perfect care, these solutions probably more harm you than
they help securing anything. You find an example of this here:
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Not sure, what you mean here. Perhaps THEY don't support (i.e. block)
connections from Tor users, because they are afraid of spam or other stupid
reasons. Nothing you can really do here. Websites blocking Tor is a huge
There are always three nodes. The amazon node should be your guard relay
(where you enter the Tor network). Then there are two relays after that.
isn't really any way to change that. Three hops should be sufficient for
decent anonymity, no real need to worry here.
Here's a simple guide on how to do that:
47BC 7DE8 3D46 2E8B ED18  AA86 1224 DBD2 99A4 F5F3
tor-talk mailing list - tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
To unsubscribe or change other settings go to

@_date: 2017-04-26 04:38:50
@_author: Andre Mankel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd: TOR problems - seriously PLEASE HELP ME! 
to everyone on the TOR blog (different from the standard forum)? I'm afraid
that something of my actions it is a bad - doing something wrong.? I do not
want to impose your politeness, but could you please explain it to me, or
paste the content in the right place?
I think you are already at the right place here. As this is the general
talk and tech mailing list for tor users, every other user subscribed to
this list is already able to read your messages and reply if applicable.
Please just leave the messages subject intact when replying to messages so
the system can merge messages with the same subject or topic to a thread.
There were some plans to improve the handling of requests for help like
yours but I have absolutely no idea how far they have been implemented yet.
dangerous when the end-country is my own) in two TOR settings to >4 or at
least 3 ?
As far as I know there is no such option, but this isn't necessary however.
The Tor protocols design already assures that no of these three nodes is
able to determine your identity completely. Please have a look at the
following two sites below (1+2). The give you a deeper understanding how
these nodes communicate with each other and why a fourth hop wouldn't
provide that much more security or anonymity.
(speeds IPv6 250/50Mbps be enough?) Maybe someone will help >me to run this
on free Linux (stable and maintenance-free working).
That would be absolutely great, there are already a plenty of guides and
how-tos available on the internet showing you how to setup a tor relay
depending on your choice of operating systems. You can find some for debian
"signature" node. Is there a way to change settings in the settings so
No problem, you're welcome. When someone provides a tor node, the network
needs to know whether this is a working tor node or not to send traffic
from other users connections to it. Therefore its always possible to lookup
a "list" of computers which are providing a relay for other tor users.
These lists are automatically generated and publicly available. Some
website operators filter requests coming from these nodes mostly for
unreasonable reasons. Obviously they distrust users of Tor or have been
facing a high level of misuse coming from Tor nodes in the past. Again, as
far as I know there's nothing you can do about it.
LAB and whether (eg. Kaspersky Internet Security 2017 PC >version) it not
threatens to expose IP (un hidden) when using TOR worked at Windows
I don't think so. Also, this is not the exact area Tor works on. While
Kaspersky software tries to secure a single computer / endpoint from
viruses and trojans, Tor is a network providing anonymity to its users.
This is a little bit like you would compare apples and oranges ;)
protection and then shut down KIS? I give up the protection of files and
telemetry and other spy sites (using svchost and raw RAW to retrieve
Incognito" , 3) "Blocking banners". The question is worth it?
I'm not fully aware what you exactly mean. I think for every approach you
listed, there are better solutions than Kaspersky but this is only my
humble opinion. Due to the fact that the Tor Browser Bundle includes
NoScript, a huge amount of scripts who may load banners or other ads is
already deactivated (and becomes active only if you manually enable them).
Also, the Tor Browser is in the 'Incognito' or 'Private-Browsing' mode
permanently. If you are able to evaluate which types of links / websites /
scripts and files you download may be a danger to your computer, you don't
need a AV solution like Kaspersky necessarily.
Best regards,
(1) What protections does Tor provide?
(2) The solution: Distributed, anonymous network
(3) Tor Project: Debian / Ubuntu instructions
