
@_date: 2007-08-05 08:01:50
@_author: Anas Matar 
@_subject: Torbutton 1.1.6-alpha 
PLEASE UNSUBSCRIBE ME
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Mike Perry
Sent: Tuesday, July 31, 2007 4:21 AM
  30 Jul 2007
  * bugfix: Fix an exception that may have messed up cookie/cache clearing
    if you allowed Tor to write history URLs (possibly kills bug   * bugfix: Use only sub-browsers for tagging. Could fix some Date
    hooking misses (possibly kills bug   * misc: Clean up annoying false positives with date hooking checks
I've been running this version for a week or so now, and I have not
seen any alerts about missing Javascript hooking. It is possible the
bug has been fixed by those other fixes, plus I cut down on the false
positives for those alerts.
As always, please keep an eye on Torbutton to make sure it is actually
properly blocking plugins, always properly clearing/isolating
cookies+cache, disabling javascript for pages loaded in an opposite
Tor state, and blocking CSS popups for the same.

@_date: 2007-08-05 09:07:52
@_author: Anas Matar 
@_subject: Unsubscribe 
Unsubscribe me please
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of force44 at Safe-mail.net
Sent: Thursday, July 12, 2007 7:53 AM
First, thank you for this SUPERB extension :))
I have an idea of feature that could be interesting, but don't know
if you would agree to implement it, and moreover I think it is a lot
of job: It would be to force some of the bookmarks to use TOR,
whatever the TorButton status is.
For example, there would be one more function in the right click
menu, "Bookmark this link WITH TOR". Then, the link will always use
TOR, even if Tor is turned OFF with Torbutton.
What do you think? :)
Disclaimer: This E-mail and any attachments hereto are intended solely for the addressee and it may contain confidential material.  If you are
not the intended addressee or receive this in error, please delete the message and notify the sender. You must not disclose, forward or copy
this E-mail or attachments to any third party. Statements, opinions or comments expressed in this E-mail are those of the sender and do not
necessarily represent those of Arabian Advanced Systems "AAS". AAS accepts no liability for any damage caused by this E-mail or its attachments

@_date: 2007-06-24 09:25:51
@_author: Anas Matar 
@_subject: (no subject) 
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of KT
Sent: Saturday, June 23, 2007 7:51 PM
email majordomo at seul.org , with the line "unsubscribe or-talk" in the mail
Disclaimer: This E-mail and any attachments hereto are intended solely for the addressee and it may contain confidential material.  If you are
not the intended addressee or receive this in error, please delete the message and notify the sender. You must not disclose, forward or copy
this E-mail or attachments to any third party. Statements, opinions or comments expressed in this E-mail are those of the sender and do not
necessarily represent those of Arabian Advanced Systems "AAS". AAS accepts no liability for any damage caused by this E-mail or its attachments
