
@_date: 2009-04-28 09:59:05
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: 25 tbreg relays in directory 
:      That brings up something that has bothered me for a long time.  When
: tor discovers that its version doesn't match any in either client-versions
: or server-versions, it currently writes complaints about it to the log(s),
: but seems to do nothing further about it.  I'd like to see either of the
: following.
Recently, we're started emailing the node operators (at least those with
valid contact info) suggesting they upgrade to at least 0.2.0.34-stable.
This method seems to have a better success ratio in getting nodes
upgraded from very old versions.  At least, better than the log messages
that state your tor version is not recommended anymore.
We're also working on Tor Weather to enable automatic notifications, such
as "your server is out of date, please upgrade".

@_date: 2009-04-30 16:44:50
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: 25 tbreg relays in directory 
Yes, these are warm, fuzzy, and nice methods.  They are not software
nor technical solutions to the problems you raise.
They are merely a first step in awareness.

@_date: 2009-04-30 16:59:58
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: 25 tbreg relays in directory 
In general, these options seem a fine way to partition the tor
network.  Possibly more so for new releases and arbitraging the time
during which clients and relays upgrade. Tor clients already don't
trust the relays. The risk is possibly more to the relay operator than
the tor clients using their relay.  It's their OS in most cases that's
at risk, not so much the Tor network.  An option to allow your client to only select from a list of relays
running a version as agreed by the DA's as recommended seems the better
of your a vs b.
We should stop talking about making the relay trust the client.  I
don't think implementing a DRM scheme serves Tor in any way.  If you
think of Tor like TCP, then the whole discussion gets silly.  Tor is an
anonymizing protocol on top of tcp/ip, for now.  Hidden services and
such are example applications that use Tor, the protocol.
Roger and I have had conversations about this thread in taxis, train
stations, and the like as we've been traveling.  I'm sure he'll comment
at some point.

@_date: 2009-04-11 10:12:02
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor grassroots advocacy 
The official press kit contains 2 presentations,
 in both pdf and OpenOffice
Presentation formats.  One presentation is about The Tor Project
itself, the other is about online anonymity in general (with an obvious
bias towards Tor).

@_date: 2009-04-14 21:42:26
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: thoughts??? 
From the March 2009 Progress Report,
"On March 17, Roger attended a hearing at the US Sentencing Commission,
where Seth Schoen from EFF was testifying in opposition to a new "if
you use a proxy when committing a crime, it's a sophisticated crime so
you get more jail-time" clause they were considering. It turned out one
of the commissioners is an avid Tor user, so they were sympathetic to
his testimony. "

@_date: 2009-04-16 20:35:30
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: tor with OpenDNS as default DNS, using Firefox+FoxyProxy 
For the same reason I don't use a 3rd party blacklist for spam
filtering, I don't want my traffic filtered by a tor exit node.  If you
do, great, but don't force it on everyone else.  If my browser is told to ask for google-analytics.com, and your node
blocks it by policy, my tor client will find a new exit node that
allows it.  If you block the access to google-analytics.com after Tor
(such as filtering proxy or blocklist program via IP ranges) then
that's a fine way to get your exit node listed as a "bad exit".  I
suspect traffic from advertising networks is a pittance in comparison
to the peer to peer traffic/bulk data transfer currently overloading
the tor network.  Tor isn't trying to defeat any one business model,
but provide users the ability to control their information to some
degree when using the Internet.  I use tor to protect my privacy and anonymity online.  I want it
to do nothing more.  Let me decide, as the user, what gets
requested, denied, or allowed into my Internet experience.  It's the
user's choice if they want to subscribe to a list of what one person (or
organization) thinks is good or bad on the Internet, but most don't want
it pushed on them without a choice.
I use a firefox extension called Request Policy to not grab different
domains than the one I'm requesting, many of which happen to be
click-tracking and advertising networks.  For now, coupled with
torbutton, this is all I need.  If there was a way to set the "evil bit" in TCP, I'd like the option to
honor it or not; regardless of how many people tell me honoring it
would solve all crimes, cure diseases, and create world peace.

@_date: 2009-08-11 12:28:26
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: unsubscribe or-talk 
I'm killing this thread.  If people want to argue about etiquette,
please do so off the list.

@_date: 2009-08-11 12:32:10
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Comcast throws down gauntlet to residential accounts 
I'm killing this thread.  Originally, I figured someone else will or
already has run into the same situation as Scott.  And said someone may
have advice on how to work with the ISP.
However, the thread has devolved.  It's dead.  Move on.

@_date: 2009-08-11 12:35:31
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: stack smashing attack in function command_process_cell() 
This appears to be something new with Gentoo, or something we triggered
in 0.2.1.x.  There is a similar bug at
 that
may interest you.

@_date: 2009-08-11 15:34:51
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Doubt 
Your client, by default, creates a new circuit through the Tor network
every 10 minutes.  If you've restricted exit nodes, etc, then all bets
are off.  If you've picked the only exit in the network that allows
access to a certain port or destination, then all bets are off again.

@_date: 2009-08-11 23:58:55
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Vidalia 0.2.1 Released 
The better formatted entry can be found at
Vidalia 0.2.1 is now available. This is a test release of the 0.2.x
branch, which we hope to soon make the mainline version; replacing the
0.1.x branch.
Vidalia can be downloaded at     * Add a "Find Bridges Now" button that will attempt to automatically
      download a set of bridge addresses and add them to the list of
bridges in the Network settings page.
    * Add support for building with Google's Breakpad crash reporting
      library (currently disabled by default).
    * Show or hide the "Who has used my bridge recently?" link along
with the other bridge-related widgets when the user toggles the relay
mode in the Network settings page. (Ticket     * Tolerate bridge addresses that do not specify a port number, since
Tor now defaults to using port 443 in such cases.
    * Add support for viewing the map as a full screen widget when built
      with KDE Marble support.
    * Compute the salted hash of the control password ourself when
starting Tor, rather than launching Tor once to hash the password,
parsing the output, and then again to actually start Tor.
    * Add a signal handler that allows Vidalia to clean up and exit
normally when it catches a SIGINT or SIGTERM signal. (Ticket     * If the user chooses to ignore further warnings for a particular
port, remove it from the WarnPlaintextPorts and RejectPlaintextPorts
      settings immediately. Also remember their preferences and reapply
them later, even if Tor is unable to writes to its torrc.(Ticket     * Don't display additional plaintext port warning message boxes
until the first visible message box is dismissed. (Ticket     * Renamed the 'make win32-installer' CMake target to 'make
dist-win32' for consistency with our 'make dist-osx' target.
    * Fix a couple bugs in the WiX-based Windows installer related to
building a Marble-enabled Vidalia installer.
    * Write the list of source files containing translatable strings to
a .pro file and supply just the .pro file as an argument to lupdate,
rather than supplying all of the source file names themselves.

@_date: 2009-08-12 12:05:35
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: External Relay Control [maintaining 'uptime' perception] 
The better way to do this may be via the control port and SETCONF commands.

@_date: 2009-08-12 21:53:09
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: windows tor 
> There's this tor browser bundle that I guess is supposed to make it
The point of the Tor Browser Bundle is to provide a pre-configured
bundle of software to provide anonymous browser without any
configuration.  There's nothing to set up, it's already done for you.
We encourage people to use the TBB for their privacy and anonymity
online, and their normal browser for whatever else they do online.
We make an installable bundle that doesn't contain Firefox and is
configured to use Vidalia (the controller) to manage Tor. But then you
have to configure your apps to use localhost:9050 as a SOCKS proxy.
We chose Firefox because we can view the source and figure out all the
ways to protect anonymity and privacy online.  Opera nor IE are open
source, so we'd waste a colossal amount of time (and money) reverse
engineering the software with IDA Pro or something similar.
If Opera supports SOCKS 4a or 5, then point Opera at Tor on
Look at torvm,   It's still alpha-ware, but
essentially does just what you want.  You mentioned you were a
programmer, join us in improving TorVM.
I'd like a pony, too.

@_date: 2009-08-13 01:46:06
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: firefox v3.5.2 and torbutton crash 
You should file a bug report at It sounds like you have an extension conflict, but without more logs
from torbutton, not much to work with.

@_date: 2009-08-15 23:45:13
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Testing Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.7-dev 
I've updated the Tor Browser Bundle with torbutton 1.2.2, the new
Vidalia 0.2.2, and openssl 0.9.8k compiled with Microsoft Visual C to
handle ssl compatibility issues with various versions of Windows.
If this works, it will be the new Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.8. Please test
The Tor Browser Bundle is:
(add .asc to the end of the link for the signature)
The Tor IM Browser Bundle is:
(add .asc to the end of the link for the signature)
The full list of changes:
    * update Torbutton to 1.2.2
    * update Vidalia to 0.2.2
    * compile OpenSSL 0.9.8k with Visual C to make dlls
There is an issue for some people using a clean Windows XP, Vista, 7
which would either require we ship the Visual C redistributable package,
or compile OpenSSL ourselves with Visual C. The symptoms were the "find
bridges now" button didn't appear in Vidalia 0.2.x, and the relays would
never get flags. A few people posted comments to this blog about lacking
flags and geoip information with TBB.
This is now fixed (at least it works on a freshly installed and patched
WinXP system).

@_date: 2009-08-16 08:23:04
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: IPv6 
We partially do already.  Some easy things to do:
0) read the FAQ,
  The key
sentence being "Full IPv6 support is definitely on our "someday" list;
it will come along faster if somebody who wants it does some of the work. "
1) search the Changelog for ipv6:
Tor 0.2.1.5-alpha moves us closer to handling IPv6 destinations, puts
      IPv6 addresses.
    - Generate and accept IPv6 addresses in many protocol elements.
    - Make resolver code handle nameservers located at ipv6 addresses.
    - Try to fix Win32 compilation again: improve checking for IPv6 types.
    - Merge in some (as-yet-unused) IPv6 address manipulation code.
    - Detect and reject DNS replies containing IPv4 or IPv6 records with
    - Fix as-yet-unused reverse IPv6 lookup code so it sends nybbles
      and ipv6 support. One day Tor will make use of it.
    - Correctly detect ipv6 DNS capability on OpenBSD.
      useless IPv6 DNS resolves.
2) search the codebase for ipv6 yields a number of hits.
3) searching the proposals, yields "117-ipv6-exits.txt"
4) search google for "tor ipv6" yields more hits

@_date: 2009-08-16 08:31:53
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Numbers of police-raids ? 
These fears are unfounded and more of a chilling effect than reality.  I
think the number of police raids due to solely running Tor is zero.
What's more likely is an inquiry by law enforcement because your exit
node IP address appears in a log file related to a targeted sting
operation.  These inquiries rarely involve SWAT teams and the like that
people see in the movies and on television.  People remember the
dramatic over the mundane and attribute these things to the wrong cause.
Two links that may help:
2) In general, we've seen the reverse happen.  Someone gets a visit, with
or without dramatic actions, and this just increases their resolve to
continue to run a Tor node.

@_date: 2009-08-16 08:33:46
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Testing Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.7-dev 
Curious.  I can't recreate this, even if the nodes in the circuit lack
geoip information.  I'll keep poking it.
Great to hear.

@_date: 2009-08-16 09:10:40
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Testing Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.7-dev 
I think I recreated it after trying some more.  The Vidalia Network Map
only sees 574 nodes, so most of the nodes in a circuit aren't displayed
in the left-most window of the Network Map.  But my cached-consensus
file has 1874 routers available.

@_date: 2009-08-16 10:22:08
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Testing Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.7-dev 
After letting Vidalia idle while a new consensus was formed and
downloaded, it now sees all 1851 relays in Network Map.  This also lets
me see all of the nodes in a circuit in the bottom right pane.

@_date: 2009-08-18 23:26:44
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Scott made me do it. 
A while ago there was a thread that devolved into "why does Tor still
ship ancient privoxy?" and "why are you shipping polipo with the Tor
Browser Bundle instead of current privoxy?"  For those interested, the
thread is here, Scott had a good argument for why we should update the bundles to the
latest privoxy, and I agree, we should.  But then I started thinking
about why we needed a proxy at all.  Almost all browsers support socks5
direct, isn't that faster than a middleman proxy?
This got me thinking about why we put polipo in the TBB, but not the
other packages.  The TBB "feels faster" when using Tor than using the
installed Tor, Vidalia, and Privoxy.  However, I couldn't find any
actual testing of performance of polipo vs. privoxy vs. socks5 direct.
So I did it myself, in a loose manner.
The raw data from Tamper Data as xml, proxy config files, and results in
a spreadsheet are all contained in
  And yes,
the ruby script is a quick and dirty hack.
I tested a few scenarios:
1) native polipo and privoxy without using Tor.
2) polipo and privoxy forwarding to Tor localhost:9050.
3) firefox socks5 direct to Tor via localhost:9050.
The summary of results:
1) Native polipo is 54.5% faster on average than native privoxy.  This
could be due to polipo's caching, http 1.1 pipelining, and it can serve
bits as fast as they come in from the network.  Privoxy needs to load
the whole page, scan it, and then send it to the client.  Even if
privoxy filtering is disabled, it still works the same way.
2) Polipo caching shines with Tor usage.  Common images are cached, and
served from the memory cache in single-digit millisecond ranges.
Privoxy needs to wait for Tor to wholly deliver the bits.  Caching is
faster, this we know already.  However, from a user perspective, it's
just faster to load pages.
3) socks5 in Firefox 3.5.2 did better than I expected.
4) I tried testing a click to a second page to see how much polipo
caching helps people reading different pages on the same site.  It
helps, but not as much as I expected.
Caveats:  Testing under tor is highly variable.  I used the same
circuits for both the polipo and privoxy tests to minimize variability.
 However, I can't control node load and congestion.
Out of 23 get requests for the Torproject.org/index.html.en, 17 are for
the country flags.   Perhaps we should load these last at the bottom of
the page, or do something else to speed up the torproject page load.
As I was doing this, I kept thinking of other ways to do it better;
1) time requests and bits between tor, the http proxy, and the browser.
 How long does each request take to get from the browser, to the proxy,
to tor and back across each layer?  how much latency does each piece of
software add to the request and delivery?
2) automate testing and let it run on a normal tor client over weeks.
This will average out tor network variability and show "typical" user
3) Pick a sampling of the top 100 websites by visits worldwide and
measure their performance with the three methods, fully instrumented as
in 4) Do user experience measurements.  Pay/ask/bribe people to sit in
front of a computer, video record their browsing and feedback, and ask
for a rating of each configuration (socks5, polipo, privoxy, and a placebo).
5) re-run  and run gcov to watch the code paths used in each piece of
software, and figure out what can be optimized for performance.
6) test various "private browsing modes" through tor to see which
browser is faster; firefox, safari, chromium, torfox, or torora.
7) how can we better tune polipo caching dynamically based on system ram
config?  Does having 1GB of cache provide significant benefits over the
I'm sure there are lots of things wrong with my measurements, minimal
analysis, and results.
Constructive criticism is welcome.

@_date: 2009-08-20 00:00:46
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.8 released 
Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.8 is released. The big changes are the inclusion
of statically linked openssl dlls to resolve a few geoip lookup and
functionality issues with Vidalia, and the upgrade to the new Vidalia 0.2.2.
Available at The full list of updates and fixes:
    * update Torbutton to 1.2.2
    * update Vidalia to 0.2.2
    * compile OpenSSL 0.9.8k with Visual C to make dlls
    * update Pidgin to 2.6.1
Full post at

@_date: 2009-08-03 15:10:13
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor check and DNS exitlist down? 
The server that hosts exitlist and check had some issues this morning.
It is back online now.

@_date: 2009-08-20 10:28:06
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Supercookies 
Not picking on Ted, but this whole thread is off-topic.

@_date: 2009-08-20 10:49:28
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Scott made me do it. 
Not blaming you, just honoring you as the instigator. ;)
I highlighted your words there to make a point.  Not everyone wants to
filter their internet, or have it filtered for them.  Some people don't
want to see ads at all, others want to see them.  I'm aware that ad
networks can destroy your online privacy and anonymity by tracking where
you visit in a session.  People have freewill and can make their own
decisions about what they want to see or not.
My testing shows that a caching proxy helps speed up the user experience
with Tor.  Personally, I don't use an adblocker nor filters, I use the
request policy firefox plugin on the "full domain" setting.
That was my first test, native polipo and privoxy without Tor. ;)

@_date: 2009-08-20 11:08:10
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Supercookies 
torbutton disables flash plugins, so anything in there is locked away to
a non-tor session.
The free software sub-thread is off-topic.  Sorry for the confusion.

@_date: 2009-08-20 21:13:58
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Bad exit node: freeMe69 
The real charles proxy is at  and is
generally used for debugging apps, but is also used to spy on people.
The innocent explanation is that someone left it on by accident.

@_date: 2009-08-21 09:44:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Scott made me do it. 
Lots of people leave the same page up in a tab in their browser for very
long times, like baidu, gmail, facebook, bbc.co.uk, cnn,com, meebo, etc.
If you look at the tor-polipo.conf file, you'll see disk cache is
disabled.  All of this cache is in ram.
Just to clarify, I don't question the value of privoxy.  In a perfect
world privoxy would have caching, http pipelining, and do filtering.  If
people want to filter their browsing, then by all means they should be
able to do so.  I question the value of shipping a filtering proxy that
is enabled by default.  A growing number of Tor users choose Tor because
it provides un-censored/filtered access to the Internet.  Having the Tor
software filter the Internet by default seems ironic.

@_date: 2009-08-21 10:20:57
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Javascript security question 
If you're thinking of the null issue released by moxie, then the issue
isn't with ssl, it's with the libraries that many programs call for
their ssl routines.  If you're running Firefox 3.0.13, then this one
issue is fixed.
The CA/ssl infrastructure has plenty of its own issues in how its
implemented today.  Let's not confuse the two.

@_date: 2009-08-21 10:24:45
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Javascript security question 
I leave javascript enabled with torbutton enabled.  While everyone will
focus on the possibility of an evil exit node, the reality is far more
mundane.  If you're following safe anonymity and browsing practices, you
have a better chance of mitigating any attacks from the rare evil exit node.
Mike Perry's Snakes on a Tor tool has done hundreds, if not thousands,
of hours of exit node scanning.  It finds very few evil exit nodes.  And
in follow-up with these operators, most are a misconfiguration of some
device outside their tor node.

@_date: 2009-08-21 10:27:23
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: BetterPrivacy does not allow remote code execution] 
Reading the source would tell you what's really going on.

@_date: 2009-08-21 11:21:06
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Supercookies 
Try Torora,   I've been heavily testing
it and harassing Robert with long emails of "I wish it did X" recently.
   More testing with more real users would be good.

@_date: 2009-08-21 15:31:41
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Scott made me do it. 
Enabling torbutton disables firefox cache.  I didn't test non-tor
firefox caching.

@_date: 2009-08-21 15:53:22
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Annoying loop situation 
You probably want to disable torbutton and configure your non-tor proxy.
 Then when you click to enable torbutton, your tor settings are enabled.
 When you disable torbutton, your privoxy configuration is still intact.

@_date: 2009-08-21 21:22:00
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Scott made me do it. 
Thinking about this some more, torbutton doesn't disable Firefox memory
caching.  I should test the native in-memory cache of firefox versus
polipo to see if there is a performance difference.

@_date: 2009-08-21 21:33:22
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Scott made me do it. 
I agree there is a gray area here in filtering versus protection.  I
don't have a concrete answer at this point.  A fine question is, Where
is the boundary between protecting the user from an anonymity
vulnerability versus open access to information (for good or bad)?
Torbutton protects against known issues within Firefox, but are ad
networks external to those issues or is it something we need to mitigate
for the user (unsuspecting or otherwise)?
I may sound like a broken record here, but I don't use an ad blocker
plugin.  RequestPolicy does just fine to block 99% of the ads because
99% of the sites on the Internet use a 3rd party ad network that isn't
in their full domain. (I don't actually know if 99% of the sites on the
Internet use a 3rd party ad service, but roughly 99% of the sites I
browse for information appear to do so.)  This also breaks content
delivery networks and turns most sites into text only, but that's fine
with me.
Clearly I need to do more testing and use more features ofprivoxy to see
what it can do.

@_date: 2009-08-25 10:38:01
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Something that I don't understand about privoxy 
> So here are my questions: First of all, if privoxy is needed for
The Tor Browser Bundle, aka the portable bundle, doesn't include
Privoxy.  It includes Polipo instead.  Polipo and Privoxy serve
different purposes.
Privoxy and Polipo can both filter content at the proxy, before it
reaches your web browser.  In the Tor Browser Bundle, Polipo is
configured without filtering and without disk cache.  Polipo caches
objects in ram, and generally is used to speed up browsing the Internet
via Tor.  We use Polipo as a way to get around the Firefox bugs with
SOCKS proxies.  Using Firefox 3.0 and earlier with Tor directly can be a
very slow experience, due to hard-coded timeouts in Firefox.  Firefox
3.5.x may or may not fix the SOCKS issues enough to let us remove the
http proxy.
People install the Vidalia bundle so they can use their favorite web
browser (for good or for bad) with Tor and Privoxy.  At the time the
Vidalia bundle was created, Opera, IE, Safari, and other browsers lacked
the ability to filter content via plugins.  Privoxy fulfills this role.
 This situation isn't so much the case today, but we continue to ship
Privoxy because no one has come up with a better browser or
configuration.  And Firefox still has bugs with SOCKS proxies.
Torora and TorFox may be the future, where Torbutton's anonymity and
privacy protections are built into the browser; and they are faster at
interfacing with Tor directly.  This removes the need for a http proxy
between the browser and Tor.  However, research and development
continues on both browsers.

@_date: 2009-08-25 14:52:02
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Something that I don't understand about privoxy 
> This means when I uncheck the Enable option of Privoxy, I turn off
Yes, privoxy when "disabled" continues to act as a non-filtering http
There hasn't been research into whether privoxy filtering adds
additional anonymity and privacy protections, at least no research that
I know of.  The real question is possibly whether ad-blockers, or domain
restrictions (such as with request policy plugin for firefox), enhance
your online privacy.  There are logical guesses here, but no
peer-reviewed, sound research that I know of.  If others know of some
research, feel free to enlighten us all.

@_date: 2009-08-26 23:31:12
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: PPC-only privoxy in OSX bundle 
Yes, privoxy in the current Vidalia Bundles packages for OS X is powerpc
only.  It's also an old version, 3.0.6.
I focused on building a better bundle that is simply drag and drop into
Applications rather than trying to update to bundle with current privoxy
versions.  The Apple Installer has been full of problems and
incompatibilities, sometimes even between patch levels in the same major
OS version.
The forthcoming Vidalia 0.2.2 bundle will include polipo instead of
privoxy.  Advanced users can swap out polipo with privoxy fairly easily.
 Vidalia will even start your desired proxy for you.
The forthcoming Vidalia 0.2.2 bundle will be either x86 or PPC, not
universal.  This cuts the package size in half.

@_date: 2009-08-29 20:11:24
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Microsoft working to eliminate Internet anonymity 
If you read the paper, in the conclusion and discussion it suggests
using anonymizing proxies will defeat their HostTracker tool.
Furthermore, they did this tracking by having application level logs,
not network analysis.

@_date: 2009-08-29 20:13:53
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Sorry, your'e not using Tor after a while 
I suspect you mean The check is just a normal tor client looking through the
cached-descriptor files for the IP address from which your connection
appears.  It's rare, but plausible, that you've exited from a new node
that hasn't been through a consensus vote yet.

@_date: 2009-08-29 20:15:45
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Something that I don't understand about privoxy 
For what it's worth, the latest 0.2.2.1-alpha vidalia-bundle for OS X
10.4 and above is pure x86 now.
The 0.2.2.1-alpha vidalia-bundle for Win32 includes privoxy 3.0.14 too.

@_date: 2009-08-30 08:16:50
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Snow Leopard 
The current stable will not work on a default OS X 10.6/Snow Leopard
installation.  You want to use the current alpha, which is all x86 and
will work on Snow Leopard.  The -alpha bundle can be retrieved from
here:

@_date: 2009-08-07 01:22:54
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [Fwd: Tor 0.2.1.18 and 0.2.1.19 are released] 
For those who didn't see the announcement, we have a new stable release
based on the 0.2.1.x codebase.
-------- Original Message --------
Tor 0.2.1.18 lays the foundations for performance improvements, adds
status events to help users diagnose bootstrap problems, adds optional
authentication/authorization for hidden services, fixes a variety of
potential anonymity problems, and includes a huge pile of other features
and bug fixes.
Tor 0.2.1.19 fixes a major bug with accessing and providing hidden
Changes in version 0.2.1.19 - 2009-07-28
  o Major bugfixes:
    - Make accessing hidden services on 0.2.1.x work right again.
      Bugfix on 0.2.1.3-alpha; workaround for bug 1038. Diagnosis and
      part of patch provided by "optimist".
  o Minor features:
    - When a relay/bridge is writing out its identity key fingerprint to
      the "fingerprint" file and to its logs, write it without spaces. Now
      it will look like the fingerprints in our bridges documentation,
      and confuse fewer users.
  o Minor bugfixes:
    - Relays no longer publish a new server descriptor if they change
      their MaxAdvertisedBandwidth config option but it doesn't end up
      changing their advertised bandwidth numbers. Bugfix on 0.2.0.28-rc;
      fixes bug 1026. Patch from Sebastian.
    - Avoid leaking memory every time we get a create cell but we have
      so many already queued that we refuse it. Bugfix on 0.2.0.19-alpha;
      fixes bug 1034. Reported by BarkerJr.
Changes in version 0.2.1.18 - 2009-07-24
  o Major features (clients):
    - Start sending "bootstrap phase" status events to the controller,
      so it can keep the user informed of progress fetching directory
      information and establishing circuits. Also inform the controller
      if we think we're stuck at a particular bootstrap phase. Implements
      proposal 137.
    - Clients replace entry guards that were chosen more than a few months
      ago. This change should significantly improve client performance,
      especially once more people upgrade, since relays that have been
      a guard for a long time are currently overloaded.
    - Network status consensus documents and votes now contain bandwidth
      information for each relay. Clients use the bandwidth values
      in the consensus, rather than the bandwidth values in each
      relay descriptor. This approach opens the door to more accurate
      bandwidth estimates once the directory authorities start doing
      active measurements. Implements part of proposal 141.
  o Major features (relays):
    - Disable and refactor some debugging checks that forced a linear scan
      over the whole server-side DNS cache. These accounted for over 50%
      of CPU time on a relatively busy exit node's gprof profile. Also,
      disable some debugging checks that appeared in exit node profile
      data. Found by Jacob.
    - New DirPortFrontPage option that takes an html file and publishes
      it as "/" on the DirPort. Now relay operators can provide a
      disclaimer without needing to set up a separate webserver. There's
      a sample disclaimer in contrib/tor-exit-notice.html.
  o Major features (hidden services):
    - Make it possible to build hidden services that only certain clients
      are allowed to connect to. This is enforced at several points,
      so that unauthorized clients are unable to send INTRODUCE cells
      to the service, or even (depending on the type of authentication)
      to learn introduction points. This feature raises the bar for
      certain kinds of active attacks against hidden services. Design
      and code by Karsten Loesing. Implements proposal 121.
    - Relays now store and serve v2 hidden service descriptors by default,
      i.e., the new default value for HidServDirectoryV2 is 1. This is
      the last step in proposal 114, which aims to make hidden service
      lookups more reliable.
  o Major features (path selection):
    - ExitNodes and Exclude*Nodes config options now allow you to restrict
      by country code ("{US}") or IP address or address pattern
      ("255.128.0.0/16"). Patch from Robert Hogan. It still needs some
      refinement to decide what config options should take priority if
      you ask to both use a particular node and exclude it.
  o Major features (misc):
    - When building a consensus, do not include routers that are down.
      This cuts down 30% to 40% on consensus size. Implements proposal
      138.
    - New TestingTorNetwork config option to allow adjustment of
      previously constant values that could slow bootstrapping. Implements
      proposal 135. Patch from Karsten.
    - Convert many internal address representations to optionally hold
      IPv6 addresses. Generate and accept IPv6 addresses in many protocol
      elements. Make resolver code handle nameservers located at IPv6
      addresses.
    - More work on making our TLS handshake blend in: modify the list
      of ciphers advertised by OpenSSL in client mode to even more
      closely resemble a common web browser. We cheat a little so that
      we can advertise ciphers that the locally installed OpenSSL doesn't
      know about.
    - Use the TLS1 hostname extension to more closely resemble browser
      behavior.
  o Security fixes (anonymity/entropy):
    - Never use a connection with a mismatched address to extend a
      circuit, unless that connection is canonical. A canonical
      connection is one whose address is authenticated by the router's
      identity key, either in a NETINFO cell or in a router descriptor.
    - Implement most of proposal 110: The first K cells to be sent
      along a circuit are marked as special "early" cells; only K "early"
      cells will be allowed. Once this code is universal, we can block
      certain kinds of denial-of-service attack by requiring that EXTEND
      commands must be sent using an "early" cell.
    - Resume using OpenSSL's RAND_poll() for better (and more portable)
      cross-platform entropy collection again. We used to use it, then
      stopped using it because of a bug that could crash systems that
      called RAND_poll when they had a lot of fds open. It looks like the
      bug got fixed in late 2006. Our new behavior is to call RAND_poll()
      at startup, and to call RAND_poll() when we reseed later only if
      we have a non-buggy OpenSSL version.
    - When the client is choosing entry guards, now it selects at most
      one guard from a given relay family. Otherwise we could end up with
      all of our entry points into the network run by the same operator.
      Suggested by Camilo Viecco. Fix on 0.1.1.11-alpha.
    - Do not use or believe expired v3 authority certificates. Patch
      from Karsten. Bugfix in 0.2.0.x. Fixes bug 851.
    - Drop begin cells to a hidden service if they come from the middle
      of a circuit. Patch from lark.
    - When we erroneously receive two EXTEND cells for the same circuit
      ID on the same connection, drop the second. Patch from lark.
    - Authorities now vote for the Stable flag for any router whose
      weighted MTBF is at least 5 days, regardless of the mean MTBF.
    - Clients now never report any stream end reason except 'MISC'.
      Implements proposal 148.
  o Major bugfixes (crashes):
    - Parse dates and IPv4 addresses in a locale- and libc-independent
      manner, to avoid platform-dependent behavior on malformed input.
    - Fix a crash that occurs on exit nodes when a nameserver request
      timed out. Bugfix on 0.1.2.1-alpha; our CLEAR debugging code had
      been suppressing the bug since 0.1.2.10-alpha. Partial fix for
      bug 929.
    - Do not assume that a stack-allocated character array will be
      64-bit aligned on platforms that demand that uint64_t access is
      aligned. Possible fix for bug 604.
    - Resolve a very rare crash bug that could occur when the user forced
      a nameserver reconfiguration during the middle of a nameserver
      probe. Fixes bug 526. Bugfix on 0.1.2.1-alpha.
    - Avoid a "0 divided by 0" calculation when calculating router uptime
      at directory authorities. Bugfix on 0.2.0.8-alpha.
    - Fix an assertion bug in parsing policy-related options; possible fix
      for bug 811.
    - Rate-limit too-many-sockets messages: when they happen, they happen
      a lot and end up filling up the disk. Resolves bug 748.
    - Fix a race condition that could cause crashes or memory corruption
      when running as a server with a controller listening for log
      messages.
    - Avoid crashing when we have a policy specified in a DirPolicy or
      SocksPolicy or ReachableAddresses option with ports set on it,
      and we re-load the policy. May fix bug 996.
    - Fix an assertion failure on 64-bit platforms when we allocated
      memory right up to the end of a memarea, then realigned the memory
      one step beyond the end. Fixes a possible cause of bug 930.
    - Protect the count of open sockets with a mutex, so we can't
      corrupt it when two threads are closing or opening sockets at once.
      Fix for bug 939. Bugfix on 0.2.0.1-alpha.
  o Major bugfixes (clients):
    - Discard router descriptors as we load them if they are more than
      five days old. Otherwise if Tor is off for a long time and then
      starts with cached descriptors, it will try to use the onion keys
      in those obsolete descriptors when building circuits. Fixes bug 887.
    - When we choose to abandon a new entry guard because we think our
      older ones might be better, close any circuits pending on that
      new entry guard connection. This fix should make us recover much
      faster when our network is down and then comes back. Bugfix on
      0.1.2.8-beta; found by lodger.
    - When Tor clients restart after 1-5 days, they discard all their
      cached descriptors as too old, but they still use the cached
      consensus document. This approach is good for robustness, but
      bad for performance: since they don't know any bandwidths, they
      end up choosing at random rather than weighting their choice by
      speed. Fixed by the above feature of putting bandwidths in the
      consensus.
  o Major bugfixes (relays):
    - Relays were falling out of the networkstatus consensus for
      part of a day if they changed their local config but the
      authorities discarded their new descriptor as "not sufficiently
      different". Now directory authorities accept a descriptor as changed
      if BandwidthRate or BandwidthBurst changed. Partial fix for bug 962;
      patch by Sebastian.
    - Ensure that two circuits can never exist on the same connection
      with the same circuit ID, even if one is marked for close. This
      is conceivably a bugfix for bug 779; fixes a bug on 0.1.0.4-rc.
    - Directory authorities were neglecting to mark relays down in their
      internal histories if the relays fall off the routerlist without
      ever being found unreachable. So there were relays in the histories
      that haven't been seen for eight months, and are listed as being
      up for eight months. This wreaked havoc on the "median wfu" and
      "median mtbf" calculations, in turn making Guard and Stable flags
      wrong, hurting network performance. Fixes bugs 696 and 969. Bugfix
      on 0.2.0.6-alpha.
  o Major bugfixes (hidden services):
    - When establishing a hidden service, introduction points that
      originate from cannibalized circuits were completely ignored
      and not included in rendezvous service descriptors. This might
      have been another reason for delay in making a hidden service
      available. Bugfix from long ago (0.0.9.x?)
  o Major bugfixes (memory and resource management):
    - Fixed some memory leaks -- some quite frequent, some almost
      impossible to trigger -- based on results from Coverity.
    - Speed up parsing and cut down on memory fragmentation by using
      stack-style allocations for parsing directory objects. Previously,
      this accounted for over 40% of allocations from within Tor's code
      on a typical directory cache.
    - Use a Bloom filter rather than a digest-based set to track which
      descriptors we need to keep around when we're cleaning out old
      router descriptors. This speeds up the computation significantly,
      and may reduce fragmentation.
  o New/changed config options:
    - Now NodeFamily and MyFamily config options allow spaces in
      identity fingerprints, so it's easier to paste them in.
      Suggested by Lucky Green.
    - Allow ports 465 and 587 in the default exit policy again. We had
      rejected them in 0.1.0.15, because back in 2005 they were commonly
      misconfigured and ended up as spam targets. We hear they are better
      locked down these days.
    - Make TrackHostExit mappings expire a while after their last use, not
      after their creation. Patch from Robert Hogan.
    - Add an ExcludeExitNodes option so users can list a set of nodes
      that should be be excluded from the exit node position, but
      allowed elsewhere. Implements proposal 151.
    - New --hush command-line option similar to --quiet. While --quiet
      disables all logging to the console on startup, --hush limits the
      output to messages of warning and error severity.
    - New configure/torrc options (--enable-geoip-stats,
      DirRecordUsageByCountry) to record how many IPs we've served
      directory info to in each country code, how many status documents
      total we've sent to each country code, and what share of the total
      directory requests we should expect to see.
    - Make outbound DNS packets respect the OutboundBindAddress setting.
      Fixes the bug part of bug 798. Bugfix on 0.1.2.2-alpha.
    - Allow separate log levels to be configured for different logging
      domains. For example, this allows one to log all notices, warnings,
      or errors, plus all memory management messages of level debug or
      higher, with: Log [MM] debug-err [*] notice-err file /var/log/tor.
    - Update to the "June 3 2009" ip-to-country file.
  o Minor features (relays):
    - Raise the minimum rate limiting to be a relay from 20000 bytes
      to 20480 bytes (aka 20KB/s), to match our documentation. Also
      update directory authorities so they always assign the Fast flag
      to relays with 20KB/s of capacity. Now people running relays won't
      suddenly find themselves not seeing any use, if the network gets
      faster on average.
    - If we're a relay and we change our IP address, be more verbose
      about the reason that made us change. Should help track down
      further bugs for relays on dynamic IP addresses.
    - Exit servers can now answer resolve requests for ip6.arpa addresses.
    - Implement most of Proposal 152: allow specialized servers to permit
      single-hop circuits, and clients to use those servers to build
      single-hop circuits when using a specialized controller. Patch
      from Josh Albrecht. Resolves feature request 768.
    - When relays do their initial bandwidth measurement, don't limit
      to just our entry guards for the test circuits. Otherwise we tend
      to have multiple test circuits going through a single entry guard,
      which makes our bandwidth test less accurate. Fixes part of bug 654;
      patch contributed by Josh Albrecht.
  o Minor features (directory authorities):
    - Try not to open more than one descriptor-downloading connection
      to an authority at once. This should reduce load on directory
      authorities. Fixes bug 366.
    - Add cross-certification to newly generated certificates, so that
      a signing key is enough information to look up a certificate. Start
      serving certificates by       pairs. Implements proposal 157.
    - When a directory authority downloads a descriptor that it then
      immediately rejects, do not retry downloading it right away. Should
      save some bandwidth on authorities. Fix for bug 888. Patch by
      Sebastian Hahn.
    - Directory authorities now serve a /tor/dbg-stability.txt URL to
      help debug WFU and MTBF calculations.
    - In directory authorities' approved-routers files, allow
      fingerprints with or without space.
  o Minor features (directory mirrors):
    - When a download gets us zero good descriptors, do not notify
      Tor that new directory information has arrived.
    - Servers support a new URL scheme for consensus downloads that
      allows the client to specify which authorities are trusted.
      The server then only sends the consensus if the client will trust
      it. Otherwise a 404 error is sent back. Clients use this
      new scheme when the server supports it (meaning it's running
      0.2.1.1-alpha or later). Implements proposal 134.
  o Minor features (bridges):
    - If the bridge config line doesn't specify a port, assume 443.
      This makes bridge lines a bit smaller and easier for users to
      understand.
    - If we're using bridges and our network goes away, be more willing
      to forgive our bridges and try again when we get an application
      request.
  o Minor features (hidden services):
    - When the client launches an introduction circuit, retry with a
      new circuit after 30 seconds rather than 60 seconds.
    - Launch a second client-side introduction circuit in parallel
      after a delay of 15 seconds (based on work by Christian Wilms).
    - Hidden services start out building five intro circuits rather
      than three, and when the first three finish they publish a service
      descriptor using those. Now we publish our service descriptor much
      faster after restart.
    - Drop the requirement to have an open dir port for storing and
      serving v2 hidden service descriptors.
  o Minor features (build and packaging):
    - On Linux, use the prctl call to re-enable core dumps when the User
      option is set.
    - Try to make sure that the version of Libevent we're running with
      is binary-compatible with the one we built with. May address bug
      897 and others.
    - Add a new --enable-local-appdata configuration switch to change
      the default location of the datadir on win32 from APPDATA to
      LOCAL_APPDATA. In the future, we should migrate to LOCAL_APPDATA
      entirely. Patch from coderman.
    - Build correctly against versions of OpenSSL 0.9.8 or later that
      are built without support for deprecated functions.
    - On platforms with a maximum syslog string length, truncate syslog
      messages to that length ourselves, rather than relying on the
      system to do it for us.
    - Automatically detect MacOSX versions earlier than 10.4.0, and
      disable kqueue from inside Tor when running with these versions.
      We previously did this from the startup script, but that was no
      help to people who didn't use the startup script. Resolves bug 863.
    - Build correctly when configured to build outside the main source
      path. Patch from Michael Gold.
    - Disable GCC's strict alias optimization by default, to avoid the
      likelihood of its introducing subtle bugs whenever our code violates
      the letter of C99's alias rules.
    - Change the contrib/tor.logrotate script so it makes the new
      logs as "_tor:_tor" rather than the default, which is generally
      "root:wheel". Fixes bug 676, reported by Serge Koksharov.
    - Change our header file guard macros to be less likely to conflict
      with system headers. Adam Langley noticed that we were conflicting
      with log.h on Android.
    - Add a couple of extra warnings to --enable-gcc-warnings for GCC 4.3,
      and stop using a warning that had become unfixably verbose under
      GCC 4.3.
    - Use a lockfile to make sure that two Tor processes are not
      simultaneously running with the same datadir.
    - Allow OpenSSL to use dynamic locks if it wants.
    - Add LIBS=-lrt to Makefile.am so the Tor RPMs use a static libevent.
  o Minor features (controllers):
    - When generating circuit events with verbose nicknames for
      controllers, try harder to look up nicknames for routers on a
      circuit. (Previously, we would look in the router descriptors we had
      for nicknames, but not in the consensus.) Partial fix for bug 941.
    - New controller event NEWCONSENSUS that lists the networkstatus
      lines for every recommended relay. Now controllers like Torflow
      can keep up-to-date on which relays they should be using.
    - New controller event "clients_seen" to report a geoip-based summary
      of which countries we've seen clients from recently. Now controllers
      like Vidalia can show bridge operators that they're actually making
      a difference.
    - Add a 'getinfo status/clients-seen' controller command, in case
      controllers want to hear clients_seen events but connect late.
    - New CONSENSUS_ARRIVED event to note when a new consensus has
      been fetched and validated.
    - Add an internal-use-only __ReloadTorrcOnSIGHUP option for
      controllers to prevent SIGHUP from reloading the configuration.
      Fixes bug 856.
    - Return circuit purposes in response to GETINFO circuit-status.
      Fixes bug 858.
    - Serve the latest v3 networkstatus consensus via the control
      port. Use "getinfo dir/status-vote/current/consensus" to fetch it.
    - Add a "GETINFO /status/bootstrap-phase" controller option, so the
      controller can query our current bootstrap state in case it attaches
      partway through and wants to catch up.
    - Provide circuit purposes along with circuit events to the controller.
  o Minor features (tools):
    - Do not have tor-resolve automatically refuse all .onion addresses;
      if AutomapHostsOnResolve is set in your torrc, this will work fine.
    - Add a -p option to tor-resolve for specifying the SOCKS port: some
      people find host:port too confusing.
    - Print the SOCKS5 error message string as well as the error code
      when a tor-resolve request fails. Patch from Jacob.
  o Minor bugfixes (memory and resource management):
    - Clients no longer cache certificates for authorities they do not
      recognize. Bugfix on 0.2.0.9-alpha.
    - Do not use C's stdio library for writing to log files. This will
      improve logging performance by a minute amount, and will stop
      leaking fds when our disk is full. Fixes bug 861.
    - Stop erroneous use of O_APPEND in cases where we did not in fact
      want to re-seek to the end of a file before every last write().
    - Fix a small alignment and memory-wasting bug on buffer chunks.
      Spotted by rovv.
    - Add a malloc_good_size implementation to OpenBSD_malloc_linux.c,
      to avoid unused RAM in buffer chunks and memory pools.
    - Reduce the default smartlist size from 32 to 16; it turns out that
      most smartlists hold around 8-12 elements tops.
    - Make dumpstats() log the fullness and size of openssl-internal
      buffers.
    - If the user has applied the experimental SSL_MODE_RELEASE_BUFFERS
      patch to their OpenSSL, turn it on to save memory on servers. This
      patch will (with any luck) get included in a mainline distribution
      before too long.
    - Fix a memory leak when v3 directory authorities load their keys
      and cert from disk. Bugfix on 0.2.0.1-alpha.
    - Stop using malloc_usable_size() to use more area than we had
      actually allocated: it was safe, but made valgrind really unhappy.
    - Make the assert_circuit_ok() function work correctly on circuits that
      have already been marked for close.
    - Fix uninitialized size field for memory area allocation: may improve
      memory performance during directory parsing.
  o Minor bugfixes (clients):
    - Stop reloading the router list from disk for no reason when we
      run out of reachable directory mirrors. Once upon a time reloading
      it would set the 'is_running' flag back to 1 for them. It hasn't
      done that for a long time.
    - When we had picked an exit node for a connection, but marked it as
      "optional", and it turned out we had no onion key for the exit,
      stop wanting that exit and try again. This situation may not
      be possible now, but will probably become feasible with proposal
      158. Spotted by rovv. Fixes another case of bug 752.
    - Fix a bug in address parsing that was preventing bridges or hidden
      service targets from being at IPv6 addresses.
    - Do not remove routers as too old if we do not have any consensus
      document. Bugfix on 0.2.0.7-alpha.
    - When an exit relay resolves a stream address to a local IP address,
      do not just keep retrying that same exit relay over and
      over. Instead, just close the stream. Addresses bug 872. Bugfix
      on 0.2.0.32. Patch from rovv.
    - Made Tor a little less aggressive about deleting expired
      certificates. Partial fix for bug 854.
    - Treat duplicate certificate fetches as failures, so that we do
      not try to re-fetch an expired certificate over and over and over.
    - Do not say we're fetching a certificate when we'll in fact skip it
      because of a pending download.
    - If we have correct permissions on $datadir, we complain to stdout
      and fail to start. But dangerous permissions on
      $datadir/cached-status/ would cause us to open a log and complain
      there. Now complain to stdout and fail to start in both cases. Fixes
      bug 820, reported by seeess.
  o Minor bugfixes (bridges):
    - When we made bridge authorities stop serving bridge descriptors over
      unencrypted links, we also broke DirPort reachability testing for
      bridges. So bridges with a non-zero DirPort were printing spurious
      warns to their logs. Bugfix on 0.2.0.16-alpha. Fixes bug 709.
    - Don't allow a bridge to publish its router descriptor to a
      non-bridge directory authority. Fixes part of bug 932.
    - When we change to or from being a bridge, reset our counts of
      client usage by country. Fixes bug 932.
  o Minor bugfixes (relays):
    - Log correct error messages for DNS-related network errors on
      Windows.
    - Actually return -1 in the error case for read_bandwidth_usage().
      Harmless bug, since we currently don't care about the return value
      anywhere. Bugfix on 0.2.0.9-alpha.
    - Provide a more useful log message if bug 977 (related to buffer
      freelists) ever reappears, and do not crash right away.
    - We were already rejecting relay begin cells with destination port
      of 0. Now also reject extend cells with destination port or address
      of 0. Suggested by lark.
    - When we can't transmit a DNS request due to a network error, retry
      it after a while, and eventually transmit a failing response to
      the RESOLVED cell. Bugfix on 0.1.2.5-alpha.
    - Solve a bug that kept hardware crypto acceleration from getting
      enabled when accounting was turned on. Fixes bug 907. Bugfix on
      0.0.9pre6.
    - When a canonical connection appears later in our internal list
      than a noncanonical one for a given OR ID, always use the
      canonical one. Bugfix on 0.2.0.12-alpha. Fixes bug 805.
      Spotted by rovv.
    - Avoid some nasty corner cases in the logic for marking connections
      as too old or obsolete or noncanonical for circuits. Partial
      bugfix on bug 891.
    - Fix another interesting corner-case of bug 891 spotted by rovv:
      Previously, if two hosts had different amounts of clock drift, and
      one of them created a new connection with just the wrong timing,
      the other might decide to deprecate the new connection erroneously.
      Bugfix on 0.1.1.13-alpha.
    - If one win32 nameserver fails to get added, continue adding the
      rest, and don't automatically fail.
    - Fix a bug where an unreachable relay would establish enough
      reachability testing circuits to do a bandwidth test -- if
      we already have a connection to the middle hop of the testing
      circuit, then it could establish the last hop by using the existing
      connection. Bugfix on 0.1.2.2-alpha, exposed when we made testing
      circuits no longer use entry guards in 0.2.1.3-alpha.
  o Minor bugfixes (directory authorities):
    - Limit uploaded directory documents to be 16M rather than 500K.
      The directory authorities were refusing v3 consensus votes from
      other authorities, since the votes are now 504K. Fixes bug 959;
      bugfix on 0.0.2pre17 (where we raised it from 50K to 500K ;).
    - Directory authorities should never send a 503 "busy" response to
      requests for votes or keys. Bugfix on 0.2.0.8-alpha; exposed by
      bug 959.
    - Fix code so authorities _actually_ send back X-Descriptor-Not-New
      headers. Bugfix on 0.2.0.10-alpha.
  o Minor bugfixes (hidden services):
    - When we can't find an intro key for a v2 hidden service descriptor,
      fall back to the v0 hidden service descriptor and log a bug message.
      Workaround for bug 1024.
    - In very rare situations new hidden service descriptors were
      published earlier than 30 seconds after the last change to the
      service. (We currently think that a hidden service descriptor
      that's been stable for 30 seconds is worth publishing.)
    - If a hidden service sends us an END cell, do not consider
      retrying the connection; just close it. Patch from rovv.
    - If we are not using BEGIN_DIR cells, don't attempt to contact hidden
      service directories if they have no advertised dir port. Bugfix
      on 0.2.0.10-alpha.
  o Minor bugfixes (tools):
    - In the torify(1) manpage, mention that tsocks will leak your
      DNS requests.
  o Minor bugfixes (controllers):
    - If the controller claimed responsibility for a stream, but that
      stream never finished making its connection, it would live
      forever in circuit_wait state. Now we close it after SocksTimeout
      seconds. Bugfix on 0.1.2.7-alpha; reported by Mike Perry.
    - Make DNS resolved controller events into "CLOSED", not
      "FAILED". Bugfix on 0.1.2.5-alpha. Fix by Robert Hogan. Resolves
      bug 807.
    - The control port would close the connection before flushing long
      replies, such as the network consensus, if a QUIT command was issued
      before the reply had completed. Now, the control port flushes all
      pending replies before closing the connection. Also fix a spurious
      warning when a QUIT command is issued after a malformed or rejected
      AUTHENTICATE command, but before the connection was closed. Patch
      by Marcus Griep. Fixes bugs 1015 and 1016.
    - Fix a bug that made stream bandwidth get misreported to the
      controller.
  o Deprecated and removed features:
    - The old "tor --version --version" command, which would print out
      the subversion "Id" of most of the source files, is now removed. It
      turned out to be less useful than we'd expected, and harder to
      maintain.
    - RedirectExits has been removed. It was deprecated since
      0.2.0.3-alpha.
    - Finally remove deprecated "EXTENDED_FORMAT" controller feature. It
      has been called EXTENDED_EVENTS since 0.1.2.4-alpha.
    - Cell pools are now always enabled; --disable-cell-pools is ignored.
    - Directory mirrors no longer fetch the v1 directory or
      running-routers files. They are obsolete, and nobody asks for them
      anymore. This is the first step to making v1 authorities obsolete.
    - Take out the TestVia config option, since it was a workaround for
      a bug that was fixed in Tor 0.1.1.21.
    - Mark RendNodes, RendExcludeNodes, HiddenServiceNodes, and
      HiddenServiceExcludeNodes as obsolete: they never worked properly,
      and nobody seems to be using them. Fixes bug 754. Bugfix on
      0.1.0.1-rc. Patch from Christian Wilms.
    - Remove all backward-compatibility code for relays running
      versions of Tor so old that they no longer work at all on the
      Tor network.
  o Code simplifications and refactoring:
    - Tool-assisted documentation cleanup. Nearly every function or
      static variable in Tor should have its own documentation now.
    - Rename the confusing or_is_obsolete field to the more appropriate
      is_bad_for_new_circs, and move it to or_connection_t where it
      belongs.
    - Move edge-only flags from connection_t to edge_connection_t: not
      only is this better coding, but on machines of plausible alignment,
      it should save 4-8 bytes per connection_t. "Every little bit helps."
    - Rename ServerDNSAllowBrokenResolvConf to ServerDNSAllowBrokenConfig
      for consistency; keep old option working for backward compatibility.
    - Simplify the code for finding connections to use for a circuit.
    - Revise the connection_new functions so that a more typesafe variant
      exists. This will work better with Coverity, and let us find any
      actual mistakes we're making here.
    - Refactor unit testing logic so that dmalloc can be used sensibly
      with unit tests to check for memory leaks.
    - Move all hidden-service related fields from connection and circuit
      structure to substructures: this way they won't eat so much memory.
    - Squeeze 2-5% out of client performance (according to oprofile) by
      improving the implementation of some policy-manipulation functions.
    - Change the implementation of ExcludeNodes and ExcludeExitNodes to
      be more efficient. Formerly it was quadratic in the number of
      servers; now it should be linear. Fixes bug 509.
    - Save 16-22 bytes per open circuit by moving the n_addr, n_port,
      and n_conn_id_digest fields into a separate structure that's
      only needed when the circuit has not yet attached to an n_conn.
    - Optimize out calls to time(NULL) that occur for every IO operation,
      or for every cell. On systems like Windows where time() is a
      slow syscall, this fix will be slightly helpful.

@_date: 2009-08-07 01:28:54
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor on iPhone / iPod touch 
A few people have managed to get Tor working on the iphone.  Right now,
you have to jailbreak your phone to get Tor on it.  However, we are
working on seeing how to get Tor onto phones without requiring the phone
to be jailbroken, and possibly via the App Store.
As of tor 0.2.0.30, configure supports "--enable-iphone" option.

@_date: 2009-08-07 10:56:33
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Libevent errors with running Tor on a virtual server 
: I'm running an entry-node on a virtual-server. I have usually a
This is your first problem, the virtual server probably doesn't have
enough tcp nor open files.
Also, how old is the libevent?
: Aug 07 10:44:33.383 [warn] Failing because we have 994 connections
: already. Please raise your ulimit -n. Have you tried raising ulimit?
This FAQ answer may guide you as well,

@_date: 2009-12-27 21:47:13
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: TOR and ISP 
: >      On the contrary, in the United States, all ISPs are *required* by
: > statute to record all URL requests that can be detected passing from their
: > customers through their equipment.
: : What statute requires this?
To re-iterate Seth's question, what specific statute requires this?
Is there evidence of the courts upholding such a statute for any reason?
Is there court-based evidence of such a thing on a mass scale?
This is quite the claim that I've never heard from any savvy civil,
legal, internet rights lawyer since the passing and renewal of the
patriot act.
I've heard of this via keylogger or other government developed spyware
when someone is under targeted surveillance as part of a larger case
against them.  mentions nothing about a requirement for all US ISPs and all their
customers.  It does mention targeted surveillance.  The recording of "non-content" information on a grand scale is what's
been proposed in some EU member states as part of the data retention
directive.

@_date: 2009-12-27 21:51:37
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Why Tor nodes based only on specific countries... 
: why tor nodes most of the time based on us,germany and korea?
: why not other countries like india, spain, italy, brazil etc...
Because bandwidth is cheap and plentiful in the first three countries.

@_date: 2009-12-27 21:55:17
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: TOR is for anonymization; so how to add encryption as well? 
: 1) is no one able to decrypt the tor's encryption?
Not that we know of.  Tor uses ephemeral keys for all encryption
exchanges.  If your adversary can crack the rsa encryption in under 10
minutes, nothing is going to help you.
: 2) how can i trust the person who runs the tor's exit node?
You don't.  By design, your tor client doesn't trust the tor network.
We routinely scan for misbehaving nodes, notify the operators, and/or
simply drop them off the network.  Otherwise, the vast majority of nodes
are run by people like you trying to help others and increase their own
anonymity by mixing their tor circuits with others.

@_date: 2009-12-03 18:13:03
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Google DNS 
: Google launched a free recursive DNS resolver service today:
: : : : It doesn't hijack NXDOMAIN or do any other sort of filtering. Just
: thought I would mention it as the topic of countries blocking DNS
: lookups or Exits using OpenDNS comes up every so often.
So far, it doesn't seem to restrict the number of queries per second per
host IP address.  I've been testing googdns from my non-exit node, since my local
provider intercepts NXDOMAIN.  It is very fast to respond.
I also like their stated data retention policy.  Recording nothing would
be better.
This is not an endorsement, but I like a fast, pure dns server versus
one that tries to protect me from the four horsement of the internet
apocalypse.  More testing remains.

@_date: 2009-12-27 21:59:08
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Vidalia Bundle and RSS in Thunderbird 3.0 
: feeds are polled (the new topics are displayed but not readable). I get
: an error saying that Tor is not an HTTP transport proxy or some such (I
Right, Tor is a socks proxy, not an http proxy.  You may have
mis-configured the proxy settings in thunderbird 3 to use localhost:9050
for the http and https protocols.  : Is this normal behavior? If so, why? This isn't covered in your online docs.
It is.  What may not be covered is Thunderbird 3 specifically, since
it's new and we rely upon volunteers to tell others how to configure
various programs.   And as you've discovered, tor tells you it isn't an
http proxy.

@_date: 2009-12-27 23:00:55
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Vidalia Bundle and RSS in Thunderbird 3.0 
> OK, now I'm confused. You say don't use :9050, but all your
Yes, you are confused.  Let me try to clarify.
Leave the http, https, ftp, ssl, gopher, whatever fields blank.  only
configure the socks field as "localhost:9050".  If thunderbird 3 has
proper socks support, it will only use the socks proxy on localhost,
port 9050 for access to the internet.
I haven't used thunderbird 3, so I may be completely off base.

@_date: 2009-12-28 13:18:15
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Vidalia Bundle and RSS in Thunderbird 3.0 
I'm going to create a vm and load up tb3 to see what issues arise.  It
may be that much like firefox, the tb socks support is lacking.
Yes, mail clients in general leak all sorts of data about you.
torbutton hasn't been kept up with thunderbird for a long time.  If
someone wants to write torbutton for thunderbird, or other clients,
we're willing to share our knowledge gained with firefox.  It may be
easier to write a scrubbing smtp proxy that can cleanse your emails
before being delivered to a mail server.

@_date: 2009-12-28 15:35:23
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Vidalia Bundle and RSS in Thunderbird 3.0 
I set this up and tested it.  The TB3 correctly used SOCKS
localhost:9050 as socks 5 just fine.  It leaked dns, but otherwise the
requests went over Tor.  The RSS poller has some weird timeout when a
feed can't be read via Tor.  However, TB3 just left the feed stale if it
couldn't be updated when tor circuits took longer than 2-3 minutes to
get the data.
As for mail, I could get imaps, pop3s to work over tor just fine.  There
were no exit nodes allowing smtp or s-smtp through their exit policies
when I was testing, so sending mail via tor didn't work (as expected).
Again, dns leaked locally.

@_date: 2009-12-28 16:15:01
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Vidalia Bundle and RSS in Thunderbird 3.0 
It depends if you want it updated every refresh.  Sometimes, tor doesn't
build a circuit fast enough for TB3, so TB3 gives up and moves on.  I
imagine overtime, you'll get your updates just fine.
Actually, no.  The default exit policy blocks smtp ports.  Sometimes,
you can find exit nodes that allow smtp.  These are times are typically
few and far between.
I intend to dig through the tb3 source code a bit to see if there's an
option for forcing dns resolution over the proxy.

@_date: 2009-12-29 09:32:16
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Testing Tor Browser Bundle 1.3, now with Firefox 3.5.6 
Now that torbutton 1.2.4 is released, we feel we've managed to contain
the anonymity and privacy issues with the Firefox 3.5.x series of
browsers.  We're working on the 3.6.x series now.
I've updated the tor browser bundle to include firefox 3.5.6 with
torbutton 1.2.4.  If there are no substantial bugs, I'll release it
before the end of the year.
Test builds are at
 and .asc
The bundle containing pidgin for instant messaging is at
 and .asc
The full changelog is:
upgrade Firefox to 3.5.6
update Pidgin to 2.6.4
update Torbutton to 1.2.4

@_date: 2009-12-29 16:38:45
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: New Article Up 
Have you seen   In particular, the
Building the Bundle bit,
 where we
document what's changed and why in the various files?  Someday I'll
write up a summary of all this for non-developers to read.
The prefs.js commit log may be helpful too,

@_date: 2009-12-29 21:28:00
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: New Article Up 
Great.  I like that you want to write about technical bits for a general
audience.  Most of Tor's documentation is in the code, in doxygen, or
written for developers.  We don't have enough cycles to write for a
general audience.
Feel free to ask for clarifications on confusing points.

@_date: 2009-12-29 22:55:20
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Vidalia Bundle and RSS in Thunderbird 3.0 
:      Does Thunderbird perchance have a way to set the timeout to a different
: value?
There appear to a few ways to set the timeout, unsure which one matters
for rss feed pulls over http over tor from TB3's perspective.
In the Config Editor, there is:
mailnews.tcptimeout set to 100
network.proxy.failover_timeout set to 1800
Changing these doesn't seem to matter too much.  I set them to 9000 and
there were still some test feeds that didn't load (blog.torproject.org
oddly enough).
: >> Hrm. So tor automatically blocks smtp connections by default and there
: >> is local leakage of DNS by TB3. Guess it's time to find a new mail
: >> client. ):
There is a config option named:
network.proxy.socks_remote_dns which is set to false by default.
Setting it to True does appear to work as intended.
And if you didn't catch it, the default Thunderbird Start Page (on
WinXP) is
When the socks proxy is set, this does go over tor correctly.
:      I thought that, pursuant to a discussion here last year or the year
: before, the default exit policy was changed to allow the smtps port.  Did
: that change not get made after all?
According to policies.c line 841:
 DEFAULT_EXIT_POLICY                                         \
  "reject *:25,reject *:119,reject *:135-139,reject *:445,"         \
  "reject *:563,reject *:1214,reject *:4661-4666,"                  \
  "reject *:6346-6429,reject *:6699,reject *:6881-6999,accept *:*"
it seems that tor does allow 465 by default.  Sorry for any confusion.
I should learn to RTFC first over my memory.
:      Does it have a way to choose SOCKS 4A instead of SOCKS 5?
It appears SOCKS 4 or 5 are the only options.  SOCKS 5 with the config
option network.proxy.socks_remote_dns set to true does work as intended.

@_date: 2009-12-30 19:59:26
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: trouble upgrading TOR, and question regarding situation in 
: When I try to install the new version of TOR I get the error message:
: : : C:\Program Files\Vidalia Bundle\Vidalia\vidalia.exe
The typical causes are:  1) Exit from a running Vidalia. 2) you don't
have permission (non-admin account). 3) out of disk space.
: Also, I had a question regarding a query of a friend. I showed him how
:to use TOR in orer to get access to Facebook in China and he says that
:no longer works. Is it impossible to use TOR in China at the moment,
:or would there be some way of fixing that?
China has been blocking the list of public relays by IP address since
September 25.  They appear to have updated the list of public relays
around December 24th.  Look into using bridges in China, tor still works
that way.

@_date: 2009-12-30 20:10:05
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Why governments fund TOR? 
: may i know why governmetns fund TOR. i read 49% funds coming from
: government. TOR is usually considered for passing government restriction
: by journalists and activists. so why should governments fund this?
Paul's already answered about how Tor and onion routing was started, so
I'll skip that bit.  Someone's already pointed you at the torusers page, so I'll skip that
Governments fund tor to:
- promote democracy
- protect their agents doing sting operations or investigations
- promote free speech where it doesn't exist
- protect whistleblowers
- provide freedom of access to an unfiltered internet
- protect their soldiers in hostile environments
- protect their employees identity while working online
People in governments use tor for the same reason you use it.

@_date: 2009-12-31 12:14:24
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Pidgin with TOR 
This depends upon which version of pidgin you have. It seems the 2.6
series relies on the GNOME proxy configuration variables, rather than
pidgin maintaining its own config.
In gnome, if you go to the System menu, and choose Preferences, do you
have a Network Proxy option?
Depending on what system you have, this may help:

@_date: 2009-12-07 12:00:42
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: US Customers: anyone helping me? 
If you look on Sun's website, that card is available outside the US too.
 I suspect the seller just doesn't want to be bothered with non-US buyers.

@_date: 2009-12-10 22:48:54
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: legislative problem in Slovakia 
> In September, the Slovak Ministry of Transport, Post and
What ever became of this?  We're hearing Poland is considering the same

@_date: 2009-12-16 09:13:09
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [OFF LIST] Re: attempt from Taiwan to connect to my privoxy port 
> And of course everyone knows the Chinese boogeymen are probing the
The terms I continue to hear from military organizations are "weaponized
icmp", "weaponized tcp", and "weaponized probing".
I don't really know how one can take an icmp packet and determine if
it's weaponized or innocent, but it's quite the dichotomy that's being
created.  Interestingly, most of these people don't think tor is
weaponized.  For whatever that means.

@_date: 2009-12-20 13:34:01
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Need help getting started 
This was a display issue with Torbutton.  In both Torbutton 1.2.2 and
Torbutton 1.2.3, it configures firefox to connect on localhost:8118.
Torbutton 1.2.2 had text that said "use privoxy", torbutton 1.2.3 has
text that says "use polipo".  In both cases, the result was the same.
Firefox was configured to use whichever http proxy was shipped on port 8118.
The tor browser bundles (aka the easy bundle) have always included polipo.
There was a bug with bundles that included vidalia 0.2.3 through 0.2.4
where polipo wouldn't start with the correct configuration file.  This
is fixed in vidalia 0.2.6 on osx and linux.  It's fixed in vidalia 0.2.5
on windows.
Rather than talking about some esoteric versions, use the latest
available bundle is generally the easiest advice.
As for the original poster, you never said what you downloaded and
installed, and if there are any errors in the Message Log.  With all
your anti-bad stuff software installed, most likely localhost is
firewalled off from everything. This breaks tor.

@_date: 2009-12-20 19:31:47
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Browser Bundle 1.3.0-dev test release 
With the release of torbutton 1.2.3, we can now support Firefox 3.5.x in
the tor browser bundle zero-install packages.
I've built test bundles and put them here,
 and
 for the
I'd appreciate constructive criticism or bugs.  I've tested it for a day
to catch leaks, changes to the firefox config (like private browsing
mode) and make sure integration with the bundle worked well.
The bundle still includes polipo as the workaround to Firefox SOCKS
layer issues.  As soon as Mozilla commits our patch and includes it in a
release, we'll stop including an http proxy.

@_date: 2009-12-21 00:24:25
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Talking w/local service CEOs [LJ, goog...] 
: With the concentration of 'social' companies headquartered
: on the west coast, how many others have been met with?
: And to good or not so good result?

@_date: 2009-12-02 23:45:01
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Exit archives 
: could you remind me please where to query the historical data of exit nodes' IPs?

@_date: 2009-12-22 20:48:20
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Firefox and Tor? Forget about it!! 
Torora and Dooble may be other options.
Or you could help Incognito switch to another base distro, such as
debian, and improve it.  Anonym has done a ton of work on incognito already.

@_date: 2009-07-09 00:11:32
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Running a Tor Server as a Tax Deduction? 
This question has come up before, as Brian Puccio mentioned, and comes
up again as The Tor Project is a real 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation.
   I'm not a tax attorney, nor CPA, nor accountant; therefore don't take
this as any sort of legal/tax advice. This topic is still under review
by Tor's legal advisors and accountants.  Consider this a quick overview.
There are two issues:
1) US FASB requirements for valuation of contributed services and if
they create or enhance an asset (for assets Tor can recognize in
financial statements).  One of the key points here is whether The Tor
Project would have to pay for the services versus rely on donations of
those services.
2) Legal risks to the Tor Project for having such assets recognized as
belonging to the Tor Project.
We (accountants and Tor) decided that for 2008, Tor would not pay to run
all of the relays.  The design of Tor and therefore the Tor network is
to rely on a decentralized model of informal volunteers to maintain the
The point of discussion is that Tor would be mostly useless if the
public Tor network didn't exist, so clearly this network could have some
value.  However, in order to recognize that value, the Tor Project would
have to record detailed information about every relay operator in order
to accept the contributed service as an asset, and give the donation
valuation to the relay operator.  This comes back into legal risks, and
reverts back to the privacy by design of the Tor software and Tor
network itself.
To help clarify what this could mean, here's an analogy:  Someone
donates a fully operational military tank to the Tor Project.  While we
suddenly have a tremendous asset on our hands (and financial
statements), we're beholden to all sorts of legal risks for owning and
operating a fully operational military tank as a private entity in the US.
We have the right to refuse donations in kind, and essentially we're
doing that with those of you running relays that make up the Tor
network.  We wholly appreciate your efforts (as do all of the Tor
users); it's just that we can't trade your volunteering for financial
gain on your end (through a tax deduction) at this time.
I realize this isn't the definitive answer of "yes or no" you want, but
it's the best I can offer right now as discussions progress.  The
decision can go either way, and I will keep you updated when a decision
is made, with the explanation.
This doesn't preclude direct donations in kind, such as hosting website
mirrors, our website itself, hosting archives, databases, website
design, graphics/artwork, etc.

@_date: 2009-07-09 10:46:05
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Yahoo Mail and Tor 
There are two reasons why we still ship old Privoxy versions:
A) The Privoxies after 3.06 have a local "web control interface"
which we believe is a security risk. We think that remote websites can
probably reconfigure your privoxy via that interface, maybe even without
your noticing.  If newer versions have the ability to disable this
interface, we can consider testing and subsequently including those with
our packages.
B) We're in the process of switching over to Polipo rather than Privoxy,
since it's smaller, simpler, and it does pipelining better.  You'll
notice that the Tor Browser Bundle we ship already includes Polipo.
Those two reasons combined mean we're leaving the Privoxy that we ship
on the old version.

@_date: 2009-07-09 12:11:06
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Yahoo Mail and Tor 
I'm trying to find the email thread, but until then, even with these
set, it was demonstrated someone can manipulate your privoxy config by
making your tor client pass strings from localhost.  Again, perhaps this
issue is resolved in current privoxy versions, but I haven't looked.
No, and this is the point.  Polipo is a simple caching http proxy.
Polipo does include the ability to filter traffic by regex, but this is
disabled in our bundles.  If Mozilla would fix at least one bug in the
SOCKS layer, we wouldn't need to ship an http proxy with our bundles at
all.  The bug being, Our goal is not to filter the Internet, but provide anonymity.  Tor
users are free to setup their own solutions if they want ad blocking,
clickjacking protection, etc.  Most people do this in the browser now
with plugins.  If you want to use privoxy, by all means, keep doing so.

@_date: 2009-07-09 12:41:43
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Directory Authority outside of the US and EU 
I'm researching where to host one or two Directory Authorities outside
the US and EU.
It's been suggested to me that Argentina, South Africa, Panama,
Singapore, Malaysia, and Japan are fine locales for a well-connected,
dedicated server.  I'm looking for a relatively low end dedicated server
that can transit 2-4 TB a month at relatively cheap prices (say
US$200/mo or less).
If you have experience and contacts at various providers, I'm all ears.

@_date: 2009-07-10 23:08:35
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: many new relays 
We have no reason to believe the Tor network is under attack.  The
simplest explanation is that all of the efforts to promote Tor in Iran
are resulting in a burst of new relays.
In the past, we'd consistently see bursts of new relays after major
press articles; such as stories on Slashdot.
The full directory archives will soon be available for all to do your
own analysis of the recent growth in the Tor network.

@_date: 2009-07-10 23:09:40
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: problem with connecting to a hidden service 
Which version of Tor are both ends running?  Try updating them to

@_date: 2009-07-12 23:50:03
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor 0.2.1.17-rc is out -- final release candidate? 
It may be a bit.  I have to resuscitate the machine that builds the
PowerPC-only binaries.

@_date: 2009-07-13 13:31:22
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: problem with connecting to a hidden service 
So long as your tor client can connect to the tor network, there is no
need to mess with firewalls, ports, or anything.

@_date: 2009-07-13 13:32:01
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: problem with connecting to a hidden service 
I should also add that your hidden service lighttpd default page works fine.

@_date: 2009-07-13 22:28:42
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: problem with connecting to a hidden service 
Actually, this was Kyle's claim.  Given how heavily I rely on my hidden
services for access, rather than trusting hostile networks, I'd love for
them to work flawlessly and fast.

@_date: 2009-07-13 22:29:31
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: problem with connecting to a hidden service 
You should open a bug report, rather than overflow everyone's mailbox on
or-talk.    Thanks!

@_date: 2009-07-13 22:31:59
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: List Archives 
Officially, there is Unofficially, there is
 at freehaven.net/info.html and

@_date: 2009-07-15 00:50:23
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Yahoo Mail and Tor 
The best thread I can find on this topic is
My memory of the details recalls that even with everything set to 0,
there was something that could enable the admin interface by referrer
spoofing, and then you've lost.
However, I can't find the details so, perhaps it's time to check out the
current versions of privoxy and re-evaluate.  I'd love to stop shipping
a powerpc-only privoxy with the osx bundles, at a minimum.

@_date: 2009-07-15 09:18:04
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Yahoo Mail and Tor 
>      Then you're remembering it from somewhere else because neither that
It's entirely possible I've crossed private and public communications in
my memory banks.  The second link in the email has an extra space in the
link, it should be:

@_date: 2009-07-23 07:59:55
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Bandwidth update. 
In short, yes Tor will automatically calculate your available bandwidth.
 If you do not wish to have tor consume 100% of your available
bandwidth, you can tell Tor how much to use.

@_date: 2009-07-23 20:13:27
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Torbutton logs URLs (OSX) 
Yes, I've noticed it too.  I reported it to Mr. Torbutton as well.  It
seems the plugin was left in a more verbose logging level than needed.

@_date: 2009-07-23 20:20:30
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Newbie needs help 
You may want to disable the logging from privoxy.  Have you read this:

@_date: 2009-07-24 01:38:00
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor packages for OS X powerpc and 10.3.9 uploaded 
Thanks to an anonymous donor for the working powerpc hardware, I was
able to make packages on OS X 10.3.9 (Panther) this evening.
They are available in the usual places, such as
Thanks for your patience.

@_date: 2009-07-24 08:50:14
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Newbie needs help 
My advice is to start over with Tor, and not use the rpms that come with
opensuse repositories.
You could stop/kill tor, uninstall the tor rpm you have now and remove
Download the opensuse rpm from  Install, and then "sudo /etc/init.d/tor start" and everything should
work by default with Tor.
If you have torbutton in firefox, click it to "Tor Enabled".  Privoxy
should already be running and then you can test check.torproject.org to
see if you're using tor successfully.

@_date: 2009-07-24 08:51:57
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: firefox sage add-on 
In my quick and non-thorough testing, it appears to honor the firefox
proxy configuration and use tor to grab the feeds. ymmv.

@_date: 2009-07-26 20:39:36
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor packages for OS X powerpc and 10.3.9 uploaded 
Do you get a crashlog you could upload to bugs.torproject.org?
I ran a client for a day without an issue.  I had curl pull a file over
tor repeatedly without issue.

@_date: 2009-07-28 12:09:12
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Torbutton for Mozilla Thunderbird 
Torbutton for thunderbird could be simply renamed to "switch proxy for
thunderbird".  It's unmaintained and unsafe to use.
Making a functional torbutton for thunderbird is a fine project if
someone wants to learn about extensions for thunderbird.

@_date: 2009-07-28 16:02:28
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor for PDA under Windows Mobile 6 
It does not exist that I know of.  You could possibly compile tor from
source for windows mobile.

@_date: 2009-07-28 16:03:40
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: what is best - speed or stability? 
I vote for stability.  25KB/s is great for IM and most low-bandwidth
traffic, like whois, ssh sessions, imaps/pop3s connections, etc.

@_date: 2009-07-28 16:08:36
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: What is the new records in my new tor? 
It shows you how far along Tor is to connecting to the Tor network.  I
think they're pretty self-explanatory.

@_date: 2009-07-29 13:52:22
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: archive.torproject.org is now live 
By popular request, we've created  It
serves as an archive of all released versions of Tor since 2004. And as
a repository of all relay descriptors and directory authority consensus
files published since 2006.
 if you
want more details.

@_date: 2009-07-29 13:53:52
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Two different hidden service on the same tor client 
I believe the first to publish its descriptor wins.

@_date: 2009-07-30 11:11:51
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Thanks for the inclusion... 
Thanks for the content.  I did strip out one bullet point, "* The CTO is
an asshat: ".  I wasn't sure that would help convince someone to use Tor. ;)

@_date: 2009-07-31 15:31:17
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: copyright abuse through tor 
You could ask the CCC for some guidance.  They have experience in these
matters in Germany.  Others on the list have also been through similar
The current answer is to look through the server descriptors file for
the month in question at
Good luck.

@_date: 2009-07-04 08:45:15
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Google and Tor 
GMail doesn't do this anymore.  You can sign up through Tor just fine.

@_date: 2009-07-04 08:53:30
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Safe destinations 
This is a fine use of exit policies.  If potential exit-node operators
feel this gives them safety and security, then they should do something
like this.  I may misjudge the popularity of a "safe list", but I don't
think you'll see it expand to a significant percentage of exit policies.
 However, I could be wrong.  The nice thing about the Tor network is
there is no central point policy control by design, so operators can do
what they feel is right for them.
Personally, I don't want to see the equivalent of the Internet Watch
Foundation extended to Tor.  What *I* consider safe is possibly very
different than others.  I use Tor to get open, unfiltered access to the
Internet; for good or bad.

@_date: 2009-07-04 09:05:31
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Installation fails on Mac 
It fails while attempting to start Firefox to automatically install
torbutton for you.  The rest of Tor, Privoxy, and Vidalia are installed
just fine.  And torbutton.xpi is probably in /Library/Torbutton, too.
In trying to make the whole install easier for the user, it made the
process more brittle.  Any one piece fails, and Apple considers the
whole installation a failure.
All of this installer nonsense will be replaced by a drag and drop
install in the Vidalia 0.2.x releases.

@_date: 2009-07-06 16:40:49
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: *Once again*...Exit node IP *not* showing up on TorCheck and 
This IP shows up as:
AntiVDS JiC1AwLB4RdItkOpClt9EssLCUM 0SeQf50QJSHTBlJoURme0LiMxdk
2009-07-06 03:01:44 78.53.96.30 9001 0
What was the exact time you saw the false negative on
I don't know what "TorCheck" is, so I'm possibly making a bad assumption
it's

@_date: 2009-07-06 16:47:18
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: tor-mirrors (mirrors of the Tor Project website) 
We're working on shrinking it in July.  Right now, dist and
torbrowser/dist contain every version of the software ever released.
While this archive is great for research and historical purposes, it
seems to encourage people to download older versions.
The goal is to have all versions that aren't current be stored at
archive.torproject.org.  We're also going to put the directory archives
from 2007 till now on this site as well.  I'm working on finding a place
that can store and serve 150GB of files.  If anyone has any suggestions,
I'm open to them (email me directly, not on list please).  In a perfect
world, someone will donate the space and bandwidth to us for years.
Thanks for your patience.

@_date: 2009-06-12 18:28:15
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: eliminating bogus port 43 exits 
> 3 - Further, there needs to be an understanding of what the traffic
I wasn't going to comment on this thread in general because I have
nothing new to add to the conversation.
However, I feel compelled to mention this  is possibly very bad advice
for those in the USA.  Our Legal FAQ clearly states this is probably
illegal; Until such a case determines it legal or not, some very savvy lawyers
recommend against doing exactly what you suggest.  If your lawyer
suggests otherwise, we're happy to talk to them.
"Should I snoop on the plaintext that exits through my Tor relay?
No. You may be technically capable of modifying the Tor source code or
installing additional software to monitor or log plaintext that exits
your node. However, Tor relay operators in the U.S. can create legal and
possibly even criminal liability for themselves under state or federal
wiretap laws if they affirmatively monitor, log, or disclose Tor users'
communications, while non-U.S. operators may be subject to similar laws.
Do not examine the contents of anyone's communications without first
talking to a lawyer."

@_date: 2009-06-13 09:47:48
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Bitblinder = Tor 2 
Let's clarify this a bit.  Bitblinder is the same Tor just with
micropayments and 1-hop proxies.  Diff the bitblinder source code with
ours, it's not substantially different.  It's not "tor 2".
I think it's an interesting test of some theories we've been thinking
about already (reducing the number of hops, everyone as a relay,
incentives to be a relay).  There are also risks to each one of these
that we need to research and develop more to understand how they affect
risks to the user and others on the public Tor network.
As for why it's faster, I suspect it's because no one uses it yet.  Wait
until a few hundred thousand people show up and start swapping huge
files over it.  The current Tor network was pretty quick until a year or
two ago.  When we had roughly the same number of nodes but only 50,000
to 100,000 daily users it was great.  Now we're at 300,00 to 500,000
daily users and suffering under the load.  We have a roadmap to make the
Tor network significantly faster, it just takes research and development
(and funding) to do it right.  Tor at the end of this roadmap could be
considered "Tor 2".
I, for one, would feel horrible if we rushed to release something under
the pressure of "make it faster" and exposed all those who rely on Tor
for its strong anonymity properties.  I use tor for 95% of my Internet
traffic, I understand the speed issues very well.

@_date: 2009-06-14 09:03:21
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: torrc placement w/o make install 
~/tor(version)/src/or -f /path/to/a/torrc  will work fine.
There's a ~/tor(version)/src/config/torrc.sample as well.

@_date: 2009-06-14 09:06:48
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Persistant SSL? 
You can't.  If the remote site doesn't support ssl/tls, then there is
nothing you can do.
This is ssl/tls between your client and their proxy server.  They can't
magically encrypt the internet, either.

@_date: 2009-06-19 14:19:02
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: (Solution.  Please read) Re: Help Iranian dissidents by collecting 
Other organizations have put TBB on a USB drive for their needs.  If you
 extract it and have it ready to go it works best. They should include
the source .exe and signature (and sha-1 hash fwiw).  So more
sophisticated users can verify it really is our TBB, not a trojaned TBB.
They should not include a text file of bridge addresses.  Especially if
you want each pen to have a different list.  That's a fine way to
enumerate all bridges for someone to block them faster.  If Tor works in
 country already, there's no need to force bridges.  Users can find
bridges through the Vidalia Help just fine.
Yes.  Vidalia, Torbutton, and TBB itself are translated into Farsi, see
Getting TBB into the hands of those who need it is a great idea;
publicizing this fact may only harm those same people.  Once it is known
the USB pen is more than just a camera, it becomes a larger risk to
being caught with it, and invites more scrutiny.  A fine way to find out
how fast the arms race can accelerate is to get lots of press and force
the other party into action.  (Of course, now we've said this in a
public forum broadcast to the world.)
I encourage you to talk to Channel One.  I'm also happy to help out.

@_date: 2009-06-24 15:32:25
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Help Iranian dissidents 
In general, we encourage people to work on these types of ports of Tor.
   We will work with you and help you turn this into a reality.
However, be aware that it takes work, research, and effort to get tor to
work correctly on these platforms.  I'm sure there are a list of
features "micro-environments" would need to have in Tor to make
everything work better.
We'd love to have the help and your experience in turning this into a
reality.  We have the beginnings of a certification program in place, so
an end-user/customer can tell if this is really tor, works with the
current tor network, is a solid design as good as Tor, or is complete
bunk and merely includes the Tor tarball to say "uses Tor!" for their
marketing purposes.
However, coming up with the idea, and then punting all of the next steps
to the Tor Project doesn't work too well.  I have a list of platforms
that people have stated, "If you can turn Tor into an appliance on
device X, we'll sell it for you and donate x% back to you quarterly."
These platforms include: fonera2, embedded linux variants, polar cloud's
tomato, sheevaplugs, bug lab's modules, openwrt, ddwrt, windows ce,
windows xp embedded, and the list goes on.
In conversations with the requesters, they want:
Step 1) Generate an idea.
Step 2) Wait for Tor Project to do the technical work.
Step 3) Profit!
If only it were that easy.

@_date: 2009-06-24 19:13:55
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Help Iranian dissidents 
Right.  Most of these people are successful businessmen, some are even
investors.  They know how the hardware business works, just hoping to
get us to do their engineering for free.  This is a fine business model
if you can get it to work.  ;)
This is great.  Thank you.

@_date: 2009-06-25 19:10:28
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: nanog tor talk 
And Steven Bellovin replied,
 and
started a new thread,

@_date: 2009-06-27 09:19:14
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: many new relays 
It means everyone is busy working on other things.  I encourage you to
do the analysis yourself.

@_date: 2009-06-03 11:15:57
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: silent tor crash 
:      Something else has turned up.  It appears that a tor.core file was left
: in /var/db/tor after the crash a few hours ago.  If that would be of any use
: to someone like Roger or Nick, I'd be happy to send it.  Or if it should be
: included in a bug report, then can be done, too.
Yes, a "bt" from gdb of the core file is a great thing to add to a bug

@_date: 2009-06-04 14:32:22
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: automatic abuse replies 
: Question: Is there a script to automatically reply to these mails with
: the proposed "I am running a tor relay" mail? Parsing the XML part
: should be fairly straight forward, I think. Would this be a good idea,
: anyway? How do you handle these mails? Any best practices?
First off, thanks for running a relay. I didn't script the responses,
because I had to put them into the ISP's web-based ticket system.
However, I literally took the DCMA template and replaced the words in []
with the title of the work and the copyright claimant.  awk/sed are fine
ways to do this as well. This template may not be valid in your country.
People have been creating a more generic response template at
99% of the time there was no response from the ISP abuse dept, they
simply closed the ticket.

@_date: 2009-06-04 15:36:41
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: google cookie 
: suspect many browser toolbars do this sort of thing. Google Chrome likely
: does it without any toolbars added on. IE? Firefox?  Anyone know?
Google Chrome is open source, so one could find out the facts of what it

@_date: 2009-06-10 10:47:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor bridge not generating any traffic 
I can connect to your IP:port combination for dirport just fine from
various places around the world.  You could add your bridge to your tor
client and see if it works.
Bridges generally don't get a lot of traffic.  Thanks for running one.
People who really need them do appreciate it.

@_date: 2009-05-27 10:04:23
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Out-of-date Tors (was Re: 25 tbreg relays in directory) 
: Has this been discussed with the Ubuntu packagers?  Is there a link to the
: discussion I can read...  I'm a user of Ubuntu and would be very interested
: in being able to update via apt (repository).
Yes, see this thread,
Or just read this message from Roger,

@_date: 2009-05-29 09:42:32
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: SQL injection 
: Because it isnt DMCA, but hack attack, is there any "template" for response?
If you're allowed to run Tor/proxy servers on your connection, I
generally have replied with a statement that this is a Tor node, the
first few paragraphs of the overview page, and then a link to the Tor
overview page.  Usually, if you simply explain that you run Tor and
offer to talk to them, that's enough.  The ISP generally doesn't care
enough, they just want to have a response to the person who complained,
and/or to close the ticket.
There used to be a page on the wiki that had some suggestions, but I
can't find it now.

@_date: 2009-05-06 00:36:10
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Vidalia start affected by ZoneAlarm 
Does zonealarm have log files that indicate what it is blocking?
Unless there is a way in Windows to specify dependencies on start, then
probably not.  You could always start vidalia manually.

@_date: 2009-05-06 00:38:01
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: two experiments I've done with relays, feedback welcome :) 
On Wed, 06 May 2009 09:04:45 +0200
Right, I understand the mechanics of it.  I'm pondering the tcp
implications for the transport layer of the communications.  Perhaps
there isn't any noticeable affect to the user nor the application.

@_date: 2009-05-06 00:40:35
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Nameserver messages on tor's logfile 
On Tue, 05 May 2009 22:26:22 +0200
It would be good if you could open a bug report and include gdb
bt output or debug logs around the crash.  Also, which version of
libevent are you running?

@_date: 2009-05-09 05:25:30
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Vidalia issue 
Is tor started by the system/run as a daemon?  And vidalia is trying to
attach to the existing Tor?

@_date: 2009-05-02 09:18:56
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: two experiments I've done with relays, feedback welcome :) 
Interesting.  I'm not sure I fully understand the ramifications to
people's tcp traffic in this scenario.
You might want to look at Tor ramdisk,

@_date: 2009-05-11 15:45:50
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Vidalia issue yet ANOTHER problem 
On Mon, 11 May 2009 14:29:09 -0400
 I DID alter the
This implies that tor is running at debug log level.  Unless you have a
very fast CPU and graphics card, Vidalia's Message Log isn't going to
keep up.
Optimally, you should remove your customized Tor config and simply let
Vidalia do all of the configuration for tor.  It sounds like you
already set or disabled control port authentication, which is why
vidalia can't set one.  The Vidalia configuration window for the
password defaults to "randomly generate", which is generally fine for
securing the control port.

@_date: 2009-05-13 07:33:58
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: A tor error message prior to crash 
Sorry you feel this way.  Bug 957 seems like an odd bug affecting some
specific configurations or operating systems.  This assumes you're
seeing the affects of bug 957 and not some new bug.  However, without
gdb and core output, we'll never know.

@_date: 2009-05-03 23:49:57
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: My tor exit node is gone from the node list? 
Well, the obvious issue is that I can't get a connection to your
ORPort.  Your dirport responds fine.

@_date: 2009-11-02 15:47:20
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Load external content? message seems inappropriate 
You might want to read the thread from when Roger forwarded your message
to the list:

@_date: 2009-11-20 23:51:37
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.10 released 
On November 20, we released an updated Tor Browser Bundle, version
1.2.10, which includes:
    * updated Vidalia to 0.2.6
    * updated Pidgin to 2.6.3
    * updated Tor to 0.2.1.20
    * updated Firefox to 3.0.15
    * updated OpenSSL to 0.9.8l
    * updated libevent to 1.4.13
You can download the updated version at

@_date: 2009-11-22 14:15:04
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Microsoft .NET Add-on 
: I noticed that on Windows, Microsoft .NET Framework Assistant Add-on
: is installed and enabled for all Firefox installation (portable or
: not), i.e. including the Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.10. Would this add-on
: be a security risk to anonymity?
It's not actually installed in the firefox that comes with the tor
browser bundles.  Firefox has some display issue where it looks in the
registry and displays all add-ons available.  If you go to the mozilla
test site for plugins, you'll see nothing works.

@_date: 2009-11-22 21:06:02
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: TLS Man-In-The-Middle Vulnerability 
: Would you mind releasing that updated version a.s.a.p. Tor doesn't work : here at all anymore
What errors do you see in the tor logs?

@_date: 2009-11-03 07:51:49
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Distribution of bridge information 
We already rate limit requests and what we serve from the bridge
database.  Captchas don't stop crawling, especially since it appears in
China's case, they have people doing the crawling, not scripts.

@_date: 2009-11-25 11:04:43
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: AN idea of non-public exit-nodes 
>> It's like a bridge, but for exits. They would probably have to be a lot
If I understand this correctly, you want an unpublished exit relay?
I believe the torrc option "PublishServerDescriptor 0" will do what you
If I'm misunderstanding, please correct me.

@_date: 2009-11-29 09:15:34
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: "The browser you're using refuses to sign in. (cookies rejected)" 
Look into the torrc option of TrackHostExits  to
stick with an exit node while using the site.
 for more details.

@_date: 2009-11-01 09:37:35
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor 0.2.1.19 on Ubuntu 9.10 
We don't have karmic packages yet. You can compile from source or wait
until we have the build infrastructure to support karmic.

@_date: 2009-11-01 23:41:02
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: OS X stable test package with Vidalia 0.2.6-svn 
A few people have reported having issues installing the latest -stable
into OS X.  The issue appears to be with the vidalia.conf and text
escaping with Qt.
I've built a test package which should fix this problem.  It would be
great if people can test this to confirm it works for them without issues.
You probably want to remove the existing Vidalia in /Applications and
move or remove ~/Library/Vidalia to get a fresh copy of everything
The package is:
with signature

@_date: 2009-11-13 06:57:07
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: all traffic through a VPN on top of tor, done! 
First off, read this,
Second, it sounds like you want to protect against a local attacker from
seeing your traffic.  If so, go to proxy.org, find an https:// or
vpn-based provider and enjoy your encrypted protection against your
local ISP seeing your destination.
If you actually want anonymity, then use Tor as is, for it's designed to
provide anonymity online by default.

@_date: 2009-11-13 07:25:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Testing Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.10 
Here's a test build of what will become Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.10,
 and
The changes are:
update Vidalia to 0.2.6
update Pidgin to 2.6.3
update Tor to 0.2.1.20
update Firefox to 3.0.15
There may be another test build once I get openssl 0.9.8l compiled

@_date: 2009-11-13 07:29:58
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor 0.2.2.4-alpha and 0.2.2.5-alpha are out 
Unsure why this would happen.  The shell script is there when I build
the rpm.

@_date: 2009-11-13 07:30:49
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Permission denied error, Tor exiting 
Did you change permissions on disk or change user accounts?

@_date: 2009-11-17 09:03:42
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Reduce hops when privacy level allows to save Tor network bandwidth 
People who don't want strong anonymity should use VPNS, single-hop proxy
providers, or setup an ssh tunnel somewhere.

@_date: 2009-11-17 21:07:14
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: private exit node 
: what is a private exit node? No idea.  Where did you hear about private exit nodes?

@_date: 2009-11-19 07:43:01
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Reduce hops when privacy level allows to save Tor network	bandwidth 
You are going to BMW asking them to include features from Ford, because
you personally like some features found in Ford trucks.  If only BMW
cars would include these features, then you'd buy a BMW and stop
complaining about the lack of Ford features.  This is the borderline
definition of trolling.
Until the research shows less than three hops is as safe as the current
three hops, we as the Tor Project are not changing the default number of
hops.  If you want simple circumvention without strong anonymity, there
are ten thousand or so open proxies in the world, which are free.  If
you want strong anonymity, use Tor.  The current research on anonymity
networks is conveniently collected for you at
Cypherpunks write code.  Feel free to write code so you can screw your
own anonymity with the speed and efficiency you claim to want.  Others
have already done this; some even got talks at blackhat or defcon for
changing a line of code or two.  Google search has your answers.

@_date: 2009-10-21 12:11:16
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Kaspersky wants to make Tor illegal 
The ITU has been working on IMPACT,
 for a few years.
It's latest document is hundreds of pages long about how everyone needs
to be tracked at all times for their safety, and possibly 3 sentences
about citizen privacy.
A difference may be that lots of people want to stop criminals, and have
the lobbying power to convince policymakers of their plans.  The people
standing up for our rights as defined by the UN HDR and various
constitutions aren't so organized nor as well funded.
I've been invited to attend the next IGF, but unfortunately cannot attend due to personal commitments.  There are
a number of others going to IGF09 who intend to speak up about online
privacy and anonymity.
Tor is a technical organization and maintains that privacy by design and
technology can route around these political issues.  However it behooves
us to stand up and be the opposition to the "track everyone online all
the time, just in case, for their own safety" mentality.  A surprising
number of people in various governments have only heard one side of the
argument and don't know that other viewpoints exist.

@_date: 2009-10-21 12:16:47
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Kaspersky wants to make Tor illegal and supports a globalized 
Yes, this has strayed enough off topic.  Kaspersky doesn't like online
anonymity, we get it.

@_date: 2009-10-29 17:13:53
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor WIN in germany :) 
Congratulations on proving your innocence; or conversely, not being
convicted of a crime (because we're innocent before proven guilty).
Not to detract from this, but it seems like you're accused of your IP
address conducting fraud, and through that, yourself conducting fraud.
Is it specifically because of Tor? Or if you ran any proxy software, or
were an unknowing participant in a botnet, would the charges be any
I'm trying to understand this distinction, because the German press has
a habit of misunderstanding the details and claiming Tor operators are
targeted by law enforcement.  The reality could be 500 computers were
confiscated and 5 were Tor exit nodes.  The press has only focused on
those 5 tor exit nodes claiming the existence of Tor is the reason for
the confiscation.  This is incorrect.
The real reason, at least explained to us to by law enforcement, is the
computers were targeted because they have a log file, a list of IPs, and
those who were assigned the IP at the time.  They head out to collect
all the computers at each address and don't know what to expect.
If your lawyer wishes to talk about these details in relation to the
press release, I'm happy to talk to him/them.
Still, congrats on your continued freedom.

@_date: 2009-10-04 11:30:20
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Some misc. exit node questions ... 
It's a page started to gather data about various ISPs.  I called a
number of ISPs and explicitly asked if it was ok to run an exit node as
a paying customer.
I suspect this is true because most users run a relay from their house.

@_date: 2009-10-04 11:31:59
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: arm, TorCtl, and FreeBSD 
Some of the ways arm tries to get the pid of the Tor process are linux
only.  Otherwise, arm works fine in the bsds.
If you co arm, you'll get torctl as well.

@_date: 2009-10-12 12:06:32
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor for Android 
No one that we know of has worked on Tor for symbian.  If people have
done this, let us know.

@_date: 2009-10-14 14:24:29
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Less OT: Here's a Solaris crypto acceleration branch to try. 
> Looks like he captured the call graph soon after he turned on his Tor.
Yes, the callgraph was to see what code pathways are called on startup
of my relay at the time.
I don't have enough CPU and memory to run a callgraph of an active server.

@_date: 2009-09-18 07:55:23
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor and Java 
Perhaps a better explanation is this Tor-Java list is for those wishing
to rewrite Tor in Java.  OnionCoffee was a proof of concept one could do
it.  The current release of OnionCoffee has many bugs and is out of date
with respect to the current Tor specs.
Once Tor is reimplemented in Java, the theory is that it becomes easier
to port to more operating systems and environments, like phones.

@_date: 2009-09-18 09:50:20
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor and Java 
We're going to continue to develop Tor in C.  Others want Tor in Java,
so we're happy to help them better understand the specifications and
explain decisions we've made along the way.

@_date: 2009-09-02 13:21:26
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Announcing the tor-relays mailing list 
After feedback from various relay operators, we've created the
tor-relays mailing list to allow for relevant conversations related to
the experiences of running a tor relay; whether an exit, non-exit, or a
Everyone is welcome to join the list and lurk, but actually running a
relay will help you to better understand the conversations.  We
encourage participation and sharing your experiences in handling the
various challenges that my arise; such as configuration, handling legal
notices, optimizing your relay, and scripts you may use to manage the relay.
Jacob and I will be acting as referees to keep discussions relevant.
You can subscribe to the list by emailing majordomo at seul.org with
"subscribe tor-relays".

@_date: 2009-09-02 21:31:42
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Major changes in OS X Vidalia Bundles with Tor 0.2.2.1-alpha release 
As highlighted in the 0.2.2.1-alpha release notes, the Vidalia Bundle
for OS X includes some major changes. Many of these are for ease of use
and user experience improvements. The release of OS X 10.6 (Snow
Leopard) gave me a fine excuse to release the improvements.
It's best to un-install Tor/Vidalia and then install this new bundle;
rather than upgrade. If you want to upgrade, you'll need to update the
paths for Tor and Polipo in the Vidalia Settings window.
There has been a lot of testing since this test release of the drag and
drop installer for OS X in January. The main goal was to make
installation far easier, less error prone, and keep all of the bundle in
a single directory for easier configuration and un-installation.
I also posted this to teh blog at

@_date: 2009-09-04 23:21:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor-ramdisk 20090821 released 
Is it possible that some future version could support dhcp for net config?
And while this is probably overkill, something like atagar's arm
( for the tor relay would be
neat in another virtual terminal.

@_date: 2009-09-10 10:51:01
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Why you need balls of steel to operate a Tor exit node 
: Posting actual complaints received, what you sent back, the results, etc.
: I don't see any reason not to post them.
: Anonymized/summarized as needed of course if you care about that.
: Operators and potential operators need to review these sorts of
: things to make their own decisions.
In general, these sorts of stories are the exception, not the norm.  I
ran an exit-node, and still do, for over 5 years.  I've had my share of
abuse complaints and dmca threat letters, but a simple response has
taken care of all that.  Posting the default Tor exit notice has stopped
all complaints lately;
Everyone remembers, and over-values, the exceptions.  Few focus on the
billions of bits served without an issue.  "Tor Exit Node operates
without issue!" doesn't make for headlines apparently.
We talk to law enforcement around the world to let them know what Tor
is, that they can also use it and get better anonymity online, what to
expect when encountering a tor exit node in their cases, and that we're
going to both answer their questions and help exit node operators caught
up in their cases.
Having law enforcement understand what Tor is beforehand may be the
difference between meeting a SWAT team at 4 am and getting a polite knock
on the door with some well-dressed officers asking some questions such
as, "We think your computer was involved in something illegal. What can
you tell us about it?"

@_date: 2009-09-11 22:01:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Browser Bundle update released 
Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.9 is released today. It updates Firefox and
Pidgin Instant Messaging client to address the security issues in the
older versions, and includes the latest and greatest Vidalia.
TBB can be downloaded from The details of the changes are:
* update Vidalia to 0.2.4
* update Qt to 4.5.2
* update Pidgin to 2.6.2
* update Firefox to 3.0.14

@_date: 2009-09-15 20:33:04
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Measure TOR server traffic 
Great.  Thanks for running a relay!
Yes.  In your $DataDir there is a "state" file.  It lists your reads and
writes over time.  You may want to look at dir-spec.txt to get more

@_date: 2009-09-15 23:05:02
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: New tor debs repo live 
We've moved the repository for our deb based packages to
deb.torproject.org.  Previously, this was at noreply.org.
You can find the updated signing key and instructions at
The debs at noreply.org will not be updated any more.
Please update your deb sources to reflect this change.

@_date: 2010-04-15 23:43:03
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: TOR Not Starting after upgrade 
: Apr 13 22:12:36.875 [Warning] Problem bootstrapping. Stuck at 5%:
: Connecting to directory server. (Socket is not connected [WSAENOTCONN
: ]; NOROUTE; count 1; recommendation warn)
It seems like your path to the directory authorities is blocked.  This
could be by local firewall or antivirus software, or something on the
network.  Do you have the same config file before and after the upgrade?

@_date: 2010-04-15 23:49:45
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: MacFUSE 
: Tor wouldn't work until, I reinstalled MacFUSE. Actually it is more accurate to say, "until it somehow reinstalled itself."
: Now, I'm not 100% sure of my memory in that regard as I couldn't open Vidalia/Tor first. I had to go through a True Crypt file first, but if memory serves me, the very first time I rid myself of MacFUSE, it was Tor that didn't work.
Truecrypt on os x needs macfuse to work.  If your tor/vidalia is
installed to the truecrypt volume, then you need truecrypt to work.  If
you remove macfuse, but not truecrypt, you have a broken truecrypt
installation.  If your truecrypt is broken, then you can't get to your
tor/vidalia app to run it.
See the dependencies there?

@_date: 2010-04-02 07:31:17
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Resend: fastestfox and too many connections 
Since this is a resend, clearly no one else knows, or if they do, they
aren't saying either way.
Were the circuits to destinations somewhat related to this 'fasterfox'?

@_date: 2010-04-17 21:05:06
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Consider traffic before setting AccountingStart in the middle 
Hans is correct.  If tor wasn't previously told to account for bytes
sent and received, it won't do so.

@_date: 2010-04-17 21:12:43
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [solved] Full bandwidth is not used. 
It appears to have been in the network, not just utilized to the
fullest.  We've been trying new things to rebalance and better utilize
the relays we have.  See the fine thread on tor-relays for the more
detailed discussion,

@_date: 2010-04-17 21:51:04
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Firefox configurations for tor with Mac ppc 
The firefox settings are the same across platforms.  It shouldn't matter
if it's a mac, windows, or gnu/linux.  torbutton and the prefs.js from
the torbrowser bundles should address them.
Again, I say "should" because we haven't spent much time analyzing os x.
 As we build the tor browser bundle for os x, we'll figure out which
prefs.js settings need to be changed.

@_date: 2010-04-17 21:52:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Eventdns: All name servers have failed 
The issue is generally a libevent problem, not specific to any one OS
that I can see.
I've worked around it by setting up a caching nameserver on localhost.

@_date: 2010-04-17 21:54:16
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: BadExit flag still needed for PrivacyNow... 
I think it's time for a baddns attribute, rather than solely bad exit.
The nxdomain test is fairly binary, either your local nameserver is
lying to you or not.
I may be misunderstanding the "using opendns with a misconfigured
account" statement.

@_date: 2010-04-20 22:02:13
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Yahoo pains 
This is yahoo's way of blocking bots, or what it thinks are bots.
Unfortunately, they don't give you a captcha to solve, they just want
you to go away.

@_date: 2010-04-28 10:50:40
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor-exit without any exit rejection policies 
First off, thanks for offering to run an exit node.  As for running with accept *:*, you'll quickly find lots of smtp spam complaints and your node listed on various block lists.  However, you may not care so much.
Some people have started a list of ISPs at

@_date: 2010-04-11 15:10:30
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Polipo and dnsUseGethostbyname - what is the best option and 
I believe you mean "The standard polipo configuration file for safely
using Tor".  The standard ubuntu polipo config doesn't use Tor.
In practice, with that config file, dns queries are passed to tor
directly for resolution, not being done by polipo nor the actual system
If you change the options, you should see polipo query your local dns
resolver either directly, or via gethostbyname.
I agree the config needs more clarity and to match an actual option as
specified in the info page.  I'll add it as a bug to research.
This is also the case for TBB, not necessarily so for non-tbb use cases.

@_date: 2010-08-17 21:58:38
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: $keyid of my server 
That's your keyid, or look for the log message on start:
[notice] Your Tor server's identity key fingerprint is
Or here,

@_date: 2010-08-17 23:11:10
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Project 2008 Tax Return Now Online 
On Mon, 16 Aug 2010 20:32:13 -0700
First off, your enthusiasm and questioning our decisions is great and
encouraged.  Will you help us?
Yes, this is by design.  For years we've been a boring R&D organization
working away in relative obscurity.  Only in the past year have we been
forced into the public spotlight.  First was the growing number of
Chinese citizens that found Tor circumvented the GFW just fine, and
protected their privacy when doing so.  Second was the Iranian protests
in June 2009.  We now answer the press questions, appear on tv/radio
shows, panels, and other Internet media.  There's an internal debate
over how much publicity is good versus harmful.  We've learned that keeping a relatively low profile continues to let us
work on the R&D, rather than writing policy papers and dealing with
bureaucracy.  Many other organizations are great at doing the latter
two. We're happy to subcontract from the latter types of organizations,
which lets us focus on R&D.
Yes, 2 years ago that was more money than we could handle.  It's taken
6-8 months to ramp up to handle more funding and to get everyone
productive.  This includes finding the right people, passing audits,
managing the workload, and getting infrastructure assembled so people
can do their jobs.  Conversely, think of all we've been able to accomplish with that
$500k.  As Paul mentioned later in this thread, we did.  Karen is awesome and
currently handling the fundraising, policy meetings, grant writing, and
marketing for us.  However, she's one person, she could use help.
We are self-limiting.  Too much growth, too fast, will kill us.
Bigger isn't always better.  We are a cash and project-based business.
By design, we take on slightly more than we can handle.  Think of a
startup versus a Fortune 50 company.  Like all startups, there is much
more to do than people to do it. That's fine, as it forces us to focus
on what's important.  We don't have an endowment to smooth out the
funding roller coaster.  All of our contracts can be cancelled at any
point in time. We either deliver or die.  R&D work is much different than writing policy statements, legal
opinions, and producing documentaries.  So far, the UN, IGF, and parts
of various governments don't understand what we say nor what we do.  I'm
happy to keep talking to them and work on something that works for both
organizations.  Education and training seems to be the common ground
where we speak the same language.
We've recently started attracting potential sponsors that want us to
stand up for anonymity in general.  Starting to counter the
surveillance by design mentality of the general populace is a different
focus for us.  Frankly, the EFF and ACLU may be better at this than us,
nevertheless discussions continue. I agree.  We're working with a surprising number of people in those
categories.  However, the vast majority of the world doesn't understand
how the Internet works, nevermind how Tor can help them.  Education is
a big deal which takes time and understanding.  I can't tell you how many times I've explained to victims of domestic
violence, child abuse, or human rights activists that organizing over
some social networking site is a horrible idea. There are many, many
good things that come out of social networking sites, but too many of
them are careless with private information or not clear in what is
collected, how it is collected, and how it is shared. This fact comes
back to bite people or groups in unexpected ways. In many cases, people
have lost their jobs, been arrested, or put their families and extended
networks at risk because of something on a social network site. I don't want people to use Tor because we told them to do so. I want
them to use Tor because they understand the risks and realize they need
it.  This is a very US/Canadian value.  There are plenty of countries out
there where the general population trusts and believes in their
governments.  The average Chinese citizen appreciates that their
government protects them from bad things on the Internet with the GFW.
However, they fear "human flesh search" or corporate espionage and want
protection.  The point is that the world is a complex place, and
privacy/anonymity mean different things to different cultures.  Trying
to figure this out is the challenge.
There are anonymity and security issues to iron out, a few of which
Paul addresses later in this thread.  We are talking to the ISPs and
cloud providers.  They are large organizations scared of change
and what others may think about them if someone does something bad with
Tor through their IP space.  Everyone focuses on the exceptions of bad
behavior over Tor, very few focus on the vast majority of traffic that
helps someone.  However, we have bridges, exit policies, and lots of
other technologies they could sponsor just as easily.  This is a long answer to your questions and suggestions.  However, I
encourage the debate.  Even more so, I encourage action to help us.

@_date: 2010-08-18 12:17:15
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Why does Gmail claim Tor IPs are located in one country when 
whois and RIPE agree with blutmagie.  Gmail is wrong.  Perhaps they use
different geoip databases.
If you look at your circuits, are you exiting from the UK or do you
have split circuits where some may be going to gstatic.com through
another place?

@_date: 2010-08-23 14:16:40
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: The team of PayPal is a band of pigs and cads! 
I think the answer here is more complex.  I've used tor's paypal-based
donation account through Tor without issue for years.  Possibly, Paypal
has a bot detection program looking for many users logging in from the
same IP address.  This is similar to what Google, Yahoo, and others have
done.  If you happen to exit from a popular exit node, Paypal flags you
as potentially compromised.  I've attempted to have conversations with Paypal to no avail.  Getting
an actual human to talk to you with a clue about their security
measures is incredibly difficult.  Just try asking them for their SSL
fingerprint because you're worried about phishing.  When I tried, I was
sent to their abuse dept who were thoroughly unhappy I was asking
"suspicious questions about ssl".

@_date: 2010-08-23 15:05:17
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: The team of PayPal is a band of pigs and cads! 
On Mon, 23 Aug 2010 18:52:17 +0000
They are correct,
Section 9.1, j.  Apparently they don't want you as a customer if you want to protect
yourself from unscrupulous marketing or local ISP surveillance.  I'll
start a conversation with them.  Thanks for bringing this up.

@_date: 2010-08-07 07:36:16
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Legal response to real abuse 
: Now personally, I think that what might be more likely to win you
: points with your ISP is to reiterate that these events are
: extremely rare in comparison to the number of requests and the amount
: of traffic that you carry. The overwhelming majority of people are
: using the service legitimately, and the incident rate is close to that
: of the normal Internet.
In the past, I've modified my exit policy to reject the specific IP
address and port in question to address the abuse complaint.  Shown the
modified exit policy snippet to the ISP's Abuse dept and considered the
specific abuse complaint solved. I've stated the reject line will be
removed in X months, assuming no other abuse complaints from the same IP
address owner.

@_date: 2010-08-24 10:56:09
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: The team of PayPal is a band of pigs and cads! 
On Mon, 23 Aug 2010 15:04:04 -0500
Tor provides anonymity, ssl provides content encryption in transit.  I
use Tor for everything because I generally don't trust the local
network to not inject ads, record my traffic, or otherwise modify my
traffic as it leaves my computer.  This is true for home, travel,
phones, etc.
I have no problem logging into a website I trust through Tor over ssl.
I am not my IP address, just like I am not my postal address.  IP
addresses are for routing, not for authentication.  It's up to me if I
want to let my bank see my real IP address, or if I want to show up
from the USA when in Thailand.  As for your comment about "pain to switch", use two browsers.  One for
your Tor-based activities, and one for non-Tor activities.

@_date: 2010-08-24 14:33:34
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: IP-tables and TOR 
For your specific question,
For the larger question of pushing traffic through tor:

@_date: 2010-08-01 18:27:47
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Could somebody comment that information? 
It's unclear.  The simplest explanation is this detainment and
interrogation are due to Jacob's volunteering with Wikileaks.  As far
as we know today, the US government still believes in anonymity.

@_date: 2010-08-10 00:11:01
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor notice 
: why in every Tor version (a/b/stable) there is "Do not rely on it for
: strong anonymity"? If not Tor, what should we use for strong
: anonymity? excluding Freenet and cryptography apps.
The challenge here is to define "strong anonymity".  A possible current
definition is a state of not being identifiable within an anonymity set.
This anonymity is considered strong if it is resistant to all known
attacks on anonymity.  I think Roger wrote that line in the source to simply remind people that
Tor has a defined threat model, given the anonymity research field
is still growing, and that low-latency anonymity is inherently open to
some attacks, tor is not strong anonymity.
Tor raises the bar for de-anonymizing you to many attacks on your
anonymity on the actual internet today.  This is a fine place to start
to understand what Tor does and does not provide,
Many other tools simply state they are anonymous, without mentioning any
of the R&D on current anonymity attacks, their success probabilities,
and design flaws. If you're interested in learning more about the
current state of the field of anonymity in research, start here;
All tools have design goals and threat models.  Many just don't clearly
state what these goals and threats are to the user, but brush it under
the rug as perfect anonymity, or some other hyperbole.  Disclaimer:  Roger, Nick, and Steven are the anonymity researchers,
their opinion overrules mine.

@_date: 2010-08-10 14:59:16
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor notice 
On Mon, 09 Aug 2010 22:35:50 -0600
Perhaps more relevant is this,

@_date: 2010-08-11 08:44:38
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Restricted Exit Policy Port Suggestions? 
: It's become clear that it is almost impossible to run an exit node
: with the default exit policy in the USA, due to bittorrent DMCA abuse
: spambots. I believe this means that we should try to come up with one
: or more standard, reduced exit policy sets that allow use of the
: majority of popular internet services without attracting bittorrent
: users and associated spam.
Giving in to the automated accusations of DMCA violations is a sad
statement on the contemporary Internet.  It seems the chilling effects
of the DMCA are so palpable, no one wants to fight back any more, not
users and not ISPs. See  for more analysis
and options on how to respond. Are there no ISPs/datacenters left in the
USA willing to defend the First Amendment of the US Constitution and the
user's legal protections under patent/trademark/copyright laws?
: 1. Low Abuse (above list, possibly minus 465, 587 and 563)
: 2. Medium Abuse (above list, plus IRC)
: 3. High Abuse (default exit policy)
I wouldn't call them varying levels of abuse, as the name alone implies
exiting Tor traffic generates abuse.  It doesn't.  Many exit nodes run
without incident for years.  We could probably better study/poll exit
node operators and ask how many abuse complaints or dmca notices they
receive over time to get more data on this topic.  And of course,
everyone forgets their Tor exit relay will transmit TB of normal traffic
without incident.

@_date: 2010-08-12 10:47:02
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: An asking concirning the TB 
Torbutton sets a common user agent to make all users look alike.   See
 for details.
Maybe Seth or Peter can answer this question based on the code logic
in panopticlick.

@_date: 2010-08-13 09:15:49
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Vulnerability in OpenSSL 1.0.x & Firefox 4 Silent Updates 
Unknown, the real bug seems to be explained here,
I'll let Nick or someone more familiar with openssl explain the risk
better. This is why we repeatedly say to stick with the firefox versions we
have analyzed.  New features aren't analyzed and/or mitigated with
torbutton yet.  Something like this should be caught and stopped by
future versions of torbutton.  We've only analyzed the Firefox 3.5.x codebase.  3.6 is next, or maybe
we just skip and go to 4.x.  There is exactly one person working on
this, so if people want faster updates to torbutton, more help is

@_date: 2010-08-14 17:04:26
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Project 2008 Tax Return Now Online 
In fact, these documents are already public.  They are available through
us on request, as required by US tax laws. Or, generally through
GuideStar or Charity Navigator.  There's nothing secret here,
it's all public.  Every 501c3 has to file these every year.
Tor develops in public, meets in public, and is generally approachable
for questions, comments, or concerns.  We specifically chose to be a
501c3 for the transparency factor.  We could easily have been a
for-profit entity with many willing investors to create black box
software.  We believe in the right to online anonymity and
developing and improving it with Tor.  The adversaries to online
anonymity are vastly better funded to the tune of trillions of dollars,
and in some cases, can tax their populace to better oppress them.  There are two points in that statement.  First, we've repeatedly stated
that you should evaluate our designs, the code, and to verify the
binaries we produce. Second, many organizations want anonymity online.
These organizations need Tor and/or our advice to accomplish their
goals. Our examples of Tor users gives you an idea of who wants their
anonymity online, We will accept funding from people who understand our mission, our
goals, and generally our research and development model of progress. We
don't take funding we don't feel comfortable handling.  We generally
work along two paths at once:
1) Research, attack, and improve the Tor design.  Low-latency anonymity
and the general field of anonymous Internet communications are still
relatively young.  Research into these fields takes anywhere from 3
to 10 years to solidify designs, develop attacks, and then develop
defenses to attacks;
2) Turn the research into code.  Improving the codebase and
the growing number of accessory programs for Tor is a growing
challenge. We have a live Tor network that is used by half a million
people a day.  We want to make sure that Tor works for those putting
their life on the line.  Therefore, we must make sure Tor is the
strongest we can make it to provide anonymity online.
The US and European Governments are large entities. They feed people,
protect citizens, save lives, make bombs, and get involved in wars.
They do not speak with one voice and one mission. For all of the people
who publicly state anonymity should disappear, there are just as many
who want to see anonymity strengthened. We are finishing up the 2009 audits and filings this month.  We will
announce our first ever annual report soon, and post the 2007 through
2009 IRS 990 forms, financial statements, and reviews.  This is what
you want to watch for progress on this front,
The best way we know to combat conspiracy theories and cranks is for the
organization to be as transparent as possible.  We hope you'll join us in protecting, providing, and strengthening
anonymity online.

@_date: 2010-08-14 19:55:38
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Project 2008 Tax Return Now Online 
Last I checked, France and the Netherlands aren't under US Government
rule.  Internews Europe is different from Internews, and funded
completely differently.

@_date: 2010-08-14 20:42:55
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Selecting an Exit Server By State? 
No, we don't ship with that level of resolution, just IP to country.

@_date: 2010-12-18 07:39:56
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Portable Tor error message 
: When I start up Portable Tor I get the following message;
: Qt: Session management error: None of the authentication protocols
: specified are supported
Is this tor browser bundle or the actual portable tor?

@_date: 2010-12-02 20:58:48
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor 0.2.2.19-alpha is out 
On Tue, 30 Nov 2010 16:25:25 +0000
This is correct.
This is correct.
If you gpg --list-sigs 0x886DDD89  You can see who signed the key.  It
is a role key that the packagers use to sign the builds, rather than
using their own personal keys.  It is up to you if you trust the key
and those who signed it implying validity.

@_date: 2010-12-20 20:19:05
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: signature of Tor release 
: again. I noticed that the signature of Tor release was changed from
: 0x31B0974B, "Andrew Lewman (phobos) " to 0x63FEE659,
: "Erinn Clark ". Is it correct? Was there any announcement?
It is correct.  We switched around a year ago.  The verifying signatures
page lists who typically signs what,
And you'll notice I've signed the main key, 0x63FEE659.

@_date: 2010-12-21 09:08:10
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: tor is blocked in china 
: Could someone confirm that tor has been defeated in china? I mean
: running tor natively, not "capped" or through another proxy.
The Chinese GFW team has been actively blocking all public relays since
the 60th Anniversary of the CCP in Sept 2009.  In March 2010, the GFW
admins ramped up and crawled all of bridges.torproject website and flooded
requests to bridges at torproject from around 6000 unique gmail accounts.
We've been re-balancing the various bridge pools to create more churn so
the GFW admins have to keep crawling in order to block the public
bridges.  We released a batch of bridges via social networking sites in
China mid-summer and those bridges are working fine.  New bridges seem to be blocked within 1-2 weeks.  We are working on a
number of things to improve the availability of tor in China.  In the
arms race of censor vs. circumvention, China's GFW is the furthest
along at Step 3 (attempt to block the bridges).  We are trying to have
this arms race as slow as possible.  One of the problems with the bridge
solution right now is that there are so few of them.  See
 for the current count of
bridges in the top graph. Many users in China are using vpns and other insecure proxies, and then
using tor over those technologies to protect their traffic and browsing.
Fluffybunny vpn, hot spot shield, and others are popular right now.  We want to roll out a better bridge design that makes it vastly more
expensive to try to block. The research and development on this step has
been underway for a while. Other projects to simply increase the
quantity of bridges are the Torouter [1] and bridge-bundle [2] plans we're
working on towards a March 2011 release.

@_date: 2010-12-24 00:19:36
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Polipo and privoxy needed? 
: I just upgraded my Tor setup with the Browser Bundle.  It runs fine but
: I noticed that I have privoxy and polipo still on my system from the old
: setup.
: : Can I delete them?
If you are using TBB, then yes, you can remove privoxy/polipo installed
on your system.

@_date: 2010-12-24 00:23:18
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor VM stalled at 25% 
: From the tor site.  It is Ubuntu.  Is there another out there or do we all have to roll out own?
Where specifically?

@_date: 2010-12-27 11:06:21
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Help with JanusVM? 
: anyone have this happen? suddenly I get no more mail from or-talk and any emails I send or post don't go to or-talk nor are they sent back to me as undeliverable?
You could send a mail to or-talk-admin with your old email address to
find out what happened.

@_date: 2010-12-27 11:17:09
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: tor is blocked in china 
: Bridge :
:  cannot be present. I hear that it's because fingerprint
: checking is blocked.
You heard wrong.  We disabled the fingerprint requirement for bridges.
It is still good practice to include the fingerprint. I think this was
in 0.2.0.19 in 2008.

@_date: 2010-12-27 11:20:36
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Why NOT send UDP over tor? 
: Subject says it all.  Why is only TCP sent over tor and not UDP?  Why not simply suck up and send ALL net traffic, regardless of type, through tor so there can be no anonymity violations?
The short answer is it needs research and coding to do correctly.  The
long answer is in here,

@_date: 2010-12-29 07:56:12
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor & Email? 
: Keep in mind that google does not allow new accounts to be
: created via Tor. Unless you are willing to give up your phone
This is false.  I just created a gmail account via tor without needing a
phone number or any other information.
Frequently, google's
anti-ddos/spam/too-many-creations-from-a-single-ip-address detector
is tripped for tor exit nodes and requires other information.  We've generally suggested gmail because their bulk account creation
process was good.  It seems this is not the case any more.

@_date: 2010-12-29 07:59:21
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Looking for updated debian sqeeze packages of Tor 0.2.1.28 
: I am looking for updated debian sqeeze packages. Currently only Tor 0.2.1.26 : packages seems to be available. Any ideas where to find the 0.2.1.28 packages?
It is updated in squeeze, labelled as 0.2.1.26-6.  See
for the applied changes.

@_date: 2010-12-29 14:11:22
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor & Email? 
On Wed, 29 Dec 2010 14:02:34 -0500
Gmail used to have the ability to stop bots from creating accounts en
masse.  gmail doesn't have this ability any more.
As in around 08:45 AM EST. I didn't look to see which exit, it just
worked, just a captcha required.

@_date: 2010-12-31 07:51:54
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Downloading files? 
: Is there a recommended way for downloading files while using Tor?  Isn't
: there some program called Amnesia or some similar thing?
There is no recommended way to download files through Tor.  Normally,
one simply uses firefox in tbb or 'usewithtor' for wget, links, etc.

@_date: 2010-12-31 07:55:46
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: BDS VPNs hosting 
: Anyway my host provider ( seems unhappy hosting a
If their terms of service forbids anonymous proxies or any proxies, then
they have the legal right to enforce their contract.  Perhaps you've
found this already,

@_date: 2010-12-31 07:56:51
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: https errors 
: The majority of time i try to submit info over https, i get this message:
: An error occurred during a connection to ansar1.info.
: Peer reports incompatible or unsupported protocol version.
: (Error code: ssl_error_protocol_version_alert)
What browser configuration?  what exit relay at the time you are trying
to submit?

@_date: 2010-12-31 08:29:05
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: BDS VPNs hosting 
: ... they allow me to run Tor proxy. So, good for me and Tor network!
: For the moment I will stay will them.
Great.  Be aware that rootbsd.net appears to be using SoftLayer for
their infrastructure.  Lately, softlayer has decided one complaint
(abuse or dmca) is one too many and threatens to kick people of
their network.

@_date: 2010-12-31 11:25:14
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Downloading files? 
: When I've tried to download, when using Tor, Tor pops up some message
: and says something like "this could unmask you....use Amnesia LiveCd" That sounds like the torbutton download intercept for firefox.  It
should ask you if you want to launch the application or cancel.  In most
cases, launching the application opens the firefox download prompt.  In
some cases, it will launch the application directly.  It depends how
your browser is configured with mime types and the like.

@_date: 2010-12-31 11:26:12
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: BDS VPNs hosting 
: Yes Anders, I know. I've been involved in web host industry (as a
: sysadmin and Security Officer) the last three years. I know a lot
: about this business. They (web hosting providers) appreciate a lot
: when the costumer offers good attitude and collaboration, as my case
: is.
Do you have advice on how to better approach an ISP from the start? Say,
if I wanted to find a host to run an exit node?

@_date: 2010-12-31 17:10:48
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Key length and PK algorithm of TOR 
: 1) is there a specific reason why TOR does use RSA with
: a keylength of only 1024 Bit?
Start here, : 2) is there a specific reason why TOR does not use ECC,
: which is more secure (with reasonable curve parameters and same
: key length like RSA) *and* uses less or, depending on the
: ECC algorithm, at least not significantly more CPU cycles than RSA?
A quick answer is most ECC implementations we may want use are patent
encumbered.  However, Nick or Roger will have a better answer.

@_date: 2010-02-12 08:00:44
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: TOR Blocked at Universities 
Welcome to China or Burma.  The public list of Tor relays are blocked,
so they have to use non-public relays (bridges) to connect to Tor.  This
appears to be your situation as well.
If Auburn's network admins want to talk about their issues, I'm happy to
talk to them.  I bet with a high probability that by blocking Tor exit
nodes, the attacks didn't go away.  Now they just originate from other
IPs (zombie computers/botnets, open proxies, etc).  Blocking tor clients
outbound seems overkill to me.

@_date: 2010-02-12 22:20:35
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Torbutton : please offer better user agent choices 
: This has already been discussed previously, I was moving on to ask if
: this feature could be added, not debated.
The simple answer right now is no.  There is exactly one person working
on torbutton.  There is also one GSoC-student who has a degree to finish
and hacks on torbutton in their spare time.  Giving users the ability to
partition themselves at will isn't something we want to do.
: real reason behind not adding this functionality is the fear the
: user will stand out from other tor users (a statement I don't believe)
If you have research and results to the contrary, we'll seriously
consider it.
: "Then uncheck the option and set your own user agent."
: : Where, in Torbutton, may I do this? I assume you're referring here
: to modifying the Proxy user agent string setting (which does not survive SSL)
: or blindly trusting another addon which may or may not have issues with
: Tor.
I'm referring to the ability in Torbutton preferences "Security
Settings, Headers tab" to uncheck "Set user agent for Tor usage
(crucial)".  You can then set whatever you want via about:config or your
favorite extension.
: "If you want to partition yourself, by all means, do so."
: : IMO, Torbutton usera partition themselves if they use one old, rarely updated
: user agent string. By using this oudated user agent string, they stand out
: as likely Tor users without checking whether or not they are using an exit node.
: I would argue users are being treated like cattle and branded with this old
: user agent on purpose so they do stand out that much further as Tor users.
We do not hide the fact that you are using a Tor exit node.  It's trivial for
someone to correlate the IP address of the exit node with that of your
traffic.  In fact, we make it very easy to do so with the exit list
service,    Therefore, you should assume
the service already knows you are a tor user.  If they want to learn
which of the 4 million tor users you are, they need to start looking for
individual parameters that make you unique.  User agent is one of these
I've recently had conversations with some activists in Europe who want
to run unpublished exit nodes (meaning they set PublishServerDescriptor
0 in their torrc).  Of course, one risk is the only people using this
unlisted exit node are those in the social graph of the activists.
: I argue, if the Torbutton author's main concern was this, other so called
: dangerous options would not exist because the user could make the mistake
: and choose different options and thus risk privacy or security issues in
: his/her Tor session. I call upon the Torbutton author to consider adding
Mike has already responded to this once, but it's his choice if he wants
to respond again.
: I call for this feature to be added to Torbutton, I don't believe
: the "blending" statement is entirely true when the larger picture
: is examined.
Anonymity loves company, how big is your crowd?  It's a fine research

@_date: 2010-02-12 23:45:52
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Google cookies 
: I just noticed that on closing a Firefox session, google cookies are not
: removed. I have to toggle Tor to remove them. Is this normal?
Do you mean toggle torbutton?  It depends what you have told torbutton
to do or how you have setup firefox to manage cookies.

@_date: 2010-02-02 10:02:37
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: ExcludeNodes setting bypassed when using bridges! Has Tor become 
Yes,  We're still working on it.  In fact, we're working on rewriting the
entire codebase around {Exclude}{Entry|Exit}Nodes options.

@_date: 2010-02-02 10:09:38
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Torbutton : please offer better user agent choices 
Then uncheck the option and set your own user agent.  There are other
options to control your user agent, feel free to use those.  If you want
to partition yourself, by all means, do so.
The reason we don't provide more user agents is to make everyone look
like one user.

@_date: 2010-02-15 20:44:46
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: launch external application warning 
: attempt sometimes pops up a warning message that a "NOT Tor safe" external
: application must be launched.  Other times, the warning does not appear.  I
: can't distinguish any pattern as to when the warning does or does not
Odd.  What's popping up the message?  Pidgin or firefox?
: appear.  There's a different launch problem in Pidgin.  If you click on the
: "Authenticate" link to authenticate the other party for a private
: conversation, Internet Explorer gets launched without warning (this doesn't
: happen if instead you use OTR from the menu).  Also, the file transfer
This is a UI problem with either otr or pidgin.  Naturally you think
clikcing "Authenticate" means you want to authenticate the user.  What
it really means is that pidgin tries to load your default browser to go
to the otr website to explain what "authenticate" means, like a help
: sometimes completes, and sometimes you get a message saying that one side or
: the other cancelled the transfer (even though that didn't happen); whether
: the transfer is cancelled seems independent of the file size.
You have to watch the circuits to see if they timeout.  I suspect
there's some internal timer for proxied connections expiring and
assuming the other end went away.

@_date: 2010-02-16 07:38:18
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Problem with Tor 0.2.1.23....not managed to confirm that its 
: [warn] TLS error: unexpected close while renegotiating
This means your openssl disabled renegotiation. Which is odd because my
debian doesn't have this problem.
When Tor starts up, there should be a log entry about openssl version,
what does yours say?

@_date: 2010-02-19 10:59:06
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: What version FF for Mac 10.5.2 ppc 
3.0.18 was just released, otherwise, sure sounds good.

@_date: 2010-02-19 11:00:57
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor in China 
The best person to answer this is Karsten, and he's currently traveling.
  We await his answer.

@_date: 2010-02-19 20:32:55
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: why polipo? 
The first question is, "why a http proxy at all?"
The answer is, because Firefox SOCKS layer has hard-coded timeouts, and
other issues, Personally, I don't use an http proxy, I simply let my browser talk to
tor via socks directly.  The user experience sucks, because you'll
receive untold numbers of "The connection has timed out" warnings,
because firefox won't wait for Tor to build a circuit.  Chrome, Safari,
and Arora (amongst others) don't have this problem.
Once Firefox fixes bug 280661, we don't need a http proxy at all.
However, given the current pace of progress on 280661, we may switch to
Chrome before the fix occurs.
The second question is, "why switch from privoxy to polipo?"
Privoxy is fine filtering software that works well for what is it
intended to do.  However, it's user experience is lacking due to it
lacking a few features, namely, http 1.1 pipelining, caching most
requested objects, and it needs to see the entire page to parse it,
before sending it on to the browser.  Lack of these three features is
the reason we switched from privoxy to polipo.
We've received plenty of feedback that browsing with polipo in place of
privoxy "feels faster".  The feedback indicates that because polipo
streams the content to the browser for rendering nearly as fast as it
receives it from Tor, the user understands what's going on and will
start to read the web page as it loads.  Privoxy, necesarily, will load
the entire page, parse it for items to be filtered, and then send the
page on to the browser.  The user experience, especially on a slow
circuit, is that nothing happens, the browser activity icon spins
forever, and suddenly a page appears many, many seconds later.
If Tor was vastly faster, privoxy's mode of operation wouldn't matter.
We're working on making Tor faster.  However, purposely showing the user
how slow tor can be with privoxy was a huge point of complaint, and not
what we intended to do.
Does polipo have some bugs?  Sure.  Chrisd primarily, among others, is
working on fixing them.  At the current rate of progress on firefox bug
280661, we'll have polipo fixed before mozilla releases the SOCKS layer
fix.  Chrisd even wrote Mozilla a patch and submitted it on the bug.
The final point is that this is all free software.  You are in control.
 If you don't like polipo, but do like privoxy, then don't install
polipo and use privoxy.
The power of choice is yours.

@_date: 2010-02-19 20:49:46
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: launch external application warning 
I agree on the risks.  I'll hack at this a bit and see if I can figure
it out.

@_date: 2010-02-20 15:47:22
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: why polipo? 
Should you switch?  I cannot answer that.
How to switch?  I can answer that at a high-level.
Install privoxy from  reconfigure Vidalia to not
start a http proxy, and configure privoxy to point at tor as a socks server.
Search engines should be able to find you many walkthrough in far
greater detail than that.

@_date: 2010-02-20 16:02:24
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: why polipo? 
I should clarify that by Chrome, I really mean Chromium, the free and
open source version of Chrome; We'd like to stop eviscerating Firefox with Torbutton.  Rather, we could
integrate torbutton functionality into private/incognito browsing mode.
 Chromium is relatively new, and we're working with the team to
implement the APIs necessary to integration of a truly anonymous/private
browsing mode.
We'd also like to work with Mozilla on the same pathway, but so far we
haven't made the right connections in the organization to have this happen.

@_date: 2010-02-20 16:15:14
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: why polipo? 
No, we don't build our own Firefox yet.  I've been resisting adding
"Tor's firefox" to the list of software we maintain and build every
release.  However, yes it may become worthwhile to build our own
Firefox, and integrate Chrisd's patch.
I have mixed feelings as well.   Chromium/chrome has a nice sandboxing
model, is very fast at rendering, and in general is a nice browser.
It's new enough that by implementing some api's for us, we can integrate
torbutton functionality into it far easier than the current reverse
engineering we have to do with firefox.
Alternatives could be like torfox and torora, where you just build the
browser from the start with Tor in mind.

@_date: 2010-02-20 16:57:20
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: why polipo? 
This is why the Tor Browser Bundle exists,
  It's self-contained and
pre-configured. Just download, extract, and run.  There's no
configuration needed.

@_date: 2010-02-03 15:58:17
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Firefox woes with .onion and proxies 
: A while back I setup a second firefox profile just for tor, and recently
: installed torbutton instead of "leaving it naked". Now I am quite unamused.
: : Now I fire up firefox. If I use torbutton in default config, I can get to
: google, verify that my IP is not my own etc. If I go to vidalia and select a
: new identity, I get a new IP and usually, google in a new language. Awesome.
: Now, I put in my onion address.... and firefox dutifully adds a "
: before it, and immediately times out.
Firefox shouldn't be adding a www.  Do you type in
 or just onionaddress.onion? Which version
of firefox?
What messages appear in the tor client logfile while this is occurring?
It's possible your tor client doesn't have a path to the hidden service
: Then I go into the torbutton config. I turn off all proxies except the socks
: proxy on 9050. Now I can browse the web AND connect to my hidden service.
: However, after a few requests, firefox starts reporting that the URL being
: loaded is of a bin type and needs to be handled by an external program. I
: allow it, and it brings up the download manager, with no new file listed but
: "all downloads completed". This persists until I restart firefox.
This seems like a problem with the remote server and a mime type config.
I've also seen the problem with non-hidden services when the circuit is
dropped midway through a transfer of the files.

@_date: 2010-02-03 16:00:09
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor 0.2.2.8-alpha is out 
: (There aren't any Windows packages yet though. No idea when they'll
: be ready. We've decided to start announcing development releases not
: long after they're tagged, rather than waiting for all the packages to
: be ready.)
This is because I'm having issues building tor in mingw against openssl.
It'll be at least a week before I can get back to the build machine and
do some more debugging.

@_date: 2010-02-27 09:01:56
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor v0.2.1.23 dose not work in my windowsXP box and Tor v0.2.1.24 
Which ISP blocked Tor?  I found the "free public wifi" sponsored by the
HK government did a fine job of blocking the public tor relays, but most
bridges worked.  They also seemed to mess with ssl in general, which
also made tor, https, vpns, and ssh tunnels sad.
And running at debug loglevel seems overkill when notice level logs tell
you what's going on just fine.

@_date: 2010-02-27 09:04:56
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Exclude... options and what about Tor v multi-hop proxies? 
Last I checked, none of these are built on top of Tor at all.  They may
ship the tor source code to claim some relevance to Tor, but in fact,
use ssh tunnels or https squid proxies rather than tor to transport your
The FAQ you linked to on the wiki is world-writable.  Feel free to
update it with your own results.

@_date: 2010-02-03 16:39:14
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor 0.2.2.8-alpha is out 
: I could give it a go, if you wouldn't mind writing down the
: instructions for building tor in mingw against openssl.
Conveniently, they're online, and in git:
My next steps were to clean up mingw, snapshot my vm, start with a clean
win32 setup, and compile openssl 0.9.8l from source following those
directions and then do the rest.

@_date: 2010-02-27 15:48:28
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Exclude... options and what about Tor v multi-hop proxies? 
I tested perfect privacy in 2009, it never used tor.  It was ssh tunnels
and openvpn connections, with some other option for http connect through
a squid proxy.  Perhaps the company runs tor relays on their servers for
cover traffic, or perhaps someone else runs these relays.
Their faq never mentions tor either,
The wiki is written by volunteers, people like you.  If you don't
understand the wording, or dislike the detail, feel free to change it.
We don't compare ourselves to individual solutions because we're not in
competition with them.  There are literally thousands of "online
privacy" providers, sometimes called web proxies, sometimes vpns, and
sometimes ssh tunnels.  There are other websites, such as proxy.org,
that do a fine job of comparing the top solutions.
We do research and development into online privacy and anonymity.  Our
goal is to solve the hard problems that exist in the field today and
will exist in the near future.
We compare ourselves to the general class of single-hop proxies (ssh,
vpn, http/https proxies) so users can understand the security and
anonymity properties that are different.  If someone wants to figure out
how to objectively evaluate all possible solutions and compare and
contrast, great.  We as the Tor Project, aren't going to do it.

@_date: 2010-02-27 15:50:48
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor v0.2.1.23 dose not work in my windowsXP box and Tor v0.2.1.24 
This could also mean the bridge is offline.  If you can "openssl
s_client -connect IP:port", does this work?
Is ssl to say, gmail, or taobao also messed up?

@_date: 2010-02-28 09:09:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Problem bootstrapping. Stuck at 5% 
What are you trying to do that cannot be accomplished in Vidalia?

@_date: 2010-02-28 09:23:04
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor v0.2.1.23 dose not work in my windowsXP box and Tor v0.2.1.24 
Before this devolves into personal attacks, we designed the system so
that if users divulge a bridge address or three the entire system won't
be compromised.  If the bridge address system required users never
making mistakes and publishing the addresses of the bridges, we could
have taken better precautions against accidental disclosure.
Another odd point is that most censors aren't blocking bridges. We've
been tweeting/qq'ing bridges for 4 months around China and they aren't
blocked.  (Dear China GFW censors, this is not a challenge.)  Commercial
firewall vendors also seem to ignore bridges as well.  Why?
In the grand scheme of things, 95% of a population doesn't use any sort
of proxying technology, and so far as we've been able to count, a few
million people have downloaded tor.   Compared to the roughly 1.7
billion people online, it's an exceedingly small number.  We believe the
goal of the censors is to maintain the impression of control.  Unless
you're going to whitelist the internet, which is already happening in
some commercial firewall products and in parts of some countries, then
someone will find a way through.   However, if 95%+ of your population
is none the wiser, great, you sure look like you can control the Internet.
Publishing lists of bridges is bad, but not the end of the world.  I
mean, we give them out over unencrypted email and microblogging sites.
Effectively, we're publishing them to the world.

@_date: 2010-02-28 12:23:56
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Problem bootstrapping. Stuck at 5% 
Do you have a local firewall or anti-virus that is blocking localhost?

@_date: 2010-02-06 07:03:00
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Firefox woes with .onion and proxies 
: Either way, same result. Firefox is 3.5.7 on Ubuntu
Do you have the ubufox package installed?  I think it relies on the
system proxy setting.  Although, you configuring firefox should override the
system proxy config.
: I have since uninstalled torbutton, but, have the same problems.
It sounds like you need to create a new profile and see if it has the
same isues, or simply purge the firefox installed and install it again.

@_date: 2010-02-08 09:24:11
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Firefox configurations 
: I was wondering if I listed a number of Firefox configuration changes Ihave made, would those much more qualified than I peruse them and letme know if they are sound (for better anonymity) or not (risk myanonymity)?
Have you tried comparing the settings in the tor browser bundle?  We've
taken steps to make it usable yet privacy/anonymity-preserving.
You can find the actual setting we use at

@_date: 2010-02-10 13:48:09
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor in China 
Yes.  China is still blocking public Tor relays by IP address and tcp
port combination.  It seems the censorship apparatus is updated
quarterly.  Non-public relays, or bridges, seem to work fine.

@_date: 2010-01-31 22:08:22
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Testing packages for OS X 10.5 and later with broken openssl 
Ok, apparently the fixes for ppc didn't work right.  Let's try again.  I
build these new ppc packages on a 10.5.x ppc machine.
and .asc are "expert" Tor.  Just tor, nothing else.
and .asc are the normal vidalia-bundle configuration.

@_date: 2010-01-01 08:39:18
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: tor-proxy.net 
: tor-proxy.net
: Is it a good alternative if i am out without my TorBrowser Bundle?
To be clear, this service has nothing to do with us as the Tor Project. Years ago we asked
for a disclaimer,   He didn't
get the Tor url correct.  : Whats the diff between the First option (express)and the third?
You should ask him, I don't think anyone from Tor has actually met the operator, Ben.  I
can't make a value judgement on if this is good or not.  I like the fact
there is no client install, just connect and use Tor.  I'm concerned
that even if Ben is an upstanding privacy activist and truly logs
nothing, the connection to his dedicated server could still be watched
and logged by someone else.
Perhaps Ben is on or-talk and can explain his experiences and the setup
of tor-proxy.net in more detail.

@_date: 2010-01-15 11:41:41
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor-ramdisk 20100115 is out. 
Yes, it's acknowledged.  It's a great way for people with dedicated
hardware to run a Tor relay.

@_date: 2010-01-15 14:26:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor-ramdisk 20100115 is out. 
You could map the hidden service to another server, but you might as
well run the tor client and a hidden service on that other machine itself.
The hidden service also wants to write a private key and hostname
somewhere.  If you write this to a ram disk, it also goes away when the
system is rebooted.

@_date: 2010-01-22 12:26:03
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: OSX bundle 
The latest 0.2.1.22 and 0.2.2.7-alpha releases are still being built.
They will be avialable in a few hours.
This is the new drag-and-drop installer.  Everything is preconfigured
and contained within /Applications/Vidalia.app.

@_date: 2010-01-22 22:04:14
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: OSX bundle 
: Forgive me if I misunderstand, but isn't that inconsistent with running
:Tor as a separate, unprivileged user? It also complicates starting up
:Tor at boot. Are those things only intended for expert users now? It's
:some time since I started Tor with Vidalia so perhaps I am misremembering
:how it used to work.
90% of OS X users simply install the bundle and run tor via vidalia.
The vidalia-bundle packages for os x are now drag and drop, self
contained, and vidalia fully controls tor.  Vidalia, tor, and polipo all
run as the user that started vidalia.  The expert package is just tor, and sets itself up for start on boot the
old osx way; using the /Library/StartupItems system rather than launchd.
Someday I'll get around to converting it to launchd, but not high on the
priority list.  Happy to accept patches.

@_date: 2010-01-22 22:05:20
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Vidalia Bundle 
: Will it be possible to use Tor from the Tor browser bundle as a drop in
: replacement for Tor that came with the Vidalia bundle? If not, when will
: the Vidalia bundle be updated?
Perhaps you crossed these?  The Vidalia-bundles were updated before the
announcement, tor browser bundle was updated tonight.

@_date: 2010-01-22 22:07:45
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Latest OS X update breaks Tor 
: It looks like the latest OS X update removes a feature from the system
: OpenSSL library, and Tor needs this feature to operate.
To be clear, this is snow leopard, OS X 10.6.x.
: We're aiming to have a fixed bundle (that statically links openssl) out
: in the next week or so.
Hah, news to me.  Last I tried this it was full of fail.  I guess I'll
try again.
If someone has snow leopard and wants to coordinate with tor-assistants,
we're interested to debug.  Tor doesn't have a snow leopard build

@_date: 2010-01-23 07:44:20
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Vidalia Bundle 
Ok.  The vidalia-bundles for Windows and osx i386 were updated on the
19th.  The vidalia-bundle for osx ppc and the tor browser bundles were
updated on the 22nd.

@_date: 2010-01-23 07:52:58
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Browser Bundle 1.3.1 Released 
The latest in the Tor Browser series, version 1.3.1 is released.  This
includes updates to Firefox, Pidgin, and Tor.
Tor 0.2.1.22 rotates two of the seven v3 directory authority keys and
locations, due to a security breach of some of the Torproject servers:
It also fixes a privacy problem in bridge directory authorities -- it
would tell you its whole history of bridge descriptors if you make the
right directory request.
Everybody should upgrade:
The changelog is:
1.3.1: Released 2010-01-22
  update Firefox to 3.5.7
  update Pidgin to 2.6.5
  update Tor to 0.2.1.22

@_date: 2010-01-24 12:08:57
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: TLS Error on Mac OS X 10.5 
: I'm running a fully patched Mac OS X 10.5 machine and I'm getting the "TLS Error: unexpected close..." message from TOR.
: I understand that this is due to the SSL renegotiation bug/fix. Is there any timescale for the Tor/Vidalia Mac bundle to get a fix/work around ?
Right now, no.  You can keep up with progress on the bug at

@_date: 2010-01-24 13:43:11
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: default setting in pidgin 
: I think the default settings are actually done by the TOR programmers, as
: the default proxy settings are routed to TOR.
The defaults are what's shipped with Pidgin Portable.  And to make this
Filed.  I'll get to it.
If you want to figure out what changes and submit a patch, it'll get
done far faster.  Hint, hint. ;)

@_date: 2010-01-24 14:04:14
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: OSX bundle 
: Thanks. If I want to start up Polipo at boot, is
: /Applications/Vidalia.app/Contents/MacOS/polipo -c /Applications/Vidalia.app/Contents/Resources/polipo.conf
:  sufficient?

@_date: 2010-01-25 09:13:23
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: vidalia can't create the circuit. 
: Notice Your system clock just jumped 421 seconds forward; assuming
: established circuits no longer work.
Is your clock accurate?  Does it sync to an ntp server?
: I already select the "My ISP blocks connections to the Tor network" and
: input the bridge got from bridges at torproject.org.
Are the bridges online?
Any other messages in your logfile?

@_date: 2010-01-26 09:39:35
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Firefox with Tor 
: I'm on Mac OS 10.5.2 with the latest Tor/Vidalia bundle for ppc.
: What version of Firefox is the best to use now? Currently my version is : 3.0.11.
That's old.  Current for the 3.0.x series is 3.0.17.  3.0.11 may have
exploitable bugs.
: Also, do the Tor developers also upgrade the Firefox browser in the IM Browser Bundle?
As torbutton is updated to handle newer firefoxes, yes, we keep
relatively up to date.  Firefox 3.5.7 is included in tor browser bundle.

@_date: 2010-01-27 00:25:28
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Testing packages for OS X 10.5 and later with broken openssl 
Packages for testing are available at:
READ THIS FINE PRINT:
1) These will only work on OSX 10.5 i386 and newer.  The backwards
compatible osx 10.4 lib changes stop tor from including the static
openssl.  Tor fails to compile when using the 10.4 libs.
2) Tor-0.2.2.8-alpha-i386-Bundle.dmg is compiled to replace the tor
binaries in /Applications/Vidalia.app/Contents/MacOS only.  If your tor
is located elsewhere, compile your own for now.
3) I filed a bug with apple about their broken openssl.  grml.
4) let us know if they work for you.  My testing systems show it works
for me.  Update
 if it
doesn't work or you have other issues with these testing packages.

@_date: 2010-01-28 17:29:03
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Testing packages for OS X 10.5 and later with broken openssl 
The 10.5/10.6 powerpc packages are now available at the above url too.

@_date: 2010-01-29 20:02:08
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: browser fingerprinting - panopticlick 
Not really.  Most of the websites are useless without javascript
enabled.  Torbutton protects against known attacks via javascript (yes
there's something to be said about unknown attacks...).

@_date: 2010-01-30 00:10:41
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: browser fingerprinting - panopticlick 
> As we slowly transition to web 2.0, probably the next step is putting
Already working on that,  or pick a
live cd with tor integrated into it.

@_date: 2010-01-30 00:14:01
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Testing packages for OS X 10.5 and later with broken openssl 
What should be the final 0.2.2.8-alpha packages for OS X are now
available at These should be fully compatible with 10.3 through 10.6 depending upon
architecture (per normal constraints before this openssl thing).
Please report bugs at And thank you to everyone who has tested the packages this week.  The
feedback is great.

@_date: 2010-01-30 20:32:27
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: your mail 
: If you have Vidalia.app containing tor 0.2.1.22, and you've also
: installed Apple's "Mac OS X Security Update 2010-001", you'll have
: noticed that Apple made some errors in their TLS renegotiation.
Thanks for the detail writeup.  Perhaps you want to view
 and
the comments.
Or perhaps  for
the current state of packages and fixes.
: Apple removed TLS renegotiation even for apps that both need TLS
: renegotiation and do it safely.  Apple did this in spite of the upstream
: OpenSSL project having fixed the renegotiation vulnerability more
: sanely.  Apple is apparently using a partial back-port of the fix.
Technically, they just disabled it.  You can enable tls renegotiation by
setting CPPFLAGS='-DSSL3_FLAGS_ALLOW_UNSAFE_LEGACY_RENEGOTIATION=0x0010'
in front of configure.

@_date: 2010-01-30 23:31:35
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: browser fingerprinting - panopticlick 
Just to highlight what Mike said,
"As an aside, since there are already some questions in  and
 I want to point out that Torbutton's obfuscation features
are only intended to make you appear uniform amongst other Tor users.
Tor users already stick out like a sore thumb because of using exit
IPs, and the small numbers relative to the rest of your vistor base
will make Torbutton's obfuscated settings appear very unique compared
to regular visitors."
All Tor users should look the same.  Not the same as all Tor users look
like the rest of the Internet.  You already know it's a tor user because
of the easily identifiable exit relay ip address.  It should be hard to
tell if there is 1 tor user or 1 million from the other information
gleaned about the browser.

@_date: 2010-01-03 12:41:58
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: polipo problems 
In general, you should start a new thread rather than hijack an existing
one and changing the subject.  As for privoxy vs. polipo, if you don't like polipo, don't install it.
Run privoxy as you did before.  The only time we force polipo is with
the Tor Browser Bundles.  A sufficiently computer savvy person can not
install polipo and configure privoxy as they had before.
You can't.  Polipo is designed for unixes, not windows.  Chrisd is
working on making polipo more windows friendly, but these changes might
not arrive until the 1.0.5 release, or later.

@_date: 2010-01-03 21:22:31
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Browser Bundle 1.3.0 Released 
On December 31, 2009, I released the latest in the Tor Browser Bundle
series, 1.3.0.  The version bump from 1.2.10 to 1.3.0 is due to the
change to Firefox 3.5.6 (from Firefox 3.0.15).  You can get the latest
TBB in 12 languages at Torbutton 1.2.4 fixes a number of privacy and anonymity issues with the
Firefox 3.5.x code base.
The official changelog is:
- upgrade Firefox to 3.5.6
- update Pidgin to 2.6.4
- update Torbutton to 1.2.4
Feel free to file bugs at

@_date: 2010-01-07 18:42:56
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [owner-or-talk@freehaven.net: BOUNCE or-talk@freehaven.net: 
Forwarding because the sender isn't subscribed to or-talk.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-01-08 13:04:58
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: how much to use big relays (was Re: bloxortsipt) 
Yes, this is on the very-short-term todo list for January.  There are
some tricky threading issues to resolve, but Nick is planning on
tackling "better threaded crypto" real soon now.
The project plan is at
  The
task is 12.7.3.  It's currently slated for March, but the other bits of
12.7 were done quicker than expected.
As soon as svn/git are back online, I'll update the plan accordingly.

@_date: 2010-01-10 09:22:52
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [Fwd: BOUNCE or-talk@freehaven.net:    Non-member submission from 
Sending this along as peabodyenator at gmail.com isn't subscribed to or-talk.
-------- Original Message --------
On Sat, Jan 9, 2010 at 2:05 PM, emigrant I don't wish to decrease the number of hops, but recently, some people
have posted to the list saying they would like to have the option of
decreasing the number of hops in a circuit to decrease latency and
improve performance.
Reading these discussions got me thinking about why three hops are
used instead of two.
I now see that the main reason for using three hops is that it gives
plausible deniability to exit nodes and entry nodes (not sure if
that's the right term, but what I mean is that node operators can be
confident that even if their machines are seized, no useful
information will be present on them).  Certainly this is very
important, especially from a legal point of view.
Thanks to all who responded.

@_date: 2010-01-10 09:32:20
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: exitnodes 
It should, there are 24 exit nodes in the UK at last check.
Depending upon how you installed, look in ~/Library/Vidalia/torrc.

@_date: 2010-07-26 22:29:25
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: The translation portal has been updated 
: >  refuses the connection.
This is by design, use ssl.
: > btw: the ssl-certificate has been expired in March 2010
: : Thanks for letting us know about this issue as well. We are aware that
: the cert has expired, and we will renew it in not too long.
Actually, the cert is stil valid, just the ssl mafia doesn't approve of
it.   The serial number and sha-1 hash hasn't changed in a year or so.
At some point we'll move it over to the wildcard cert.  For now, we're
not wasting money to avoid a silly browser warning.

@_date: 2010-07-26 22:30:00
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: app for each app's tor control? 
: andrew do you mean it works for shell apps just fine, yes?

@_date: 2010-07-26 22:32:15
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: A suggestion to TOR [a proxy server] 
: > That being said, you should look into the bridge concept.
: > : : Bridge-relays do no good for people who can't load the tor software.
: That is specifically what I was responding to.
So rename it as powerpoint.exe, it works fine.  People in very oppressed
environments manage to use tor just fine; sometimes these environments
are not companies with an overactive security fetish.

@_date: 2010-07-26 22:33:52
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: A suggestion to TOR [a proxy server] 
: also, there should be some sort of solutions, by which Tor should be
: able to run in all mobile devices.
: not only in androids.
It runs on iphone, android, and maemo right now.   No one has tried
porting it to non-smartphone OSes yet.

@_date: 2010-07-26 22:38:11
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: A suggestion to TOR [a proxy server] 
: At work I am unable to run or use tor even from a USB key - they are prevented from working. It might be nice to have a website(s) that act as entry points to tor and that use names that do not immediately scream TOR PROXY SERVER!  TOR ENTRY POINT RIGHT HERE! so that it is less likely for IT departments to be able to easily block access to such (I am also prevented from accessing any proxy servers and they often name themselves as proxies to boot so they scream their nature and make it easy to block).  Is there any way to create tor entry point servers that provide the benefits of the tor network without the cost of providing the site with user ID AND endpoint site?
As someone else said, these are called bridges.
I've met people who work on systems that are effectively a dumb terminal
since they are so locked down.  I've not had any serious time to debug
how to either bypass the blocking or get tor working.  I've also noted
that these environments are also mitm all ssl, which breaks tor too.
The employees are prisoners in their own jobs.  So they spend most of
their time pretending to be busy since they can't do anything else.

@_date: 2010-07-26 22:39:38
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: A quick tor analysis that I did in my spare time. 
Have you read through anonbib and seen the research that covers this

@_date: 2010-07-30 08:55:06
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Problem with the TB automatically usage of an alternative 
This appears to be something new from ixquick.  In the past they never
rate limited queries from individual IP addresses.  The problem is not
with TBB per se, it's that ixquick is seeing lots of queries per IP
address.  Before we launched torbutton 1.2.5 with this automatic redirect
feature, I asked ixquick if there was any problem in sending them
potentially millions of queries per day.  They never responded.  Now
that we have their attention, maybe they will.

@_date: 2010-07-15 21:24:32
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: executable name 
: If I want to run tor on linux but have it use a different process name can I just 'mv tor newname' or is there a better way to do this during config or make?
mv tor newname works fine.

@_date: 2010-07-18 08:22:32
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: traffic gone? 
: Jul 16 14:20:03.773 [notice] New control connection opened.
What do you have controlling your tor, if anything?
This means something is connecting to your relay's controlport.

@_date: 2010-07-19 05:17:23
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor 0.2.2.14-alpha is out 
: Could you guys add a CAPTCHA test for the bridges page
:  ? It is almost certain that bridges
: are crawled, analyzed and blocked by bots now.
This is on the short-term todo list.  However, it's been told to us that
humans are crawling the bridges, not bots.  In particular, China is
crawling the https and smtp pools by human interaction, not bots.
Stopping the bots is a fine idea as well.  I believe captchas are easy
to break by automated analysis already, but we'll find out when we roll
out a captcha on bridges.torproject.org.

@_date: 2010-07-20 20:17:26
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: mac and tor with little snitch 
If I understand what litte snitch does, this behavior should be
expected.  Little Snitch is just ipfw configuration, I think.  If you
use tor, little snitch/ipfw won't see the traffic as it's being
tunnelled through Tor.

@_date: 2010-07-20 20:20:11
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: app for each app's tor control? 
You're welcome to try to make the application. Perhaps what you're
running into is the system proxy settings and apps that honor those
settings versus apps that have their own proxy settings and ignore the
system settings.
It sounds like you want a gui for tsocks.

@_date: 2010-07-21 08:39:37
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: mac and tor with little snitch 
: Normally LittleSnitch will stop and throw up an alert for tor traffic. Which you can allow as per any normal connection.

@_date: 2010-07-21 08:41:26
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: mac and tor with little snitch 
: i mean- i have rules establish for each application and do not want to reconfigure them again for going "via" tor.
Right, but little snitch doesn't work on the application layer, it works
on the network layer.  If you've allowed tor, then it seems anything
pointed at Tor will just connect and little snitch will never know the

@_date: 2010-07-21 08:43:35
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: app for each app's tor control? 
: is a gui for tsocks all that would be necessary?
I don't know.
: strange, when I type for example tsocks /Applications/Safari.app/Contents/MacOS/Safari the application gui never seems to appear.
Right, because you've called a non-gui app that is only command line to
start an app that requires the WindowsServer, which doesn't talk to the
internal shells, as I understand it.
It sounds like you could research how to trap all starting applications
and force a proxy shim between the application and the network stack.
torsocks does this on the command line.

@_date: 2010-07-22 09:20:14
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: tor-proxy.net is official proxy site of TOR? 
No.  torproxy.net and tor-proxy.net, while two different sites, are
wholly unrelated to The Tor Project.  The torproxy.net domain may not
even be using Tor as far as I can tell.

@_date: 2010-07-22 09:21:24
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: app for each app's tor control? 
On Wed, 21 Jul 2010 09:36:08 -0400
Whatever is in macports works fine for me.  I use it daily. I could never get this working on any version of OS X.

@_date: 2010-06-22 21:45:24
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Automated threat messages force limitation of Exit Policy 
From experience, with SoftLayer even, don't try to explain anything;
no one cares.  All they see is customer X is costing us a human
dealing with all of these complaints, make it stop. I simply had a script that responded to each and every automated
complaint with an automated response.  Take the template response from
 and change the
right variables to whatever you receive in an automated fashion.  And
then mail it back to whomever.  It's their bot versus yours.  If you can get SoftLayer to do SWIP on the IP address/range assigned to
you, that will offload their complaint person and let you handle
everything automatically.  BayTSP/MediaSentry/etc have heard all the
excuses, including when they tagged my printer as serving up movies;
they don't care. I fully expect they don't even read the responses, just
check that a response was received.  The response is probably then
catalogued for some future court case.
And to your scary realization, yes, baseless accusations have concrete
affects in the real world.

@_date: 2010-06-26 08:28:44
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor Browser Bundle for Windows contains Firefox 3.5.9? 
: Why does the Tor Browser Bundle for Windows contain Firefox 3.5.9 and NOT
: the latest Firefox 3.6.4 or 3.6.3?
Because we haven't spent the time analyzing the 3.6 codebase for every
last anonymity and privacy leak.  We have analyzed the 3.5 codebase.
I'm going to upgrade firefox inside tor browser bundle to 3.5.10 next

@_date: 2010-06-26 08:30:26
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor Browser Bundle for Windows contains Firefox 3.5.9? 
: 23 June 2010, 11:28
: Firefox 3.6.4 adds crash protection, fixes vulnerabilities - Update
Yes, it sure does.  However, it needs analysis at a code level to see
what anonymity and privacy leaks it may introduce.

@_date: 2010-06-28 18:02:03
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: New Tor Relay: Help!!!!! 
It means your ISP dns server is giving a response other than NXDOMAIN
for invalid domains.  You can learn more about nxdomain redirects at

@_date: 2010-06-28 20:45:51
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: New Tor Relay: Help!!!!! 
: Since my node is not an exit node, does that really matter that my ISP is hijacking DNS requests? Does anyone know how that can effect my non-exit node?
It just means tor won't trust your dns and also won't answer dns queries
for others.

@_date: 2010-06-29 01:04:11
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Fwd: Posting of links to inappropriate sites on children's 
: (Forwarded with permission)
Our standard response is
: There is a teenager in New York who has decided to create new accounts
: to post links to trolling sites like lemmonparty.org
:  etc. on the Scratch website, which allows kids
: to share projects and comments. It being a site for kids ages 8 and up,
: that's not good. :(
I wonder how they know it's a teenager in NY. And if they do know this,
why not do something about it?
: In the past this person created accounts to post links in our forums
: using free web proxies, and now they're moving on to posting them in
: comments via TOR.  I guess we'll have to block new accounts from TOR
: nodes - but do you guys have any alternatives you can recommend? I
: understand and accept your mission to support privacy, but unfortunately
: I can't see any good alternatives to blocking Tor nodes right now. I
: have read the FAQ, but I thought I'd see if you have any other ideas.
Usually it's the other way around.  Some jerk uses Tor first, gets it
blocked, and then the admin complains that free proxies/zombies exist by
the millions and wants help from us in coming up with a better solution
than blocking the Internet.

@_date: 2010-06-13 13:19:07
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Hidden Services Hosting and DMCA 
: determine the ISP, in the Internet today it is trivial. Regardless of
: that, in the end I am just an ISP. If they put so much work in finding
You need to be very careful about calling yourself an ISP.  There are
all sorts of legal obligations around being an actual ISP in the USA.
The main item to consider is CALEA compliance and how you handle
data retention upon subpoena or court order.  I believe the term you want to
say is "ISP-like" or "like a common carrier".  I'm not a lawyer, don't
take this as legal advice.  : Especially with the current
: political situation, I see a market around Tor, and you should not
: misconceive that. Commerce is not all bad.
I agree.

@_date: 2010-06-13 17:43:31
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Hidden Services Hosting and DMCA 
: Then of course he already mentioned a couple of times that he's not in
: the USA, so even if you were a lawyer he shouldn't take your advice ;)
Right.  I read the thread too.  He is not, but his service and the
underlying provider are in the USA.

@_date: 2010-06-05 21:50:48
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Technology Preview: Windows client as a bridge by default 
We keep hearing from people around the world that clicking the 3
buttons to turn yourself into a bridge is too difficult for most users
to do.  These people have repeatedly asked for a "bridge by default"
configuration in a package.  Here it is:
When you install and run this package, you are a bridge relay helping
censored users around the world access Tor and the uncensored Internet.
To understand more about bridges, read
This is the installable Vidalia bundle configured to be a bridge by
default.  This is Tor 0.2.2.13-alpha, Vidalia 0.2.9, Polipo 1.0.4.1.
The only difference between this bridge-bundle and the vidalia-bundle
is the bridge configuration.  When started, Vidalia attempts to use UPnP to reconfigure any
NAT/router device to open port 9001 for tor and 9030 for a directory
mirror.  The bandwidth is set to consume greater than 1.5 Mbps.  It
works just like the vidalia-bundle (because it is the vidalia-bundle)
where if UPnP fails, it prompts you to open the correct ports on your
None of this is final configuration. It is merely a "does it work for
you?" test package.  So far, it's worked on the 4 different networks
I've tried.  Apologies to the 300 Chinese users who used my bridge on
one of the test networks, only to have it go away a day later.

@_date: 2010-06-19 06:39:59
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Downloading attachments with Tor - is this secure? 
If your browser is properly configured to use Tor, then yes the
attachments should download via Tor.  Otherwise, that would be one
massive leak.

@_date: 2010-06-06 16:45:34
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Latest Tor bundle 
: warning 2 unknown, 7 missing key, 0 good, 0 bad, 0no signature, 4 required
It means your tor bundle didn't have current directory information.  : Also, when I first ran it Google gave me a captcha and I think I've read about that happening before but I'm not sure. Is this just a simple, innocuous glitch from time to time? I use it at internet cafes as my internet here sucks so bad it's not even worth the cheap price it goes for.

@_date: 2010-06-20 19:47:08
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor logo in SVG 
: I'm looking for a version of the Tor logo in SVG. Anyone have one?
: Standard searches have failed to turn one up.
There isn't one that I know of.

@_date: 2010-06-21 00:11:22
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor logo in SVG 
: Ok, the biggest raster image I can find is 400x134. Anyone have one
: bigger?
Unclear why you want it so bad, but have you checked our website?

@_date: 2010-03-10 11:20:36
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Drop Tor users via bridges by over 2/3 in the beginning of 
:At the beginning of March, the great firewall of China blocked all (then)
:known tor exits and relays, and a substantial number of bridges - presumably
:enumerated over a prior, somewhat extended period.
This is our working theory as well.  Pending research involves which set of bridges were blocked; website, email, twitter/qq account, or all of them.

@_date: 2010-03-10 11:41:00
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [RFC] Campaign =?UTF-8?B?wrtCdXkvU3BvbnNvcg==?= a 
:on the Tor start page [1] there is a message ?Help us reach 5,000
: relays in 2010!?
:?I guess for people caring about privacy but not wanting/able to set up
:a server themselves can now be told, you can pay 90 pounds a month [for
:10 Mbps] and you will improve the connectivity of the Tor network.? [me
:on IRC]
We turn down funding when organizations ask us to run relays on their
behalf.  They have the money, but not the technical skills to run
relays.  The risk to The Tor Project, the non-profit entity, is that we
become a target as we could potentially see a large percentage of Tor
network traffic.  This traffic becomes interesting to law enforcement,
criminal organizations, marketers, and others wanting to enumerate Tor
users.  This same concern is true for the funding organization.  A human rights
organization wanted to run either hundreds of relays or to see their
relay names as the top 10 relays in the Vidalia network map for a
year.  They almost looked at the network map/relay list as a branding
opportunity.  However, controlling relays with that much traffic, even
if the relays are dispersed around the world, would turn them into a
data collection target.  I encourage a peer to peer model of getting more relays.  Having
individuals run a relay and contribute the bandwidth that makes sense
seems to be a less risky model.  As the risk is spread out amongst
hundreds or thousands of individuals.  This is a more difficult path
than turning lots of money into relays.  Ultimately, I believe this
path is more sustainable in the long-term.  As committed relay
operators run them for their own reasons, not for a paycheck.
Active areas of research are around "everyone as a bridge" and "everyone
as a relay" if the tor client finds itself reachable by the outside
world.  Getting these options correct without screwing users is
difficult.  However, we are making progress.
In the meanwhile, we need more relays, in particular exit relays, to
help speed up Tor for everyone.

@_date: 2010-03-11 01:21:24
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [RFC] Campaign =?iso-8859-1?B?u0J1eS9T?= 
: Hence, as long as any hosting entity properly set the 'Family' parameter, I
: think we should welcome this sort of hired-relay-operation. The proper
: countermeasure for this problem (imho) would be to grant relays an implied
: family based on geoip data and known ISP/hoster ip ranges (ie, don't make my
: circuit through multiple relays hosted by Comcast or, say, in the US).
Yes, and there's some research into Autonomous System (AS) level
routing and aggregation concerns.  This whole "sponsor a relay" concept has come up internally in the past.
The idea is based on the assumption that there are organizations with
more money then technical skill willing to fund someone to run a relay
for some defined period of time, bandwidth, etc.  I'm not sure this is
true at this point in time.
However, this doesn't mean that starting a marketplace or exchange where
people with some money can meet people with technical skill in operating
a relay is a bad idea.  It's a fine experiment to learn about the demand
from both ends, and figure out what the market would decide on pricing
for slow/fast relays, non-exit/exit relays, branded/Unnamed relays, and
reliability and uptime.  Of course, this could also introduce some
interesting incentives to cheat.
Coldbot in the UK is the first such market. I wonder if they'll
share how it is going so far.

@_date: 2010-03-11 13:39:26
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: filling a network with Tor traffic 
:Any suggestions for making Tor filling up 2-3 /24 networks,
:so that it doesn't break anything for the users? Do you mean traffic from every IP in a 2-3 /24's?  Run a few VMs, set
the Family option, and let lots of traffic flow.

@_date: 2010-03-12 07:46:22
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: filling a network with Tor traffic 
: I've received below suggestion. Does it make sense/
: will it break anything with Tor?
Only one way to find out, try it.  If one user can break the entire tor
network this easily, we're in deeper trouble than we realize.  At worst,
you'll be like the 149.9.x.x servers that were misconfigured and
re-routed all traffic out of one IP address (and freaked out a lot of
people in the process).

@_date: 2010-03-12 07:50:43
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [RFC] Campaign =?iso-8859-1?B?u0J1eS9T?= 
:      The "everyone as a relay" thing has been discussed here in the past
: ad nauseam and has ended up opposed every time for very good reasons.  The
: "everyone as a bridge" idea ought to fail for the same reasons, but would
: have the additional complication of requiring that tor *not* run as a bridge
: if it is already running as a relay with a published descriptor.
The difference is we're not looking to do it automatically without
asking.  Prompting the user "you appear reachable, would you like to
help censored users around the world? y/n?" is a first step.  Steven or
Roger can talk more about this in detail.
:      In the U.S., at least, that effort would be furthered, I think, by
: a publicity campaign identifying ISPs that provide *full* Internet access
: to residential accounts, as opposed to ISPs that provide only *partial*
: Internet access to residential accounts (e.g., Comcast).  That would help
: to provide a marketing advantage to ISPs offering full service over ISPs
: that don't.  It might also be worthwhile to start a complaint-to-the-FCC
: campaign to report misleading advertising by ISPs that offer only partial
: access but market it as "Internet access" as if it were full access.
This is a fine page to start on the wiki. However, most users in the US
don't have more than one or two options for broadband.  Hopefully one of
the two options will be more "full access" than the other.

@_date: 2010-03-19 22:08:36
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Full bandwidth is not used. 
: > I setup a tor relay by just setting
: > orport, dirport, and nickname and letting it run.  It's 0.2.2.9-alpha.
: > We'll see what happens.
: : Do you have any results yet?
Yes, the ISP traffic shaped me into 300KB/s.  But Tor dutifully fills
that up.  It's a non-exit relay named "hugs", fingerprint is
E5CE54C14A41D829B6EBA77724EA27D88337E211.

@_date: 2010-03-20 10:50:37
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Strange problem 
: : What I noticed one day is that some new volume was in my System Preferences called "MacFUSE" and I searched to try and find out how it got there!
Something else you installed or downloaded added macfuse to your system.
Tor doesn't use nor install macfuse.

@_date: 2010-03-20 10:52:28
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Polipo question 
:  does anyone know if there is a config file option to turn off all caching in Polipo?
I think you have to compile it without caching.  Have you tried setting
chunkhighmark and objecthighmark to 0?

@_date: 2010-03-26 00:26:42
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: a problem about run tor bridge 
: But this dosen't work. The Vidalia is always stopping at "Loading relay information...".
: I use Wireshark and find the TLS handshake is normal.
: Can anyone tell me why? Thanks a lot!
What does his info level log say when trying to connect?

@_date: 2010-03-26 14:19:59
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: How does TOR deal with mac addresses 
:During ARPs the mac address would get recorded isn't it?
:So how does TOR protect anonymity with regard to mac addresses?
Tor works at the tcp layer, not the layers below it.

@_date: 2010-03-29 20:23:50
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Fasttrack for Tor ? 
: I haven't found an Tor-option for faster Tor-connections for someone who
: owns a Tor-router.
There isn't.  This topic is an active area of research for us.
 is a fine
overview of the challenge.

@_date: 2010-03-03 21:38:14
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor documentation 
For the record, we release the source tarball and binary packages before
we announce a new version.  In the past, people have become very upset
when we announce a release but only have source code available.
Enough people watch the commits on or-cvs, or in the actual
repositories, that they can build their own tor from source without issue.
I'll give zzzjethro666 credit for trying to validate what was posted on
the Internet.  It's better than blindly believing it as fact.

@_date: 2010-03-04 00:05:53
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: hidden service with jabber and ssl 
: i re that it is not secure to use a hidden service : with ssl.
: So now i have a jabber Server as a hidden service, and i acan use it
: with ssl on port 5223.
: The questions is now, is it secure or dangerous to use ssl with jabber?
If done correctly, users should be confused why the ssl cert doesn't
match.  However, with xmpp, it may not matter. The best answer I have
now is to try it.

@_date: 2010-03-04 20:17:49
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Full bandwidth is not used. 
: I updated to 0.2.1.23 to no avail. It is up for 12 hours again and
: staying now at 66 KB/s. I also checked that there is still 50 MB free
: memory.
0.2.1.24 is current.  What did you configure for your bandwidth limits
or accountingmax?

@_date: 2010-03-05 10:17:35
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Full bandwidth is not used. 
: > What did you configure for your bandwidth limits or accountingmax?
: : I did not configure them and so the defaults are used. arm is displaying
: ?(cap: 5 MB, burst: 10 MB)?.
Ok, then Tor will figure out how much bandwidth it can reliably provide.
If you look at your (datadirectory)/state file, it will show you how
much bandwidth tor has been providing over time.

@_date: 2010-03-06 16:07:14
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: What causes this error? 
Well, is your IP address reachable from the Internet?

@_date: 2010-03-07 19:27:38
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: clock error 
: I'm posting part of my question from a couple of days ago because with it I noticed my clock was supposedly off, according to the message log.
: However, it is set to automatically set or adjust to the time zone I am in.
: Just wondering if the above and what's below are related and if my clock is set for properly setting itself, how do I adjust it? Sorry for my trivial questions.
If you are seeing messages in your tor logfile that your clock is wrong,
yet you are certain your clock is correct, then ignore them.  It
probably means the directory server has an incorrect clock.

@_date: 2010-03-09 07:40:50
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Full bandwidth is not used. 
: I now increased the RAM too and restarted the server to no avail. It is
: still below 100 KB/s.
What is the network configuration?  I setup a tor relay by just setting
orport, dirport, and nickname and letting it run.  It's 0.2.2.9-alpha.
We'll see what happens.

@_date: 2010-05-14 00:56:34
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor Exit Node Sponsorship - looking for partners 
: This is not an entrepreneurial proposition all. I'm merely talking about exposing the end-users to the financial realities of operating the service, and inviting them to help in a more obvious way. I'm NOT suggesting blatant nagware. "Gentle" is the word used, and I certainly never said pop-ups.
Can we split entrepreneurial from bad?  I don't see the two as one
concept.  If someone figures out a way to increase fast exit relays and
preserve user privacy/anonymity and make money, more power to them. We
as the non-profit aren't going to stand in their way.  I'm glossing over
lots issues, but in general, trying and failing until you succeed is a
fine plan as any.
: Forget my comment about technically-minded users for a moment. My question really should read: "Are there a significant body of end users of Tor who do not understand how it fundamentally works?"
Yes.  And more frequently, people are responding to the fear of Internet
surveillance (ad networks, search conglomeration, traffic analysis, etc)
by installing Tor because someone or somewhere told them it was a fine
solution to these problems.  These people don't understand what they
fear and do not understand what Tor gives them.  I've heard repeatedly
something like, "I installed Tor, have a green onion, and my IE browsing
is just as fast as before.  I feel so much safer knowing Tor is
protecting me."  Disturbingly, I'm hearing more often, "It's great that
I login to my facebook/twitter account via Tor so they don't know who I
am and my privacy is protected."
As we attract a less technical user, we need to do a better job
communicating a very complex problem in simpler terms.  The video's
Freedom House did for Tor have been a help in this regard.  We're
working on this, but finding usability people that can take all of our
usability problems and finding solutions has been difficult.  Work

@_date: 2010-05-14 00:59:38
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: How to "wrap" applications in Mac OS X? 
: Is there a "torify" equivalent for Mac OS X, or does Torify work on that platform... And if so, can it wrap GUI applications as well? Asking because I'd like certain applications on my system without individual proxy settings to use Tor, and certain apps of the same class not to...
torify doesn't work, you need torsocks.  I use torsocks in freebsd quite
successfully.  I haven't tried it under os x.  If by GUI applications you mean native OS X carbon/cocoa apps, unlikely
unless you can launch them from the command line.

@_date: 2010-05-14 01:01:59
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Add-on in Tor Bundle 
: An Add-on was added: AVG Safe Guard 9.0.0.812
This is the AVG on your system forcibly installing itself into the
firefox that comes with TBB.  I don't know how to stop things like this
from happening.  Perhaps AVG should ask the user if they want to do
Action X before just assuming so.
: I disabled it and had this message:
: Add-on update security checking is disabled. You may be compromised by updates.
I don't know what this means.  It's not a Firefox message.  Perhaps it's
an AVG plugin message.

@_date: 2010-05-14 01:04:11
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: why is the traffic not more linear? 
: significant parts of my torrc:
: : RelayBandwidthRate 100 KBytes  # Throttle traffic to 100KB/s (800Kbps)
: RelayBandwidthBurst 200 KBytes # But allow bursts up to 200KB/s (1600Kbps)
: : AccountingStart day 00:00
: AccountingMax 10 GB
You told Tor to only do 10GB of transit a day.  I suspect your relay
spends lots of the day hibernating waiting for the next accounting
period to start.

@_date: 2010-05-15 23:18:58
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Traffic shaping? 
: Does Tor do any kind of traffic shaping?
What do you mean by traffic shaping?

@_date: 2010-05-01 09:44:26
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: How to install and start Tor on FreeBSD? 
First off, how did you install tor? by port or by source?
You probably want to look in /usr/local/etc and set tor_enabled=YES in

@_date: 2010-05-16 08:45:42
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Traffic shaping? 
: In this case, purposely 'shaping' the traffic so that it looks like something other than what it actually is (ie, not Tor traffic).
I call that traffic masking.  As far as research has shown, it doesn't
look like anything other than https between a client and webserver.
What may stand out is the random ports a client asks for an https
website on, such as 9001.  However, this happens on the general Internet
as well.

@_date: 2010-05-20 07:44:51
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Family specifications (was: Re: perfect-privacy.com, Family 
: >From what I understand, yes, at the moment both "partners" have to list
: each other. That's what the fuss is all about, because this becomes hard
: to manage when you run a lot of nodes.
Yes, this is how MyFamily works.  Each node in the family must be
configured to list all other nodes in the family.  If I start up node
Alice, and list Bob and Mallory in MyFamily, Bob must list Alice and
Mallory, and Mallory must list Alice and Bob.  If Mallory lists Alice
and Bob, but neither Alice nor Bob list Mallory, it's not a valid
Family.  Otherwise, Mallory could list every node in the network and
screw everyone.  Or list all nodes in the network but 3 and shunt all
traffic through those 3, etc.

@_date: 2010-05-20 10:44:44
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Family specifications (was: Re: perfect-privacy.com, Family specifications, etc) 
If only one side could declare a valid family that clients honored, you can control the paths clients choose. Eventually, some large percent of the network will find your declaration and be unable to build paths because they are all in the one-sided MyFamily declaration.  Or, worse off, you run three nodes, let's call them TheMan0, TheMan1, and TheMan2.  All three nodes list every other node in the network, except your three TheMan# nodes.  Now as clients find your MyFamily declaration, they can only build paths through TheMan0, TheMan1, and TheMan2.  Now you've won.
This is one reason why the MyFamily declaration has to be the same on both sides in order for clients to honor it.  Tor clients do not trust the Tor network by design.  There are flaws in the MyFamily scheme, as we're seeing with perfect-privacy.  It's a pain in the ass if you run a lot of nodes, so you just don't bother.  It also assumes an honest relay operator will list all of all the nodes that should be in a MyFamily declaration.
Right now, Tor won't use any relays in a circuit in the same /16 network to try to address "network closeness" of relays.  We saw it was plausible that someone can start up a bunch of relays in the same datacenter in the same netblock and start to see a lot of circuits within that netblock.  You can disable this behavior by setting EnforceDistinctSubnets to 0.
It is an open and active area of  research as to the degree of anonymity (increase or decrease) one receives as you develop trusted paths through the network (pick your own path), or Autonomous System aware paths, or country level aware paths, etc.

@_date: 2010-05-20 21:00:24
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Family specifications (was: Re: perfect-privacy.com, Family 
: including some tor developers, did not bother to read the proposal by Bruce
: from perfect-privacy.com.  He did *not* propose, for example, any equivalent
: to  statements.  He did *not* propose, for example, any method of
: allowing a node to specify other members of a Family.
You are correct.  I did not respond to Bruce's proposal.  I attempted to
explain how MyFamily works today, and some of the risks of a client
trusting the MyFamily statement from any one member of the family.  This
was suggested by others and there seems to be confusion around it.  I am
not addressing Bruce's proposal.  I leave that to Paul, Roger, and
others more qualified.

@_date: 2010-05-20 21:02:13
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Family specifications (was: Re: perfect-privacy.com, Family 
: Would it be possible for my to include myself in the MyFamily line?
Yes.  When I ran 10 nodes, this is what I did.  One config for all 10
was easier to maintain than 10 unique configs.

@_date: 2010-05-24 07:31:43
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Some sites recognize TOR 
: I have encountered this on several sites,
: some upon registration or sometimes in google search that the site would
: recognize that I am using proxy and would ask me to do otherwise.
In Google's case, it's unlikely they care enough about Tor to use any of
our exit/dnsel lists.  They simply use their metrics of number of
queries per IP address and treat it accordingly.  I as understand, it is
an automated system that once you trip some threshold, you see captchas.

@_date: 2010-05-24 22:44:14
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: When can I get TOR for mobile? 
: Java Tor seems like a good idea but i guess it would be a total rewrite?
It exists already, see Also, please stop cc'ing tor-assisstants.  It's annoying, not helpful.
Pick one list, stick with it.

@_date: 2010-05-25 07:51:49
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: problem with bridges and a suggestion 
: china is blocking?TOR? more and more strict,
: I can't?establish a TOR circuit?even I?updated bridges in config file
: of torrc with info retrieved?from : email replies from bridges at torproject.org.
Correct.  We are aware of this.
: this morning,?I got some new bridges through a hidden https proxy and
: established a TOR circuit, but after some time, I lost the connection
: and couldn't? establish a TOR circuit any more.
Can you send debug logs to tor-assistants at torproject.org with what
happens when your client tries to connect to the bridges?
: from my knowledge to china's blocking methods, I believe they found my
: newly got bridges through network traffic protocol analysis, and
: blocked them.
This is unlikely.  In our experience, they are merely blocking IP:Port
: use a general protocol for TOR clients to interact with bridges, so
: that they can't distinguish the traffic between TOR clients and
: bridges,
: so that they can't find new bridges got through private ways.
Tor traffic through bridges vs. public relays is the same.  There is not
a special "bridge connection".  See
 also that text needs to be
updated to reflect China's uniqueness in filtering Tor public relays.
: the general protocol could be https which is encryption protected;
It is already.  What may be unique is we start the connection with a TLS
renegotiation.  This is probably starting to stand out as unique now
that OpenSSL decided to everyone used renegotiation incorrectly and
almost all operating systems have erroneously disabled this
functionality by default.  See
: the general protocol could be plain http, if you can encode its
: content dynamically and privately, and don't make it display any
: fingerprints.
Then someone can read your traffic.  Hiding in plain sight sounds good
on paper, but doesn't stand up to academic research, so far.  See

@_date: 2010-05-26 01:11:41
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: When can I get TOR for mobile? 
: Does a Tor-version for WM exist? I thought that such tor-version didn't
: exist.
It doesn't exist in binary form.  However, thanks to a volunteer, we
just committed some code to support it this week.
for an example.

@_date: 2010-05-26 08:06:18
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor Exit Node hosting: torservers.net 
Looks good.  You have already received plenty of feedback about creating
confusion as to who is sponsoring these relays, so I'm not going to
address it further.  My advice is that if you are trying to attract non-technical people to
donate money in order to create more relays, your index page needs to be
far less technical.  As examples, look at the difference in
 versus    They
roughly do the same thing in the eyes of a normal person.  The former
website is much more successful at public fundraising according to their
990 filings.  Also, explain how creating more tor/i2p nodes helps the normal person.
Or, who it actually helps.  And I suggest having two simple
thermometers; total funds raised and number of nodes possible per year.
Overall, I'm happy we have people starting to try to create more relays,
whether through this model or the Coldboot UK model.  Good luck.

@_date: 2010-05-26 11:06:49
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Bridges and China (new thread) 
Rather than continue to hijack the old thread, here's a new one about
bridges and china.
I'm fully aware the GFW seems to have successfully crawled
 and added all of those bridges into their
blocking regime.  The email distribution method, bridges at torproject.org,
may also have been crawled and added to the blocking regime.  There are
still 3 other pools of bridge addresses, one of which is held in
reserve.  It seems the other two methods are continuing to work, as a
paltry 5000 connections from China still can access Tor daily.  This is
vastly smaller than the 100,000 or so we used to get.  The other methods of obtaining bridges are slower and more viral.  They
use social networking technologies like twitter and qq to distribute
bridge addresses.  I've been told if you search on baidu, you can find
such bridge addresses.  And until now, they still work.  We've given
some addresses to trusted networks inside China. What they do with the
bridges is up to them.  I've heard some are bridge addresses are being
released by blog posts, BBS posts, qq, and ads on taobao. I'm assuming
the admins of the GFW read or-talk in some fashion.  They are doing
their job and we're doing ours.
Conversely, Tor supports 3rd party http/https proxies.  Many people use
Tor because they want the privacy aspects of it, not just the ability to
circumvent a firewall.  You can use the 3rd party http/https proxy as
the access layer around the blocking system, and then to tor.
This is an arms race, we're working on next steps in it.

@_date: 2010-05-26 17:04:57
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Bridges and China (new thread) 
: Is it worth adding a captcha to bridges.torproject.org? Incidentally,
: what happens when "adversaries" just block access to that site?
Is it worth adding, maybe.  Most captcha systems assume a program is
trying to break it, increasingly, blog spam and such is done by humans
paid pennies per hour.  : That would kill any automated attempt to scrape the bridges?
Assume a human is doing the scraping.

@_date: 2010-05-26 23:42:40
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Bridges and China (new thread) 
: >I've been told if you search on baidu, you can find  such bridge addresses.
: >bridge addresses are being released by blog posts, BBS posts, qq, and ads on taobao.
: then bad guys can get and block them too through baidu searching,
: and more, qq is totally under control of bad guys, we can't trust qq, believe me, I know the truth.
The point of releasing the bridge addresses this way is to see how long
it takes to go from public publishing to blocking in the GFW.
: >Tor supports 3rd party http/https proxies
: could you kindly tell me how to use tor above 3rd party https/http proxies? what's the config?
There are two ways to do this, through Vidalia or editing your torrc.
In Vidalia, go to Settings, Network, and click "I use a proxy to access
the Internet", then enter your proxy details.
In torrc, see

@_date: 2010-05-27 07:34:50
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Bridges and China (new thread) 
: why not put the tor directory server in https mode too?
Your client makes a 1-hop tunnel to the directory server if it needs to
get the consensus file.
You can read all about how Tor works by reading the spec files at

@_date: 2010-05-27 07:43:18
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: problem with bridges and a suggestion 
: It may not be 100%, but, it doesn't really need to be. Its not like
: you need all the users all the time, just enough to raise the bar and
: cut down the numbers.
Correct, and this seems to be what the GFW is trying to do, just raise
the bar to make it difficult enough for the average user.  We've been
thinking about the arms race out to ten steps along it.  With China,
we're at step 2.  No other country, nor most American/European companies
that make censorship technologies are beyond step 1 (blocking the public
list of relays).
: Perhaps other ways of hiding it are needed. As it is, it would be
: trivial to connect via ssl and verify if a machine talks onion router.
: It might be harder if there were multiple protocol paths into it. What
: if I connect on port 25  and get a normal mail server, then start tls
: from within protocol and use a command to switch to onion routing. I
: connect on port 636 and its ldap first. 993 and its IMAP over ssl.
Trivial for a handful of connections and doing so at a countrywide scale
thankfully don't match these days.  Not to say a government can't tax
their citizens more to afford better technology to better censor their
citizens.  I'll let the researchers comment on this obfuscation

@_date: 2010-05-27 20:28:10
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Bridges and China (new thread) 
On Thu, 27 May 2010 17:17:51 +0800
There are millions of http/https proxies out there.  Try
 as a starting point.

@_date: 2010-05-28 07:47:12
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: HTTPS Everywhere Firefox addon 
: The eventual idea is to allow an Adblock Plus style model, where users
: can submit and exchange rule files and eventually create subscriptions
: for the sites they use that partially support SSL.
Perhaps this is a dumb question, why not try the https:// version of
every http site the user requests?  If it works, reload to the https
url.

@_date: 2010-05-28 16:11:38
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Browser Bundle question 
Yes and yes.  The host computer traces are documented at
And the pen drive will have whatever history, bookmarks, and cookies
you told firefox to save.

@_date: 2010-05-08 08:41:44
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Running a stable exit node without interference (Was blutmagie 
: Okay, that cleared things a lot. I Guess that authorities treats that
: ip-range as an ISP.
: : Last week I was in contact with my ISP and it is possible to have your
: companys etc. information on the ip-range that you use but still it
: shows also the original whois-information.
Smarter ISPs will sub-allocate the range to the customer. This puts the
customer in charge of their abuse complaints, rather than the ISP who
doesn't really want to deal with the abuse complaints at all.

@_date: 2010-05-12 21:27:24
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor Exit Node Sponsorship - looking for partners 
: > A thought: Currently there is a "Donate!" section on torproject.org,
: > that doesn't mention what the money is used for or how much money that
: > comes in. : : If you look closely, at the bottom of the page a pie says what the money
: is used for.
For this specific topic, it is here: In general, all US non-profits have to file a Form 990 with the IRS
annually.  It is a public document that lays out who funds the non-profit
and how much, where the funds went, and a categorization of how the funds
were spent.  Everyone considering donating to a US non-profit should
find the 990 and evaluate their performance for yourself.  There are
other non-profits who make up metrics and rate non-profits on these
made-up metrics.  YMMV.
: important that development gets funded. The German Chaos Computer Club
: and the German Privacy foundation, to name only two, also accept
: donations towards running Tor nodes.
Yes.  The CCC has a bank account just for donations for their Tor
activities.  The banking info for the CCC will return to our donation
webpage shortly.
As for the question, "why can't Tor do this already?"  We've been told
repeatedly and by very smart lawyers, do not host relays in the name of
the non-profit Tor Project, Inc.  An oversimplification of the advice is
that we can spend our money on making more scalable, better performing,
and more anonymous Tor, or spend our money fighting lawsuits from anyone
claiming the non-profit is responsible for the traffic it transmits.  We
produce code, not legal statements of defense.  We're always open to
legal advice to the contrary. This FAQ is still valid,
As for a 3rd party hosting fast exit nodes, great.  Tor needs more
relays to scale.  The network is already overloaded and we're sustaining
around 500,000 daily users out of roughly 30 million downloads in the
last 12 calendar months.  Tor is slow, this is not news to anyone.  What
is news is that there is such a demand for online anonymity and privacy
half a million people are willing to take the slowness to protect
themselves.  I2P and FreeNet are also seeing growth over the past year
or two as well.  As the saying goes, "All ships rise with the tide."
The topic of an exchange or marketplace to match those with money to
those with technical skill in running relays is not new.  It's been an
internal debate for the past year or two.  Incentives can have unforseen
consequences, see
 for lots of
details.  This legal environments change dramatically from country to
country.  Right now, the US is probably the best place to run an exit
node, given tor has "common carrier like status" according to the
aforementioned smart lawyers.  Internally, we decided we aren't economists
and would probably suck at running such an exchange.  This doesn't mean
you cannot try.
Coldboot in the UK is also trying something similar.  The more the
merrier.  I've had casual conversations with some global ISPs about
running their own Tor networks as a value-added service to customers
wishing to escape the defacto Internet surveillance that exists today.
Not one has started such a thing to my knowledge.  My suggestion for those considering doing something like Kickstart is to
do a year at a time.  It's easier to raise $2400 to fund a fast exit
node at someplace like 100tb.com for a year than it will be to raise
$200/mo for 12 months.  Buy the server for a year and post a copy of the
receipt somewhere.  People will check throughout the year to see the
server is still online.  If not, figure out some refund plan pro-rated
to months left in the contract if the server lasts less than a year.
Maybe some other non-profit could offer to be a fiscal sponsor so the
donations are tax-deductible.  My USD $0.02.

@_date: 2010-05-13 11:51:57
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: 80%+ Tor network relay "locations" unknown 
Everyone will be seeing this soon.  The SSL cert changed/renewed.  The forthcoming Vidalia 0.2.9 will fix the issue.  See project.net/changeset/4284 for the details.

@_date: 2010-11-18 22:07:34
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Anonymity easily thwarted by flooding network with relays? 
The quick answer is that this is a known active attack, and has been
documented for many years.  See the Tor design paper from 2004, Specifically, "Run a hostile OR. In addition to being a local observer, an isolated
hostile node can create circuits through itself, or alter traffic
patterns to affect traffic at other nodes. Nonetheless, a hostile node
must be immediately adjacent to both endpoints to compromise the
anonymity of a circuit. If an adversary can run multiple ORs, and can
persuade the directory servers that those ORs are trustworthy and
independent, then occasionally some user will choose one of those ORs
for the start and another as the end of a circuit. If an adversary
controls m > 1 of N nodes, he can correlate at most ([m/N])2 of the
traffic ? although an adversary could still attract a
disproportionately large amount of traffic by running an OR with a
permissive exit policy, or by degrading the reliability of other
Perhaps Roger, Nick, or Paul have a more in-depth answer.

@_date: 2010-11-27 15:57:10
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: StrictNodes or StrictExitNodes? 
: So if Tor is using usual development practice then why does the
: stable version manual
: ( have
: "*WarnUnsafeSocks" in it if there has been no stable build since it
: was introduced in *0.2.2.14-alpha ?
This is because the tor-manual.html.en is really the -alpha manual, not
the -stable manual.  The long story made short is that the new website
removed the ability to do man2html on the -stable man page.  Oops.
I've removed the links to the -stable man page on the website, linking
to the -alpha version instead (and labelled as such). : Also , I notice the manuals do not have deprecated commands in it
: any more (even if they are still supported). It might be wise to add
Because they're in the changelog. The man pages only contain what is
supported, not what was supported.

@_date: 2010-11-28 16:55:35
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor 0.2.2.19-alpha is out 
: I am curious how to get 0.2.1.27 in the preferred way when using
: Ubuntu.  Thanks!
You are doing it correctly.  Packages for ubuntu/debian for 0.2.1.27
aren't created yet.  We announce the source release before the binary
packages we create are available.  It's generally a few days from source
release to binary package availability.  The exception here is OS X PPC,
which lacks a build machine right now.

@_date: 2010-11-17 01:24:24
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: can I only use 3 bridges in torrc ? thx 
You can use many more than 3.  Tor will see if they are reachable and
use those that are working. I've seen people with 50 configured in

@_date: 2010-11-17 20:18:36
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor 0.2.2.18-alpha is out 
On Wed, 17 Nov 2010 20:11:44 -0500
The reason for the delay in packages is the powerpc build machine died
a melting death when the internal fan died over a weekend.  A donor gave
us a powerpc mac mini for a build machine running 10.5.  It's in
process of being turned into the powerpc build machine.  Alternatively,
building from source is very easy once the dependencies are installed.
I'm not sure how well 10.5 binaries work on 10.3 and 10.4 (even with
osx compiles set for 10.3 and 10.4 compatibility).  I guess we'll find

@_date: 2010-11-17 20:20:31
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Scalability and fairness [was: P2P over Tor [was: Anomos - 
...I wish people would stop cross-posting between -dev and -talk...;)

@_date: 2010-10-16 08:11:20
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor Bundle vs. Vidalia Bundle 
: What is the difference between a Vidalia Bundle and a Tor Bundle, other than what I perceive as the obvious?

@_date: 2010-10-16 14:26:24
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: New Bundle Version 1.3.10 
: Well, I recently downloaded and extracted the USB Vidalia/Tor bundle version 1.3.10. It came with NoScript. Is this correct? Well, Vidalia keeps crashing, usually won't open and when it does I get a Google captcha I cannot get past and have to start all over.
Yes, this is correct.  Vidalia crashing is unrelated to Firefox and
noscript.  Opening a bug about the vidalia crashes would be good.
: The options for NoScript are not really clear to me (I keep going over them though), and the icons don't seem to look the same as what is next to the Torbutton toggle and what it shows in the options window when clicked on. So, how do I disable or otherwise get rid of this NoScript, no want?
In general, we try to set conservative options so the bundle is safe by
default.   A document describing the options included and why they were
set to a value would be fantastic.  I opened a ticket about this,

@_date: 2010-10-02 20:14:31
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: beneficia versus maleficia 
It seems what you are wrestling with is the dual use nature of
any technology.  Some easy examples are: highways are used to transport pregnant mothers
to hospitals to deliver cuddly babies and to transport kidnappers and
their victims across the country.  The phone system is used to let you
keep in touch with your friends and family and to stalk and harass
domestic violence victims.  Firewalls are used by companies to keep
their employees protected by outside threats and used by governments to
repress their citizenry.
From my work with victims of domestic violence, abusers and survivors
use technology in surprising ways.  From cooking pots to butter knives
to pre-paid anonymous cellphones, I've seen the technologies used to
abuse and used to help.  It comes down to if you believe the good uses outweigh the bad uses.
Technologies are generally introduced with a narrow use case in mind.
Seldom to these technologies stick to their original use case over time.
We have real situations in which tor is used at
  For every bad thing some jerk
does over tor, there are likely 50-100 more using tor for good reasons.
Think about all of the bandwidth tor relays push and how many of the
connections result in complaints or abuse.  The bad uses are more
public but still the vast minority.
In the end, tor is a technology.  It can be used for both good and
bad.  We develop, advocate, and continue to work on tor for the
positive outcomes; whatever that may mean for your morals and locale.

@_date: 2010-10-20 19:47:45
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: DNS with Tor (compared to VPNs). 
:  AIUI here is the DNS situation ("leaks") when using an ISP, a VPN, and Tor.
: : If I am using my ISPs DNS then they can log the websites via my DNS requests.
The dns server sees every request involving a hostname, IM, web, ssh, etc.
: If I am using a commercial VPN then the VPNs DNS logs the websites.
: However, my ISP does not see the DNS requests (or the website since
: all traffic flows through the encrypted VPN).
It depends on the VPN.  Many vpns don't touch your dns settings,
therefore your local resolver sees the requests.
: If I am using Tor then all DNS resolution is done by the Tor exit
: node.  No DNS requests leave my computer unencrypted - unlike in the
: previous two examples.
If the apps are set to use tor correctly, yes.

@_date: 2010-10-23 07:58:08
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Firefox Problem 
: increase socks connection timeout on Firefox but with no luck. Anyone
: know what of Firefox configuration parameters is responsible for Tor
: connection timeout?
Unless you want to patch and recompile firefox, you can't.  See
for some more details.

@_date: 2010-10-23 21:55:20
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Three circuit hops as default.How does this function? 
: A)MyComputer--->TorRelay1--->TorRelay2--->Final Destination.
: B)MyComputer--->TorRelay1--->TorRelay2--->TorRelay3--->Final Destination.
: What is the right one? A or B?The three means 3 jumps or 3 tor relays?
The answer you seek is here,

@_date: 2010-10-24 08:37:14
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: OT: Etiquette (was Re: Excessive scrubs) 
This is way off topic, please take it off the list.  Thanks.

@_date: 2010-10-26 09:31:23
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Question about torbrowser for mac 
: There is no torbutton on 1.0.1. nor 1.0.2 bundles for mac in the firefox
: supplied. Should i install it manually?
It is there, just due to a display bug in snow leopard, it doesn't
always show up.  If you go to Tools -> Addons -> Extensions, you should
see torbutton listed and enabled.

@_date: 2010-10-27 15:04:43
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Hints and Tips for Whistleblowers - their comments on Tor and 
The first problem is the content is actually served up by
hostingprod.com and not ht4w.co.uk.  As far as the content in question, it is dangerously wrong.

@_date: 2010-10-05 15:07:56
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: StrictNodes 
You are running the -alpha version of tor, therefore you want the
appropriate man page, Which -alpha package are you using that has the -stable man page

@_date: 2010-10-07 12:29:20
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: AdvTor 
: Well, well, well.... suddenly the problem fixes "itself"... after
: 20+ disconnects and 10+ "You are using a proxy which is changing
: your data... refusing connection.." over the past 3 days.
This would be a lot better if it came with logs, bug reports, and data.
It could also be the destination site having problems, or the exit relay
is overloaded, or sun flares.  The Internet is complex, narrowing down
the problem to Tor or not Tor is a first step.

@_date: 2010-10-07 20:44:08
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Hidden service: Is it possible for an attacker to break out of 
: If there is no back-door or bug in your VM software, how you wanna break out
: of the VM?
That's a perfect world that doesn't exist.  The VM software will have
bugs, someone will exploit it.  For a start,

@_date: 2010-10-01 20:27:18
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: BetterPrivacy - necessary? 
: I concur but doesn't TorButton do all this suppression?
: : That said: what was the rationale in moving from Privoxy to Polipo?
: Did it happen because TorButton became standard?

@_date: 2010-09-21 14:03:25
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Vatlator 1.1. released 
I tried this out today and have some feedback.  It looks like a stock
ubuntu mini mix with tor, polipo, and firefox w/torbutton installed. As
a result, it leaks traffic and information on the network.  This is
bad.  For example, the iptables config is wide open and set to accept all both
outbound and inbound.  At a minimum, vatlator should transparently
proxy everything through Tor, and otherwise deny any traffic that isn't
going through Tor, like udp, icmp, etc.  iptables should deny or drop
all inbound traffic from outside the OS.
You may want to look at what the TAILS people have been doing do harden
their livecd,   Someone started to write this as a guide to help others,

@_date: 2010-09-09 10:12:39
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Why does this happen? 
Either your clock or the directory server's clock is wrong.

@_date: 2010-09-12 18:53:41
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: When is the 'MyFamily' setting unnecessary? 
It's easy, put all 20 nodes in the MyFamily line and just use that line
for all 20 nodes.
Perhaps it depends on what you mean by "rule".  The /16 network
diversity is in the tor source code.  There are other proposals in the
mix for circuits to contain a unique AS and/or a unique continent per

@_date: 2010-09-12 18:55:37
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: connect Vidalia to a running tor instance [solved] 
this doesn't sound correct.   with a shared cookie or hashed passphrase,
does your vidalia not connect to the existing tor on start?
The option above should start a new tor process, spawned by vidalia.

@_date: 2010-09-14 00:25:25
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: start tor with launchd? 
: i want to start tor with mac osx launchd service on computer startup. how can i do this?
I wrote a plist years ago as a proof of concept.  It's at
and may or may not work in modern OS X.

@_date: 2011-04-08 11:07:21
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] list archive files gziped twice? 
I don't see this behavior. Are you sure your browser didn't rename the
file or try to do something to it?
wget --2011-04-08 11:04:38--
Resolving lists.torproject.org... 38.229.70.18 Connecting to
lists.torproject.org|38.229.70.18|:443... connected. HTTP request sent,
awaiting response... 200 OK Length: 50075 (49K) [application/x-gzip]
Saving to: `2011-April.txt.gz'
50,075      --.-K/s   in 0.1s    2011-04-08 11:04:39 (340 KB/s) - `2011-April.txt.gz' saved [50075/50075]
file 2011-April.txt.gz 2011-April.txt.gz: gzip compressed data, was
"/var/lib/mailman/archives/priva", last modified: Thu Apr  7 23:27:02
2011, max compression
gzip -d 2011-April.txt.gz
file 2011-April.txt 2011-April.txt: ASCII English text, with very long lines

@_date: 2011-04-08 11:09:58
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] location question 
On Fri, 08 Apr 2011 05:10:29 +0000
I talked to Rob Savoye of the Gnash project about this.  He doesn't
think his code will disobey proxy settings.  It's a fine topic to
on which to do some analysis.

@_date: 2011-04-08 11:11:58
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Ticket #2594 (new enhancement) ["Excito needs a web 
On Tue, 5 Apr 2011 11:48:44 +0200
The official answer is that Runa is tasked to work on this, part-time.
She's also engaged with Excito to get some help to make it happen.
Focusing on the torouter, openwrt project is higher priority right now.

@_date: 2011-04-17 14:37:30
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] announcing releases 
I've always preferred an announcement as soon as the source tarball is
uploaded and ready.  Packages can be announced via the blog when they
are ready.

@_date: 2011-04-20 17:41:12
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Torbutton problem 
On Wed, Apr 20, 2011 at 05:51:54PM -0300, javierbassi at gmail.com wrote 0.7K bytes in 16 lines about:
: The problem is that there might be a situation in which you are using
: tor network without knowing. It's ok for the plugin to modify settings
Are you using the same firefox profile with both browsers?

@_date: 2011-04-22 11:27:45
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] To Toggle, or not to Toggle: The End of Torbutton 
On Fri, 22 Apr 2011 10:53:19 -0400
Perhaps I'm confused over the details, but I do this daily.  I use TBB
for my anonymous/private browsing and the system firefox for
non-anonymous/private browsing.  The two never mix profiles, memory,
cache, etc.
It works fine on a netbook with a low-end atom cpu and 512mb of ram.

@_date: 2011-04-22 12:34:40
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] To Toggle, or not to Toggle: The End of Torbutton 
On Fri, Apr 22, 2011 at 11:19:47AM -0500, joebtfsplk at gmx.com wrote 1.8K bytes in 31 lines about:
: The operative word for * low resource * machines is
Can we define "low resource" then? A crappy netbook cpu with 512mb of
ram is pretty low resource, but it runs both tbb and system firefox at
the same time just fine.
If we're talking about much older machines that can barely run one
instance of firefox, then people have to switch between browsers,
running only one at a time. TBB is 24MB, a full firefox install on a
minimal linux install will fit in 1GB or so.

@_date: 2011-04-24 19:11:02
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Better Privacy for Tor Node Operators 
: > If you run a Tor node at your home IP address you will loose the
: > positive side effect of a dynamic IP address and your IP layer anonymity
: > decreases to that of a static IP address because your node identity
: > links all your public IP addresses.
I don't understand this statement.  Why does a running a tor relay on
your home IP address give you less anonymity?
It seems you thought a dynamic IP is somehow more anonymous than a
static IP.
This is secondary to the thought that anonymity can be measured in some

@_date: 2011-04-24 19:12:00
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Anonymity projects on Facebook :) 
: Are any of these official? Are there others?
: Note some of the other interesting groups linked from these pages.
: And of course... +1 :)
: : : Neither of these are official.  One would think we could spell our own
name correctly.

@_date: 2011-04-25 07:06:28
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Better Privacy for Tor Node Operators 
On Mon, 25 Apr 2011 10:26:29 +0200
Yes, I encourage everyone who runs a relay at home to use Tor for all
of their traffic.

@_date: 2011-04-27 22:34:10
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] no country flags in Vidalia 2.10 
: I also can't see country flags with Vidalia 0.2.12 in linux. The logs
: don't say anything about it.
Did you install tor-geoipdb package?

@_date: 2011-08-01 07:47:12
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor IM Bundle? 
: any info on the safety of torchat would be highly appreciated
: : >> I have no experience with Yahoo Messenger, but there's an IM program
: >> designed
: >> for Tor: : >>
: >
: > hmm.. any reason why this is not part of the tor im browser?
Torchat isn't designed to talk to existing instant messaging networks.
It is designed to create one using hidden services in a peer to peer
manner. I don't believe anyone has audited the code.

@_date: 2011-08-02 20:10:25
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Reason Firefox version in TBB is so far behind? 
It's the latest udpated Firefox 3.6 branch.  FF4 branch has been killed and replaced with 5.  We have FF5 testing bundles. See

@_date: 2011-08-11 07:59:05
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How to set up a site on hidden service? 
: I intend to set up a web-site under Tor hidden service.
: I installed thttpd and set up that web-server and the tor-hidden server
: as it disribed in
: "
We need to clarify these instructions. thttpd is just a
suggestion, not a requirement.  thttpd is a very simple webserver, it
doesn't support dynamic languages well, if at all. It's a suggestion
because it is so simple.
If you want to host a hidden service website, you need a webserver of
some kind. thttpd, lighttpd, and apache are all possibilities.  People
have hosted hidden service websites on IIS. Use whatever you are most
comfortable with using.

@_date: 2011-08-11 08:07:00
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Designing a secure "Tor box" for safe web browsing? 
: so, I've been browsing the web using Tor for some time now, and I have to say that, at least with the cir quid I am currently using, I'm quite impressed with the performance, especially since I'm only connected through a 3g ap at the moment! So, I've had a look around the Torproject site and reading up on how it all works and what safeguarding should be performed in order to stay secure. So, I was thinking, how could I get all the systems that are part of my own home network to access the web securely and anonymously? Well, I came up with the following idea, and since some of you guys may have tried this, was wondering if this would be practicable:
Many people use Tails[1] for this on a dedicated host, or they're waiting
for the torouter[2] to exist in some form.
[1] [2] In either case, the most controversial issue is the transparent routing
of all TCP traffic over Tor. The concern is that this is going to
encourage people do to unsafe things over tor.  Even if it isn't
encouraged, people will use technologies that cannot be properly secured
and merely push the risks from their local network and ISP to exit
relays.  The costs to the user could be high. The current discussion is found at

@_date: 2011-08-11 08:16:27
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hijacking Advertising to give a Tor Exit node 
: Could a Tor Exit Node pay itself and eventually generate more revenue to
: install other tor server by being self-supported by advertising?
: A Tor Exit Node could modify all the advertising that the user see while
: web browsing (google adwords, facebook, doubleclick, etc) by injecting
: it's own sponsored AD in http flow.
This has been done in the past, it didn't go well. Advertising networks
eventually kicked the person off their networks because 'anonymous
clicks' weren't valuable to them. If they don't tie your identity and
your click traffic together, the data isn't worth anything to them.  used to be a custom Tor browser that integrated
torbutton into the firefox codebase. See
 for that
history.  It also included a configuration that forced you through the
torfox exit relays, which conveniently used javascript to automatically
click on ads that you the human never saw.
The torfox exit relays were unpublished relays and hardcoded into the
torfox browser.
In a conversation with mister torfox himself via a .onion forum, he
claimed to be making $350,000 a year this way. It was later revealed the
$350,000 was the sum of all their ad network hacking, not just torfox.
And it all went away when the ad networks disabled his accounts for
click fraud.

@_date: 2011-08-14 15:52:56
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Pirate Linux 
: We want Pirate Linux to be for day to day use, so a Purely Live CD wouldn't
Purely livecd's can write to other storage though. I've used tails day
to day when traveling with an encrypted fs on usb storage just fine.
Tails also offers the ability to install to another storage device. However, the more choices the better. Tails is a fine solution. Others
may like The Haven Project or Pirate Linux. Good luck.
I encourage you to continue to publish your specifications and threat
models so motivated users can make their own decisions. Peer review will
only make you stronger.

@_date: 2011-08-14 17:53:04
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Pirate Linux 
On Sun, Aug 14, 2011 at 02:38:37PM -0600, akarmn at gmail.com wrote 4.4K bytes in 107 lines about:
: Ya its not just the Live CD aspect of it. But also, people aren't going to
: use Tor 24/7. So if all internet traffic goes through Tor, that could turn
That's just your assumption. I use tor 24/7 when I travel; or said
another way, I only use tails when I travel because I don't trust the
networks at hotels, conferences, and places I visit. I also use
hidden services heavily to do mundane things like login to servers,
check mail, git, etc even when not traveling.
I may also be an outlier from the general population.

@_date: 2011-08-16 16:14:03
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hidden services for mundane things (was: Re: Pirate 
On Tue, Aug 16, 2011 at 11:38:35AM -0400, tedks at riseup.net wrote 2.6K bytes in 68 lines about:
: Is there a reason for doing this over a hidden service instead of just
: Tor? I use a hidden service to check if my home server is reachable, but
: if I'm on a network I don't trust (which is most of them) I just connect
: to things through Tor.
I do this because I don't want to have to trust the exit node, the isp
of the exit node, and the networks between the exit node and the
destination. I use tor for lots of stuff, banking, general browsing,
etc. But checking my email, ssh access, and such I do via hidden service
so, in theory, no one knows what I'm doing.
For clarity, every server I access has a hidden service setup in torrc,
like so:
HiddenServiceDir /usr/local/var/lib/tor/hidden/ssh/
HiddenServicePort 22 127.0.0.1:22
HiddenServiceDir /usr/local/var/lib/tor/hidden/web/
HiddenServicePort 80 127.0.0.1:80
HiddenServiceDir /usr/local/var/lib/tor/hidden/imaps/
HiddenServicePort 995 127.0.0.1:995
and so on for each different service. Some hosts have 10 different hidden services on them. I've been doing
this for years. It lets me keep a simple deny all incoming firewall, and
not have to worry about NAT and such. Hidden services just work and are
globally accessible.

@_date: 2011-08-16 16:17:45
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hidden services for mundane things (was: Re: Pirate 
On Tue, Aug 16, 2011 at 12:30:54PM -0700, letsshareinformation at yahoo.com wrote 1.4K bytes in 28 lines about:
: I would like to know the addresses of hidden services that let you do these things. I may be misunderstanding, Andrew, but are you talking about a hidden service gateway to the rest of the Internet? Is it public?
You are misunderstanding. I have a shell server somewhere in the world.
It hosts my calendar. I setup a hidden service just for my calendar
service. That's how I access my calendar, via hidden service. It's simple, easy, and works anywhere in the world.

@_date: 2011-08-17 14:51:57
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The project "tormail" 
My first reaction is they should change their name. Perhaps onionmail.net. At least put a disclaimer on the website that this has nothing to do with Tor the non-profit. And yes, their hidden service appears unreachable.  Hopefully it explains what they do, how they host, and what they can access of client data.

@_date: 2011-08-17 22:49:27
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Vidalia bundle DNS question 
You can't.  DNS queries will go through Tor. If you query your local DNS servers, your dns provider learns every domain you wish to visit. Even if they don't see your traffic because it travels through tor, your dns lookups will give away what you are doing, when, and how often.

@_date: 2011-08-18 09:32:05
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Vidalia bundle DNS question 
: Well that's not good.  You see many DNS servers are poisoning the servers I wish to : contact and when I uses a specified DNS server I get to the host.  When I do Tor many Tor : connections have been DNS poisoned.
: I can't use my IP address more than once or I get rejected.
Do you have examples?

@_date: 2011-08-18 19:38:31
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The project "tormail" 
On Thu, Aug 18, 2011 at 10:52:54PM +0000, jbrownfirst at gmail.com wrote 1.0K bytes in 17 lines about:
: 1) Is it need to use ssl when connecting to hidden service? What can
: see the last tor-node in the traffic to a hidden service? I don't
: understand it well.
No, ssl is not required.
 may help you
understand it.
: 2) It is very pitty but now many sites required using JS for its
: services. As I know the JS can "steel" only internal ip-address not the
: external. Or I am wrong?
There's no proof that javascript itself can leak your IP address, at
least none that we've seen. It can be used to leak lots of other
information about you, see  for more

@_date: 2011-08-24 12:23:07
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] presentation about tor and onion routing? 
All of our presentations are kept here,   They're all CC-BY licensed. Some of us use openoffice/libreoffice and some use latex-beamer. The source files and resulting PDFs are all there.
We also have videos of some talks at

@_date: 2011-08-25 13:33:31
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Bridges No Longer Work 
The easiest explanation is that the bridges you were using no longer exist.  If tor connects without bridges, then you really don't need them.

@_date: 2011-08-25 19:27:21
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Bridges No Longer Work 
On Thu, Aug 25, 2011 at 07:02:03PM +0000, moeedsalam at gmail.com wrote 1.5K bytes in 44 lines about:
: > If tor connects without bridges, then you really don't need them.
: Well isn't it an extra bit of security so your isp doesnt know you are
: connecting to TOR?
It can do that, assuming your ISP is cross-referencing every IP accessed
with a list of current tor relays.
Using a bridge can also speed up your tor circuits if your connection to
the bridge is fast. It would be interesting to test this configuration
to get some hard data behind it.

@_date: 2011-08-25 22:30:42
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Bridges No Longer Work 
On Fri, Aug 26, 2011 at 12:42:29AM +0000, moeedsalam at gmail.com wrote 2.2K bytes in 60 lines about:
: >From what i understood, since the connection to the TOR directory server is
: unencrypted, then thats another way the ISP can know also, correct?
This hasn't been true for years.  All connections to the tor directory
are through a single-hop tor connection, between your client and the
directory server. Somewhere in the 0.2.1.x releases we defaulted to the
wrapped connection (therefore encrypted) between the client and relay
serving up the directory.

@_date: 2011-08-25 22:32:54
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Bridges No Longer Work 
On Thu, Aug 25, 2011 at 06:34:49PM -0700, jw at securenym.net wrote 1.2K bytes in 29 lines about:
: My bridges are completely updated.
: : That I would receive an error stating "No known working bridges found"
: (my wording)
: puzzled me. To this day, I am unable to connect using bridges at all.
: Nothing has changed on my box so I'm at a total loss to explain this.
it states your bridges are not working. The simplest test is to open up
telnet to the IP:port combination and see if you successfully open a tcp
socket. if not, the bridge isn't valid.
: Recently, someone posted a question to the effect that how does a user
: know which bridges are active and which are not?
Right now, you don't know as a user. Tor tries the bridges and if they
fail, puts it on a counter to try again later. Vidalia, the graphical
interface you see, has no way to show working vs. non-working bridges. I
believe there is a ticket open about this somewhere in trac, but I
cannot find it right now.

@_date: 2011-08-27 09:32:25
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] release note for latest browser bundle 
: >I've looked all over.  Where can full release notes / change logs
: >be found for latest releases of TBB (alpha, beta or stable).  All
: >I've found is brief summaries of main items.
: No official release / changes notes for TBB & Tor?
This is all we have,
At the bottom is the changelog.

@_date: 2011-08-27 12:14:44
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] release note for latest browser bundle 
On Sat, Aug 27, 2011 at 09:14:39AM -0500, joebtfsplk at gmx.com wrote 1.3K bytes in 33 lines about:
: Don't find a readme or changelog for TBB 2.2.31-1a.  All I find is
: on the blog-   ,  shown below.  Are
: these all the changes from previous release?
You are right, I opened a ticket,

@_date: 2011-08-31 07:52:36
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Norton Antivirus and Tor Browser Bundle 
On Wed, Aug 31, 2011 at 04:18:34AM -0700, michaelwprx at yahoo.com.au wrote 1.2K bytes in 33 lines about:
: I extracted Tor Browser Bundle to my flash drive and clicked on Tor.exe
: Norton Antivirus immediately flagged Tor.exe as a virus and deleted it.
You want to run 'start tor browser.exe' to start it correctly.  And
norton probably quarantined it somewhere.  You can remove it from
quarantine.  It would be interesting to know which virus/malware norton
thinks it has.

@_date: 2011-08-31 10:21:44
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Usage Statistics for Iran 
The Persian News Network has been promoting Tor to their viewership in August.  This is likely the cause of the jump in usage from Iran. However, this is just a correlation.

@_date: 2011-08-31 10:35:47
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB - most secure version? 
TBB is going to be the easiest.  From a usage perspective, it is download, unzip, run.  Tor is not easy from the perspective of trying to understand all of the risks, rewards, and challenges with online privacy and anonymity. Torbutton 1.4.1 is compatible with Firefox 6.0.
The TBB contain torbutton embedded in Firefox.  We're finding that allowing users to toggle torbutton on and off is fraught with difficulties and data leaks. See Mike's post for far more information,   And correct, they do not contain Privoxy nor Polipo.  Privoxy is a fine filtering proxy, however it's slow and doesn't handle HTTP 1.1, and is complex to configure for 90% of our users.  When we shipped privoxy, it was a non-
filtering configuration that merely acted as glue between Firefox and Tor.  We needed the glue because Firefox through version 4 contained a bug in the SOCKS layer.  See this FAQ entry for more information, The Tor 0.2.2-x branch is now stable.  We believe it is safe to use.  The new -alpha branch is very alpha and probably contains all sorts of new risks yet to be discovered.  The Tor Browser Bundles with 0.2.2.-stable are being updated and released this week. The -rc versions of 0.2.2 were also safe, but we wanted to make sure everything worked as planned for as many people as possible before declaring them -stable.

@_date: 2011-12-01 22:10:40
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [Re: [liberationtech] Not another Haystack right?] 
For those who want to see the 'official response' to this thread as
forwarded by Eugene yesterday.

@_date: 2011-12-04 20:01:24
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB on maemo under n900 
: As I think the TBB cat run under any linux machine, am I wrong?
: How can I start the TBB in my maemo?
Have you tried  ?
The TBB we ship is compiled for x86, maemo on phones is ARM. You'll need
build your own TBB for ARM cpus.

@_date: 2011-12-04 20:02:56
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Expert Bundle 
:  As "Browser Bundle" crashes unexpectedly ,  downloaded "Expert Bundle" for
What crashes do you have? It sounds like fixing these is the first problem.
 are some steps for the expert bundle.

@_date: 2011-12-12 12:54:48
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Browser Bundle w Linux Packaging & TAILS 
Have you read the TBB design document? It may answer many more
questions, TBB for linux is not a deb nor rpm based on packaging guidelines. There
is nothing to install per se. It's a simple tarball that is extracted.
We sign every package, so the tarball is signed and can be validated.
There's a project called thandy that will allow for partial updates of
TBB. Tails is a separate project, you should talk to them directly.
Thandy can be found at Tails is a separate project, you should ask them. You may also find
 the other projects
helpful too.

@_date: 2011-12-12 12:59:00
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB, iptables, and seperation of concerns 
On Mon, 12 Dec 2011 01:00:37 -0500
What security reasons? pgp verification of all TBB releases is
available. See
Polipo hasn't been shipped for a while. You're talking about sandboxing
TBB for more safety. We agree and have a loose plan to implement such a
sandbox in Windows, OS X, and linux. Please help us.
Currently a volunteer is working on OS X because that's what they know
the best,

@_date: 2011-12-13 09:52:03
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Browser Bundle w Linux Packaging & TAILS 
On Mon, 12 Dec 2011 22:34:03 -0500
There is no installation of TBB, there is only unzip/untar and run,
preferably in the user's homedir. Please open an enhancement ticket and
provide scripts to convert tbb into a deb/rpm and correctly do this if
you are convinced a repo is a valid distribution method.
And tor is blocked in these countries, even in the repositories. Your
tcp connection will be reset if you try to install tor in China from a
debian repo. You will not find Tor in the Chinese mirrors of the debian
repos. At least, this is the experience of the people I've worked with,
and my own, when trying to setup tor from either freebsd or debian shell
servers inside China. deb.torproject.org is blocked in a few countries
as well.
Local repositories are not used to circumvent national policies, but
rather enforce them.

@_date: 2011-12-15 12:40:47
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor OPSEC - Operational Security - Great Resource of 
Generally, I use bridges to avoid telling the local network I'm
connecting to the Tor Network. If I forget to get some bridges in
advance, I'll just connect to faceless.me or ipredator and then fire up
Tor. Rarely, I'll just connect to an open SOCKS5/HTTPS proxy and tunnel
Tor through that.
Most of my problem with bridges is that they are unreliable. I seem to
find the ones that have connectivity problems. I either end up with a
list of 40 bridges, or I just get new ones before a trip. I know Karsten wrote a paper about bridge stability and giving out at
least one stable bridge per set given,
There is hope that in the future, at least one of my chosen bridges is

@_date: 2011-12-15 12:53:59
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Did we decide about bad exits ? Where does 
I mostly agree with this 'pay it forward mentality'. I almost use Tor
for all of my tcp traffic. This includes watching cute cat videos on
youtube, vimeo, etc. I'm well acquainted with the 'buffering' message
in html5 video.
I also use tor to download operating system iso such as Debian,
FreeBSD, and the like. I once transferred an entire virtual machine
(5GB) over ssh over Tor when I was traveling and crossing borders
There are completely legitimate uses of bittorrent over Tor. I've
talked to people who want to get their ISO of Fedora or Ubuntu from
outside their country, so they bt over tor to do so. I'm fully aware that the tor codebase punishes me for doing large
downloads over Tor, so be it.

@_date: 2011-12-19 23:44:15
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "If you have access to certain tools, 
This also requires the user not being very sophisticated. If you load
up html emails full of web-bugs, javascript, and your normal browser
pointed at Tor, then I believe most of what 'SR' says is correct. I
don't believe this is true for Tor Browser users, but I welcome
research and proof otherwise.  Also, we'll fix any leaks found.
If the 'wiretappers ball' has shown anything, there are plenty of
well-marketed solutions for surveilling and stalking unsuspecting
users. Ask them how well they work against even moderately
sophisticated users, like junior agents of foreign agencies, you'll get
a different answer and lots of weasel words.
I've seen these tools used by abusers against their victims as
well. If you can infect the operating system, such as carrier IQ,
keyloggers, software to 'know where your kid/spouse/dog are at all
times', and the like, you've won. Tor alone cannot protect you if your
operating system is compromised. Tails can help in these situations. If
your hardware is compromised, tails can still help, with caveats.
If you're trying to be anonymous with Tor while someone with an
automatic weapon is standing behind you, you've lost in many ways.
It's all about understanding and managing risks.

@_date: 2011-12-19 23:59:14
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "If you have access to certain tools, 
On Sun, 18 Dec 2011 21:02:37 -0600
There's a constant set of tradeoffs between usability and privacy. I
think we should be erring more on the side of caution. The current
design of Torbrowser is here,
3rd party cookies are not enabled by default. There's also some work on
minimal noscript changes that won't break the web for 99% of the users,
 If we're forced
to put one in someday, we'll make it obvious and loud that it is so.
The world will be in a sad state if this comes true. A forced backdoor
in Tor will be the least of your problems.
I parse this as the 'abstinence model of Internets'. It doesn't work for
sex education, addictive substances, and it's unlikely to work for
anyone in a modern society. We need a better answer than 'all or
nothing'. We're trying to make Tor one of these better answers.

@_date: 2011-12-20 11:02:53
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
Perhaps you are interested in the exit authority code,

@_date: 2011-12-21 11:45:37
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] check.torproject.org outage 21 Dec 2011 
As of late last night 20 Dec (GMT-5) our website hosting provider is
experiencing a sustained attack. The attack is not directed at Tor, but
someone else on the same network. The effect is that parts of our
website infrastructure are intermittently unreachable. This includes
the following domains in torproject.org: www, trac, gitweb, doxygen,
cloud, svn, and check.
The most visible outage is check.torproject.org. Every Tor Browser
Bundle user will attempt to reach this url on start up. You are
currently seeing a browser-generated timeout message as the site is
We're working to setup a new instance of check.torproject.org on a
different machine today.

@_date: 2011-12-21 17:49:01
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] janusvm still safe? 
On Wed, 21 Dec 2011 17:14:17 -0500
I run tails in a VM all the time. It's perfectly safe. The warning is
that if the host OS is compromised, so is Tails.

@_date: 2011-12-21 20:04:55
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] check.torproject.org outage 21 Dec 2011 
Everything is back online and working as expected.

@_date: 2011-12-21 20:09:57
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
On Thu, Dec 22, 2011 at 12:37:11AM +0000, gozu at xerobank.net wrote 0.3K bytes in 6 lines about:
: I trust that all with strong opinions on this issue are at least
: somewhat familiar with recent work by Eric Filiol's group.
is still just as valid today as it was when originally written.

@_date: 2011-12-22 07:18:30
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] check.torproject.org outage 21 Dec 2011 
: Since last night (even now), Chrome was unable to access
:  with an error:
: : Invalid Server Certificate
: You attempted to reach  but the server presented an
: invalid certificate.
I'll guarantee you the cert didn't change. I can't get this error to
occur when hitting any of the webservers.     *.torproject.org SSL certificate from Digicert:
    The serial number is: 02:DA:41:04:89:A5:FD:A2:B5:DB:DB:F8:ED:15:0D:BE
    The SHA-1 fingerprint is: a7e70f8a648fe04a9677f13eedf6f91b5f7f2e25
    The SHA-256 fingerprint is: 23b854af6b96co224fd173382c520b46fa94f2d4e7238893f63ad2d783e27b4b
    blog.torproject.org SSL certificate from RapidSSL:
    The serial number is: 00:EF:A3
    The SHA-1 fingerprint is: 50af43db8438e67f305a3257d8ef198e8c42f13f
On my normal browser, I've removed all CAs. The cert presented today
matches the cert I've accepted in the past.
Do you have a copy of the cert being presented?

@_date: 2011-12-22 07:22:02
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] janusvm still safe? 
On Thu, Dec 22, 2011 at 10:31:36AM +0100, matej.kovacic at owca.info wrote 0.8K bytes in 20 lines about:
: The only problem is, I cannot copy-paste data from and to clipboards
: between host and TAILS.
pastee.org, gobby, etc are options. Essentially, use a 3rd party (perhaps
even your own) to share the data between environments.

@_date: 2011-12-22 07:28:22
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor transparent proxy implementation on Windows 
: > So, use TAILs.
: As far I understand that also uses only a normal Tor installation... No transparent proxy.
It transparently proxies all apps running in Tails through Tor. All UDP is either sent through i2p or dropped.
In general, our thoughts on transparent proxying on Windows fall to the
"tor network adapter" model. Openvpn does this just fine. One of the
complications is handling all of the non-TCP traffic. Should a 'tor
network adapter' just drop non-TCP? Should it tunnel udp in tcp? if so,
what unencapsulates udp over tcp on the other end?
And getting a 'tor network adapter' correct requires skills we don't
currently have. If some talented Windows network coder wants to try,
lots of people would love it. coderman tried with his 'torvm' idea,

@_date: 2011-12-22 07:31:58
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] check.torproject.org outage 21 Dec 2011 
: Is there anything that speaks against multiple check servers to
: avoid this in the future?
In general, no. Other than, the multiple check servers need to run by
very trusted people, as they see every TBB startup.
Specifically, the check codebase is getting replaced by torbel. Even
better is to get rid of the need to hit an external site at all. If TBB
could load up 99% of the check site locally, perhaps making a simple query
to check.tpo to receive an answer to 'tor or not', that would work
better. Best is if TBB never has to hit an external site to query anything
to determine 'tor or not'. Torora had some way to determine 'tor or not'
locally, and in a fairly reliable way.

@_date: 2011-12-23 20:48:51
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] browser with best privacy without using the Tor 
On Fri, Dec 23, 2011 at 06:40:39PM -0500, tmail299 at errtech.com wrote 1.9K bytes in 44 lines about:
: For various reasons it sounds like there is a lot of demand for separating
: Tor from the TBB. It would be nice if we could fund the development of
We already offer this. See the Expert Bundle,
 Another
option is to compile from source. We provide copy and paste directions
for building Tor on all platforms, it's just more work on Windows.
: if certain features would be added as a result. I donate a fair amount of
: spare bandwidth from a high speed co-located server although have never
Thanks for running a relay.

@_date: 2011-12-27 10:42:12
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
On Tue, 27 Dec 2011 06:03:17 +0000 (UTC)
Apparently I'm a moron that runs a relay from home. If it doesn't
violate the ISP contract Terms of Service, then why not? You're paying
for the bandwidth, might as well use it for something good.

@_date: 2011-12-29 18:16:37
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What is going on with /var/run/tor? 
: Tor does not appear to run on start-up.  I assume this because I cannot see
: it using ps aux | grep tor.
What did you install?
It sounds like you may have two tor installations. Or at least, two tor
configs that cause tor to be configured in two very different ways.

@_date: 2011-12-30 10:10:14
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB on GNU and Windows 
I've added "--no-remote" to my non-tor Firefoxes on OSX and
Linuxes/FreeBSD to avoid the conflicts. Users call in with the same
problems too. I hope it isn't intentional, it makes using tbb with normal
firefox a pain in the ass. You have to remember to start non-tor
firefox first, and then TBB. Order of starting shouldn't matter.

@_date: 2011-12-30 10:27:53
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why can't I hide/minimize to tray anymore? 
What are you trying to hide/minimize? which os? which desktop? etc?

@_date: 2011-12-30 16:07:42
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why can't I hide/minimize to tray anymore? 
On Fri, 30 Dec 2011 12:59:50 -0500
You probably mean 64-bit. What patch level are you at?  I cannot
replicate this on my win7 64bit test machine. TBB 0.2.3.35-3 works fine.

@_date: 2011-12-30 16:40:29
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] newbie: tor browser bundle and privoxy 
: So, Tor Browser Bundle does not contain Privoxy.
: Now question: does this mean, that Tor Browser Bundle is less secure
: than separately installed Tor + Privoxy?
No. The old answer for this is here,
The current answer is that Aurora/Firefox 6 and newer use SOCKS correctly
and do not leak DNS queries. Other applications you may use with Tor may
leak DNS requests. The Vidalia Message log will generally report these
leaks correctly.

@_date: 2011-12-30 16:42:02
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What is going on with /var/run/tor? 
: Second, I installed as suggested here (option two) for Ubuntu lucid:
: Just a reminder that this is the most complex way to use Tor. It's far
easier to simply download TBB for Linux and run it.

@_date: 2011-12-30 16:55:07
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
On Fri, Dec 30, 2011 at 04:50:57AM +0000, case at SDF.ORG wrote 1.4K bytes in 38 lines about:
: Either way your name is not attached to it, and your home address,
: etc., isn't either.
It's trivial for law enforcement to make the one hop from your company
to you and then to your house. Stupid criminals use a front company all
the time. While this may provide some legal protection after you're
raided and talking to a lawyer, you still get the swat team if your
local police are prone to overreaction. : The list may not appreciate my criticism, but the reality is we get
: about one post every six months from someone who literally has their
: door kicked in and their property stolen by the state.
So what? Just because there are overzealous police forces doesn't
mean running a Tor relay isn't legal and not your right to use the
banwidth for which you pay monthly. The vast majority of people
will never experience the exception to the rule; the SWAT team at 5
AM.  is
my experience. This is still the case four years later.
One raided relay out of 3000 relays every six months is a fantastic
ratio. I wish it were zero, but running Tor is not illegal, nor
is relaying traffic for others. The vast majority of Tor traffic is
benign, normal traffic from people who need Tor. I'm going to trust the
probability that says I'm very unlikely to get raided for a Tor exit
node at home.
We also have the start of a legal directory for relay operators,
 At
the worst, call me, I'll try to help. I've helped many over the past
few years, some of them as the police were in the house asking
questions. I'm not a lawyer, but I'll try to help you find one, if needed.

@_date: 2011-02-19 23:20:36
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] or-talk list migration Feb 19, 2011 
And this is complete.  Old mail archives are still in progress.
On Sat, 19 Feb 2011 10:59:14 -0500

@_date: 2011-02-23 22:56:48
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Weather reports Node Out of Date! 
We tagged and released 0.2.1.30 Tuesday night.  The directory
authorities are updated, so when Tor Weather queries the version, it
sees 0.2.1.30 > 0.2.1.29 and alerts people.  Unfortunately, we're still
building packages for all of the OSes.

@_date: 2011-02-24 07:10:00
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Weather reports Node Out of Date! 
On Thu, Feb 24, 2011 at 12:11:57AM -0500, arma at mit.edu wrote 1.2K bytes in 27 lines about:
: Seems like Weather should alert the user if their version is not in the
: recommended versions list. It shouldn't alert the user if there exists
: a version newer than their current one, yet both are in the recommended
: versions list.
Sounds like a plan.
: (I guess we could have a "mail me whenever a new version comes out"
: option, but I think that's called a mailing list.)
Most relay operators are not on any mailing list, and one of the goals
of the Weather rewrite was to be able to alert operators with outdated
relays that they are out of date.  And in fact, there are two options an
operator can sign up for:
Recommended Updates: Emails when the router is not running the most
up-to-date stable version of Tor.
Required Updates: Emails when the router is running an obsolete version
of Tor.
I'm guessing the original poster chose the first one.  See

@_date: 2011-02-24 07:11:53
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Mailing list bug 
:  'Reply-To: "tor-talk" '
: Also, I believe that blurb belongs to tor-dev, not tor-talk,
: for which another header or two per list would need fixed.
I fixed it two days ago after getting annoyed at mailman for the same

@_date: 2011-02-28 16:07:07
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is tor-announce still being used? 
Yes, it's still being used and I just received the seul.org archives
today.  I'm going to import them in the next few days for all migrated

@_date: 2011-02-08 18:01:10
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Design Change Causing More Traffic? 
: I am on dialup and so I am very sensitive to the amount of traffic
: overhead in the operation of Tor.  Lately that seems to have increased
: significantly.  Assuming I am not just imagining it (I have no objective
: measurements to back this up) is this just because of the build-out of
: the network or has then there been a design change that would cause this?
Which version of tor?

@_date: 2011-02-13 21:34:25
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Scroogle and Tor 
I've talked to a few services that do one of the following:
- Run a Tor exit enclave, which would only allow exit through Tor to
  your webservers.  There are a few services that run a tor client and
  simply block every IP in the consensus, except their exit enclave.
- Run a hidden service.  Due to the current state of hidden services,
  it'll slow down everything.
- Run a tor exit enclave against one, non-load balanced server for tor
  users. If someone abuses it, the reality of slower response times is a
  self-enforcing feedback loop. Of course, this sucks for the
  non-abusers.
- Rate limiting queries in the application.  The Google solution of
  CAPTCHA. The Yahoo/Bing solution of throwing up a temporary error
  page when queries cross some threshold per IP address.

@_date: 2011-02-13 21:35:14
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: or-talk list migration Feb 19, 2011 
A reminder that this migration occurs this week.
On Mon, 24 Jan 2011 15:05:03 -0500

@_date: 2011-02-18 16:39:39
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Where is vidalia config file?.MacOSX. 
: I compiled/installed vidalia-0.2.10 from sources but I cannot find the vidalia configuration file(on Linux vidalia.conf) so I can change some things not available from the vidalia GUI interface.
It's in ~/Library/Vidalia or /Users/username/Library/Vidalia.

@_date: 2011-02-19 10:59:14
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: or-talk list migration Feb 19, 2011 
A final reminder that this migration occurs today.
On Sun, 13 Feb 2011 21:35:14 -0500

@_date: 2011-02-01 13:18:28
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Proposal for making Tor TLS stand out less 
There is a fine thread on or-dev about this, starting here,

@_date: 2011-01-31 21:25:16
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Per-Tab Torbutton 
Mike can answer this better, but I believe the main problem with this
is that Firefox doesn't have a per-tab reference model.  Meaning, a
non-tor tab could reload some content in a tor-tab, de-anonymizing you
in the process.  Or some javascript/metarefresh can load between tabs
and get your non-tor state and then your tor-state; which correlates
your identity in both cases.

@_date: 2011-01-11 21:36:28
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: geeez... 
On Wed, 12 Jan 2011 02:29:49 +0100
Ask the CCC for a start.  They have defended many Germans already.

@_date: 2011-01-13 00:03:58
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: polipo-tor deb/ubuntu native package 
: I've advertised this a few times, to virtually no response.  The
: tor-assistants mlist has been confused, with people telling me they
: weren't sure what their ubuntu strategy was, whether they even wanted
: debian packages, etc.
: : I haven't, for the life of me, been able to even figure out who to
: talk to.  I've posted emails perhaps 3 times, with virtually no
: feedback.  Nobody's apparently doing anything.  I don't blame them,
: because the debian packaging tools and docs are complicated and
: annoying.
There has been much discussion over a combined tor and polipo package,
as well as a vidalia-tor-polipo package for deb-based systems.  The core issue is that packages should not overwrite other packages
config files.  We've generally assumed (wrongly) that linux users
understand their system and can handle manual configuration of a few
packages, such as tor, polipo, and vidalia.  The general answer for
users who just want a tor client is to use the tor browser bundle.  The real answer is to fix firefox so it doesn't need a proxy between it
and Tor.  We patch firefox to do just this in the osx and linux tor
browser bundles.  Polipo was a fine kludge until either we started
patching firefox or mozilla fixed their many-years-old socks bug.
I tried to summarize this state of affairs in
As for ubuntu, we've started to work with their build teams to get
an updated tor in their repositories.  We do build our own debs for many
versions of ubuntu, but not your polipo-tor specific deb.
If you want to talk about integrating your build and config into our
build system, please open a ticket,
  The great thing about free software is that you're welcome to do just
what you're doing.  You don't like the situation, so you solve it.
Great.

@_date: 2011-01-17 19:15:53
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: polipo-tor deb/ubuntu native package 
On Mon, 17 Jan 2011 12:21:56 -0800
Tor Browser Bundle isn't something to install, you extract and run.
I've seen a few linux users just double click the tar.gz file and run
from inside their archive extractor.

@_date: 2011-01-24 15:05:03
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: or-talk list migration Feb 19, 2011 
Hello or-talk subscribers,
On February 19, 2011, we are migrating or-talk from or-talk at seul.org to
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org.  We will migrate your e-mail address's
subscription to the new list. You will receive a confirmation from the
new mailing list software on the 19th.
Current or-talk archives will be migrated.  Roger plans to leave the
current archives in place at seul.org as well.
We're using this migration to spread administration out to Tor's
sysadmin team rather than making Roger do everything himself.  The
secondary benefits of having the lists on the torproject.org domain
include SSL-enabled login, archives, and easier account management.
You can subscribe to the new list at
I will send out a reminder on the day of the migration.
Please e-mail tor-assistants at torproject.org with any questions.
Thank you.

@_date: 2011-01-28 16:35:19
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor exits in .edu space 
First and foremost, thank you.  We're trying to figure this out ourselves.  I've personally been the
introduction point between exit relay operators and a lawyer in their
country to help them when something goes wrong.  I've spoken to a number
of organizations, such as law enforcement, Internet providers, and
schools about what Tor is, who uses it, and how we can help when
criminals use tor.  In some cases, I've travelled to meet people to
spend time with them and help them as best I can.  Law enforcement organizations are generally surprised when we show up
to talk to them, to educate them, and explain that real people use tor
for real reasons.  If all you see all day are criminals using a hammer,
then clearly hammers are only for criminals.  It's the same with Tor.
It's frequently the case that their own investigators are using Tor to
hide their tracks online too, and are willing to show up to support us
and talk about how they use it.  I hope this helps stop SWAT teams from
kicking down doors when someone exits traffic for a jerk.
I've talked to people on the steps of their local police station just
after they were released from jail the night before.  I've talked to
people looking at academic suspension and huge fines because of a DMCA
notice.  This is why I started contacting law firms in various
countries to find resources for people,
  It
needs more work, it needs someone with more legal background to write
up a case guide for other lawyers/solicitors/judge advocates.
I am always impressed that 95% of those accused of something due to
their exit node fight harder to keep running a Tor exit node.  It's
people like this that help keep your liberties around the world.  Once
again, thank you.

@_date: 2011-01-28 21:41:32
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: cave updates, Qwest 
: Hi all.  i just wanted to give some updates regarding my router "cave"
: and experiences so far with running a Tor exit on my Qwest home DSL
: internet.
Thank you for sticking with it.  If there is some way I can help, please
email me.
: Unfortunately, there still exist some problems and hiccups i've been
: dealing with.  While the DMCA complaints have so far stopped, my
: internet has been disabled three times now due to 'malicious' behavior.
Interesting.  A while ago, I ran bothunter[1] on my exit node to see how
much malicious behavior ever came of a tor exit node.  After 46 days, it
reported 1 "bot", IP Address 8.8.8.8 as a command and control node.  Not
sure what that means, other than clearly it didn't like Google
PublicDNS. [1]

@_date: 2011-01-29 15:44:14
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Is "gatereloaded" a Bad Exit? 
It hasn't shown up in any of the exit scans as suspicious.  Lack of
contact info isn't a concern.  The exit policy is odd, yes.  However,
arguably those are also very popular ports as well.

@_date: 2011-01-29 21:24:23
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Is "gatereloaded" a Bad Exit? 
: What kind of scans do you perform? I thought these scans do only check
: for content manipulation? I dont see how to recognize if the traffic is
: recorded?
is the code.  You are correct in that we cannot detect recording of
: Yeah, I'm not saying "this is evil!!!!", but want to bring it into
: discussion, because I was unable to get any reasonable explanation for
: this exitpolicy.
: : Of course these ports are popular, but 443 is popular as well? So for me
: it looked like "pick all the popular _unencrypted_ ports".
I agree, it does look that way.  People can set "ExcludeExitNodes" for
gatereloaded in their torrc.

@_date: 2011-01-29 21:32:54
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Question and Confirmation. 
: My understanding is that Tor encrypts both the content of a data
: packet and also the header.  It encrypts the packet and header three
: times on the client (my computer) and then at each node one layer is
: decrypted until the data packet and header are decrypted to
: plaintext at the final exit node (except when TLS is used).  Right?
Actually, tor wraps the original traffic in encryption and tunnels it
through the 3 hops of a circuit.  We do not touch the original data.
: The Tor FAQ says "Tor is not illegal anywhere in the world".  Can
: that really be the case?  What about North Korea for example?  Tor
: as a specific tool might not be specifically illegal but surely it
: would fall under the rubric of some kind of stupid prohibition?
North Korea doesn't have Internet, much less personal computers
connected to anything.  As for the larger question, Tor itself is not illegal that we know of.
Circumventing the state-run proxy/firewall may be illegal.  However,
I'm sure if a Ministry of Culture wants to trump up charges, "crimes
against the common good or morals" is a fine charge to levy on someone
in custody.  A fine bit of legal research would be to discover in which
countries circumventing a national firewall or blocklist is illegal.

@_date: 2011-01-30 18:29:18
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Question and Confirmation. 
On Sun, 30 Jan 2011 23:15:17 +0000
Does this image help at all?
Your original data is tunnelled through tor.  Your original packets are
wrapped in onionskins and moved about the globe.

@_date: 2011-01-31 08:56:20
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Polipo bug reporting 
On Mon, 31 Jan 2011 12:20:10 +0000
The difference is that the PPC bundle with vidalia 0.2.9 was built on a
10.3.9 ppc mac.  However, the 10.3.9 machine died a smelly, melty
death during a build a few months ago. The current bundles are built on
a 10.5 ppc mac with backwards compatibility for 10.3.9 (at least
according to xcode/gcc).  Clearly Apple's backwards compatibility options don't work.

@_date: 2011-01-31 11:30:20
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Is "gatereloaded" a Bad Exit? 
In my opinion, judging a relay based on exit policy is a slippery slope
we don't want to go down.  We never claim to make using Tor alone safer
than using the Internet at large.  Whether the creep is at Starbucks
sniffing the wifi or running a relay is irrelevant to me.  Encouraging
people to use encrypted communications, the https everywhere firefox
extension, and learn to be more secure online are some of our goals.
The Tor Browser Bundle, while still a work in progress, is the best way
to protect novice users and get them safer than they are without Tor.
I personally run encrypted services on unencrypted ports, like 25, 80,
143, 110, etc.  It's just a port number and only convention says port
80 has to be for http only.  If people start doing deep packet inspection to enforce 80 is really
http or running filters in some misguided attempt to block "bad
things" through Tor, then those are reasons to 'badexit' relays.  There
are some obvious ways we can detect traffic manipulation through Tor
relays.  Today, we do detect them and badexit those relays.
If we're going to start censoring Tor exits based on impressions, we
might as well start blocking Tor relays that are rumoured to be run by
national intelligence agencies, criminal organizations, martians, and
other people we might not like.  In fact, we might as well go back to
the original model of "every Tor relay operator has met and gained
Roger's trust". I want a diverse set of Tor relays. If people don't want to trust
relays based on whatever heuristics they want to use, great, use
ExcludeNodes in your torrc.  Don't punish everyone based on rumors and

@_date: 2011-01-04 18:03:28
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor-BlackBelt Privacy 
: I have done a small test. It seems, high performance nodes are prefered.
: The project page offers only a binary download.
: What do you think about the project. Is it serious?
It's been around for a few years, previously called "black belt tor" by
Cav Edwards.  We've had some interaction with Cav Edwards over the
years, but nothing substantial.
: Is the preference of high power nodes useful or does it have a bad
: influence on the load balancing of the tor network like the Cloakfish
: idea two years ago?
TCP stacks and crypto overhead may be overloading "high performance
nodes".  If you only need 1KB/s for a xmpp chat session, no need to
choose a high bandwidth relay when a lower performance one will do.  I haven't tested it, but I wonder if over time (days, weeks, months) the
performance usage profile of blackbeltprivacy is different than a stock
tor client.

@_date: 2011-01-04 18:04:20
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: BDS VPNs hosting 
: The approach described in the official Tor project documentation is
: excellent from my humble point of view. As a web-hosting sysadmin I
Ok, that's really what I was hoping.  Otherwise, my hope is that people
improve it over time to adjust to reality and experiences.

@_date: 2011-01-05 14:25:25
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor and google groups 
My $0.02 from buying SIM cards all over the world, I show them my
CostCo Club photo id.  In Hong Kong they wrote down my first/last name
as "cost co".  No one has photocopied the ID yet.  Many shops ask for
it and then do nothing with it.  As explained to me in Belgium, the law
says they have to see an ID, not record, write down, and register the
sim in your name. Maybe I just found a cool shop by accident.

@_date: 2011-01-05 20:36:19
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: Tor uses swap? 
: since 4GB or 8GB of ram are pretty much the standard these days you could use a ramdisk for swap... ;D
Towards this end, my travel laptop running pcbsd has no swap configured.
I haven't run into any issues with this configuration yet.  I realize
the risks of some program going haywire and consuming all ram, but in
the past month of doing this, it hasn't materialized.

@_date: 2011-01-06 12:56:45
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Home Internet with Anonymity Built In 
On Fri, 7 Jan 2011 00:55:32 +0800
We're just adding a correct tor configuration to openwrt.  If openwrt
supports your device, then our tor mods should as well.

@_date: 2011-01-07 16:26:22
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Index of hidden services? 
Years ago, there was a popular place called "The hidden wiki" which was
the only one in existence, that anyone knew about.  It was then
beseiged by child porn links and images and went away.  Since then,
many different services claiming to be "the hidden wiki" have
come and gone.
Someone also tried to setup a google search appliance to crawl all
of .onion space.  It didn't get very far for the obvious reason of
most hidden service sites don't want to be found by the general
population. The services don't link to each other, and they may be on
random ports.  It's possible one could create a search engine that
crawls every possible .onion hostname on common tcp ports (80, 443,
8080, 8443).  Over long periods of time, this may find many hidden

@_date: 2011-07-15 13:06:03
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Talking to users 
On July 4th, with svn commit r24859, I put the official tor phone number on the 'Contact Us' page.  This same phone number has been on the press page for ages.  I did this to see what would happen, and to give people an obvious way to call us.  I've heard from a number of people over the past year that they wish there was a way to call Tor and ask a question.  Perhaps this is a larger sign of our website and documentation needing help. Perhaps some people just like to talk on the phone.  The phone rings about twice a day on average.  I've had some great conversations with people, ranging from victims of cyberstalking, to law enforcement, and many regular people with questions.  I also talked someone who wanted to know if tor could help them resist the 'smart dust' from the cia being blown into their central air system to implant false memories to convince them they are not an actual time traveler from centuries in the future.  The good news is, something like tor is wildly popular in the 2400s.
I've also pointed a few people at various relakks and ipredator, because they didn't care about anonymity, just geolocation and circumvention for various There have been some tickets created as a result of these phone calls:
* * * One set of tickets came from a 30 minute conversation with someone:
* * * The top three complaints so far have been:
1. Tor is too complex.  2. Lack of Adobe Flash breaks too many websites.
3. Tor's documentation is too hard to find on the Internet.
Here are my general impressions on the complaints.
*Tor is too complex.* Most of the people don't care about Tor per se. They care about using Tor as a tool to get some task or function done.  In most cases, this is protecting their identity online.  They don't want to buy in to Tor, join our religion, nor subscribe to our newsletter.  They just want to use it and not have to worry about it.  The exceptions to this were the cyberstalking victim and the law enforcement officer.  Both felt Tor was too complex, but cared very much about Tor as more than just a tool.  Neither realized the Tor Browser Bundle existed.
*Lack of Adobe Flash breaks too many websites.*  People use Tor to circumvent censorship to watch cats on YouTube and other video sites.  Apparently people also use Tor for Facebook and a number of other sites that require Flash to be functional.  One person told me that the risk of a rogue Flash app disclosing their identity is acceptible over Tor.  The flash cookie problem is 'easily taken care of by plugins, dude'.  I'm sensing that Flash is the main reason people start with TBB and then move on to installing Tor locally; and finding it complex and difficult to configure.  Perhaps the sandboxing technology we're using in the OS X TBB will make its way into Windows and Linux soon.
*Tor's documentation is too hard to find on the Internet.*  I agree.  I have trouble finding the docs and various configuration parameters needed.  This is even more the case when someone is on the phone asking a question.  Clearly we need to improve this for everyone.  Our docs are scattered across git, svn, website, trac tickets, and wiki links.  Maybe one central location that pulls all of this into some coherent page would be a good first step. Maybe a search crawler that worked well would be also be a good step.
I welcome feedback and comments.

@_date: 2011-07-15 15:44:03
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Traffic retention of TOR-Relays in Denmark 
Let's take this apart into some easy to digest pieces.  First, I belive the law is to record IP packet header information, not the contents themselves.  While this is bad, it's the basis of traffic analysis and exactly one scenario in which Tor can defend the user. In part, I'm basing my understanding of this law from The logs of a connection running a non-exit relay or bridge are going to only see encrypted traffic to and from the home computer.  The logged packets may show someone using Tor, but the traffic contained within is still encrypted. The connections will between Tor user and Tor relay, and Tor relay to Tor relay.  Currently, Tor does not try to hide that you are using Tor.  Tor doesn't scream 'I'm using Tor', but at the same time, if your adversary is looking really closely, they can deduce you are using Tor.  The good news is that we're working on pluggable transports and obfuscating proxies to hide the fact that you are using Tor.  The logs of a connection running an exit relay is going to see encrypted traffic from other relays and whatever traffic exited from itself to a destination.  The logs will record lots of traffic from people other than the ISP subscriber.  Some small percentage of this data may be illicit, as defined by local laws.  This is the same risk for exit relays now.  Other information about protections tor provides against an adversary recording your traffic can be found at

@_date: 2011-06-01 07:46:11
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] detecting harmful relays 
: A few weeks ago, there was one that tried to give me a .bin file
: whenever I tried to visit a non-SSL website, but I haven't had a
: problem like that since. I always rejected the .bin file.
I don't think this is a malicious relay, as I get these from time to
time as well.  It only happens with firefox and only when going through
really busy exit relays.  I think it's firefox misinterpreting a partial
stream of data as a binary file.  It happened to me yesterday when going to the wsj.com site, part of the
article and image were sent to my browser, according to firebug, but
firefox prompted for a bin file.  It wasn't until I killed the circuit
that the problem went away.  My exit node at the time was PPrivCom034.
A malicious relay could do elicit the same behavior, but at least for
the past few instances of this bin file for me, firebug is showing it's
an incomplete data stream confusing firefox.

@_date: 2011-06-01 21:06:28
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Running the Tor client on Linux/BSD/Unix 
:        Which bundle should I install for Linux Mint? linuxmint.com's
: About Page says "Based on Debian and Ubuntu..."
Last time I tried mint, I used the ubuntu debs just fine.

@_date: 2011-06-02 00:11:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] EFF Tor Challenge 
Until someone from the EFF responds, here are my thoughts based on past
conversations with them.  The EFF feels they are in a better position
to defend exit relay operators than put themselves in the same
position. They have done a lot to support tor through fiscal
sponsorship in 2005, creating our logo and initial graphics, defending
relay operators, FOIA requests related to tor and staff, legal support
for tor staff and contractors, their surveillance self-defense site
( and now their tor challenge.  Running one exit node does help.  However, defending others running them
while creating hundreds more is a far better use of their resources.

@_date: 2011-06-02 13:37:58
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] EFF Tor Challenge 
On Thu, 2 Jun 2011 12:30:33 -0300
If I read this correctly, since we publish all public relays every
hour, losing the list of public relays isn't a concern.
If it's a bridge, you could get a list of clients that are currently
using the bridge. I'll ignore the rest of the comments as fear, uncertainty, and doubt.
Life is risky, we all learn to live with it.

@_date: 2011-06-05 08:45:49
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] how many users? 
We're also working on publishing stats from our webserver log files,
and possibly offering up the raw log files for analysis.  We've had
around 16 million GET requests to the torproject.org/download/
directory alone.  An example webserver log line is:
0.0.0.1 - - [05/Jun/2011:00:00:00 +0000]
"GET /dist/torbrowser/tor-browser-1.3.24_en-US.exe HTTP/1.1" 200
17191563 " "-"
We've configured our apache servers to log '0.0.0.0' for http and
'0.0.0.1' for https accesses.  We're doing analysis as to how much
information is available in the log files before deciding to release
them to the world or not.

@_date: 2011-06-16 08:47:09
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] US Senators Seek to Crackdown on Bitcoin 
This thread has wandered way off topic.  I suggest we let it die.  The
battle for bitcoin or not is already being fought elsewhere, on more
relevant lists.
For the record, Tor has not heard from the DEA nor US Senators about Silk
Road.  Hopefully they'll call first instead of sending SWAT teams.

@_date: 2011-06-17 20:35:07
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Official www.torproject.org onions? 
There are some, and they are listed on the main trac page.
 points to archive.torproject.org
 points to

@_date: 2011-06-20 11:15:29
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] nesting proxies 
This might be relevant,
I may be confused, but tor is still going to connect to the tor network
and build the circuit.  It seems you then want to tunnel another proxy
through tor so your final exit is from the other proxy.  If a vpn or
other proxy supports SOCKS, you can just point it at tor.
Sometimes I'll do ssh -D over tor, and point some apps at my ssh proxy
on tcp/1080. My traffic then appears from wherever my ssh proxy

@_date: 2011-02-28 23:04:34
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is tor-announce still being used? 
: Yes, it's still being used and I just received the seul.org archives
: today.  I'm going to import them in the next few days for all migrated
: lists.
And archives are imported.

@_date: 2011-03-20 09:15:06
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] website: broken URL (roadmap) 
: Originally send to Roger, but I guess he is busy..
Yeah, roger has about 50,000 new emails, generally emailing roger
directly is a bad idea.
: > %s,
Thanks, fixed.  No idea why it was linked to git.

@_date: 2011-03-22 15:13:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor using SSH 
How are you detecting ssh activity?  actual protocol analysis or tcp
port 22?  There are valid relays on tcp port 22 which your tor client
may connect to in the normal operation of tor.

@_date: 2011-05-19 07:41:47
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor 0.2.2.26-beta and 0.2.2.27-beta are out 
: Maybe it's just a stupid question, but why there are two version
: from the 0.2.2 branch being released?
: Is 0.2.2.27 a patched version of 0.2.2.26?
No, they are two different releases. The bridge bug was found in
0.2.2.26 before most packages could be created.

@_date: 2011-05-19 11:46:19
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor 0.2.2.26-beta and 0.2.2.27-beta are out 
On Thu, 19 May 2011 14:13:31 +0200
Because 0.2.2.26 was already tagged in git.

@_date: 2011-05-30 22:15:15
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Police was here - whats next? 
: I ran a tor exit node at that time, and I am confident somebody
: mis-used our tor exit node,
: as our WLAN is WPA2 encrypted.
This is likely.  You should talk to a lawyer first.  Julius of the CCC
is a fine first place to start for your country.  Likely you'll want a
signed statement from Tor saying we confirm this IP was hosting a tor
exit relay at the time in question.  There is sometimes a long time from when the police get the log
file from a site and get around to raiding houses looking for evidence.
Depending on your jurisdiction, the search warrant or active police case
will have the details of why your computers were taken.
Again, get a lawyer first.

@_date: 2011-05-31 07:54:17
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Police was here - whats next? 
: you should seriously consider logging either:
: a) your own traffic (whether via internet or Tor)
: b) exit traffic
: c) both
: To cover your ass. At least this way you'll have some form of
: log you can present if needed to give more weight to an
: explanation.
I am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice.  However, after having
been involved in a number of these cases, the more data you give to the
police and courts, the more guilty you are in their eyes.  All you, the exit relay operator, have to prove is that you were a valid
exit relay at the time in question, and that your exit could have been
used for the suspected crime.  Providing anything more gets messy, and
will be used against you.  In cases where I've been an expert witness or
submitted a signed statement, the defense wanted nothing more than a
statement along the lines of, 'This IP address, xxxxx, appears in the
official tor directory at the time of xxx on date xxx with an exit
policy of xxx.'  There are plenty of places in this world where having something
encrypted is the equivalent of putting the data in a locked safe.  You
can be compelled to decrypt the data.  Prosecutors love data.
So far, I believe every tor exit relay operator that has endured a
raid and courts has been found innocent and their computers returned.
I started a list of providers of legal aid,
mostly for tor exit relay operators.

@_date: 2011-11-01 11:49:28
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Don't use Google as default search in Tor Browser? 
You told torbutton you didn't want to redirect, so it doesn't for the rest of the session.  If you restart firefox/aurora, it should prompt you again on a google captcha. You can also control this behaviour by right clicking torbutton, choosing preferences, going to Security Settings, and clicking the Headers tab. The last check box will let you automatically (or not) redirect on google captcha.
It's the stock set of plugins that ship with Firefox.

@_date: 2011-11-02 21:13:38
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The Stop Online Piracy Act 
I had a conference call with the EFF to discuss SOPA/E-PARASITE. The result is this blog post, threatens-whistleblowing-and-human-rights. If the text of SOPA sounds familiar, it's probably a copy of what is going on in China to justify their continuing clampdown on the Internet, Generally, Tor works on technology. Technology may always be able to circumvent policy, but if something is made illegal, then only criminals benefit. We'd rather spend our money on making Tor better for all of the positive uses of it, not fighting lawsuits and waging policy battles. However, sometimes we have to speak up and help those that do engage in lawsuits and policy battles, like the EFF.
If you don't like the EFF, then Fight for the Future is another fine organization,   If you don't like either of these, then directly calling your congressperson is a fine step too.
We're going to keep working on making Tor better.

@_date: 2011-11-03 21:42:51
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What is tor used for? 
: the torproject website lists users as friends and family, military,
: business owners etc - use cases that make sense to me, but i've yet to
: find any stories or ancedontal evidence to suggest this is really the
: case.  instead i find core.onion linking to "adult" content that has
: little to do with adults and "market sites" that deal with illegal trade
: in weapons and drugs.
each of these 'use cases' are real testimonials sent to us. we didn't
make them up, but we did have to keep them anonymous.
We have a further set of quotes/testimonials from people that we're
trying to figure out how to publish in some sane fashion.

@_date: 2011-11-03 21:46:20
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Browser Bundle 
:  Any reason for this? Even after I unchecked "enable globally" I started to surf
:  and then noticed a different icon on the top of the window of Aurora where it
:  now shows an icon for 'Tor enabled" and 'NoScript'.
The current draft of the TBB design document is here,
It should help explain the choices made in TBB so far. Feedback is

@_date: 2011-11-06 21:13:27
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Implement JSONP interface for check.torproject.org 
A word of caution about privacy badges, learning the history of TRUSTe is relevant, Research shows that sites with the TRUSTe seal are the least likely to honor what you think of as privacy,

@_date: 2011-11-06 21:32:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Browser Bundle 
I'd like to see someone do research that proves or disproves this fear that javascript and cookies everywhere is hazardous to the anonymity of a tor user. I don't know a better setting for noscript. I know what I use for settings when I use the default TBB setup.   If you use collusion with TBB, you'll see the various connections made to the current browsing session.  I frequently hit 'new identity' to wipe the cache/cookies.
In my world, I'd replace noscript with requestpolicy. If you never request the 3rd party sites, then you cut out lots of risks/cruft, in theory. This is the core idea behind requestpolicy.  Unfortunately, this breaks lots of websites and would freak out most tor users. However, this is another fine study to Intuitevly it sounds bad, yes.  However, I'd like to see baseline research and then settings changes that are proven to improve anonymity for the user. Of course, 'improve anonymity' implies some sort of measurement, which ties into

@_date: 2011-11-07 23:08:47
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Youtube? 
See   This is likely a detection problem on the youtube side and possibly an interaction with noscript disabling the video tag needed for html5 video.

@_date: 2011-11-07 23:24:35
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Browser Bundle 
It's not the tracking per se, it's how detailed the track works within the set of tor users. Does this tracking enable an ad network to determine you as an individual based on past history? Or does it simply put you into a subset of tor users that go from site A to site C to site D to site B regularly?
If you fire up TBB, login to facebook, and then browse 10 other sites with facebook connect on it, well, you aren't anonymous any more. If you browse those same 10 sites all the time, but without logging into facebook, does this make you unique in the set of tor users? and therefore uniquely identifiable, even though the ad network doesn't really know who you are?
The default tbb config does block 3rd party cookies, and clears all cookies on shutdown. Unless you've told torbutton to preserve some cookies, they're There's also research about behavioral advertising that suggests it's not personalized/targeted enough right now to creep people out. Except, of course, Facebook, which uses your friend's images to advertise to you. You've logged into facebook and given them that data, and tied your 'anonymous tbb usage' to you personally (at least on facebook and facebook connect sites).

@_date: 2011-11-08 21:45:02
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Browser Bundle 
There is a 'new identity' button in vidalia which does both clear caches and such in aurora and send new identity command to tor.
To be clear, tbb already blocks 3rd party cookies. As for javascript enabled, I'm hoping Mike or Erinn will comment on why we ship tbb with javascript enabled by default. I know noscript and torbutton defang many attacks already, even with javascript disabled.

@_date: 2011-11-08 22:01:31
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Browser Bundle 
After sending this email, I remembered I opened a ticket about a similar topic,

@_date: 2011-11-09 00:31:40
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Using TBB with system tor-user 
: What I need to change in code of the TBB for disabling starting the Tor
: Browser only with the non-system tor and vidalia? I.e. I want to let it
If I understand you correctly, in Vidalia Settings, uncheck "Start the
Tor Software when vidalia starts"

@_date: 2011-11-09 10:46:59
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Browser Bundle 
On Wed, Nov 09, 2011 at 02:54:42PM +0000, rransom.8774 at gmail.com wrote 1.3K bytes in 18 lines about:
: > There is a 'new identity' button in vidalia which does both clear caches and
: > such in aurora and send new identity command to tor.
: No.  The ?New Identity? command in Torbutton's popup menu clears state
: in the browser; Vidalia's ?New Identity? command does not.
You are correct. I meant torbutton as shipped in tbb. English fail on my

@_date: 2011-11-09 14:13:07
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How many clients are using Tor? 
: How about how many clients there are?
Well, it's an anonymity network, so we don't really know. However, the
NSF funded us to do some research into metrics, everything we have is
published at We're soon to add our weblogs to metrics to get a feel for quantities of
downloads, pages viewed, and such.

@_date: 2011-11-10 10:23:48
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor no longer works with win2K ?? 
: Nov 10 10:17:10.093 [Warning] Warning from libevent: evsig_init:
: socketpair: Cannot assign requested address [WSAEADDRNOTAVAIL ]
Do you have antivirus or a firewall blocking localhost or 127.0.0.1 ?

@_date: 2011-11-15 21:49:34
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor in Mexico 
: The site mentioned ( is promoting
: Tor use. It seems the victim used Tor, but the gangsters were able to
: identify and kill him anyway...
There's nothing in the chron.com report, nor that site, that ties Tor
usage to the targeted/killed people. Using a hidden service may help protect both the site and users.
I talked to a journalist from a newspaper in Mexico City concerned about
journalist safety in light of the ongoing drug wars. Most of the
discussion was about how internet surveillance can happen and things
people can do to stay safe, even if they aren't reporting on the drug
There was another journalist from an activist organization with the same
sorts of questions.
In both cases, the bulk of the discussion wasn't around the technology,
but about the social aspects of anonymity. If you use tor to successfully
hide from an adversary who runs the ISP, but login to facebook and join
an anti-zeta group under your real name and profile, well, you've lost
your anonymity.
I mentioned  specifically
 as examples of
places to learn more about blogging/reporting in dangerous areas. CPJ
also has a guide to reporting in dangerous places,
 This violence against journalists (both citizen and traditional) is
nothing new for lots of places in the world. It seems American's aren't
used to seeing it this close to our borders,
Tor alone cannot save you in completely hostile situations. Understanding
the environment and making decisions on your own is key. Many people are
struggling with the understanding part due to being overwhelmed with
the technical knowledge required to stay completely safe online, yet
still live in a hostile area. The lack of understanding leads to poor or
uninformed decisions. No software is going to solve some of these issues.
are just as advanced as the police forces, if not more so.  We're seeing
the results of this in the targeted killings based on online activities.

@_date: 2011-11-17 14:44:36
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Vidalia for Iphone 3g 
There's Marco's packages,  and the new Covert Browser app,

@_date: 2011-11-17 16:01:25
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Vidalia for Iphone 3g 
On Thu, Nov 17, 2011 at 03:08:27PM -0500, arma at mit.edu wrote 1.8K bytes in 40 lines about:
: The case of 'covert browser' is even worse: does anybody know if that's
: even using Tor under the hood? In the case of Marco's packages, we know
: what application-level protections to expect (basically none). In the case
: of 'covert browser'... what should we expect? How do we evaluate whether
: it achieves them? Does it screw up something else and not realize it,
: so e.g. it's broadcasting something about you and you don't know?
I'm in contact with the covert browser dev. He's intending to join
tor-dev mailing list and apparently has already found
irc://irc.torproject.org/ Safety of covert browser needs to be
evaluated.

@_date: 2011-11-21 14:53:56
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What happen if one create 2000 exit nodes for 6 
One way to counter this is to grow more Moritz' such that the whole pool of relays grows in relative proportion. It seems Noisebridge is another organization that will take money and convert it into servers. And there is a new Swedish organization possibly doing the same.

@_date: 2011-11-28 14:49:30
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can I configure the port which applications use to 
:      but in the updated version of tor with vidalia bundle 2.2.34,
:      the port seems to be random for every session,
Yes, there are two ways to do this. In Vidalia, just uncheck "Configure
ControlPort automatically" option in Vidalia Settings -> Advanced.
Or in your torrc, unset/remove:
SocksPort auto
ControlPort auto
This will set the SocksPort and ControlPort back to defaults of 9050 and 9051.

@_date: 2011-11-28 15:31:48
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can I configure the port which applications use to 
On Tue, Nov 29, 2011 at 01:29:45AM +0530, pahninsd at gmail.com wrote 1.0K bytes in 31 lines about:
: I dont have this option in my vidalia
: > Or in your torrc, unset/remove:
: >
: > SocksPort auto
: > ControlPort auto
: >
: this didnt help
were these set in your torrc? and did you restart after removing them?

@_date: 2011-10-05 11:07:42
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Best Tool to connect to my Private TOR Network 
You need to configure your tor client to connect to your private network, not vidalia. You cannot do this from the vidalia interface.
This will give you some ideas on how to do this, in particular, step 4.

@_date: 2011-10-06 11:11:02
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB File Removal 
: Each time after running TBB on GNU/Linux, I found 5 items (all
: folders) in the Trash folder. I would like to ask if this is normal
: behavior. If yes, why are they not removed permanently and instead,
: moved to Trash?
which OS does this? And is tbb on a read-only media?

@_date: 2011-10-06 11:15:55
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Best Tool to connect to my Private TOR Network 
On Thu, Oct 06, 2011 at 12:20:12AM -0700, faisal.rehman22 at yahoo.com wrote 4.2K bytes in 72 lines about:
: Yeah I had followed these steps and the tor process is also running for my private tor network, but I am very confused that how can I connect to it? So I tried vidalia for that purpose because I was thinking that may be it will be connected to my own private tor directory server.
: : So can you suggest me the best TOR client please so that I can connect to the server easily.
I think there is a disconnect somewhere in our understanding of what
you're doing. When you say 'private tor network', I take that to mean:
- you are running your own directory authorities
- you are runnning your own tor relays which are configured for your
  directory authorities
- you have configured a client tor to use the directory authorities
None of the above involves Vidalia. Vidalia is a controller for tor
with a subset of functionality available in the torrc configuration
Once you have a tor client configured to talk to your private directory
authorities, then you just simple fire up vidalia and connect to that
tor client. What you see in the Network Map will simply reflect the size
of your private tor network. The tor client is doing the work, vidalia
is just a pretty display of everything.

@_date: 2011-10-07 09:52:59
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Best Tool to connect to my Private TOR Network 
You need to run tor relays that tie into your directory authority. And then you need to configure the tor client to point at your directory authority.
Running one directory authority does not create a 'private tor network'.

@_date: 2011-10-07 10:58:12
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Best Tool to connect to my Private TOR Network 
Maybe someone else can help out here, but everything you need to know is at  There are a number of lines where it starts off with "for each", this means you need to do these steps multiple times, once for each directory authority, once for each relay, and once for each tor client.  For a while there were people working on a script to automate these steps, I don't know what happened to the script nor their progress.

@_date: 2011-10-10 22:00:49
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Browser Bundle: Usability Improvement Proposal 
: By using that approach the user will not have the feeling of no
: "technical" decision has to be taken by the user in order to use Tor, no
: stopping-fear of breaking something, no compression/extraction concept
: to be understood.
: : The user the next time that want to use TorBrowserBundle will not need
: to enter into the Installation Directory but will always be able to
: start the software from the same file he downloaded
What happens in between runs? Does the extracted directory get wiped?
I can see the value in this approach, in any case. Whether we like it or
not, less sophisticated users are using Tor. We'll fail to protect all
of them, but this doesn't mean we cannot try to guide their path towards
a safer online experience with Tor. Between renaming "Aurora" to
something more obvious, to a single executable/binary that hides the
complexities of Tor from the user, these are some of the first steps
towards a 'tor product for the masses'.
Another approach is like that of Janusvm, where they put everything
into a stripped down virtual machine, and allow all sorts of plugins,
etc inside the VM.

@_date: 2011-10-11 10:22:28
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor hidden services and SSL certificates 
Hidden service traffic never leaves the tor network.  There is no exit relay Please review how hidden services work,

@_date: 2011-10-11 10:24:05
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Finding a hidden service with the private_key file 
I wonder where you hear such things. If the attacker has your private key, you've lost. Your system is compromised and the attacker can now run the hidden service.

@_date: 2011-10-11 10:55:16
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Comcast Residential - terms of service 
Was this an exit node or not?
We're not going to censor Tor.

@_date: 2011-10-11 17:04:02
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Browser Bundle: Usability Improvement Proposal 
On Tue, Oct 11, 2011 at 10:57:46PM +0200, kalitnikoff at privatdemail.net wrote 3.1K bytes in 84 lines about:
: Hm, interesting thing that very recently I found out such project -
: SBrowser282, custom Tor Browser Bundle made by some russian radicals.
: It does exactly what you are talking about as I understand. More
: interesting that they claim it`s all made with open source software.
There's also silvertunnel.org and their java-based "one thing to click
and run" implementation of tor browser.

@_date: 2011-10-12 11:05:46
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] notice - newer ver available just after install 
: Immediately after extracting / starting the "latest stable" TBB
: 2.2.33-2 (today) from
:  Aurora
: popped a msg saying a newer version was available.  Unless the
: website is messed up on "latest version," then seems like some bug
: in the version checking for TBB?
What time did you get the notice on check? The updated version file was
in place at 2011-10-12 12:53 GMT. Prior to that time, you may have hit a
false positive result.

@_date: 2011-10-12 14:00:01
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Trouble with  2.2.33-3 
On Wed, Oct 12, 2011 at 05:18:14PM +0000, unknown at pgpru.com wrote 2.0K bytes in 52 lines about:
: > Linux provided system Tor-daemon seems more secure then tor started from user.
Seems and is may be two different things.
: Is it version developed especially for enforcing use TBB as is?
No, but the TBB components are compiled from source, and designed to be
self-reliant for the most part. calling firefox directly skips lots of
environment variable and setup work that the start-tor-browser script
tries to accomodate.

@_date: 2011-10-12 14:01:33
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Trouble with  2.2.33-3 
On Wed, Oct 12, 2011 at 05:36:25PM +0000, unknown at pgpru.com wrote 2.5K bytes in 65 lines about:
: Now firefox started and working wihout crash but I see
: this error message again. And I lost all my bookmarks with this.
did it call a different profile?
: Hope that Debian packages with separated tor-daemon itself, Tor-browser and
: Tor-browser-plugins will be created sometime.
This is unlikely unless someone else does the work.

@_date: 2011-10-13 07:40:55
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] German police keylogger analysis (and the effects on 
: Keyloggers would, I assume, defeat the whole purpose of Tor since the URL would be recorded and sent to the fedz.
If you lose control over your local computer, tor cannot help you. If
the attacker can see every keystroke you enter, you've lost. I'm not
sure if this is true for onscreen keyboards as well.
If the German customs agents took your computer away from you at a
border, you should assume the worst case and no longer trust your OS nor
hardware. It's possible tails may help here, but depending upon hardware
vs. software (bios firmware) attacks, the computer may not be
trustworthy at all. If the bios is infected, tails cannot help.

@_date: 2011-10-13 08:59:35
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor compromised? 
: French students were able to exploit a vulnerability in Tor network
: Details here (french):
: There isn't much to say here. Eric has refused to talk to us in any
responsible manner.  This article is full of hyperbole, but short on
facts. We are in the dark as much as everyone else.
According to this article, my poor comprehension of french coupled with
google translate, it sounds like they wrote malware to watch the ram
in a MS Windows relay and exploit MS Windows weaknesses to read some
crypto keys. If true, this sounds like a better exploit on MS Windows
than on Tor. Tor has to run inside an operating system, and if that
operating system is compromised then everything that runs inside it will
be compromised as well.
However, once we have some facts and details, we can respond with real
answers, not conjecture.

@_date: 2011-10-14 14:27:01
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor compromised? 
Possibly sounds like a variation on a tagging attack,

@_date: 2011-10-14 14:28:40
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] using themes in Aurora 
You could be the first!
My first step would be to see what information is sent back to mozilla's getpersonas.com site by the theme.

@_date: 2011-10-14 14:34:34
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] still problems - update available 
is the file checked on start up of TBB.
And is this a fresh download and extract of tbb?

@_date: 2011-10-14 16:33:56
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] still problems - update available 
: periodically; it's bad enough that the update check makes a TBB's
: first circuit recognizable at the exit node, and that every time a
: user opens a new window, the exit node can tell that the user is
: opening a new window and can tell whether TBB is asking check.tpo to
: send the out-of-date warning message.  (I don't think we realized that
: was a problem before we deployed this update notifier and shouted
: ?Wolf! Wolf!? at our users.))
For what it's worth, we run an exit enclave for check.torproject.org.

@_date: 2011-10-15 16:39:25
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] since today check.torproject.org states "you are not 
: Since this morning when the browser goes to the home page -
: check.torproject.org - it says "Sorry. You are not using Tor" and states my
: "...IP address appears to be: 38.229.70.31".
: : This IP is always the same no matter how many re-starts of TBB I make. I
: notice the IP resolves to sergii.torproject.org
check.torproject.org runs an exit-enclave named 'checktpo' that only
allows exit to check.torproject.org on ports 80 and 443.
For some reason, the exit list doesn't see checktpo as a valid exit. If
I can't figure it out in an hour, I'll just disable the exit enclave.

@_date: 2011-10-15 17:27:52
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] since today check.torproject.org states "you are not 
On Sat, Oct 15, 2011 at 04:39:25PM -0400, andrew at torproject.org wrote 0.9K bytes in 21 lines about:
: For some reason, the exit list doesn't see checktpo as a valid exit. If
: I can't figure it out in an hour, I'll just disable the exit enclave.
It seems the tordnsel process that confirms exits is going to take a few
hours to catch up. In the meanwhile, I've disabled exits to
check.torproject.org from the checktpo tor relay. This has stopped the
false negatoives from appearing on check.torproject.org.
Fun times.

@_date: 2011-10-16 17:27:49
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] since today check.torproject.org states "you are not 
: I also notice that vadalia control panel is not closing itself after I
: have closed the browser. Another bug?
Please read the rest of this thread, problem already solved.

@_date: 2011-10-18 13:57:56
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] duckduckduck.com redirect-try on google query 
google sees many queries from a single IP, in this case, your exit node. It puts up the captcha to ask you to prove you are a human. Torbutton sees the captcha and can redirect to a search engine of your choice. By default, torbutton uses duckduckgo.
You can also tell torbutton to not redirect on google captcha.

@_date: 2011-10-18 16:07:45
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] since today check.torproject.org states "you are not 
this is unrelated to the check.tpo issues last weekend.  yes, it's a bug.  see  for the reported bug.

@_date: 2011-10-21 23:50:59
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] attacks on Tor hidden services 
: Have Tor developers released any statements concerning the ongoing
: DDoSing and hacking of Tor hidden services?  The effects seem quite
: widespread.
I'll ask, what attacks on hidden services?

@_date: 2011-10-22 10:42:21
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] attacks on Tor hidden services 
On Sat, Oct 22, 2011 at 04:26:53AM +0000, gozu at xerobank.net wrote 1.1K bytes in 26 lines about:
: According to the operator of Freedom Hosting on 2011-10-19:
: > Recently FH was the victim of DoS attacks which resulted in
: > unavailability of php or mysql on hosted sites.
: > A user registered an account and used it to run extremely
: > slow mysql queries among other things to purposely harm
: > the server.
These aren't attacks on hidden services. These are attacks on php,
mysql, and apache running behind a hidden service.
: that I've created, with addresses that I alone know.  I suspect that
:  has figured out how to DDoS Tor.
I suspect not. I run many hidden services, all are reachable without
issues. There are pleny of bugs in hidden services, and we're working to
fix them. However, this doesn't seem like an attack on hidden services,
but rather the software behind the service. Time will tell.

@_date: 2011-10-25 11:04:45
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Rumors of Tor's compromise 
I keep having the same conversation over and over again with various reporters from various news agencies. I've put up a [blog post]
exaggerated) as our answer.  The content of the blog post is also included # Rumors of Tor's compromise are greatly exaggerated
Recently, there are two stories claiming the Tor network is
compromised. It seems it is easier to get press than to publish research,
work with us on the details, and further, to propose solutions. Our
comments are based upon the same stories you are reading. We have
no insider information.
The first story has been around 'Freedom Hosting' and their
hosting of child abuse materials as exposed by [Anonymous Operation
We're reading the press articles, pastebin urls, and talking
to the same people as you. It appears 'Anonymous'
cracked the Apache/PHP/MySQL setup at Freedom Hosting
and published some, or all, of their users in the
database. These sites happened to be hosted on a [Tor hidden
servce]( Further,
'Anonymous' used an old denial of service
attack on 'Freedom Hosting' known as the
attack. It's a simple resource starvation attack that can be conducted
over low bandwidth, low resource requirement connections to individual
hosts. This isn't an attack on Tor, but rather an attack on some software
behind a Tor hidden service. This attack was discussed in a thread on the
mailing list starting October 19th.
The second story is around Eric Filiol's claims of compromising
the Tor network leading up to his Hackers to Hackers talk in
Brazil in a few days. This was initially announced by some French
press websites; however, it has spread further, such as this [Hackers
Brazil in a few days. This claim was initially announced by some French
websites; however, it has spread further, such as this [Hacker
Again, the
mailing list had the first discussions of these attacks back on October
13th.  To be clear, neither Eric nor his researchers have disclosed
anything about this attack to us. They have not talked to us, nor shared
any data with us  despite some mail exchanges where we reminded him the phrase "responsible disclosure". Here's the attack as we understand
it, from reading the various press reports:
They enumerated 6000 IP addresses that they think
are Tor relays. There aren't that many Tor relays in the world 
[2500]( is a more accurate
number. We're not sure what caused them to overcount so much. Perhaps
they watched the Tor network over a matter of weeks and collected a
bunch of addresses that aren't relays anymore? The set of relays is
public information, so there's no reason to collect a list and no reason
to end up with a wrong list.
One-third of the machines on those IP addresses are vulnerable to
operating system or other system level attacks, meaning he can break
in. That's quite a few! We wonder if that's true with the real Tor
network, or just their simulated one? Even ignoring the question of
what these 3500 extra IP addresses are, it's important to remember that
one-third by number is not at all the same as one-third by capacity:
Tor clients load-balance over relays based on the relay capacity, so
any useful statement should be about how much of the *capacity* of the
Tor network is vulnerable. It would indeed be shocking if one-third of
the Tor network by capacity is vulnerable to external attacks.
(There's also an aside about enumerating bridges. They say they found
181 bridges, and then there's a quote saying they "now have a complete
picture of the topography of Tor", which is a particularly unfortunate
time for that quote since there are currently around 600 bridges running.)
We expect the talk will include discussion about some cool Windows trick
that can modify the crypto keys in a running Tor relay that you have
local system access to; but it's simpler and smarter just to say that
when the attacker has local system access to a Tor relay, the attacker
controls the relay.
Once they've broken into some relays, they do congestion attacks like
[packet spinning]( to congest
the relays they couldn't compromise, to drive users toward the relays
they own. It's unclear how many resources are needed to keep the rest
of the relays continuously occupied long enough to keep the user from
using them. There are probably some better heuristics that clients
can use to distinguish between a loaded relay and an unavailable relay;
we look forward to learning how well their attack here actually worked.
From there, the attack gets vague. The only hint we have is this nonsense
sentence from the article:
  The remaining flow can then be decrypted via a fully method of attack
  called "to clear unknown" based on statistical analysis.
Do they have a new attack on AES, or on OpenSSL's implementation of it,
or on our use of OpenSSL? Or are they instead doing some sort of timing
attack, where if you own the client's first hop and also the destination
you can use statistics to confirm that the two flows are on the same
circuit? There's a history of [confused
researchers]( proclaiming
some sort of novel active attack when passive correlation attacks are much
simpler and just as effective.
So the summary of the attack might be "take control of the nodes you can,
then congest the other ones so your targets avoid them and use the nodes
you control. Then do some unspecified magic crypto attack to defeat the
layers of encryption for later hops in the circuit." But really, these are
just guesses based on the same news articles you're reading. We look
forwarding to finding out if there's actually an attack we can fix,
or if they are just playing all the journalists to get attention.
More generally, there are two broader lessons to remember here. First,
research into anonymity-breaking attacks is how the field moves forward,
and using Tor for your target is [common](
because a) it's resistant to all the simpler attacks and b) we make it
[really easy](
to do your research on. And second, remember that most other anonymity
systems out there fall to these attacks so quickly and thoroughly that
no researchers even talk about it anymore. For some recent examples, see
the single-hop proxy discussions in [How Much Anonymity does Network
Latency Leak?](
and [Website Fingerprinting in Onion Routing Based Anonymization
I thank Roger, Nick, and Runa for helping with this post.

@_date: 2011-10-26 12:54:56
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor http proxy 
What does message log report when you start up vidalia?

@_date: 2011-10-27 07:30:42
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor http proxy 
On Thu, Oct 27, 2011 at 12:59:58AM -0400, arma at mit.edu wrote 1.0K bytes in 24 lines about:
: (Using only a plain http proxy means you only proxy your unencrypted
: directory fetches, which isn't very useful, especially now that Tor
: tunnels its directory fetches over the TLS (https) connection by default.)
The HTTP option is still in vidalia. Nothing explains why it is there.
Perhaps we should remove it? Is there any valid reason to leave HTTP
only proxy options in Vidalia?
If not, I'll open a ticket to remove HTTP only option from Vidalia.

@_date: 2011-10-30 13:02:22
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Freedom Hosting admin revealed by Anonymous - Tor 
: According to their latest blog, they've found the Freedom Hosting admin. And : even Mike Perry seems to be involved in their claims.
: : This is starting to get utterly interesting. Is the whole Tor network being : owned and cracked by the Anonymous hackers?
A few responses, already sent here,
Enjoy the threads.

@_date: 2011-10-30 13:16:43
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Freedom Hosting admin revealed by Anonymous - Tor 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2011 at 01:02:22PM -0400, andrew at torproject.org wrote 0.8K bytes in 23 lines about:
: : I should add, Mike Perry can answer with his own psyops message. And I
wonder who is this 'Tor Foundation'?
There also seems to be lots of data missing for them to go from 10.0.1.2
to claiming it's Mike Perry's server.

@_date: 2011-10-31 09:51:45
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] which apps require an http proxy? 
============================== START ==============================
On Sun, Oct 30, 2011 at 11:35:18PM -0700, jacob at appelbaum.net wrote 2.4K bytes in 54 lines about:
: wget is the most common example that other people use - with wget, I set
Or they could use curl. It supports socks 4a and 5.
: I wish we'd ship torsocks as part of the bundle. It helps advanced
If a shipped torsocks could handle the 'socksport auto' configuration,
even better.

@_date: 2011-09-02 17:46:12
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Dutch CA issues fake *.torproject.org cert (among 
On Fri, Sep 02, 2011 at 01:31:53PM -0400, collin at averysmallbird.com wrote 4.5K bytes in 109 lines about:
: According to a number of bloggers(1), torproject.org was include among those
Here's another blogger for your list,

@_date: 2011-09-04 00:30:52
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Dutch CA issues fake *.torproject.org cert (among 
On Sat, Sep 03, 2011 at 02:27:47PM -0500, joebtfsplk at gmx.com wrote 4.2K bytes in 84 lines about:
: is about as technical as it gets.  My 1st impression w/ the process
: (& instructions on Tor page - verifying signatures) is, it will be
: over the avg users' heads, or more trouble / effort than they're
: willing to exert (possibly to their detriment).  I haven't tried the
: steps listed on Tor site, but seems pretty straight forward.
We made them copy and paste so new users can do it. I've watched people
in trainings successfully verify the signatures. we need a better model
for osx and windows, as neither system comes with gpg. Installing gobs
of software that doesn't come with verification to verify tor is sort of
: down:  if it's a truly important step before installing any
: software, major developers need to make the verification process
: easier / more automated for avg users.
The other side to this is that users who do verify the software they
download will hopefully be vocal when the software fails to verify.

@_date: 2011-09-04 00:34:24
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Dutch CA issues fake *.torproject.org cert (among 
On Sat, Sep 03, 2011 at 04:51:49PM -0400, ler762 at gmail.com wrote 4.3K bytes in 111 lines about:
: My understanding is that the issue is common to all 'secured' web
: sites.   HTTP is trivially subverted; HTTPS needs a valid cert or the
: user clicking past a "No, I don't care about my security; go there
: anyway" warning before it can be subverted.
Just a fine point here, treat SSL as encryption between you and
something on the other end, not as authentication of the other end (nor
you if have client certs installed).

@_date: 2011-09-04 00:37:55
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Dutch CA issues fake *.torproject.org cert (among 
On Sat, Sep 03, 2011 at 02:36:54PM -0400, ler762 at gmail.com wrote 2.2K bytes in 43 lines about:
: Is there a solution for this specific case?  Someone claiming to be
: Roger Dingledine included a PGP signature block in the msg that
: started this thread.  Nobody's responded "Hey! That wasn't me!!" or
: "That's not my PGP sig!" so it seems safe enough to trust that sig.
: Is there a secure way to get from that PGP sig to whatever's necessary
: for verifying a TOR package one just downloaded?
This is what the pgp web of trust is about. you can either meet roger,
or erinn, or me, or mikeperry, or jacob, etc and have us physically hand
you our pgp fingerprints. Or you can trust someone who has met us and
signed our keys, that you then trust. Or trust someone who has trusted
someone who has met us and trusted us. Trust is like onions, onions have
layers. Trust is not like parfaits.

@_date: 2011-09-07 23:52:02
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor spying 
Yes, as noted, this is old news.  Go back even further in time and you'll see a string of people wanting attention at 'hacker cons' by presenting nothing more than 'i ran wireshark on my exit relay and look what I found! aren't I super hacker cool?' Throwing the words 'tor network' into your presentation or talk title are fine ways to get listed, get press, and pretend you are a super hacker to those who don't know any better.
Moxie however, does have many skills, and doesn't need to pretend.  He ran an exit node with sslstrip enabled, which would essentially phish the users.  From the Forbes story mentioned in your original email, "By hosting the substituted fraud site at an arbitrary HTTPS address and adding a look-alike series of characters to the front of the URL, a user's browser can be tricked into showing all the signs of an HTTPS site."  Say sslstrip replaced  with  with a valid cert for *.ijjk.cn. Many users won't notice the ruse.  They think they have a lock icon, and see  in their URI bar. So clearly, this is the real paypal.
Many of the current browsers display the domain name of the ssl cert in response to these sorts of phishing attacks, so today, the user would see ijjk.cn in the green or blue ssl cert portion and then notice it says  next to it. That should tip you off that something is wrong.
There are far more sophisticated attacks with ssl and phishing around, but almost all of them rely on tricking the unwary user.
The general answer we give about Tor exit nodes is as follows:
Yes, the guy running the exit node can read the bytes that come in and out there. Tor anonymizes the origin of your traffic, and it makes sure to encrypt everything inside the Tor network, but it does not magically encrypt all traffic throughout the Internet.
This is why you should always use end-to-end encryption such as SSL for sensitive Internet connections. (The corollary to this answer is that if you are worried about somebody intercepting your traffic and you're *not* using end-
to-end encryption at the application layer, then something has already gone wrong and you shouldn't be thinking that Tor is the problem.)
Tor does provide a partial solution in a very specific situation, though. When you make a connection to a destination that also runs a Tor relay, Tor will automatically extend your circuit so you exit from that circuit. So for example if Indymedia ran a Tor relay on the same IP address as their website, people using Tor to get to the Indymedia website would automatically exit from their Tor relay, thus getting *better* encryption and authentication properties than just browsing there the normal way. It's not legal, assuming it was run in the US, EU, etc. See  Of course, botnets and phishing aren't legal either, but that hasn't stopped their growth into the tens of millions of infected machines.
For the wikileaks/jacob rumors, we have this answer,   In fact, it's a fine answer for anyone who worries their non-encrypted traffic is traversing the Internet.  We've helped write https everywhere with the EFF to help encrypt the traffic end to end, The recent DigiNotar, Comodo, and possibly other CAs breaks are a different sort of attack.  We don't have all of the details, one of the certs handed out by DigiNotar is *.*.com.  This means   and well, anything .com could be spoofed.  This is unrelated to Tor. However, if a government ran an exit node, and inserted their fake *.*.com certificate into the traffic, how would users know that their credit agency website,  is the real one or not?  Try and call up Experian and ask for their SSL certificate serial number and fingerprint.  I tried. I was routed to security because they thought I hacked their website, see  for more details.
How do you know you're talking to the real torproject.org for that matter?  Well, for starters, we publish our SSL cert fingerprints,  Other than that, how do you know? Current versions of Mozilla and Chrome, and maybe IE9, hard code our ssl cert fingerprint into their browser so if the cert doesn't match, you'll get a warning message.
How far down the rabbit hole shall we go?  Let's start with 'trusting trust' by Ken Thompson and work our way up to the current state of CAs today. Moxie is a smart guy, his answer to the CA issues, and therefore his own sslsniff/sslstrip attack is currently  I think Moxie's on the list, he can reply as well.

@_date: 2011-09-09 20:53:14
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Dutch police break into webservers over hidden 
On Fri, Sep 09, 2011 at 05:43:50AM +0000, tor-admin at orionjurinform.com wrote 2.2K bytes in 45 lines about:
: Very intresting what is the vulnerabilities they used for breaking systems?
This question can likely only be answered by the authorities.  The
obvious attacks are against the webserver itself (apache, IIS, nginx,
etc) or some interpreted language, like PHP, Python, or Java.  Hidden services provide the path and addressing to a destination.  They
don't provide the application or content at the address. You need some
sort of daemon/server software to provide the content and application.

@_date: 2011-09-09 20:56:58
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Dutch Police Investigation & Tor Spike: Correlation 
On Sun, Sep 04, 2011 at 06:03:35PM +0200, koot at uva.nl wrote 7.4K bytes in 147 lines about:
: Requests: Why? [1] from the Tor-talk mailinglist. Some believe (credits
: to  for enlightening me) that the August 2011 spike in Tor users
: via bridges may be related to the Dutch police investigation on Tor
: hidden services hosting child pornography, which also took place during
How do these two things go together? Hidden services are unrelated to
bridges. And we're seeing massive bridge queries, and huge spikes of
bridge useres in European countries.

@_date: 2011-09-09 21:04:33
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor banned in Pakistan. 
: I talked to someone from the pakistani government about this encryption
ban early this spring.  They were concerned that this law would be far
too broad and demolish whatever nascent e-commerce and online banking
markets that had started in the country.  They were also concerned that
too many people in the government didn't understand the difference
between a VPN and HTTPS. This person talked to American counter-terrorism people and found that
actual terrorists were not using VPNs nor HTTPS at all. They stating
right out in the open, from their registered DSL lines, their plans,
where they lived, and what they were planning to do on various online
chat network and forums.
While technically, yes this law does make anything that uses encryption
on the Internet in pakistan illegal, it was primarily aimed at the
various VPN providers run by known criminal organizations. Tor, HTTPS
Everywhere, and other tools are now illegal. Whether someone is actually
prosecuted for using such tools in country remains to be seen.

@_date: 2011-09-09 21:07:21
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Location App 
: I know I will need to supply the exitnode fingerprints, I was looking for a
: way to get the list of fingerprints form a tor status server and automate
: the whole process....
This app you want to create is already an open item for Vidalia, just
waiting for someone to do it.
As for getting the fingerprints, they're all in the cached-descriptors
file on the tor client. Therefore, they are local to the person running
the app.

@_date: 2011-09-10 08:21:19
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor banned in Pakistan. 
: would using bridges prevent the ISP from knowing that a person is using tor?
Yes. However, any analysis of the traffic using deep packet inspection
will show it is using encryption which is illegal.

@_date: 2011-09-10 08:29:00
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Dutch Police Investigation & Tor Spike: Correlation 
On Sat, Sep 10, 2011 at 08:20:39AM +0200, koot at uva.nl wrote 1.8K bytes in 40 lines about:
: I know, mind the last part (see below) of my post, which was probably
: WAY too long. I'm wondering whether, in lack of a better explanation,
: the bridge spike might have been caused by undisclosed activities
: performed by Dutch police et al. Not looking for a yes/no answer, only
: proposing a possible lead to follow for finding an explanation.
The current rumors around this spike in bridge queries and usage is:
1. Someone created a package which queries for bridges and automatically
uses them. We've heard of amorphous packages tied to helping Chinese or
Iranians circumvent their firewalls which may or may not do this
automated query and usage of bridges. It seems no one can find an actual
binary though.
2. Vuze Tor usage has suddenly become more popular. This would be a bad
3. A botnet using tor.
4. Your hypothesis of the Dutch police causing the bridge queries and
subsequent spike in usage from Europe and Latin America.

@_date: 2011-09-10 21:55:05
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor banned in Pakistan. 
: Forgive my ignorance but why would there be any need to inspect
: packets for tunnels?  Would the authorities not just ask every ISP
: to monitor the IPs to which their clients are connecting and if they
: are Tor nodes then the client must be reported.  AIUI all the ISP
: can see is that a connection is made to the first Tor node.
Because encryption is illegal, not ip addresses and port combinations.
At the most basic level, they could just block tcp 443 and probably
stop the most customers with that alone. If the ISPs really care, then
deep packet inspection is the next probability to detect and block
anything the dpi device claims is encrypted traffic.
Bridges aren't public tor relays. So comparing a list of public tor
relays and trying to catch bridge users will not work.

@_date: 2011-09-10 21:58:07
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor via DNS tunnel 
: For a while I've had my eye on a system that abuses the open nature of DNS requests to tunnel data out of a firewalled / censored environment. It would be interesting to see this implemented into tor bridges as an additional method of circumventing blocking. iodine doesn't abuse the open nature of DNS requests per se, it takes
advantage of the fact that roughly 95% of free networks with a captive
portal allow dns without question. or that people rarely look into dns
packets to see what they are doing.
As far as tor over iodine or nstx, it works fine.

@_date: 2011-09-11 20:51:20
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor banned in Pakistan. 
Perhaps I wasn't clear.  Pakistan has banned all encryption on the Internet inside their country.  It is unknown how this will be enforced, if at all. There are at least two ways Pakistan can enforce this ban:
1. Block typical ports for encrypted traffic, such as ssh, https, pop3, and imaps; or
2. Require ISPs to deploy deep packet inspection devices that look for any encrypted traffic.  Once they find encrypted traffic, the ISP can be required to  a. simply record that customer X is using encryption and report that to the government; or
 b. block the traffic. If number 1, Tor clients talking to bridges may still work, assuming the bridge isn't running on a blocked port.
If number 2, Tor clients in situation 2a still get recorded, because on the wire, it looks like someone is using encryption. Tor clients in situation 2b means the client will not connect to the next hop, the bridge in this case.
This is all conjecture as we have no more visibility into the enforcement mechanisms than any one else. We are working on pluggable transports and obfuscating the tor procotol so that we can fool a deep packet inspection device to some level. See  for extremely experimental code.

@_date: 2011-09-20 23:53:30
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] .onion address for SSH no longer works 
: Can anyone help with this? I can't even begin testing the hidden
: service before getting tor running first..... and this problem has
: been bugging for the past two months... Thanks.
Starting with basics, what happens when you simply run "tor" from
whichever directory it is installed?

@_date: 2011-09-23 07:10:12
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] using TOR without any browser 
: Julien, i want to use BackTrack and i need anonymity when using "Command
: Prompt" , for example "apt-get" or "wget " ,etc.
: what should i do now?
Perhaps start here,

@_date: 2011-09-23 09:48:13
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How to verify the authenticity of the Torbutton xpi 
Download the torbutton.xpi.asc and check the signature.
See

@_date: 2012-02-08 21:45:00
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor-blocking sites 
On Wed, 08 Feb 2012 23:13:44 +0100
Perhaps someone wants to implement nymble,
Lots of the sites I encounter with tor blocks are either using
cloudflare[0], project honeypot/bad behavior[1], or some logic to
determine an unacceptable threshold of queries per unit of time per ip
address (see google, linkedin, yahoo, amazon, etc)
[0] [1]

@_date: 2012-02-10 13:00:27
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Ars Technica on Iran's latest strategy 
Additionally, the reality in Iran isn't quite so cut and dry,
for some details. The blocking is not nationwide, nor even ISP wide. Still working on more details. It seems only people connected to
AS12880 are being routed through a proxy doing more filtering. Granted,
this AS12880 seems to cover most of Tehran.

@_date: 2012-02-12 20:22:31
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Adblock Plus and Ghostery should be included in Tor 
In general, I'm going to defer to Mike Perry, as he's our expert here.
Stopping ads is not the goal of Tor. Stopping tracking is one goal of
tor. We already defang and stop tracking by ads and ad networks through
torbutton. Adblock will just make things more of a mess, and possibly
undo the protections built into torbutton.
See  for the full
Actually, the likely problem is cryptographic overload on relays. We
seem to have a decent amount of unused bandwidth,
Sounds like interesting research. I look forward to the results and
data. Here's an informal set of research and data,
Ghostery is closed-source software. If we cannot see the source code,
we cannot evaluate it for privacy threats.

@_date: 2012-02-12 20:24:38
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Adblock Plus and Ghostery should be included in Tor 
Actually, you can buy stuff from ads through Tor. I've done it, works
Sounds correct, but needs more research into anonymity set reduction,
partitioning of those with or without DNT set, and does DNT reveal more
info than the lack of tracking via torbutton now?

@_date: 2012-02-13 13:53:12
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Sonic Firewall, Iran related? 
what a coincidence, I talked to a user last week with the same
problem, same sonic firewall. It turns out that his university was
breaking all SSL by trying to proxy the connection. It seemed it was
purposely breaking the ssl, probably for logging/policy reasons. The CA
was installed by the university on their mandated laptops, so students
would never know they were mitm'd the entire time. Sounds like
something Burma did a year or so ago too.

@_date: 2012-02-14 15:32:12
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor bridge delivery method 
There likely is a need for such a project. Have you seen
and  per

@_date: 2012-02-15 01:30:31
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Call for volunteers for UCL Usable Security, Privacy, 
I've started working with some students at University College London to
help them figure out usable security, privacy, and tor. We need some
volunteers willing to be interviewed via phone/skype/gchat by the
students. Preferably, you self-identify as either an activist or a non-activist
normal person who uses Tor at least monthly. Three people from each
category (activist/non-activist) would be ideal.
We will try to protect your privacy, but assume this first part of the
study is not anonymous.
If you're interested in helping out, please email me directly. I'm
going to take the first three people that respond from each group.
There will be a second part of the study where we'll look for a large
amount of anonymous feedback at some point in the near future.

@_date: 2012-02-15 12:06:04
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Call for volunteers for UCL Usable Security, Privacy, 
Tor users are awesome. Thank you to the eight people who responded. You
even fit neatly into each group.

@_date: 2012-02-15 13:36:05
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Blocking Tor - solutions? 
There is no easy, nor good solution right now. A solution that exists is
to run an unpublished exit relay. You then change the tor client to
allow .exit notation and use your private exit relay. I have heard of
some orgs that do this and share their exit relay with their
membership.  They use the normal tor network for everything they can, and then
switch to the private-relay.exit notation when needed. If the exit relay
is discovered (whether through cracking, law enforcement collection,
etc), then it could be much easier to map out who used it. It also may
increase liability because the exit relay operator cannot use the easy
explanation of "it was a public tor exit relay, therefore not my
The private exit relay still doesn't know where the client is in the
world, but not what the client is doing if using ssl and the like. The
org would possibly know what set of humans have access to it.
This is in no way condoning this option, but I'm continually surprised
at the creativity involved by others in using tor.

@_date: 2012-02-21 03:09:41
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor users trackable with common proxy? 
It's plausible they record all transit through their single internet
connection to non-Singapore world. Here are my thoughts, sort of based
on  faq
This collected information could give them tor clients talking to the
public list of tor relays or known tor bridges. They have deployed a DPI device that can recognize the tor handshake
and are recording the tor client to relay handshake. In both of these cases, they can only identify that you may be using
tor, not what you're doing. Using obfsproxy could defeat both of the above issues.

@_date: 2012-02-22 13:14:07
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Scroogle is No More? 
I suggest we kill this thread. It's moved beyond all useful info
sharing about scroogle dying. The attacks are getting personal and
irrelevant to tor.

@_date: 2012-02-24 16:24:48
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor bridge with no traffic 
First off, thanks for running a bridge.  Bridges are divided into at
least four pools in the bridge database. The pools are web, email,
manual and other, effectively. If your bridge was slotted into the
latter two pools, it will take a while to get some users. An
alternative is that your bridge is already blocked in some countries,
such as China, and other users haven't found it yet.

@_date: 2012-02-24 16:27:33
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The tor bridge in China 
Yes. Your bridge will not be able to talk to the rest of the tor
network, so will remain isolated.
Yes, we believe it is safe, even encouraged for some parts of the
world, such as China, where they are bent on hating the open Internet.
See  for more details.

@_date: 2012-02-25 08:06:55
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] bridges: stenography to hide Tor traffic 
: Nowadays with Iran and the DPI, wouldn't it make sense to think again
: about stenography?
See

@_date: 2012-02-28 00:30:36
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cannot finish handshake with directory server 
: I'm trying to use Tor from Almaty, Kazakhstan. It cannot connect to
: the Tor network.
: The error message says:
: : Problem bootstrapping. Stuck at 10%: Finishing handshake with
: directory server. (DONE; DONE; count 35; recommendation warn)
Indeed, see You need the obfsproxy bundle,

@_date: 2012-02-28 10:15:24
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cannot finish handshake with directory server 
On Tue, 28 Feb 2012 13:51:21 +0200
Yes, there are many, many companies. Bluecoat, Narus, Cisco, Fortinet,
Nokia/Siemens, come to mind. For Kazakhstan specifically, I don't know
which company they use, or maybe they're building their own like Iran.
Or just look at  for a list of possible companies.

@_date: 2012-02-28 21:09:03
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cannot finish handshake with directory server 
On Tue, 28 Feb 2012 12:26:03 -0500
Right. If it's not one vendor, it'll be another. And new ones will
spring up to fill the demand. I tried to talk to Huawei in Canada at a
conference, but they were all about 'the enterprise' and didn't know
anything about the ISP people, as they are different divisions.
I'm mostly interested in the technology, not where it is deployed. Back
in the day, I used to deploy dpi devices to protect a global corporate
network. Anomaly detection, or one massive bayesian good|bad filter, was
all the rage when I left the enterprise world in 2009. I'm sure this
is coming after the dpi craze. It's been interesting to see 'enterprise
dpi' deployed on a country-sized scale. Depressing at times, but

@_date: 2012-02-29 14:49:48
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cannot finish handshake with directory server 
On Tue, 28 Feb 2012 00:30:36 -0500
Here's slightly more data on .kz. A volunteer and I coordinated testing
and now we have both sides of the conversation. I don't think this
changes anything. It still seems the blocking is done at the client key
exchange. An alternative is that the server hello triggers the blocking
and the blocking is just really slow.

@_date: 2012-01-03 22:31:15
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What is going on with /var/run/tor? 
On Tue, Jan 03, 2012 at 05:23:39PM +0000, magickrot at gmail.com wrote 0.9K bytes in 29 lines about:
: But - returning to my Vidalia question - should I be using the ControlPort
: or the ControlSocket in the Vidalia "advanced" tab.  Currently it is set
: to:
The control port with a decent password, or let vidalia randomize it,
will work well.

@_date: 2012-01-04 17:03:49
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hoax? 
"There are two recent stories claiming the Tor network is compromised.
It seems it is easier to get press than to publish research, work with
us on the details, and propose solutions. Our comments here are based
upon the same stories you are reading. We have no insider information.
The first story has been around 'Freedom Hosting' and their hosting of
child abuse materials as exposed by Anonymous Operation Darknet. We're
reading the press articles, pastebin urls, and talking to the same
people as you. It appears 'Anonymous' cracked the Apache/PHP/MySQL
setup at Freedom Hosting and published some, or all, of their users in
the database. These sites happened to be hosted on a Tor hidden
service. Further, 'Anonymous' used a somewhat recent RAM-exhaustion
denial of service attack on the 'Freedom Hosting' Apache server. It's a
simple resource starvation attack that can be conducted over low
bandwidth, low resource requirement connections to individual hosts.
This isn't an attack on Tor, but rather an attack on some software
behind a Tor hidden service. This attack was discussed in a thread on
the tor-talk mailing list starting October 19th."
From 24 October 2011:

@_date: 2012-01-04 21:51:47
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "Invalid Server Certificate" accessing 
I think this is fixed for  now. Digicert apparently
updated their ca chained certs at some point. I've put the updated
ca-certs on the www servers. If this works, we can update them on all
torproject servers.
And for fun, I've attached the gnutls-cli output of the old cert in
place and the new cert in place.
tl;dr we went from:
our cert -> DigiCert High Assurance CA-3 to now:
cert -> DigiCert High Assurance CA-3 -> DigiCert High Assurance EV Root
I couldn't replicate the problem in Chromium, FF9, nor whatever version
of android i have on an obsolete phone.

@_date: 2012-01-05 12:28:03
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor transparent proxy security concerns (autostart 
I believe this is incorrect advice. Debian/ubuntu/mint need to use
update-rc.d, see  for

@_date: 2012-01-06 10:22:48
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] No script blocker on new TBB 
: I've found that the new TBB (Linux) doesn't have the Script blocker
: addon.  It used to be the letter "S" next to the web address bar.
On which package do you see this lack of noscript?  Noscript is enabled on
osx and linux for me. I haven't had time to fire up windows yet to test.

@_date: 2012-01-07 01:15:01
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] browser with best privacy without using Tornetwork 
: My Mozilla Firefox browser (most recent version) slows down after
: about 15 minutes, so that it becomes inoperable. Could this be
: happening as a way to prevent someone using TOR/Vidalia?
What's your setup? Is this tor browser bundle? Is this stock firefox 9.01?

@_date: 2012-01-07 01:17:02
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bootstrap speed of Tor Client 
: i did noticed that Tor sometime take a lot of time to make a bootstrap,
: especially when using private bridge.
: Wouldn't make sense to ship Tor client with latest available consensus
: and directory information already built-in?
The consensus is published every hour, we don't have the resources to
build new packages every hour. What are you considering as 'bootstrap speed' of Tor?

@_date: 2012-01-07 12:46:40
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Anonymity & HTTPS Everywhere Observatory 
: Have any recommendations from Tor Project been issued regarding the
: new? options in HTTPS Everywhere to use their "SSL Observatory,"
: where certain info is transmitted to them?
Nothing official yet. We ship HTTPS Everywhere 1.2.1 which does not
include the SSL Observatory code.
The HTTPS Observatory code is in 2.0developmentx releases, see
Currently, when installing the 2.0developmentx release, the first prompt,
after installation and restart of firefox, is to decide if you want
to opt-in to the SSL Observatory collection (which does transmit via
tor). The default is opt-out.
If you are reading this and confused, start here,

@_date: 2012-01-09 08:16:03
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] FIRE!fox 
Use the tor browser bundle, it works fine on 10.5.8.

@_date: 2012-01-12 12:05:54
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB and local TOR for Linux users 
Currently, no. There have been many debates over how to handle system
tor versus the tor shipped with tbb. To date, there is no clean
consensus on how to do this safely and without violating local OS
permissions or modes of operations.
Likely, you're missing some torbutton protections.
Here's the design doc on torbrowser,
 that shows the
difference between stock firefox and our firefox-based torbrowser.

@_date: 2012-01-12 12:25:21
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Google as default search engine revisited 
Because it's the default engine in firefox. We use the firefox source
code as the base of Tor Browser. Also, the majority of users want
google as their default engine due to the quality of search results. The
secondary default for search engines is DuckDuckGo if Google prompts
for a captcha. We get zero money from Google for search. The only Google money we get is roughly $3000 from
Google Summer of Code for every year we're accepted. Tor/EFF GSoC
students get a separate stipend if accepted, directly from Google.
Instead of theorizing about Tor's funding, look at it directly,
 All non-profit,
501c3 organizations in the US are required to disclose their
financials. If someone tells you they "acquired" tor's financials, it
means they downloaded it off our page or asked us for them directly.
For a bonus, Tor publishes everything about our financials, including
the optional documents such as our audit results and State of
Massachusetts filings.  They are a year behind generally, because it
takes 6-8 months for the auditors to get through everything to their
satisfaction. We expect our 2011 financial statements to be released in
July or August of 2012.

@_date: 2012-01-12 12:35:50
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Country statistics details 
We used to do this inside Vidalia, via a hidden server/tor-accesible
geoip lookup. However, it was run by the original Vidalia developer and
it went away when he graduated university.  See
for the announcement about us shutting it down.
It basically provided city-level resolution of tor relays, not clients,
for the Vidalia Network Map.  It would be a nice project to ask people if they want city-level data
for tor relays and include the extra geoipdb download as part of the
installation. The city geoip db is around 30 MB.

@_date: 2012-01-12 12:47:18
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] some maps on tor usage worldwide 
This is cool. How much work would it be to do daily average graphs? And
then turn this into an animated png over the months to show moving
daily average over time?
And are you willing to publish how you generated these graphs? We'd
like to have something like this on our metrics page. In general, we'd
love to have more friendly visualizations of the metrics data.
Thanks for doing this, it is great.

@_date: 2012-01-13 20:45:28
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Google as default search engine revisited 
I didn't invent statistics. If you're going to call me a liar, at least
have the gonads to be direct. I used my own experience from working with
TBB users. They generally want to play the google captcha game for
search results, not get redirected to another search engine. If you don't trust google, then great, you have the ability to change
the default search engine.
No matter which search engine we pick, some community will be unhappy
with it. Maybe we should just pick yacy, since it is uncensorable,
lacks centralized logging, and is peer to peer.

@_date: 2012-01-13 20:51:59
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How to make 100.000 bridge? 
If you replace the word "stateless bridge" with "proxy server", then
tor already supports that model. Bridges can also be proxy servers, as
the goal is to get the tor client to connect to the tor network.
Whether the tor client uses a tor bridge, or a proxy server, is mostly
irrelevant from a connectivity standpoint. From an anonymity and
security standpoint, what pros and cons exist for tor via proxy server
is an open question.
about flashproxy plugin for blogs, websites, etc.

@_date: 2012-01-13 20:54:57
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How to make 100.000 bridge? 
George proposed this very thing recently.
and tangentially related, once you have a working bridge, you should be
able to get more, and follow them as their IP changes,

@_date: 2012-01-14 11:25:31
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Google as default search engine revisited 
On Sat, 14 Jan 2012 10:50:21 +0100
Startpage is ixquick, and is already an option in TBB.
In order to move this discussion in a more positive direction, the
method to get something changed in tor is to open a ticket and have the
discussion about the decision in the ticket. I opened a ticket,
 to get the
conversation started.

@_date: 2012-01-14 21:37:00
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How to make 100.000 bridge? 
: > Yes, it's really a problem to find a tech-savvy person to run a private
: > bridge outside the censored regions. Recently, I wanted to test
: > obfsproxy and that adds to the problem! I had to find a person having
: > enough time and knowledge to configure an obfsproxy server out there!
This is why we created the bridge-by-default packages. Just download
and run. It's likely to work without needing to configure anything.

@_date: 2012-01-15 07:45:12
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How to install tor in Linux just as secure as 
On Sun, Jan 15, 2012 at 10:42:38AM +0530, bakshi12 at gmail.com wrote 3.2K bytes in 60 lines about:
: > Actually, Firefox does not use SOCKS for name resolution only in default setting : > (unless you are talking about different bug). There's : > "network.proxy.socks_remote_dns" in about:config, which needs to be set to true. : a system upgrade. The TBB provided by tor is really doing its job well. And I am interested to know
: its settings so that users can just make such system with available debian packages. Does the custom
: TBB uses polipo/privoxy ? I just found the following ports after starting TBB
TBB does not use polipo nor privoxy. : I can't remember correctly though, but I have read somewhere that current TBB doesn't use
: privoxy/polipo anymore after getting firefox version 6. If it is correct, then we also don't
: need them; So how does TBB solve the DNS leakage issue ? The correct info is required..
Quoting from another reply to you, the answer is here:
: > Actually, Firefox does not use SOCKS for name resolution only in default setting : > (unless you are talking about different bug). There's : > "network.proxy.socks_remote_dns" in about:config, which needs to be set to true. : A deb repo for tor customized aurora is also nice. I know the down-loadable TBB is just great.
: Still having the knowledge to make such system with available deb packages is always interesting.
: I'll look into the links you have provided, mean time any more clues is very much welcome.
Start here, and then read the source,
and then look at the settings for firefox aurora,

@_date: 2012-01-15 07:49:32
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor ports 
: After starting tor browser bundle, I have seen these 3 new ports.
I only see two on my debian running latest tbb. One of them is your
control port for vidalia to talk to tor. The other is your socks port
for aurora and other applications to talk to tor. I don't know how you
configured your tor, so the third could be anything. Simply telnet to
each port and see what answers.

@_date: 2012-01-15 17:54:19
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge: Why not just stateless TCP socket proxy / 
: does Bridge really need to be Tor Servers?
: Why they can't be just be simpler TCP socket proxy?
We've been through this already. ;) No, a bridge is
just a way to reach the tor network from a tor client,
it can be any proxy or tcp forwarder. I refer you to
again. Specifically, approach four and five.

@_date: 2012-01-20 15:29:13
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] IDEA: Compress traffic at exit 
And what decompresses the traffic at the destination site?
Lack of bandwidth isn't so much the problem. Lack of tcp sockets and cpu
power for onionskins at the relays is the problem. The higher bandwidth
the relay, the worse these two problems become. Exit relays are already overloaded, adding compression overhead will
not make this better. Lots of traffic on the Internet is already compressed between the
client and server. What tor does in the middle is irrelevant. See the
SPDY proposal,
Generally, the tor relays do not want to touch nor modify user traffic
in any way. Once we can detect "compress or not", it's a quick slide
down a slippery slope to "censor or not". See

@_date: 2012-01-20 15:34:25
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor-bundle , ssh , torsock howto ? 
Here's what I use:
when sshing through tor to public IP:
ProxyCommand socat -
when sshing to hidden service:
ProxyCommand socat -
It helps to setup an ssh config file and use those commands inside a
Host container.

@_date: 2012-01-20 15:45:36
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] A secure browsing model? 
This came up in a support phone call recently. The question asked
was, "Can I login to my igoogle through tbb and still search in a new
tab without logging in, and keep the search terms separate from the
obviously identified igoogle tab?"
The design doc isn't crystal clear here. It is clear that bing.com
searches will not leak to igoogle page, but not clear if
encrypted.google.com searches leak to  and vice versa.

@_date: 2012-01-20 15:49:36
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Gateway and Tor Workstation by ra [was: remove 
On Fri, 20 Jan 2012 11:41:18 -0000
Why not just use tails or liberte in your favorite virtual machine?

@_date: 2012-01-20 17:08:45
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Talking to users, six months later 
It's been a while since I relayed phone support experiences. Six months
ago we listed our phone number on the 'contact us' page. See the
experiences of the first month or so at 'talking to users',
There have been a few tweaks and changes to the live/phone support. It
is still free, but it is clear there is a demand for paid support and
consulting. The notable changes are adding jitsi for supporting otr and
zrtp-encrypted voip and video chats. Jitsi also works for anything
xmpp-based, such as google chat and voice. Also, publishing 'office
hours' for the world concentrates the calls to predictable hours.
We also setup a ticketing system to track email support requests.
tl;dr, users call, have questions, some calls are short, some calls are
long. maybe we should offer a paid support option.
First, the phone support FAQ list:
1. What is Aurora?
2. Why is Tor slower than x (vpn, proxy, native internet, psiphon, etc)?
3. Why is running a bridge/relay so complex? I want to help people, not
get a degree in computer science.
4. I want watch videos on the internet, how do I do this?
4a. Ok, not in tbb. How do I configure safari/chrome/ie/opera to use
tor so I can watch videos on the internet?
4b. why is this self-configuration so complex?
5. My anti-virus/anti-malware/spyware-detector tells me tor.exe and
vidalia.exe are unknown and unsafe. what do I do?
6. Can you explain to me online privacy and anonymity and how tor helps
make these happen?
Second, there are three calls that stand out over the past six months.
The first is actually not a single call, but a series of them.
'I'm an (animal rights or religious rights) supporter going to a
repressive Asian country to spread my message and take some actions.
Can you help me be anonymous online while traveling?' There are apparently some organized groups going somewhere in Asia
to do something. They eventually find Tor through search engines
and their fellow members and want to learn more. These calls are
generally 30-50 minutes long and generally wind up talking about how
the Internet works more than tor itself. There have been eight of these
calls so far.
The second was a series of calls from one woman. She called out of
desperation. She figured tor is 'technical and computery' and may be
able to help, since the local computer stores and police dept were
useless. She said her computer would randomly do things she didn't tell
it to do, like move the cursor, turn the webcam light on, and one of
her coworkers in another country seemed to know far more about her than
she remembers telling him over the years. The local computer stores ran anti-virus/anti-malware and found
nothing. One suggested she see a doctor for dementia (she's
older). The local police told her to take classes to learn how to use
her computer and even if her coworker was stalking her, he's in a
different country and therefore out of their jurisdiction. I was the
first to tell her she's not crazy and yes, infected computers can do
exactly what she's experiencing. After about 5 calls over two weeks, I
eventually handed her off to a local domestic violence organization who
can also help with internet stalking. It's surprisingly hard to find an
anti-abuse org that also knows how to handle the Internet. Comically,
the first two orgs I called pointed me at NNEDV.org, who then point
people at Tor for help with privacy online.
And the final call was my first video support chat. This person is an
adult video performer, and as she put it, 'there are fans, super fans,
creepy fans, and stalkers. I love the first three types of fans.'
The local police detective basically told her that because of what she
does for a living, there is nothing they can do about her stalker and
that she brought this on herself. She found tor through internet
searches. She talked to other companies who just wanted to sell her
software, but not actually answer her questions. She had a lot of
We covered online privacy, how the internet works, how to un-infect
her work computer, and how to keep her personal computer safer than the
work computer. Generally helped her setup tails on a usb drive,
tbb, and what happens when you login to google, twitter, and facebook
over tor (who does that provide privacy from, what does it protect,
etc). She wanted to know how to keep, in her words, 'the public me
separate from the private me' on the Internet and from her non-stalker
fans. In the end, she said the internet was far more complex than she
thought, and wishes she could just buy something that 'just worked'
without her thinking about it. She realized it's unlikely that will
ever happen.
In summary, there are the usual 5-10 minute calls/chats about technical
operations of tor, and then the far longer 'explain to me online
privacy and anonymity' calls. And yes, there are still the random crazy people that call and insist
they are being stalked by the Illuminati, The Greys, and other
intergalactic networks asking if tor can provide planetary anonymity or
anonymity on space networks. Thankfully, these are few and far between.

@_date: 2012-01-21 14:55:35
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Gateway and Tor Workstation by ra 
: For the record, Tails 0.10 allows watching videos that YouTube and
: other video sites make available as HTML5.
I find the greasemonkey script included for html5 video works about 50%
of the time on youtube and vimeo.

@_date: 2012-01-21 15:13:12
@_author: andrew@torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Pirate Linux - First Release 
: This is a project I have been working on for the Pirate Party of Canada.
: You can see the feature list and download links at : The video walk-through is at This iso is 2.96GB?  Jeez. I don't see any design document, or something
that details what changes are made to standard ubuntu and why.

@_date: 2012-01-27 11:35:14
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is the project 'Tor on the N900' alive 
Effectively, no. No one has volunteered to maintain the packages.

@_date: 2012-01-27 16:41:19
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Aurora only build 
I suggest starting with the source,
  We build tor browser
bundle from source code, so can you.  In fact, we encourage people to
build their own.

@_date: 2012-01-27 20:38:56
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Aurora only build 
On Fri, 27 Jan 2012 16:13:41 -0700
It's built from source.

@_date: 2012-01-29 17:28:57
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] leak through Antivirus Webscanner possible? 
I don't have a definitive answer, but here are my proto-thoughts,
likely yes. This answer is based on support calls and tickets. It seems
most anti-virus/anti-malware providers include some software that
intercepts and/or replaces 'localhost'. Their software generally does
one of two things: 1. scans for known malware/virus patterns locally, with this scan
database updated periodically;
2. intercepts and relays the traffic to a 'cloud' somewhere which
records lots of information about the user (ip address, program name,
timestamp, registration or serial number) and stuff all of this into a
database. Over time, they get to learn a whole lot about your computer
usage and build a fantastic profile of it. I've seen documents,
executables, etc sent to the 'cloud' too, scanned, and returned to the
user. What they do with all of that data is unknown. My first thought
when working with a user and ESET scanner was 'who needs spyware, you
paid for your spying to boot'.
The typical support call is when the user's A-V system prompts them
with 'start-tor-browser.exe' is of unknown safety. do you really want
to run this?'  It then repeats that question for tor.exe and
vidalia.exe.  It seems when you click on some link for 'unsafe' or
'check the cloud', you go to the vendor's website and by default opt-in
to upload the aforementioned data.
If enough people tell the 'cloud' that the tor-related executables are
safe, it crosses some threshold and all 'cloud subscribers' no longer
get the warnings. However, every time there is a new tor release, the
cycle of approval starts anew.
All of this is gathered from working with users. A fine bit of data
privacy research may be to figure out what A-V companies are collecting
from your computer and storing.
