
@_date: 2009-11-12 15:49:29
@_author: Andrea Ratto 
@_subject: all traffic through a VPN on top of tor, done! 
Thanks for the help. I actually have a VPN running on top of tor now!
The script I use is shaping up nicely and I can share it here, if there
is interest. It also supports direct connections and http proxy instead
of tor. I use it for all my VPN needs.
The use case for tor under the vpn is when you are on a hostile LAN
(your neighbor wireless :-D )
The lan administrator can't see where you are connecting to or what you
are doing there, while the exit node just knows it's ssh.
I use it to create a VPN with my home server so that I can use the
internet as if I was at my house.
The only problem I am facing is the lack of speed. Can something be done
about it? I was thinking to reduce the circuit lenght, but it seems
there is no option for that. Any suggestion is welcome.
PS: I don't know yet if it will work for hours...
Il giorno sab, 07/11/2009 alle 15.08 +0000, jackwssp q ha scritto:
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2009-11-13 08:39:39
@_author: Andrea Ratto 
@_subject: all traffic through a VPN on top of tor, done! 
I don't really know. I think that you really don't want to be your own
"anonymizer", unless you control computer all over the world. It seems
you are just trying to shorten the circuit.
For this kind of use (VPN) you are connecting to a server you implicitly
trust, since you control it. You don't really need strong anonymity, one
single encrypted hop would be enough. Any malicious node has only one way of attacking you: be the man in the
middle and try to get your ssh key. But ssh comes with protections
against it and, with a simple precaution, even a malicious node it's ok,
if it routes your traffic.
I already picked up a "near" and fast entry node but it did not really
I would just like to shorten the circuit, but it seems there is no
option for doing that. I hope they change their mind and put one, maybe
limited to 3 hops, so that it can't be used to over saturate the
Il giorno ven, 13/11/2009 alle 01.17 +0000, John Case ha scritto:
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2009-11-16 00:49:53
@_author: Andrea Ratto 
@_subject: all traffic through a VPN on top of tor, done! 
Il giorno ven, 13/11/2009 alle 16.28 +0000, John Case ha scritto:
You have a point, that is something I could do probably, but so far all
ssl proxy I have seen, are actually websites with a form. I need to use
the proxy from the command line and pipe a ssh connection through it.
That is why am glad my script has tor support now. Anonymity is there.
It's just really slow. :-)
I added tortunnel support as well, which is probably slower than those
websites but serves the purpose.
I am pretty happy with the result. I'll be posting a link as soon as I
have it online, if someone needs it. It's just a nice script for a vpn
on top of ssh, even if you don't need tor.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2009-10-30 08:54:07
@_author: Andrea Ratto 
@_subject: all traffic through a VPN on top of tor, if only... 
Hello list!
To run a VPN on top of tor one must be able to separate tor traffic from
the rest and route tor connections to the physical network, and
everything else to the vpn virtual inteface.
That is theoretically possible by doing something like this:
1- bootstrap tor and have it connect to some relays
2- get the ip addresses of those relays
3- instruct tor not to connect to anyone else
4- add routing for those addresses and start the VPN
I can do point 1 and 4, but I am not sure if point 2 and 3 are
practically possible with tor. This is where I ask for help.
If I put it all together I will be happy to share my script for a VPN on
top of SSH on top of tor, for an exotic blend of anonimity,
confidentiality and authentication. For any clarifications, please ask.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-05-15 20:26:39
@_author: Andrea Ratto 
@_subject: a VPN on top of tor, here's a script 
I have finally published the script I use for create a virtual private
network. It's meant for Linux and it has both tor and tortunnel support.
Details and code at:
Andrea Ratto
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
