
@_date: 2012-08-01 08:25:46
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] anyone created an acct on GMX using Tor? 
I see this clich? repeated over and over. How can they tell if I am up
to no good without any anonymity? If my IP4 is made out of 3 odd numbers
and one even I'm 3/4 an odd person? Do they ask the local astrologer to
approve the subscription and without geolocation the man can't do well
his job? The local which has a thing against people she can't poroperly
identify? Does the cyber terrorist lack the skills to use some zombie
machine outhere?
Privacy is for everyone. But privacy does not fit well in their business
plan. I imagine the PS: Oh! And one more thing Mr Spammer. We have a
number of accounts who's origin we don't know. But, hey, who cares,
right? Everybody buys your product! Right?

@_date: 2012-08-01 21:19:26
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] anyone created an acct on GMX using Tor? 
fastmail.fm, yandex, and some others. Just search the archives of this
list. Lavabit.com does block some exits, but new identity does help.
Maybe nobody wrote them about Tor.

@_date: 2012-08-02 21:44:13
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] anyone created an acct on GMX using Tor? 
I had the same feeling when I first heard of them. While I tell my
friends that they could use Tor for anything, say checking their Yahoo
mail on an open Wifi, and that helps both generate harmless traffic on
Tor and tell Yahoo some people value their privacy at the same time.
With Riseup it's about using it when needed. Also keep in mind there are
alternatives to Riseup, and I don't think of FB or Google, yet there are
no alternatives to Tor at the moment.

@_date: 2012-08-03 10:39:43
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] anyone created an acct on GMX using Tor? 
I guess that is an example of taking things out of context. A lot of
people give ISPs a bad name. A lot of people give countries a bad name.
And so on. Anybody who's online has a share of it. Unpatched servers,
firewalls set up with defaults, faulty routers, anything for anybody.
You missing out on the latest OS patch could mean somebody would take
control of your box and give you a bad name. Do not single out Tor as a
source of problems. Most of the public wants to hear that to shift the
attention from their broken Symbians or old corporate Windows installs.
So I think its less about abuse and more about old filters
misunderstanding what's going on. After all, so many people get online
over NAT, yet most filters are set up in the usual, now stupid way, of
couting by IP connections. Yet given the subject more and more people
are reading this and giving it a try. Each individual just wants to see
for oneself. But as a whole it is an abuse: a couple of Tot exits asking
for new accounts every 5 minutes.
As for your certainty: I do have accounts from all mentioned services
(Gmail, Yahoo, Gmx) and everything was done over Tor. Because they are still getting a lot of information. My Yahoo account
(accessed behind Tor) gives quite a few insides on my activities. Just
not linked with a certain geographical place. That makes my life easier,
as I am quite lazy, and helps them keep their userbase. The moment they
are going to block Tor users that is going to be marked somewhere
online. And me and others affected by that move would have to urge our
contacts to move to other equaly gratis sites. They are going to keep
the Yahoo mailbox as a storage for many / large attachments. Meaning
Yahoo would get to pay for the hard drive space and have less info to
use. Sure, it's not a big deal in the context of their millions of
users. But it's something to think about. They launched the unlimited
account and people were still switching to Gmail just for it being
cooler. Next time some idiot would make a webmail comparison on some
site it would throw in that blocking as one more reason to switch to the
company that paid him for the article.
And again. Tor is not the tool for the bad guys. It's slow. Tor exit
nodes are public and blocked in some cases. Why not go through an open
WiFi? That would reveal your geographic location at a certain instant in
time. Otherwise it's open. How about going through another computer? And
I don't mean using proxy software.
As for yahoo there other UFO-type mysteries. Why do they keep their
services out in the open. It was mentioned the Men in Black have their
harvesting machines in the Yahoo datacenters. As Skype they still get a
copy of everything that goes through their network. Why not add TLS to
every connection be it webmail, IM, or whatever? Or how come a new
account, once it gets over a certain level of trafic, even if it is with
a short list of trusted emails, it starts getting spam? A lot more spam
than any other webmail service I have used lately. Or you ask yourself
why would they allow Tor? Because they see everything you send and to
whom. But why they do not block PGP / GPG emails? They are very obvious.
And it's a pain to try to crack one only to find out a grocery list from
some geek to his programmer wife.

@_date: 2012-08-03 20:08:02
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and the free email providers was: Re: anyone created 
Only thing is that many people don't read the archives. Myself included.
Anyway, I changed the subject as it no longer has anything to do with
the initial post.
Yes. You are right. Yet, a lot of people do read the arhives. And
lamenting about bad guys going over Tor might fuel some ill intentioned
positions. I'm not for censorship. Far from it. But I'd say to limit the
comments in that direction to the already existing warnings about entry
points, bridges and exit points. This is purely speculation and I have
no study to back me up, but I'm quite sure Tor is truly a pain in the
rear for those wrongdoers. Which paints a depressive picture, as people
in child pornography are only a few. And those few are enough of a scare
to confiscate hardware, close down servers and so on. Two centuries ago,
giving the evil eye to the local priest would lead to live evisceration
and other wonderful not so medical interventions. Today knees begin to
tremble to a question like ?so you don't want to protect the children??.
People have died in order to have enough freedom to have naturist
communities, yet two bit stars talk about the shame of a naked elbow at
17 and step by step the society goes back to those days of the Middle
I'd say eagerness does not help in these situations. Try it 5 months
from now. Or forget it altogether. Because I've been in communities that
rejected anything other than say a gmail.com account. So, unless you
really need it, just mark it down on some webpage as unfriendly and
that's all. I just discovered a couple of hours ago that
opensubtitles.org is far from open and it blocks at least two Tor exits.
But in the last 6 months the only one service I stumbled upon who
blocked Tor was startpage.
As for the precise answer to your questions, sometimes even they don't
know. Automated scripts which go wild. And it's hard to teach them they
have to redo a configuration. They'd rather tweak it and tweak it some
more till it breaks for good.
Experience and craft have little in common with opening a free
web-something account. And I think luck it's hard to prove in real life.
Within the computer generated world luck has even less meaning. I see it
as not one's luck, but other one's carelessness.
Just digging for a path to a server would simply lock other paths. You
and anyone with an issue should contact the administrators. After all
there is no right to have a Gmx account.
Anyway to satisfy your curiosity they were all made in the past 12
months or so when I needed. Apart from one issue with Lavabit solved
with two changes of exit nodes, everything went smooth. I still have
ergonomy issues. Even after tweaking Firefox, Wordpress gave me a long
time SSL timeout two out of three times roughly. Google services gave me
for a while failed logins. Never filed bug reports for those or wrote
the owners of a site as I could not pinpoint the origin of the problem.
In the last months Wordpress has been changing the interface to make it
more facebookish. Some of the issues were solved with less restrictive
NoScrip. Some, like the status or reader are unusable. If only I my
knowledge would allow me to do some forensics!
I'm pretty sure there is no technique involved. Although some sites are
really stupidly designed when it comes to error reporting. Just try to
use a 60 character password with spaces and signs like the slash. Some
even tell the two pasted password instances do not match! Others will
quietly reload.
Why? You have Tor. You know how to use TBB. Why not enjoy the free
stuff? See also that not only tor bridges are helpful to the community,
but also an open Wifi. From a paranoid point of view it's better to have
an open router with limited traffic, than an encrypted one. Routers are
easy to crack and a badly chosen password woud make the law catch you
with your pants down as the next porn downloader. An open router means
anybody could have done it.
Anything that goes through radio is public. And anybody within the
radius can read the traffic. For that one uses VPN. Or HTTPS. Or Tor.
Actually, they are all SSL derivates in my case.
Second, who is they?
Third a firewall can block most fingerprinting.
Fourth: you are in a public place. Who cares about fingerprinting when a
security camera or a guy with a GPS enabled photo camera can take
pictures of you and your desktop?
Yes. But we don't mean the same. Gmx meant going online in another
place. I meant going through another place.
If they are able to push software to run on your machine, most probably,
Tor or not. If using the same browser and enable than disable Tor
button, some traces might remain there even if there is a an active team
and community to look for this kind of issues.
If I get things right, right now the Tor team has a priority of getting
people to connect to their targets. Many governments today are actively
blocking Tor. And even more government agencies are doing their best to
track the activity of marked individuals. Keeping your privacy once you
get on the desired server is less of a concern to the Tor team. People
have been warned. Yet they want to see silly cat movies and the last
night TV show so they enable Flash. Or they go on Facebook and let
people in real life identify them. Or give their real phone number to
Google. And so on. In short: Tor helps you go to a net cafe or park and
publish data about the evil company. It does not protect you from using
the company email to give the link to your site.
I don't understand that part.
Correction: they do not scan the email. They store it. For undisclosed
periods of time. That suggest as the closest date sometime near for ever
and ever.

@_date: 2012-08-05 14:16:55
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] anyone created an acct on GMX using Tor? 
Do not forget that as every SIM card comes embedded with a serial number
that does most of the identification and not the actual phone number
printed on the box, each telephone also has a serial number. Those two
strings are stored just like anything else, like location updates,
number you have called or have called you and so on. If Sony does have
years old registration data and credit card numbers in its possesion,
I'd say it's sane to assume the phone company stores this data for ever.
So giving that phone to your brother in law or lending it from a
highschool friend doesn't make much of a difference.

@_date: 2012-08-08 10:41:25
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor as ecommerce platform 
This is a silly idea.
In the perpetual war against drugs Tor could be harmed. And once the
link established the government can deny in the strongest of terms there
is any connection with the free speech blocking. Given the other two
perpetual wars (against child porn and against terrorism) can be easily
associated with Tor.
As for the elusive Silk Road site, I would say get and read The Politics
of Heroin by Alfred W. McCoy.
This is a sick idea. Or is it a joke?

@_date: 2012-08-09 11:43:10
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor as ecommerce platform 
Sorry for the rant.
What you call exploration is more like advertisment. And a powerful one
as it implies a sense of danger and a sense of ilegality. The same way
people will click on a spam message link that promises Sarah Palin's
nipples even a heterosexual woman or a gay man, push an inocent link on
some message board with high trafic and you get trafic. It's how society
works. Say you advertise for your half baked demonstration of the Theory
of Relativity. A few phisics majors would check you out. Maybe some will
point out the mistakes. One or two might quote you as an ignorant on his
blog. Now, change that and announce your brand new site that disproves
the Theory of Relativity and shows the huuuge government conspiracy.
You'll get every nut case checking out that board. But you'll also get
the skeptics, the ones who go against the Conspiracy Theory. And you
stand a good chance to have at least some of the phisics majors.
In short you are bound to have spikes in trafic. The key is to have a
long run. The longer the better. In order to catch a glimpse.
Also, have to say I love the US media newspeak. What's questionable?
Questionable, via the dictionary[1], doubious (esp. in the area of
morality) or of disputable value. Is it a Harry Potter site promoting
?the best book in the world?? Is it some nut proving once more that the
people never went outside the atmosphere because there's where the
angels thread? In many (most?) parts of the World a gay dating site
could be even worse than the child porn site, and people do get killed
for getting into consenting adult parties. Well, in the past weeks
Britain has proven more than a few times people do get arested and
slaped by the so called authority just for passing by a hot area.
I find it very interesting to see the subject debated. On one hand we
have the concept of honey pots used in computer security. The idea is
not new for sure. But people do concentrate on censorship like mad in
the past decade. And, sorry, but some pictures are dust thrown in the
eyes of the public. Out there there are whole countries specialised in
the real deal. There is child slavery. And children not forced to
prostitute themselves are worked 16 hours a day by Adidas, GAP and the
other cool brands. With no future and no health this looks more like a
country?wide concentration camp for the minors. Catch a copy of the
Hammer of Witches, written some centuries ago, and see how any oposition
is bound to be evil. Either are with me or against me.
It's interesting this type of 1984 like perpetual war. A couple of years
ago I was reading ?Brotherhood of Corruption: A Cop Breaks the Silence
on Police Abuse, Brutality, and Racial Profiling? and the author
mentions he heard about Operation ?Iron Wedge? (I hope I'm not mixing
stuff) which has proven very effective as cops would masquerade as drug
dealers and catch everybody asking for a dose. The result was bad from a
few angles. First, the trafic was reduced, thus affecting the perpetual
war. Second, there were caught a lot of people who shouldn't. So they
moved to the next stage, the one used in popular movies too, to catch
the poor and avoid VIPs alltogether. This way every year the number of
arrests is high justifying budget increases.
That reminds me of something told by Jake Applebaum. About an FBI guy
who thought all the criminals are stupid.
Anyway, beware of the power of the terms. Piracy is high seas robbery.
Where you have nowhere to run or hide. Yet it is used liberally and
indiscriminate to mark unauthorised digital copies. But it is so much
shorter, isn't it? Same goes for the terrorists. In the 15th century
they were called witches. The 20th century was a mess and half the World
called them communists and the other half called them capitalists. In
the 21th century the media has settled for the term terrorist. Only that
Noam Chomsky pointed out that terrorism is relative and not absolute.
Under scrutiny they have proven it takes time, it takes qualified
personnel and for all that you need an investment fund[2]. Sure, I've
seen movies with the lone IRA guy specialised in both explosives and
close quarters combat who can launch an attack on some populated city by
sitting in the lotus position with his faithful laptop, located in a
field of poppies and with his trusted hidden sattelite uplink. Probably
it's just some Johnny Mnemonic type of guy, he just replaces the chip
with the knife combat theory and voila! he can do a script in python
that can run on a visual basic interpreter.
Last week I was reading about some military nut expressing some fantasy
estimates about how much money businesses are losing because of cyber
attacks just as a way to pay himself a raise. Nowhere in that article
was any mention: if the tax is so high, why not hire a good sys admin
and pay him well? Or more if the network is too large. Nowhere in that
article was any mention: if the cracker tax is so high why not go back
to the old ways with pen and paper?
People nowadays have been living in a dream where they can get scared,
but nothing should harm them. And this dream is quite recent. And I
really don't know how it happened. A century ago I would have gone to my
grandma with wine and cake and could meet the big bad wolf. I could meet
some robbers and rapists. I could meet a hungry bear. Today I overspeed
on the icy road through the remains of the same forest and the car skids
and stops into a tree. Today I bitch because the road was not cleaned
fast enough and that local administration taxes too much for a large
villa with a pool. A century ago I would have been content the taxman
has left the cow, the only source of protein for the whole family. Am I
crazy? A century ago the whole family could have died in pain because of
eating the flesh of a sick pig. Today there are pressure groups raving
about how some preservative that helps people avoid rotten meat might
give one cancer in the next 50 years or so. A century ago most people
would not live for 50 years, but today that is a serious concern.
[2]

@_date: 2012-08-11 22:03:58
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor as ecommerce platform 
The non technical, non freak population doesn't really see the use in
the developed World as Facebook marketing is way past advertisments and
into the actual news. Just the other day I have read a fascinating
article in one national newspaper about how the parents who have teens
should advise their children to check up on FB the people they meet
online as (and that is an aproximate quote) only freaks and weirdos
won't have a public profile. They went even further as how to check on
their FB activity for the sake of ?safety?. In short they really bought
the if you don't have anything to hide...
Also, to generate a .onion is not trivial. And it's not a one click plus
a form like getting a hotmail account. Make it as easy as getting a
Wordpress account and the numbers will rise. But I'm not sure the
quality will rise.
Also, hosting the files  is not easy as most normal people do not
have computers that run 24/7. But offering an endorsed service would
mean staff to do some cleaning up.

@_date: 2012-08-12 10:27:36
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor as ecommerce platform 
figgure out how to phrase your article such it would catch the editors'
It's funny how you put it. One paragraph points to the clich? approach.
The following just contradicts the previous pointing out that it could
be an attack to profit from the news that membership is already going
In the past years have been quite a lot of these examples. In a dream
world where every programmer was an agent of propaganda for Google some
entity took the time to prove to the World Google is evil in the
conventional view. And it's not the press. Those are good at rephrasing
ready made PR articles and pretty much nothing else. In another light
the tango between Apple and Samsung is wonderful. The two are partners
and do almost identical products for different price ranges and
expectations. Yet they get so much publicity with their legal cha?cha
they can peddle the same old hardware by just putting an extra letter to
the name. And people would take a job they don't like to have one of
their gadgets they don't need.
Of course not. I put it as a benchmark of the ease of use. Compared to
MySpace, Hi5, FB, whatever, is as is to use. And it's Open Source. It
can probably called free software.
As for the content, the nature of Internet is pushing to low quality.
Low attention span. The ease of repost. While the password can be
checked as weak or strong, a newly posted article can't even be checked
to show other articles just like it, if not identical.
But how? Email is hard to secure. Say you even get two tormail accounts
or two gmail accounts via Tor. Now you have to exchange keys and be
careful as encrypted stuff is quite obvious in a sea of plain text spam.
You have to develop ways of making sure the other one is who he is. See
the weasel that told on Bradley Manning. In the former SU those
scoundrels were the cornerstones of a good population surveillance. So
why reinvent the wheel when there are so many who still don't own an
What abut chat? Jabber over SSL with OTR. Is there something more
secure? But what can protect an audio stream? Or video? I just have read
a bunch of papers about analysing Tor. One from 2008 was pointing out
how little of the trafic was over SSL. One interesting thing was they
were putting downloads -- identified as over 1Mb files over HTTP -- in
the same league as torrents. Sure, the interactive use of the web should
be important. But how about uploading a movie documenting a meeting that
never happened officialy? That should be more important. Yet, how do
people know how to document such a meeting beyond the silly: see, Mr. A
and Mr. B were together in the same room? Here, people are quite helpful
and tolerant even with repetitive silly questions. And that goes for the
Tor blog where guys like Runa do a wonderful job. But most of the
mailing lists and forums are filled with geeks who can't explain the
basics: HOW. Sure, this thread has gone quite far with WHY. But how
about HOW? Ask some question of cryptography and the gist of the answers
is: you can harm yourself doing that.
To structure the above mess:
1. People (myself included) need to know in a clear way how to secure
email trafic.
2. How about IMs? What to use?
3. Can voice and video be secured with something like OTR?
4. How can one extract the relevant information in order to blow the
wistle? Press is the obvious counter example.
I admire the guy. While the Gates dude had a powerful family that pushed
him, Jobs did something original. Just to make any non technical guy
want an expensive gadget, now, that was a special trick!
Because privacy is losing them money. Wistleblowing is losing their
clients money. Eradication of government corruption pushes their costs
higher and thus lowers the profits. And skeptical thinking might put
them out of business. In shot it would be stupid not to have the
foresight and do this.

@_date: 2012-08-14 22:31:38
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] http://torbrowser.sourceforge.net/ 
Than why do you advertise it here if pushing through confusion a second
hand browser is not the goal ?
How does that team audit the pack?

@_date: 2012-08-16 17:44:41
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] http://torbrowser.sourceforge.net/ 
It's plainly a scam. The name. The URL. The look and graphics. And if
any doubt the tiny bank-like statement that is barely visible. If you
follow the thread the guy pushing this advertisment even had the nerve
to write how the Tor team should patch WebKit. If left alone, in a few
months they will demand money from Tor for an ?alternate? browser or
scam some of the well intended people of donations. I'm for the GPL and
for the development of anonymity tools for the Internet. But this is not
Randolph's Flying Donkey. It's labeled to troll and maybe get some bucks
in the troubled waters. The ethics of such project is zero because for
what was already written in here: people could be inprisoned or killed
for using a low grade product. Or people in Syria should get a Major in
English and a Minor in Law just to make a difference? Myself I am going
to write about that to the sourceforge team to suspend this name. And I
think this is the reasonable way to go.

@_date: 2012-08-16 17:54:45
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] http://torbrowser.sourceforge.net 
So the package is unfit. As most people who risk their lives by using
Tor are not English native speakers all these warnings should be written
in big red letters above all the junk about how nicely it can encrypt
the cache. This debate sounds like the wonderful Hide My Ass service. It
was never written ?we do keep logs that we are going to give to the
first to ask?. They wrote anonymity on all pages. They never pushed the
service as a way to skip the filters on Hulu. If they would say that HMA
would be a honest service. But, as this Dooble bundle, it's a scam.
Worse, it can be a corporate paid honeypot. On one hand Vodafone
voluntarily blocked Internet trafic in Egypt at the same time pushing
mails in at least 3 countries to their employees that the totalitarian
Mubarak regime forced them to do it. Talking again and again about a
beta webkit, about how there is a bug report and so on stinks like a
Vodafone type of move and not a couple of guys having a hard time
understanding what's the issue.

@_date: 2012-08-17 13:32:06
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] http://torbrowser.sourceforge.net 
Cool! We're having a contest!
This is a Straw Man Fallacy. Check it out on the web, although you might
be using it on purpose. I was not insinuating. I was stating. I never
said conspiracy. I wrote scam. I have nothing with yet another lame
browser attempt. I'd like to see a lightweight (like Webkit, or better)
privacy oriented engine. Repacks of the same three engines over and over
again only make a mess because each repack (you call it a browser I
assume) comes with another version. Which makes the excuse used by
Randolph (if I recall well) ?it's not our problem, it's Webkit's?
weaseling. Version 1.01 of the ?browser? has a Webkit version. Version
1.02 might have another. And another ?browser? packs yet a third patch.
What's that with real users? Opera Mini is a mobile browser with mobile
users as opposed to your ?real? users?
Again, the Straw Man Fallacy. You can have as many browsers around as
many engines you like. Most people do not care about their privacy. And
are ready to use HTTP over their mobile phone. On the other hand, Tor
has another issue. Check out the real Tor pages. Those people can be
harmed for a leak in privacy.
Clich?: attacking something you don't understand. So there is one pack
audited for security and with quite some following which is QUITE safe.
And another labeled just like the first yet a basement project of a
couple of men I don't know. In all this silly debate I have never seen
some names. Who handles security? Is it prof. X at the University of
LaLaLand? Is it long time security speaker Y? Or the hacker who patched
the weird 898989 bug into Firefox? No. I've read about yet another scam
of using the name of a well known developer who, isn't it amazing? has
nothing to do with your project.
Does not profit from this or that is dust thrown in the eyes of the
audience. Does not profit because it's a marginal project. I would like
to see that after it passes 15% usage rates. And with some documents,
statements. Not just rhetorics.
Yet you answer without touching the points.
It's not anger. But, come to think about it should be. As I have a
feeling none of you involved with this project will take responsability
for the victims in case there would be proof.
Than why are you here?
I was amazed by this one. I have checked what I've sent. It was not for
the Dooble development team. It was not for the Dooble mailing list. It
was not sent to you. Maybe I have some weird kind of virus that adds
names to my To: field. Can you help me with that? Whom else, besides the
tor list has received my email?
Also, would you care documenting yourself about the use of email? The
answer doesn't come on top. Unless you care about people reading you and
optionally reading the other. Also, the message should be trimmed from
the waste. Leaving the tor list signature might mean you were so
preocupied with crafting your message you haven't noticed that. As it
might also mean you don't care so much about the appearance of your
emails. Which probably means you are one of the best people to point out
the lack of manners.

@_date: 2012-08-24 14:50:09
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bugmenot.com / Cloudflare.com blocking Tor 
Going to Bugmenot I was welcomed by a spam page. On a closer inspection
I was warned I should have cookies enabled and answer a captcha. Of
course, the ?advanced details and evidence? does not work ?Sorry, there
was an error?. Is this a new way of pushing advertisments down the
user's throats without bothering the main site? Down, after some more
advertising I was able to read:
What happened?
This website is participating in a project to stop attacks and educate
visitors with infected computers or mobile devices about how they can
clean them up.
Why am I seeing this page?
Your computer or another device on your network is compromised with a
virus or malware. Criminals can use this malware to manipulate your
device to send spam, process fraudulent transactions, or conceal other
dangerous activities.
What should I do?
Make sure your anti-virus software is up to date and run a full scan.
If you do not currently use an anti-virus solution, we encourage you to
consider one.
When will this restriction go away?
This restriction will disappear when your computer or mobile device is
cleaned and no more harmful behavior is detected. Completing the
challenge above proves you are a human and gives you temporary access.
You can ask the website owner to permanently whitelist you.

@_date: 2012-07-01 18:39:33
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Anonymous Publishing Is Dead. 
Hmm... I already do something like that. And I tell you that most free
providers are a pain to work with. And that includes all the major
players. They are all going to punish you with a long annoying
reidentification which will prove zero security just because you change
location. And they do have the time and computing power just to try to
locate you any other possible way as their business model is tightly
integrated with tracking and selling private data.
Disposable email is good for accessing some resource once. Otherwise is
a pain in the rear.
I spent some time reading about bitcoin. It's a miracle discovery. It's
a proof about non conventional methods being able to compete with the
conventional financial transaction type. But I fail to see the anonimity
side of things. It's so nice. It's sooo geeky. It employs silly terms to
scare the layman like mining. Or worse, it has terms with a clear
equivalent in conventional finance like wallet. My grandma knows she can
watch over her wallet and things would be all right. And if someone
forces her she can go to the police station and declare the theft. Till
version 0.6 there was no protection from theft with BC. Crap concept
with junk application from the point of view of annonimity. Each time
some conspiracy theorist starts making sense I remind myself that people
(programmers are people, aren't they?) are above all stupid followed
closely by lazy. Just take a look at the way FF is developed: in the era
of Facebook developers are doing their best to shed MORE data instead of
patching up the holes. By holes I don't mean Secunia security holes, but
privacy holes.
Actually any service should be checked for its origin or place of doing
business. Always remember the case of Hide My Ass which proved to be
full of Holes if you allow such a gross joke. They weren't keeping logs
till pressured. Than they said everybody is obliged under law to keep
logs. And to prove the indolence of their users: they are still in
business, trapping flies for the government. On the other hand, servers
hosted outside the reach of certain totalitarian governments are blocked
on the crime of spam or copyright infringement. If these were anything
but hassle (see the problems with the free webmail above) yahoo and
google would have offered email only between their users.
Usually this kind of trafic is tolerated because they want to catch a
bigger fish. Sometimes services like that are set up by the
investigating authorities. And some other times they set it up
independently just for the sake of compensating the budget restrictions
(those drones are mighty expensive, mind you).

@_date: 2012-07-01 18:50:28
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Anonymous Publishing Is Dead. 
What is cloudfare? I tried and got pushed to some facebook page so I
closed the tab.
There should be some hosting platform. Because no matter how private
people have a hard time keeping a small server online 24/7. To make
things worse readers I expecting instant gratification. During the BBS
era there was some mistique associated with virtual places. And you
tried and tried till it worked. Today, once they get a 404 they never
come back.
It would be wonderful to have Thunderbird too, although the users are
only a few. Also some more privacy with Tor Brower ? like a unique
screen resolution or the inability to probe for extensions from outside.

@_date: 2012-07-01 23:35:35
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Anonymous Publishing Is Dead. 
Bravo! I would have done it anonymously anyway.
That is a MAJOR issue with anonymity. But you are mistaken: not only
text, but HTML / XML can be clean with a careful, but fast examination.
Also the derivates like EPUB. Otherwise, hairy and badly written
standards always will have places to watermark. Imagination is the
limit. That goes for PDF for example. Most of the watermarks could fall
with a succession of conversions which will degrade the quality of the
document, but will erase the less imaginative watermarks (say PDF ->
DJVU -> PDF). To downright criminal formats like .DOC which are ready to
store information about your configuration and private document path.
You could, for example, process PDFs or scans through Abbyy Finereader
which is quite fast and reliable. The OCR results will discard part of
the image fingerprinting if not all and also the metadata.
That's because the major players of the Internet are LIVING out of
selling data to third parties. An anonymous individual is not a
liability as they declare, but a loss of revenue. Still, at the time,
they can't really verify everybody so a lot of people just slip in. But
Google and Facebook are pretty decided to close this gap ASAP. And the
less than very big players still can get a nice income out of selling
data, or are plain careless. Myself I'm amazed of how many sites are
ready to share their data with Facebook or Google for free.
That is very hard to achieve. Once things become a few clicks away
carelessness shows its head. And people are already so very used to give
their private data expecting someone else to take care and hide it. And
it takes a few more steps in terms of thinking than the regular ways.
Because it's not enough to buy a new GSM prepaid card in order to
receive calls from a third party. Because the phone in which you use the
card has a serial number that is already associated with an identity.
Because nobody from the ?other? life can use that number for a chat.
Because you can't spend those extra credits just about to expire by
midnight talking with your dear mother. Because mobile phones reveal
Wikileaks had the advantage of filtering data and protecting the source.
But they could not protect Bradley from talking too much with a
mercenary. People publishing themselves is a huge risk. And that without
couting people trained to find out stuff. It can be as easy as a couple
of exchanged comments.

@_date: 2012-07-02 00:09:56
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] blocked exit node IP because of spam 
I feel there is a need to dispell some wonderful magic of the modern
society: the World has always been large. Even if it takes a lot less to
cover large distances, the World is still large. And that might mean,
among others, diverse too.
A second spell of the modern society is safety. The World has always
been both comfortable and unsafe in various proportions. There are cries
about protecting someone or something. But that was never ever in
history a given. Oh, food should be free of additives like in the good
old days. Actually in the good old days it was a lor more probable to
eat rotten meat and not have the faintest idea that going vegan was an
option. Sure, for the demigods breed in the last decades the spectre of
cancer might mean dying of fear, but less than a century ago rotten food
would mean potential death tomorrow as an alternative to starvation
Phobos had a wonderful article about this recently on the Tor blog
[ but
people still expect that terrorism should come from a virtual entity far
far away and not from the local corrupt cop
Myself I'm not shure all spammers turn a profit, but they all are ready
to employ every mean available to push their merchandise. This doesn't
mean checking the identity would do any good as they can impersonate
anybody if willing. But that goes to the third issue of the modern society: mistaken an
identity with a number. That would pretty much go with Michel Foucault
and his prison society, because most people see themselves as obedient
inmates. They are the national ID number or the SSN. And not much more.
That's why there was so much fuss about the birth certificate of a
presidential candidate and less about what the man was about to do. Back
in the days when there was no registration people would build up some
fame and invoke some ancestry. Or they were practically nobody. Up to a
certain point in history everybody was an anonym and only few could
break through to become somebody. Superficially things seem to have
reversed, but it's a fake assumption. I still can't differentiate most
of the people I pass each day. They are still nobodies. But they are
proud to show a number: proof of uniqueness.
Actually blocking Tor won't help. A few sane filtering measures do. Have
people create an account. Have someone take a look at that list from
time to time. Generated or random users usually can be flagged easily.
Ask people to do some customization to the account before posting.
Quarantine the first few messages or a certain amount of time. Have a
button or link called ?report? and let the other users report messages.
Quarantine the account and ask for an explanation from the offender.
Blocking IPs makes sense only when you are Wikipedia and have a mission
to let the government agencies have their fair chance of tweaking the
facts. As I've never seen anything resembling closer the official
newspaper of Airstrip One than Wikipedia.
I don't feel Tor is designed to keep people anonymous. Tor is more of a
hack to give back some privacy. To bring things more in line with the
romantic image of the Internet. Because people want to see the Internet
as a nice place where people go to share ideas and not what it is: a
military project hack done by some unimaginative blokes who were happy
to have things working so they could go to video games arcade or just
sleep. Most of the protocols used to connect computers are horribly
designed by people who can barely understand the concept of consequence.
Probably it's not their fault as the educational system everywhere
splits the curricula into sciences and humanities. And all the
philosophy and ethics are given to the people with no tech background.

@_date: 2012-07-09 12:13:56
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New-to-TOR Quick Questions -- not in FAQ 
Used to be a problem if there was the same major version of FF. Now
there is FF and TorBrowser. And they can live happily together in the
same memory.

@_date: 2012-07-13 15:56:15
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
I remember reading about installing more extensions as a bad
thing as it might identify a Tor configuration from another. But
can't this be hidden? I know extensions can answer javascript
requests. Is it possible to have a generic option to stop them
from answering to these external requests?
Also, is there a way to tweak the regular Firefox output so that
it looks like a Tor browser without being on Tor? To a smart
tracker it would be obvious as it doesn't come from a Tor exit
relay. Can I set up the given output resolution for example?

@_date: 2012-07-13 19:34:05
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
In the sense that each extension should be combed for functions that
interact with the non?local or that no developer has a wish to inhibit
extensions from chatting with the exterior?
That's a wonderful idea!
Yes. I know the list is public. So that would give away the trick. But
for sites not smart enough would mean hiding identifying data. The
screen resolution and time zone data are the most revealing once flash
and java are disabled. As I have a quite rare screen resolution that
would be the main issue.
No. Just have a regular connection, but make the browser shut up.
I would tweak the regular Firefox, but I have no idea how to stop it
from revealing CPU and system data. Browser ID is just the tip of the

@_date: 2012-07-13 20:12:32
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
Hmm? facebook, google, msn, yahoo, are really no?nos. They are into the
business of harvesting data and they are large enough and smart enough
to beat some hacks to fix a stupid design anyway. To make things worse,
all of them offer the temptation to log in which will track one user
across browsers, sessions, proxies, and so on.
Adblock Plus, NoScript, Request Policy are the first in the line of
defence to fix the stupid design. Or smart design. It all depends on
which side of the fence are you. Google exists plainly because all the
protocols were made wiiiide open so developers won't have to bother the
employer with billing overtime. I mean what they were thinking when they
made the email plain text and ready to hop over an unspecified number of
hosts? SSL is just a silly hack to keep the stupidity of HTTP in place.
It's not a redesign. And so on, and so on.
Thank you Tor team for trying to fix these holes. As things are going no
big player would cut its own revenues to support a clean protocol,
whatever that might be. So Tor is bound to ride on top of popular
protocols. But besides PGP and Tor teams I am not aware of another team
ready to redesign the mess in place today.
I have my doubts about Ghostery. And, itself it's rather redundant.
Also, I recently found out that RequestPolicy is also redundant. Its
only reason to be is because the ABE in NoScript has yet to develop a
nice graphical interface to set up the rules. Guess Adblock can be made
redundant with some of the NoScript features.
Yes. That is true. The big players like yahoo and the gang are a mess of
requests from all sort of domains, all under the same ownership of
course. Also Google is very interesting in the way that logs a user on
quite a few servers. I wasn't aware of that till I disabled automatic
redirection. That I discovered that, when I log into Google I am logged
into the main server, than into a server for each country from which I
have ever logged in for an extended period of time. And, although they
track me over all of their servers, upon request they can also log me
into youtube, plus, and so on.
But I find it disturbing the evolution of the smaller players. And maybe
it's time to break their silly sites as it is still possible to make
them independent. I mean they pay for hosting and the bandwidth to give
everything to Facebook for the sake of one?click login. Or with the use
of googleapis they give all data to google while similar packs are
already available free of charge. For the sake of reposts they make
available so much data to some Stumble Upon service. And so on.
As for having them into TBB, I understood from reading the comments to
the official blog that more extensions means more work for the core team
to monitor. And while Https everywhere seems to be pretty straight
forward, NoScript had a number of slips. What if Giorgio decides he
doesn't get enough money and puts in some backdoors for some Google?like
corporation? It's sick to look at the development of Firefox itself.
Geolocation, malware integration with google and so on. Lately they seem
to lost their dream to develop the standard compliant IE and are doing
their best to do some Chrome clone. And they are right, much of their
money come from Google anyway and not from grumpy users like myself. So
the Tor team has to monitor two development roadmaps. Add Adblock and
RequestPolicy and you have roughly doubled the effort put into TBB.
I know those two sites. They are the reason I want to make the browser
less chatty. In a world where multimedia and games were handled by
Firefox the browser spits anything imaginable about someone: CPU, OS,
browser, browser version, browser compile parameters, screen resolution,
extensions. Thanks to Mr. Stallman the project is opensourced. But the
owners of these browsers are commercial entities and not the users. Or
else it does not make any sense to have in the open all you can see on
Browserspy without an option to disable it all and have a fixed mask for
the users who don't need to have the wonderful features of Hello $user,
the time is $time, and the date is $date.
Just in that direction I just read an article about an Android forum
hacked. They have leaked everything. The interesting part was they were
storing login and location information too. Why? I bet less than 0,1% of
the users would dump their account on that site.

@_date: 2012-07-13 20:15:53
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
Yes, an emulator with Tails. But, why should people have to do all that
and install so many packages just to fix a Hole in the browser?

@_date: 2012-07-13 20:45:52
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
That's true. Any spam filter, being a filtering proxy, an adblock?like
extension, even NoScript can leave some identifying data. Just because I
further customized AdBlock to hide more elements than the regular
subscription should somehow identify me to a certain set of sites.
Still, that is way harder to do than just probe for a fontlist,
extension list or plain screen resolution and locales.
My point is that I want to select my language and home server from a
list in the whole EU (for example) instead of having my browser give all
sort of information and make me autoredirected to a particular server
and language. Plain interaction should say a lot about the reader.
Having the browser collect data and push it to third parties is a bit
For a creative administrator. Most are happy with the data colected by
some third party counters. Only that I have no idea how to make my
browser spit up the information I want. Say Windows Vista 32bit on
Pentium III is the norm displayed on a 1024x768 screen. I don't want my
browser show Windows 7 64bit on a Pentium IV on a 1900x1200 screen.
That's my thought. After all, people reaching Tor are somehow concerned
about their privacy. So this is a good place to start. Some also
complain about the slowness of going through Tor. So why not have a
group of people who use the benefits of the Tor mask without going
through Tor? It's worse than going through Tor. And, at the same time,
it's better than browsing with a regular browser.
But they are not deleted. Mobile phone companies keep months and years
of all communication. So how difficult is to keep a list of connections
for ever? Sure, some claim they do clean after a minimum imposed by the
state. Yet, the list of liars is quite long.
That would be a worthy quest. The problem is at the time I have no idea
from where to start. I'd like to have a browser ?for the people?. Its
own unwillingness to volunteer with the user's data would make it
suspect. But I have hope that once more people see sites like browserspy
or extensions like collusion there are going to be more people willing
to switch. Sure, it would break yahoo and facebook. But you can have a
regular browser if you wish to pay the nice interface and unlimited
hosting with your demographics. And most browsers today do have a
portable version packed in a zip that does not require administrative
privileges to test and use.
I'm quite unskilled when it comes to this kind of programming /
It seems so.

@_date: 2012-07-14 00:13:50
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
Interesting. Could you expand a little bit about theese emulators? Don't
they overload the machine? Are they crossplatform?

@_date: 2012-07-14 00:22:40
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
Even without leaking IP, they have far too much power for a far too
small benefit. The ability to write or read the disk beyond the powers
of the browser. Leaking font lists. With the HTML5 ability to play
certain multimedia files they remain useful to time waste. Sure, a lot
of companies abused applets so there are enough people who need that in
order to do some work.
How does this project relate with Tails for example? How does VirtualBox
relate with other emulators?

@_date: 2012-07-14 11:01:11
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
What do you mean by fast? Can they make tails responsive on a AMD E350.
The qualities of that are low power consumption and being a true dual

@_date: 2012-07-14 11:21:12
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
It does sound wonderful. But it sure needs a powerful machine. A CPU
designed for lower power consumption and thus battery maximisation can't
scale well with two virtual boxes on top of the OS.
Isn't Ubuntu a little bit too large, at least for the Gateway?
So there wasn't a master thesis anyway ;-) I have tried VirtualBox
yesterday. Quite painful on my hardware unless it's TinyCore or Puppy

@_date: 2012-07-14 11:29:10
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
Could you make it as slim as possible? I can't say that's the fault with
this project, but with most OSS today. I think the source is the fact
that the developers all live in developed countries and have a good
reason to have powerful hardware to help them in their daily jobs. On
the other hand, the way Tor is used today means resistance in some poor
country so hardware is an issue or being on the move, thus portability
is important. And that translates into less kilos and more battery life.
I am aware that means making the life of the development team more
complicated. But for the gateway there could be some tiny distribution
that does not need much memory and power. And the desktop as well.

@_date: 2012-07-14 11:44:04
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
Yes. That's quite a powerful machine. Wine, last time I have checked was
running a lot of software well. Some might say even better than windows.
Only that the Windows world has gotten more complicated with .net and so
on. DOSbox is a wonderful piece of software. But not very helpful with
Tor. Otherwise it gives the ability today to show that useful software
could have ran in less than 4Mb of RAM. For some bells and wistles, and
some networking, an app today needs 200+Mb and couting libs and VMs one
can get to over 1Gb. With proportionately more leaks and bugs. It used
to be _hey, this library has a bug and we'll work around it_ and today
is _not my fault, you should write to the people who write the library_.
Oh! Why wasn't DOS networked and multithreaded? Yesterday I have loaded
Linux Mint Live and wanted to check out a simple text editor with
markdown abilities: retext. For a basic editor there was a looong list
of dependencies. It needed python. Than some python libs. Oh! And Qt.
And Mint is a Gnome distro. Only downloading the darn thing would have
taken ages! WordPerfect for Dos could do quite a lot more in a fraction
of the size and requirements. But that's another story.

@_date: 2012-07-14 15:20:25
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
So it's for the big boys. But it's not the developers' fault. It should
be a black eye for the protocol guys who designed only wide open
standards and white papers with no regard to privacy. Otherwise, a heavy
encrypted standard common for communication would have meant tablets
would have been powerful enough or they wouldn't sell.
Right. Signed packages and large userbase should trump the rest. Now,
all I have to do is convince Ubuntu to head towards Puppy Linux and not
MacOS XII. Just kidding.

@_date: 2012-07-22 01:17:09
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
=?utf-8?b?IFRvciAoaS5lLglUb3JCaXJkeSk=?=
Do keep in mind those are the services that should be avoided. It's crap
the thing about ?anti account hijacking?. That excuse it's pretty much
the same as for child pornography when it comes to servers or terrorism
when it comes to blocking banking accounts. Gmail has a problem with it.
Yahoo has a problem with it. Msn has a problem with it. And so on. Every
major data harvester and private data seller does that as they really
really need you to confirm they are tracking the right person. Go to
other, nicer, services. Also free. But with less mbox space. And you'll
find out that's not a problem.

@_date: 2012-07-22 01:21:21
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hiding stuff 
Do you mean Project Meshnet or Mesh networking? As Mesh.net is a redneck
and his dada doing ISP in the land of Novell. But, no, I never heard of
them. Thanks for pointing them out. It looks like CJDNS is only in alpha
stage and not to useful at the time. It needs patches. And it does not
work on all systems. A really nice idea, but Tor is functional.
I2P I heard of. But it's not so clear beyond their direct comparison to
Freedom box is just a bunch of slogans and proof that crowd funding is
possible. They are about to build a team than write a roadmap. What's
the use at this point?
yet silly IMO. It's true people find corporate Web 2.0 sites easy to
use. They were built that way and they have paid already large sums of
money for that. And that's an evolutive process as the sites of today's
social Internet are at version 10 or so. But give people the ability to
host their own servers is a geek wet dream and not a solution. What
about security? What about interconectivity? What about 24/7 server
uptime? People want to have more likes for their cat than the
neighbour's cat. People don't care about hosting. Corporations care
about hosting. What's even more complicated: those cheap, low
consumption, silent servers are hard to come by.
I also reached from that Wikipedia page project:Soxyd. They say
something about those plugin servers. This is also a server solution.
Maybe I'm not looking where I should, but I don't see the practical
details. Lightweight webserver with a nice GUI configuration. Good. That
is a very good thing. But how are they going to reach ?a decentralized
and interconnected way?? Tor? Other ways? TCP/IP than deny you knew that
was plugged into your wall?
They all point out that they are going to use Debian. That's good. GPL.
Free software as in freedom. But, as somebody pointed out here, on this
list, about VirtualBox with Tor they need mainstream software for the
sake of security patches.
As for what I found as devices, it's disappointing. SheevaPlug.
Superseded by GuruPlug. Which used to be so hot that they put a fan on
it. Now it's noisy. So up one more generation DreamPlug. Which I found
on amazon.com (for the price, not going to buy it from there) at almost
200USD. Wow! At that price you can get a screen, a keyboard, a battery
and a more powerful CPU. I might get a Windows licence in those money
Telecomix sounded interesting. Till I reached Wikipedia and that picture
of one of the first servers. A mess of cables and a dirty computer box.
Nice advertising. Do they deliver rats with the service?
Now GNUnet and Freenet do seem very nice.
Overall thank you for this message. It gave me a lot to read. And even
the projects I seem to have dismissed over this email are worth coming
back and checking on them. Any more details or other protocols based on
security and anonymity are welcome.

@_date: 2012-06-17 16:18:07
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Startpage started to block Tor 
Actually, there seem to be various issues. This was reported a couple of
days ago on the Blog
with a different message. Also check out the answers. Myself I just
checked it a few minutes ago and the result or answer was fine with
nothing remarcable.
On the other hand, if your screenshot is real, I wonder how about the
label we don't track you? Maybe it's like the Hide My Ass case, they are
all about privacy, yet they sell their users to the first to ask.

@_date: 2012-06-30 01:48:37
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can one make money running anonymity services? 
But are there anonymous payment tools in this days of control? I just
received a new batch of questions asked by my banking institution. I
must answer before a certain date or they are going to cut my access
from my money. And they can do that. The explanation is fighting
terrorism and money laundering. Half the questions on the list is just
demographics for the bank to sell to third parties, but I can't afford a
trial and loss of my account just because the government wanted more
information and the bank seized the opportunity. Can one make any
payment anonymous? Even the bakery has a security camera installed so
using cash does not guarantee anonymity.

@_date: 2012-06-30 15:43:25
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can one make money running anonymity services? 
Could you expand a little? As of Europe all I can think of prepaid cards
are for telephones, but most people I know have a contract with the
company and they're not refundable either. As for bitcoin I never
understood the way it works for anonymity. It looks like a scam.

@_date: 2012-10-03 12:25:23
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TorBirdy: what are the known problems with 0.11? 
It's not very clear to me. The Date and Message-ID would leak the
computer timezone. Are there other issues with 0.11 available on
mozilla addons?

@_date: 2012-10-03 17:49:14
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TorBirdy: what are the known problems with 0.11? 
Thank you Jacob!
Still, are there known bugs? I'm about to start using it and it would
ruin a few years of hidden identity for a mere archive backup.

@_date: 2012-10-04 01:41:53
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TorBirdy: what are the known problems with 0.11? 
Sukhbir, could you make a small tutorial on how to test TorBirdy? I'm
willing to create one or two free accounts via TBB and do the checking,
but I have no idea how.

@_date: 2012-10-05 10:30:21
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TorBirdy: what are the known problems with 0.11? 
That's for install. Not for testing.
Also, the text points the wrong download link. There is only TBB.
Vidalia Bundle is at

@_date: 2012-10-05 17:37:43
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Request: would someone create a tutorial on how to 
This is a request. Would someone be so kind as to add a tutorial, in
fact, several tutorials for how to test/see if an app is Tor ready?

@_date: 2012-10-05 21:31:57
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor SOCKS? 
I have in a folder on a 64bit Linux distro the TBB. I read the Vidalia
bundle has been discontinued. So I jumped at using this configuration.
I have read that the socks 5 proxy is on 127.0.0.1:9050. So I tried
pushing through it a jabber.org connection (XMPP) with Pidgin. Pidgin
even lists Socks 4, Socks 5 and a Tor/Privacy (Socks). Yet, the
connection fails with either option.
Am I doing something wrong? TorBrowser is up and works through Tor.
Vidalia is up and running.
Second question: why does Pidgin make a difference between Socks 5 and
Tor/Privacy? Socks 5 comes as an improvement over Socks 4 as it can
route DNS requests as well. So Socks 4 leaks DNS, Socks 5 shouldn't as
long as it is well configured. Than what's the difference?

@_date: 2012-10-05 21:57:59
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Request: would someone create a tutorial on how to 
Thank you Tom. It's very clear. But that wasn't the question. Because I
don't have a second machine. Because I travel daily and I don't intend
to depend on a second machine. Because I have quite a light laptop. And
I won't be able to run two virtual machines on it. Even one is quite a
lot of work for my computer. I know I can use Tails. And install what
else I need. But the idea was different.
The developers are trying to keep TBB as slim as possible. Every other
app or extension means extra hours for an already overworked team. And
they are right. They have the responsability to deliver up to a certain
level. In my case, the restrictions are far lighter than for a man
fighting the system. So I am willing to take some extra risk for some
extra confort. And I guess there are many out there just like me. But I
hope I'm no fool. So I want to be able to do my own testing. And,
according to the documents somebody would provide, others could evaluate
the risks as well.
Your solution, in my case, is bad. That only pushes all trafic through
Tor. Nothing more, nothing less. In my case I can survive a DNS leak.
But the apps tell a lot on somebody. Geolocation. System identification
through OS, computer name and so on and so on. With your solution I can
be identified in a public place in no time. At least Tails doesn't
expose me to that risk.

@_date: 2012-10-05 22:05:02
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Request: would someone create a tutorial on how to 
The bug tracker might or should be better for requests. I don't think
that applies to this. The bugtracker is for the hardworking people
behind the Tor Project. Thanks to them unimaginable things can be done
in this mess offered by the nearsighted (lazy?) geeks of the '70s and
'80s. Or maybe it's the society at large silly enough to grow dependent
on poisoned tools. But that's another discussion alltogether. My request
goes to the community at large. The users. The security experts that
don't have the time to work on the Project, but could shed some light
onto this issue. I'd love the Tor people to examine the offered
Thanks for the links. I'll go though them this weekend.

@_date: 2012-10-06 13:52:36
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor SOCKS? 
Roger, that's a very good answer. But it holds only half of the
solution. Matthew Finkel gave the second part: open TBB, check the
network settings and there one will find the elusive port. Could someone
with access to the FAQ put an extra paragraph on how to locate the
random port? After all, maybe the port is better left floating around
instead of the fixed version.

@_date: 2012-10-06 14:01:09
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor SOCKS? 
Thank you Matthew. The answer was right there. And it connected without
Warning: that should go for XMPP aka Jabber aka Google Talk which does
use a secure connection up to the server. Yahoo is not only wide open,
it will also send the list of contacts in the open. Same might go for
the other popular IMs like MSN or ICQ.
So Pidgin did leak data even through the Socks 5 implementation. Good to

@_date: 2012-10-06 14:21:39
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Vidalia Settings 
Vidalia -> Settings -> Advanced
TCP Connection. Normally it goes on auto. But I guess it can be set for
each instance. Now the ControlSocket would do exactly the same in an
Unix environment for an app that can use a special file?
Second: authentication. It is set for password. And the password is
randomly generated. I found the Socks 5 port, and connected to Jabber
with Pidgin through Tor. In my proxy configuration for the account in
Pidgin I left the user and password empty. And it still worked. Am I
missing something? Shouldn't the authentication be set to Nothing in
order to make it work?

@_date: 2012-10-06 20:39:05
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Vidalia Settings 
Thanks Andreas
But if it's in connection with the socket and TCP is selected, shouldn't
be everything grayed out? Is this a bug?

@_date: 2012-10-09 17:44:47
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB equivalent for Thunderbird? 
Sure, as long as there are native apps, why use an extra layer? But,
Jacob, how about a vidalia pack?

@_date: 2012-10-10 18:02:08
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Testing Documentation for TorBirdy 
Sorry for the delay in answering. I overlooked the message.
Sure. IMAP4 / POP3 / SMTP
As I recall from a long time ago these protocols were usable even with
telnet. But how do I see for myself what Thunderbird is chatting with a
server, now that's a totally different thing.
Same as above. Gladly. But somebody has to show me how and what to do.
What do you mean by ?test cases?? A text like Johnny wants to use his
laptop behind his campus' firewall? A list of servers that I want or
need accessed? Or something else?
I'd love to. But my assumptions can fall short from what is needed. So
this is why I need detalied explanations.
Also, I speculate I'm not alone. TBB and TorBirdy teams should think
about it. Is it a complete moron a liability or an asset? Piling up
reports as a result of a very basic set of tools would swamp them or
give them new insights?

@_date: 2012-10-15 10:33:29
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TB download improvement 
But how in the World are they going to know how to secure their Tor
sessions if they can't handle that much English? While in current or
former territories of the british crown they do stand a chance to face a
kafkian trial, in the non-English World they risk being dismembered.

@_date: 2012-10-21 13:32:11
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Porn make the world more free: Tor Porn Bundle? 
That's a wonderful example why people need qualifications before
starting into philosophy, just like with security, painting or roof
Porn is a disgusting shortcut. Sex is wonderful. Sex is beautiful. And
that beauty and that pleasure interfers with the total obeisance
required by the major religions in order to exist. Just like in 1984 or
We, a priest has to has control over what might bring pleasure to
oneself. In the simple world of the simple minds that means the food and
sex. For more sophisticated people it extends to a ban on certain
lectures, certain types of entertainment and so on.
Porn has always been related with rape, exploatation, slavery, human
traffic, substance abuse. It's a miserable life even in an ideal
society. Although I speculate the ideal society won't have anything
remote to porn or prostitution.
What those people need is education. But education is expensive. And
nobody wants to care about dark skinned people. I mean giving a click in
order to send a grain of rice to some diformed child is enough for the
people of the developed world. But education is what they need. You know
the saying give someone a fish and ... as fashion evolves, so the source
of the saying changes.
How about teaching them they don't need someone else to regulate their
lives? How about educating their children to be free like they wanted to
be years before them? How about making the sex or the kiss as casual as
a bow or a handshake?
So far it sounds like a populistic discourse. But what do you, dear
reader, do about it? A quick fix to relieve the symptoms could be
another step towards the amplification and generalisation of the
I want people to use Tor to set up sex meetings. Same sex, all sex,
orgies and couples, everything imaginable as long as it is consentual.
Not to glorify an inflated doll with bad prosthetics. Most of the icons
of sex I see in the newspaper stores (yes, in Europe they are in plain
view, only higher) are sick. Diformed bodies tweaked with lame Photoshop
skills. I guess tetraplegic sex is weird for most people, yet, most
models are excellent examples of plastic surgery gone wrong.
Think about it for a night and day. How about quitting your confortable,
yet pleasureless life and job and going some place to teach your skill.
Using part of your wonderful job rewards and your waste to make the life
of someone else better. F*ck the NGOs. From Bono to Unesco, they are
just greedy mfs. Their purpose is to fill up their own purses by
exploiting the image of the poor and destitute. But how about the
Internet? Internet is about giving Google your phisical location, Amazon
your shopping habbits and Facebook to rat on everybody you know? How
about those who are not willing to leave their jobs searching for those
who do. How about one paying for part of the transportation and another
one giving something useful that would be transported by the one who
leaves the confort of the developed world with the money from those who
don't want to part with their accumulated goods either.
This kind of discourse was made ridiculous by the PR companies. But
think about it. Going to work by bike, carpooling and demaniding better
or even free public transportation might mean less oil spills in other
parts of the World. Which, in turn, might mean more land for food and
more water to fish. In short: porn will just increase the power and money of the current
political and religious leaders. Freeing the d*ck and p*ssy might mean
people would see the people over the front lines are more fun than their
own kind.

@_date: 2012-09-10 11:39:38
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Leave Your Cellphone at Home 
Actually, this kind of run is taking SciFi turns.
In real life the act of comunication, simply connecting with someone
else is more important than the message. Whatever you wish to call the
adversary Alice and Bob are hiding from is more interested of the fact
that Alice needs to connect with Bob than what the hell are they talking
about. Encryption, reading between the lines, a rudimentary code that
makes My grandma feels better into We go as planned, they are all to be
established after subject interrogation. What they need is the web.
Facebook if you prefer. Because we have established that we are tracking
Alice or Bob. And we need the whole network.
The stupidity of most of the books I have read on this theme stands
around the concept of Truth. These organisations DO NOT care about
whatever sense an outsider would place with the word truth. They might
go for such truths as justifying their wages, pleasing a half mad boss,
and so on. Many are connected with the propaganda machine. And quite
often wars are waged among competing services. Think of a treasure hunt,
the silly Easter Egg hunt for children executed by grown men trained to

@_date: 2012-09-10 11:43:55
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Distribution of Linux static tor binary? 
Sounds like a potential risk, the third party intervention. See the
discussion about the other TorBrowser.

@_date: 2012-09-10 12:03:48
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Running two TBBs at a time 
This is a silly idea. But how about it? Can I tweak the pack somehow so
I get two TorBrowser windows working independent of one another? Do I
need two Vidalias too? The idea would be to have my regular web
connection and one obvious ID, than running TBB as Johnny Nobody
himself, and a third instance for Jacky Somebody. Sounds like a
solution to storm Wikipedia, but it's not.

@_date: 2012-09-10 12:16:12
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Almost anon real time chat 
Chat would always mean less than anonymous. It puts you online in a
particular time frame. And you do have to have a user.
Yet, can it be done? So far, I gather the best option would be XMPP,
TLS and OTR. That would include people having Gmail accounts too. And
in some future, who knows, maybe Facebook people too. That's as far as
I got. Than I got stuck.
The client should work across OSs. At least Windows and Linux. Maybe
MacOSX and Android. Given the above three are known and public
standards this requirement can be replaced with different clients on
each OS. But what to chose? Only a few Jabber clients have OTR. But
they all seem to have TLS support.
Pidgin is one. But I have read about it having leaks, thus the removal
from the TBB. Jake Applebaum talked about Jitsi. Truly a Skype
replacement on steroids. Only it needs Java. And I have no idea if it
leaks. Do you know any clients built with anonymity in mind? I wish to
run something that doesn't need a reboot into a safe distro like Tails
just to shield the leaks.

@_date: 2012-09-17 01:19:35
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor trafic bad? A necessary bad? Or good? 
I keep reading on the .onion forums about the trafic and the dislike
for some *other* communities.
But, on the other hand the key to that privacy is to have more trafic.
If all guys in States do their porn shopping on clearnet and all the
guys in Iran do get their porn thorugh Tor, that could lead to less
privacy. So, if I understand things right, everybody should do their
porn or banking through Tor in order to make things harder for those
Now porn gets people's attention in both developed and underdeveloped
societies retarded by the guiding light of organised religion. Making
porn also rather close to universal. Because where in Saudi Arabia a
cartoon with Muhamad can be worse than gay porn, in UK people would
click it off to reach the latest Dilbert faster.
Anyway, which is it? Is it better to get people to go through Tor? Or
people should mind their business and only use Tor in emergencies
outlined on the project page like wistleblowing and such?

@_date: 2012-09-25 09:35:13
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Running two TBBs at a time 
I forgot to answer that: have more desktops. And do not click on hide.
That way each instance is clearly separated.
BTW: if I use personas to visually differentiate between firefoxes,
would TBB tell it to some crafty sever? Is the browser skin leaked?

@_date: 2012-09-25 10:11:30
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How dangerous are DNS leak? 
How can one push all DNS requests through Tor and save the ISP the

@_date: 2012-09-25 14:02:21
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How dangerous are DNS leak? 
One way is just to interrogate some tables. That points out the ISP for
sure, but the qality of the location is variable.
Another way is to use the information provided by your own browser in a
sneaky way. Up from all the features needed, Firefox was happy to
implement geolocation. Meaning it collects data about lots of stuff
around you, like wifi hotspots, cross refference it with the beautiful
Google maps and Google streetview, which happened to record this kind of
information and poof! They can have a pretty good idea.
Another way is when apps leak location data from a GSM receiver or GPS.
Most cases I know never involve a complicated technical diagram. They
just push a form and the user knowingly discloses a lot more private
data than just location.

@_date: 2012-09-25 14:04:02
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Running two TBBs at a time 
Icons. I wrote desktops. So you have to deal with windows, not icons.
Even in TBB?

@_date: 2012-09-25 18:13:37
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Running two TBBs at a time 
I don't care about updates. It's about if a site can detect, with the
default TBB settings, the persona. Because I separate my browser windows

@_date: 2012-09-30 14:49:00
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB equivalent for Thunderbird? 
I see TorBirdy is readily available. But that might mean a system wide
instance of Thunderbird. For Windows the solution is just a clean
version of Thunderbird provided by PortableApps.com and TorBirdy, maybe
downloaded via Tor/TBB. What about Linux? I could not find the
equivalent PortableApps.Linux.

@_date: 2012-09-30 16:21:38
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB equivalent for Thunderbird? 
Wouldn't that mess the $HOME? Shouldn't omit the export? Something like:
HOME="`pwd`"; ./thunderbird/thunderbird

@_date: 2013-04-19 14:33:49
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] NSA supercomputer 
Oh! The Romantic Life of a Beancounter.
How about The Politics of Heroin in Southeast Asia? Does that get listed in the Congress debate for budget?

@_date: 2013-04-19 20:28:44
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] NSA supercomputer 
Last time I have checked Indiana Jones is a franchise ready to squeeze the last penny out of a guillable child. I'll honor them with my time once they place it under GPL v3 or at least some Creative Commons license.

@_date: 2013-04-19 21:05:56
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CloudFlare 
The only problem you guys are ignoring is the human factor. It might sound harsh, but it's plain reality: most system admins are too narrow minded to figgure out most things beyond where and how to ask for a loaf of bread. They are just complex drones in a complex system. As long as computers are still not bright enough to autoconfigure themselves, these guys are going to earn a living. So the 15 day crash course says make a rule, block an IP. And they are going to do it as it is the only thing they know.
Throw in the mix the fact that building a community is much harder than policing it. Ever wondered why nice places like England are day by day turning into Airstrip One?
And throw in the mix that this is how the tools are shaped. Because, even if you like it or not, software developers are regular people. Meaning most have an ability to grasp finer concepts way below average in order to give the global average of today. Looking at some of the things done and said by a client to a server and you can believe most of the current conspiracy theorists. Only there is no conspiracy. Only plain stupidity. Take Tails for example: once upon a time they used to default to check.torproject.org. Only that somebody decided it would be cool to have some statistics. Now it defaults to the tails homepage. Same thing went through the minds of the Ubuntu developers. Most people buy from Amazon. Amazon pays for trafic. They just joined the two statements into their interface. And, from a certain point of view, it's obvious: they are giving a fine product that has set an industry standard in just a couple of years gratis. They deserve the money. And they can use the money to give DVDs away and sponsor free software that is not cool enough to get money, but is important enough to have it stable. It's a bad idea. Greased with a lot of honey.

@_date: 2013-04-19 23:08:16
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CloudFlare 
Actually blacklists work better. Bayes filters are puzzled by whole paragraphs taken from Project Gutenberg. Actually, they can and will put gibberish and the Bayes filter won't know s*it. But blacklists work wonders.

@_date: 2013-04-20 00:22:46
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CloudFlare 
Hot water. Some two decades ago that was still a scarce commodity in most places in Romania. Even today minorities, like the Roma, are denied access based on steretypes.
Script kiddies. What you call that have a batchelor in computer science and are too lazy to work some place. So they give into make money fast schemes. The friendliest type does what they call link promotion. Plain spam. The worst kind do carding schemes with marchandise delivery to the poor old lady across the street.
Unpatched Windows is a good reason to block that computer from the network. Usually it's unpatched because it's unlincesed.
99.99999. I wonder where you get your numbers. Can you quote some source?
Normal citizen. In Romania normal equates computer illiterate?

@_date: 2013-04-22 19:04:07
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CloudFlare 
Well, Google Translate or some other service can change the text into a language you could read.

@_date: 2013-04-24 21:07:47
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor project creating a replacement for TrueCrypt? 
Check out FreeOTFE and FreeOTFE Explorer. They are packed as PortableApps.com as well and offer access to LUKS containers. The interface is quite ugly and dated compared with TrueCrypt, but they also lack that Plausible deniability. Which can be tricky in countries like the UK.
Apart from Plausible deniability I can't see a reason to replace TrueCrypt. And if the license is at issue, there is alternative code for

@_date: 2013-02-08 21:13:47
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The Straight Dope on Tor 
Another ignorant. But one that knows where to download TOR so why not give'em some trafic?

@_date: 2013-02-13 13:50:46
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Android and hidden services was: Re: Another Hidden 
How much can an Android device be trusted with such things?

@_date: 2013-02-13 15:35:49
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Email provider for privacy-minded folk 
Email was not born in an era when privacy was any concern. In a way, privacy was using the email as only few knew how to use it. That means plain text connections. That means a lot of data is tracked, including the entry point and the traject of the email. The errors disclose a lot of private data. And the whole thing is passed around in plain text. Given that, not only your provider, but any server passed along the way, can parse emails for any imaginable purpose, not just target advertising. As a rule of the thumb, when I read one service that promises a lot I just move to the next as they are liars.
Beware that the US has the nasty habit of recording and analysing any email passing through their space. So an Italian server sending mail to a Dutch server, if it ever passes through an US server than is parsed and stored for an indefinite period of time.
Privacy should be by design and not by policy anyway.
I don't know any server that would give less than 1G and will not upgrade if asked nicely or for a few USD. So you'd be safe.
Take a look at wikipedia in your own language. There is a webmail server comparison or something like that. In that table you will find the days before automatic closing of the account. If paid, usually is the last pay day, unless they have a free plan.
Some give IMAP4. Some give POP3. Sourceforge has a couple of small apps that can convert any other webmail into a POP3 source. SMTP would be the thing to look for. And the SMTP restrictions too.
I think email is the cheapest service you can get online by far. The problem for some of the tor users is associating a credit card with an account. Otherwise, the most expensive personal accounts are still below 20 USD a year. For someone in an Indian village would be a 6-month pay. For someone in the industrialised world is one, two cheap meals at most.

@_date: 2013-02-23 14:08:02
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] problems with TorBirdy 
Thanks guys. I was stuck without a solution. Luckily I don't move up to the new version for a few days, and I keep them both old and new in separate folders, just in case anything breaks or I forget to migrate a few 'to be read later' bookmarks.

@_date: 2013-02-23 14:14:41
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TorBirdy: two Thunderbirds at the same time 
Has anyone tested if there are unintended side effects from running multiple Thunderbird instances at the same time? I have a regular mail which I would move over Tor soon. I also have some accounts that HAVE to be over Tor all the time as they were carefuly created and used.
So far I have one PortableApps Thunderbird. Than 2nd Thunderbird as it keeps a clean profile and storage without a second binary install. The first one is the regular one. The second has only TorBirdy as addon. I would run them both with -no-remote, but wouldn't that leak?
Also, if I move the first instance over Tor, do I need a second Vidalia running or I can reuse the same session?

@_date: 2013-02-23 14:23:25
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Misaligned tab bar in TBB 
I don't know how to describe better than showing two examples. One is from a regular FireFox session, where the tab bar is on the top line, over the window title bar and TorBrowser where the tabs are on a second line. Any idea how to fix this in TBB?

@_date: 2013-03-02 12:17:48
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor safe blogging tool/app 
Loading the bells and wistles of the blogging platforms of today it can be quite a pain. Are you aware of some application for desktops (cross platform would be even better) that does not give away extra information?

@_date: 2013-03-28 15:50:18
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Mozilla Persona and Tor 
Myself I'm quite happy with OpenID. I have been using it for a few years and I am sad it has not expanded as I don't use FB and I have some doubts about Twitter being any better than FB.
I have heard in the past about Persona. Actually BrowserID. It sounded like a bad idea, but I can't recall why I have set this oppinion.
Today I went to a site that requires registration. This is not the New York Times, so no need of Bug Me Not. It asks for FB (out of the question), MSN (out of the question), Google (limited number of Tor accounts) or Persona. I would not sacrifice the Google account.
So how does Persona relate with Tor? Would New Identity be enough? Could it be safely used while browsing other sites without making TorBrowser sing to the other sites? Is there a restart imposed? Could it survive the way LSOs from Flash survive the restart?

@_date: 2013-05-01 12:52:48
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor's reputation problem with pedo, 
For years a French guy has been living, working and fighting the sexual tourism in Cambodgia. There are some interviews with him, some available online. And the story is quite moving. Yet the corrupt authorities have started a trial and he had to flee the country. In other news I find out that although Maroc is an islamic country, a good part of the urban poor get by with prostitution. Men, women, boys and girls. There are no rules. And the hidden camera shows the police ignoring the trade. Some militants say there is no word for pedophilia in the Arabic used in Maroc.
Where are the armchair crusaders when people are doing something to better this world? Would your old bearded man in the sky make it all go

@_date: 2013-05-02 15:06:58
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] HTML5 video and Tor anonymity. 
But why a flash sandbox instead of a flash alternative?
See the shortcomings of FireFox transformed by your work into Tor Browser. And there are a couple of flash players around that are open source, if not free software. Building a flash alternative with privacy in mind instead of a 1:1 clone would be nice. Sandboxing sounds so silly, see the two decades old chase between OS/2 and winlib.
A better question would be why port to a closed technology when it would be better for all to let it die? de Icaza might have an answer as he specialises into this kind of cloning. Myself I have given up on Flash a few months ago, after blocking it in most my browsers. I don't feel its absence. As for Youtube, download the video and VLC does a good job of handling such files I heard.

@_date: 2013-05-17 21:54:40
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [OT] rewriting a text 
Silly dillema. But I said what the heck, this might be the best place in the whole World to ask it.
I have been reading lately about the ability to fingerprint an user based on the particularities of writing. Each person has a prefference for certain words, makes certain spelling mistakes, and so on. And the more text the better for the machine to identify the writer.
Voice is also in the same sittuation. Even when having a cold, the print is there and a machine can extract it even if the ear does not perceive that. So some are using a digital voice to read a text, thus no fingerprint.
Is there a method to recompose some text? The same way as code prettyprinters. It takes your text and rephrases it to an uniform formula. One way I can think of is the use of some translation tool. Write it in some other language than the target and use the translation tool to get an impersonal version. Only the initial text is also fingerprintable and stored who knows how much on the server.

@_date: 2013-05-17 22:59:18
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor's reputation problem with pedo, 
It's amusing to see this over and over. And it's only a byproduct of how our minds and culture perceive things. It's always about good ol' times and about how the new things could sake the foundations of society to the point of breaking it. Than it becomes normal and people believe things were always like that.
Take the steam engine. It was the devil's work. Mixing fire and water! That was against the creation itself. But it turned out to be quite practical. The Internet in general isn't any different. Only that banks have discovered they can fire half the tellers by launching Internet banking. So it was good business. And their short opening hours became 24/7. Is Internet bad? No! Of course not! No pedo would have the nerve to use the Internet. Why? Because banks and governments do.
Was the steam engine used by the bad guys? Of course. Most of the early adopters were probably under the broad classification of bad guys. Because serfs weren't even allowed to travel in some countries. And noble men were not so eager to spend a lot of money on that. But generic bad guys were ready to spend a pretty penny to gain some speed and confort. Guess what! Two centuries after, bad guys still use mass transportation. Most of them.
What about the phone? It was hard to get. It was expensive. In a poor neighbourhood was cheaper to send some child running. For longer distances there was the postal service. And for a quick delivery there was the telegraph. And all of them had a good network that could reach places where there was no phone line a century later. But creative bad guys saw the potential and started using it. For that you now have the so called lawful interception. Because most bad guys were using the phone. And they were using it more than the student son calling his momma. Mobile phones? So large they needed a car to make them portable? The G1. The bad guys had those too. And they were using them to coordonate and organise. Gee! The same end of the world scenario stupid press announces for Twitter. Only those radio phones were easy to intercept. Did the bad guys drop them? Heck no! They started using code 3d printers? Well, they can make guns! Big guns! That kill innocent people. Have you noticed the dead are always innocent? Even that b**** Tatcher was an angel. Same went for bittorrent. Now they are using it to push the distribution of movies to digital cinemas, to infect your PC with paid closed source software. So today not all torrents are criminal. And ISPs don't block bt ports anymore. Wait a bit for the 3d printers. When Lego would distribute its silly toys by making you pay for the plastic too it would be a nice thing abused by some script kiddies.
Don't be such a child!
State control? How about ISP control? How about corporate control? How about abusive partners or parents? In those countries called not?free by the corporate media children walk around free. They even have to work and be treated as adults from an early age. Even when the village is next to the minefield they go working in the morning and return home at night. And that's no video game. At the same time, in the free world as the press likes to intelectually masturbate children are under house arrest. They are under total control. Want to chat with your 4th grade colleague to prepare the homework? Want to use that new and wonderful skill of writing? Now get adult supervision! Under 13 or 17 or 18 or 21? Your account can be terminated. Parents install filtering software and want access to social media accounts and passworded diaries. What could seem exagerated for 1984 is daily life for some kids in the industrialised world.
The purpose of Tor is not to break rules. Is to offer privacy. And guess what? Most private people don't break any rules.
Oppresive rules are not broken by Tor. See, Even FBI and DEA are using it.
And anarchism is not about that. Good timing with grafitti can be much more valuable.
But it's funny that you use the term public, after all that flag waving. Most people I've met use the term public or masses as a way of putting themselves above the crowds.

@_date: 2013-05-17 23:17:41
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and IRC documentation 
I was looking for documentation for some friend about how to get on the IRC via Tor. Because it's easier to send a link than write a manual. Anyway I got  and noticed someone has spammed the IRC pages with refferences to Wonix. Wonix is a particular distribution. The wiki is about Tor and I assume about the systems on which Tor runs. Meaning Windows, Apple, Linux. Use Wonix should be on the Wonix wiki.
Could someone restore the pages?

@_date: 2013-05-17 23:47:39
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and IRC documentation 
Is it ok to just edit away? I don't want to start a war.

@_date: 2013-05-18 20:40:50
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [OT] rewriting a text 
I just took the paragraph from above. I put it through google translate from English to Croatian. Copy and Paste from the right panel to the left panel and back to English. The result is the same. Insignifiant differences. See below. Or I don't know. I was expecting a more dramatic change. And it loses readability. Add to that the fact that google would store for an indefinite time all these versions.
I've heard people use eg Google translate to let him do it
translation [original lang] -> [other lang] and back ->
[original lang]. But sources - although it would be interesting to try and let
Anonymouth or any other tools the authorship of such pieces
Text (input excerpts from original texts issued by more people ->
double-google-translate one of them -> see if it was still detectable by
any of these tools.)

@_date: 2013-05-19 14:32:08
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [OT] rewriting a text 
Right. Zebro kojos misunderstood my statement or follows the logic of some third party known to him. In my original post I implied that the human makes the effort of writing in a different language than uses the rigidity/stupidity of computer translators readily available for a rather standard/cliche output. So instead of following any circuit starting and ending in English, one would rather write in German than let Google blow the English. Meanind some words are still to be changed from German to English by the author, by hand.

@_date: 2013-05-19 14:36:59
@_author: NoName 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Setting up an E-mail account using TOR 
Chill. You have one account. That should be enough. More providers that were cool with Tor are blocking it because of the small time spammers. Lavabit has stopped registration altogether.

@_date: 2013-11-01 12:17:25
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Thunderbird and TorBirdy not using SOCKS5? 
It's even 24.1.0! And it makes perfect sense. But it never crossed my mind. TBB uses FF ESR, but I'm using the latest TB.
I'm going to download TB 17 ESR, and check if thigs are Ok. Than I'll be back with a short report.
I bet you spotted the problem. But I'm going to check it out.
If TorBirdy 0.1.2 has support for Thunderbird 24, can I just leave my current configuration and just upgrade the TorBirdy plugin? As far as I can tell, all the connections of Thunderbird 24 are made through Tor, less the DNS part.

@_date: 2013-11-01 12:52:59
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Thunderbird and TorBirdy not using SOCKS5? 
Thank you Sukhbir! You nailed it the first time. Thunderbird 17.0.10 does not generate any issue. Even better, as proof that the DNS is done via Tor, the hidden service works as good as any other mail server.
Sorry for being an ignorant, but shouldn't TorBirdy list as incompatible with Thunderbird other than 17.*?

@_date: 2013-11-01 12:57:57
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Thunderbird and TorBirdy not using SOCKS5? 
It's on Windows that things happen like that. And it's strange as the Network clearly shows the good settings.

@_date: 2013-11-04 13:47:54
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TorBirdy 0.1.2 released - Our third beta release! 
Jacob Appelbaum:
It looks great!
I've just checked it. The download link still gives 0.1.1.

@_date: 2013-11-24 16:03:11
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How secure is check.torproject.org? 
Ed Fletcher:
Because most people care about the clearnet. Because tor services are
not accessible from outside in case somebody with Opera would care if he
or she is on Tor, with no Tor installed. Sure, the not found might be
obvious to you. Not to the person trying to get ?into the deep web?
without downloading some pack from torproject.org. Because it can take a
lot more time. But here I'm subjective.
I think TBB 3.0 solves this in a wonderful way. You are told without a
direct check. And if you still want to check you do have a link to
click. Myself I go for about:blank as home page. And that's even faster.
And if you want a second opinion and have any idea about how you are
getting online, any IP checker would fit the bill. Try one which works
without JS and cookies. And disable the darn things!

@_date: 2013-11-24 16:03:25
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Firefox/TBB page permissions 
I jumped so fast onto NoScript and other tools that I completely ignored
the options that are already there, somewhere. Sure, NoScript has some
wonderful extra features beyond JS blocking. It even has the
functionality of RequestPolicy and a lot more, but in a very unfriendly way.
How about Page Info > Permissions? Is there a downside besides the
regular: any customization exposes me more to fingerprinting? I mean
disable them all, cookies and scripts. Than, when I really really need
it, enable on a particular site?

@_date: 2013-10-12 20:48:02
@_author: Antispam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What are some free and private email providers? 
Things are looking bad. Lavabit is out. Fastmail is paid only. Nothing wrong with paid, only it beats the anonymity. Vmail.me has closed the gates. And it has big problems anyway: gmail bounces all my emails. Openmailbox has closed its gates. The system works well. The registration is off. Tormail is shutdown and unreachable.
Even large guys changed lately. Lycos imposes a SMS ID with only a handful of countries in its list. Gmail imposes the SMS, even if their list is far greater. Gmx and Mail refuse account creation. They say it's tech problems, but it looks like Tor allergy. And Mail.com is a mask for more services. Hushmail shows only paid plans. Cyber-rights mask gave me access, but hushmail said it's suspended and gave me a chance to pay.

@_date: 2013-10-15 01:31:39
@_author: Antispam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What are some free and private email providers? 
Wonderful! That saves me the efort to generate a random number to append to ?anon?. And a hidden service too! That is excellent news. TorBirdy support. No Javascript functional interface. It's a dream.
I'm going to try that one. Sounds promising.

@_date: 2013-10-20 17:35:42
@_author: Antispam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The NSA's problem? Too much data? 
Just checked my list of useless posters. Gmail has more than 60%. Dude, really, go register with Facebook or some other herding site. Reposting is nil.

@_date: 2013-10-20 18:58:34
@_author: Antispam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The NSA's problem? Too much data? 
Checked that list. Mostly vanity domains like $fist_name I think it's the same with car licence plates.

@_date: 2013-10-20 20:36:08
@_author: Antispam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The NSA's problem? Too much data? 
Sure. Your domain. If your name is John Johnson, you don't really need
to make sure you own johnson.com, johnjohnson.net, or worse johnson.eu.
That's only an ego trip.
Reading that on an Android forum would have meant nothing. But here, and you call that ?freedom???? Wow!

@_date: 2013-10-20 20:54:12
@_author: Antispam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The NSA's problem? Too much data? 
My own. Never published as the spammers seem hungry for addresses. Compiled by spending time around privacy or security lists. Somehow like the /ignore in IRC.
Please, do care about top posting. Check out

@_date: 2013-10-20 21:19:38
@_author: Antispam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The NSA's problem? Too much data? 
Jacob Appelbaum, Sukhbir Singh and tagnaq worked hard to give the world
TorBirdy. Yet, it's easier to keep the same cliche issues, than solve
the problems, right?
That's so cute! Can you point out some time a spy agency was brought in
front of a judge for not respecting the law. The same law written in
stone in some countries as ?nobody is above the law?. Do you know of a
time when they were found guilty and punished or ever issued an appology?

@_date: 2013-10-22 20:34:20
@_author: Antispam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Me whining and complaining Re: Shout out to Google from 
I fail to grasp why every geek feels a need to fill the Google coffers.
Almost daily I read a couple of whines about how Google is evil. I have a weird gut feeling it's the same crowd that was brownosing to Google a few years ago when they were looking for a Messia to help their sorry asses with Microsoft.
The search engine is sooo evil. Yet, DDK does not return cute enough answers. Gmail is sooo evil because not any ahole can have 10 accounts without identification. It's 7GB of storage for nothing, yet they track the poor geek's ass. People with at least 3 iThings owned caring sooo much about their privacy. Google Plus is this and that, yet Blogger is nice enough to have blogs. Youtube is a reason to have Flash installed.
In the end, it seems a few people in the whole world care about this issues. The rest is all about bitching. It used to be Microsoft which brought most of the people here online. Before Microsoft there was no Internet for the masses so the bitching was less common. Now is Google. Every freedom (haha) fighter (hahaha) has a twitter account. Than I read in the Guardian how the poor guys were tracked by the security forces all the time.
10 years from now there would be another evil entity torturing billions of people not reading what they agree by clicking there.
In a world where EFF and other organizations like it fight to give the people network neutrality and limit the different branches of state institutions, people hardly donate $5 for that, but they can pay $10 a month for a DropBox account with all its security issues, they pay $10 a month for HideMyAss to sell their ass, they dump $10 a month for HushMail to read their emails the same way as Google, only give the data a lot faster. How many of these aholes have paid the $8 for the lavabit service? I'm not sure there are many donating $10 a month to riseup.net or to the Tor Project.
And Google does not have talent. Sorry. I know there are a couple of the Google guys on this list. Probably there are a few No Such Agency guys as well. And some MI6, KGB, and other 3 letter organizations. These are whores. People that choose a good life over principles. Sure, change the system from the inside. Only that there is just one Snowden and one Manning.
Try an education. Try ?Il giardino dei Finzi-Contini?. It's a movie, you don't even need to bother reading something else than ?Developing for Android in 10 easy steps?.

@_date: 2013-10-30 01:37:35
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] A new check 
There is no other world. Weaseling around does not help. It never helped. Take the example of voluntary termination of pregnancy. It happened before the invention of christianity. It was there long before people invented a messia. Roughly two thousands years later women have decided things have to change. Sure, a middle class woman could have this procedure done to her. Or even administer it herself. And priests were more than happy to forgive everything in exchange to a promise of ?not doing it again? and a nice sum donated. Today, thanks to those women who denounced themselves, the civilized world has the procedure done in a clean environment so the woman might live and repent if she pleases. Backward countries mark themselves by this weaseling. Sure. One can get her ?fixed? and the issue at the same time. Yet most women die for the sake of some god, sometimes a god without even a statue.
I bet that in the case of a Wikipedia where most editors are aware of their situation in this imperfect world, the administrators would find way faster a solution to let people edit the pages through Tor. But people think Tor is for kiddie porn and any other sex practice they might find repulsive. So it's normal to come butt naked to edit the pages so TSA can be sure you're not hiding some Kalashnikov up your ass. By the way, that does not happen in real life today ONLY because of christianity. People are so afraid of their nakedness they would not go to the airport naked. And the bosses know that. So they'd rather spend on scanners than ask people to lube their rectum at home to make the boarding faster.
Tor should be open. Tor should be straight. It's its ONLY chance. The others are doing the weaseling.
Only in the cases most people think Tor is justified. Read the EFF news. There is an interesting article about this. As I am writing, it's the latest on their site.
People should understand what speech means. And Tor is the best. I walk around at night. One night people threw things at me. Out of a car. A woman I know was mugged in broad daylight in a metropolis. Somebody was telling me about having tags sprayed all over his newly painted house. Another one has his car parked in the wrong place. He parks as an ass with no consideration for the people that might pass that way. Someone keyed a few times one side of his car. This is the daily life.
Fast forward after Microsoft has brought Internet to the masses. Some idiot living an entire life in some basement, with home delivery even for groceries, tries to tell me about the abrahamic heaven and hell. Somehow people have bought the idea of an Internet where a world of evil people is turning good through the will power of a few geandarmes. My foot! On all my sites I don't discriminate comments. Pointless spam I remove. But I leave all abuse. That is real life. Those are the people! There is no benevolent savage inside each person. Faster people renounce this kind of stupidity, faster we are going to see people having less incertives to become sociopaths.

@_date: 2013-10-30 15:53:52
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Project Gutenberg 
Maybe you all know that, but it came as a shock to me. I'm quite sure a few months ago it used to work. Not well, some of the exits were blocked. But anyway:
Error 403
To fix this error:
     Don't use anonymizers, open proxies, VPNs, or TOR to access Project      Don't access Project Gutenberg from hosted servers.
     Don't use automated software to download lots of books. We have a limit on how fast you can go while using this site. If you surpass this limit you get blocked for 24h.
     We have a daily limit on how many books you can download. If you exceeded this limit you get blocked for 24h.
If you are sure that none of the above applies to you, and wish us to investigate the problem, we need to know your IP address. Go to this site, don't sign up, just copy the IP address (it looks like: x.x.x.x but your numbers will be different) and mail it to us. If that page also shows a proxy address, we need that one instead.

@_date: 2013-10-31 19:07:33
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Project Gutenberg 
AFAIK you don't need permission for creating a mirror. After all, the works are in the Public Domain.
Yet, accepting Tor is the only long term solution I can see[1].
Yea. The exact same error message.
[1]

@_date: 2013-10-31 21:39:09
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Project Gutenberg 
I did the work for you.
Quoting from an epub:
I don't know how new is that. But it sure is downloaded the day I
discovered the piece of advice given by the project regarding Tor.
The Terms of Use[1] says nothing incompatible with VPN, anonymizers, or
Tor. From the License I quote[2]:
There are also copyrighted books, but they are uninteresting to the
general public. They are just a way of promoting the work through PG by
putting them under a compatible licence:
The whole thing is written once more in the Permission Howto[3]:
[1] [2] [3]

@_date: 2013-10-31 21:52:52
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Thunderbird and TorBirdy not using SOCKS5? 
I downloaded TorBirdy 0.1.1. Than I installed clean Thunderbird from PortableApps.com. Made sure nothing is called or installed before TorBirdy. Than I have set up my account. A few of them actually. Than I installed some extra extensions. TorBirdy is not used for life?theatening situations.
Today I have noticed that Vidalia tells me about an application, that is Thunderbird because of the connection time, connects to IPs and that app should use SOCKS4a or SOCKS5. That explains why the accounts using a hidden service never worked.
Are the other extensions messing Thunderbird up? It's the latest upgrade. The TB extension was not tweaked. The network connection is well set to use SOCKS5.
Any fix without me starting to disable extensions?

@_date: 2014-04-03 10:10:53
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How safe is smartphones today? 
Mike Perry:
That made me wonder. What are the risks involved using a Tails PC and
getting online through a 3G clean Android smartphone with no apps
installed or Google accounts activated tethered through USB?
Or better yet: who can see what?
I read the hardware is rigged (Samsungs), you wrote about the software
being rigged (the ability to remotely install apps), and surely the
phone company can do a lot of tricks from the early days of GSM. So is
it crazy to route Tor traffic through such a gateway?

@_date: 2014-04-09 09:32:08
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB 3.5.4 says I should upgrade 
I downloaded the right archive and overwrote the existing folder
(3.5.3). Restarted and the yellow triangle is still there. On the upper
right corner it's written 3.5.4, yet the welcome page says:
Am I doing something wrong?

@_date: 2014-04-11 23:19:33
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] XMPP with public registration via Tor services 
I have been searching about XMPP and Tor. And I don't seem to reach
lists, only hints.
Do you know somebody compiling such a list? Hidden services are better,
but as long as they are tor friendly should be fine.
So far I know autistici and riseup do have .onions. And that
openmailbox.org does run a regular service.

@_date: 2014-04-14 13:45:16
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is Tor network still vulnerable to Heartbleed? 
In his announcement, arma noted it would be a good idea to stay away
from the Internet. Is it ok?

@_date: 2014-04-15 13:04:02
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Talk question (XMPP with public registration via 
damian.davis at openmailbox.org:
It is very useful. I know the site, but somehow I never went to the
status area where the Tor service list is.
Thank you.

@_date: 2014-04-16 14:36:26
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Disabling the warning for self signed certificates in 
Lately I have watched a few video speeches about security. The most
interesting was one by Poul Henning Kamp[1]. The idea is that self
signed certificates have a problem, but the cascade of curses brought up
by such a certificate in any browser is an excess.
Could Tor Browser kill or minimize the warning triggered by entering a
site with a self signed certificate?

@_date: 2014-04-22 13:42:11
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor, pidgin and different identities 
could be pidgin be made to tell about other accounts it knows? or about
other accounts used at the same time?
how can i make pidgin use different tor circuits for each account?

@_date: 2014-04-23 09:07:02
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Disabling the warning for self signed certificates 
Georg Koppen:
A self-signed certificate is better than no certificate. Given the
trouble with a CA, it might be just as good as a CA certificate.
Anyway, This Connection is Untrusted. Good. The Aholes from Firefox
never bothered to write the same warning about plain HTTP connections.
Ain't it funny? I know at least a dozen sites that do password
authentification through HTTP. Are they any better?
And I can't just browse the site after that warning. I can go to
disney.com with "Get me out of here".
Than there is that user friendly "Technical Details" which would make
any granny click and get her glasses on 'cuz it's time to check the
signatures. Maybe for you, the tech guys, that means something to be
thankful for being so easy to reach. I don't think that the Iranian
disident or the Turkish journalist would feel the same next time.
I click I understand the risks. And nothing. I acknowledged the risk.
Yet the browser won't let me proceed. So you have two extra paragraphs
of curses. If they were so interesting, why aren't they on the first page?
So finally I can add an exception. Which I have to confirm.
Why not something like the NoScript banner/warning?
Why not the same curses on ANY unencrypted page, or at least those that
present the user with a password field?
I checked that with Autistici.org. They have a wonderful AES 256bit key.
All my online banking is done over RC4 128bit at best. That is as strong
as Wikipedia! Autistici.org does generate that need for three extra
pointless clicks. Any of my banking sites generates nothing. Any of the
sites and forums that do authenticate through HTTP generate nothing.
Sure it sounds like a conspiracy. But why feed the dangerous game of the
CAs? Why do the free software has to fill the pockets of these
companies? Why kick the sites that do care about their users in the
teeth unless they pay for the CA ransom?

@_date: 2014-04-23 17:52:11
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Disabling the warning for self signed certificates 
Andrew Lewman:
My thinking was if that does not work with the Tor team which is quite
security oriented, there's no hope with the Firefox. After all
geolocation and other tie ins with google are a priority for them.

@_date: 2014-07-03 19:52:05
@_author: Spam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Funny, but not amusing browsing 
I admit I have installed more extensions to TBB. Only FSF approved
licenses, mind you ;-) I have no flash, no java, only the add-ons.
When I browse Wikipedia some of the images are messed up. Meaning there
is another image, most of the time a detail from a larger picture in
place. You can see the not so sharp image and check with the captions -
that is certainly the wrong image.
Wikipedia, thanks to HTTPS Everywhere is always on HTTPS.
I got worried yesterday when instead of the Wikipedia logo on the
top-left corner there was the picture of a nazi (army) guy with a
swastika and all. I haven't noticed any other site to have this problem.
And I have no issues using other protocols routed through Tor.
I double checked with a clean install of TBB. The page is clean.
I triple checked with my regular connection: IceWeasel plus HTTPS
Everywhere. The page looks fine.
Back to a new instance of the initial TBB: the third opened page on
Wikipedia has messed images.
Anybody has met anything like that?
Anybody can explain this behavior?
Maybe removing the installation folder would solve the issue. Maybe
removing some of the add-ons too. But I would miss the opportunity if
that is a serious issue.
Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, Lovely Spam, Wonderful Spam

@_date: 2014-07-03 20:46:27
@_author: Spam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Funny, but not amusing browsing 
Michael O Holstein:
In this instance of TBB, yes. But I haven't tried on a second computer.
How can I dump them to make a comparison between a new TBB instance,
freshly unziped and mine?

@_date: 2014-07-03 21:34:39
@_author: Spam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Funny, but not amusing browsing 
Seth David Schoen:
The source does not point to other places but wikimedia.
There you can see that in the Info page the thumbnail is the right one.
On the screen is a bogus thumbnail.

@_date: 2014-07-03 21:42:06
@_author: Spam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Funny, but not amusing browsing 
The addon list is:
* Adblock Plus 2.6.3
* Adblock Plus Pop-up Addon 0.9.2
* DownThemAll! 2.0.17
* DownThemAll! AntiContainer 1.3
* Flash and Video Download 1.58
* GrabMyBooks 1.8
* HTTPS-Everywhere 3.5.3
* Internote 3.0.2
* Mozilla Archive Format 3.0.2
* NoScript 2.6.8.31
* Self-Destructing Cookies 0.4.4
* Torbutton 1.6.10.0
* TorLauncher 0.2.5.5
* Tranquility 1.1.4
Also the firewall makes all ports on the LAN IP closed. And the
localhost has the 53/DNS and Tor 9150 and 9151 open and that's it.

@_date: 2014-06-26 13:36:11
@_author: Spam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Illegal Activity As A Metric of Tor Security and 
Haleluja brothers and sisters!
Brother McCarron has step up to say something to us!
I say preach it brother!
Mark McCarron:
Can you say the number, oh brother?
Would like you're not sure of the healing power of the Holy Spirit?
And what is normal brother?
Are you aware that the World of the Lord is bigger than your tent
brother McCarron? Laws of man do change from place to place.
Amen brother! The usage of ?tend? as a definite number.
Could you point out where in the Scriptures have you found that?
How would you define serious?
Show us the numbers little brother.
By whom?
Which board?
This what? So far your sermon is only fluff.
The second time ?tend? as a definite number. Would you share this ?tend?
number with the rest of the list, or a brother can know that only after
seeing the light in your magic tent?
Three big words. All spelling nothing. And each blurring the message
even further.
Exposure to what?
Where? And how?
Who are those users? Are they a uniform mass of one easy to profile?
Have they felt it before?
Safe from what?
Oh brother, can you tell us all about the joke categories too?
I thought it was about consent. But you know your files better brother
McCarron. I do hope that is not your real name.
How can you tell ?no? for sure?
Let's pray with the brother McCarron. May the Lord give the magic
potteresque formula to Mr. Applebaum, Mr. Dingledine and the others
working for the Tor project.
Open as opposed to closed down sites?
How many has the Spirit told you?
Out of how many so we worthless ones can calculate a percentage.
Praise the Lord! The sites that do not require registration are far from
Oh brother McCarron! Wise words you've spoken to us today. What can we
do to help this poor crippled sites? Buy wheelchairs for the racks? Buy
racks for the servers?
Behold Sodom and Gommorah!
This what?
But you are not sure? Maybe Satan, the deceiver, has hidden your study
So nobody can use it to defeat targeted advertising? Now I have seen the
Oh, mighty is the Lord brother! People in Africa with no drinkable water
can't safely use the Internet. People in Asia working 12 to 16 hours a
day can't safely play with their iThings. Long gone are the days of the
dictatures of South America when people would tweet from their cells in
between torture sessions.
Tears flow from my tired eyes because now I know that the smart,
intelligent, witty, scientific Mark McCarron has shown the World things
are not going to be like in the Paradise lost 5.000 years or so.
By God, you are right! We need to gather together and train to lead Tor
to its final resting place with a grand fanfare and screams and tearing
of clothing items.
And the Lord knows how brother Mark McCarron has lost sleep in the last
40 years, even as an ovule, over the safety of the Net. Behold the
responsible. Mark McCarron has sent patches and solutions all along.
Let's stone these ignorants that think they know how to hack a fire fox!
Them witches of Lunar and Runa have played down the importance of that
work and now RISE UP AND SEE where they have lead us!
If nobody volunteers I will.
This email is an excellent argument of why people should scan their ID
card before getting online. So everybody would know who the important
people are. So people could filter them. Unlike today where you can get
10 email addresses a minute.
Let's pray so that Mark McCarron is acknowledged the best Messiah of
this hour. Tor is dead. He tried to make it better. No more. Now it's up
to the rest of us to pick up the pieces and avoid another Heartbleed.
Spam 006

@_date: 2014-06-30 08:57:54
@_author: Spam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] torbirdy default settings 
farinet at arcor.de:
So, you read the documentation and you find out that the repositories
have outdated software that can make the whole thing useless. The port
was changed in the mean time. Anyway, that is one more reason to read
the docs at the torproject.org site. And get the latest packages.

@_date: 2014-06-30 10:23:56
@_author: Spam 06 
@_subject: [tor-talk] torbirdy default settings 
farinet at arcor.de:
Are you sure you want that? Unsecured is worse than not at all in this
particular case. Unless you care for a poor man's proxy.
9150 for the TBB. 9050 for the stand alone and older versions.

@_date: 2014-05-02 08:46:15
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How do I separate/isolate Tor streams in TorBirdy 
Is it possible to have Thunderbird choose a different path for each account?
