
@_date: 2013-09-11 21:30:35
@_author: Antonio J. Delgado 
@_subject: [tor-talk] My reason to stop using Tor 
I just receive a letter from my ISP abuse department. Someone tried to do some SQL injection attack using my tor node and my IP address is now banned from a lot of services and websites (not Google or Facebook, more important sites for me like the EU site and universities). Yes, it's not fare, I can cry to my ISP saying that the agreement is not fare. But I will lose. And of course there is no other option for me, than disconnect tor.
I wanted to post this message somewhere, where persons that use tor to hack into other system can read it, hope this is a good place. You're killing tor, dude!
I began working with computer for knowledge, and hacking is one great way to know more. But hacking is not what people do when they hide using tor. This is cracking, this is not knowledge, this is not activism.
So, maybe I'm just one, but probably I'm just the one who took sometime to post about this before closing you a door.
Antonio J. Delgado
"Desapruebo lo que usted dice, pero defender hasta la muerte que pueda
decirlo." (Evelyn Beatrice Hall citando a Fran??ois Marie Arouet alias

@_date: 2013-09-12 22:42:56
@_author: Antonio J. Delgado 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [Fwd:  My reason to stop using Tor] 
Computer with Ubuntu 12.04 and tor 0.2.3.25-1~quantal+1 as exit node.
NATed and port redirected by a dd-wrt router connected to a fibre connection at home (just RJ-45 in the wall).
So not compromised at all, I was just used to try to contact a website (don't know which one, not revealed by my ISP), but the way was contacted that site was in a way looking for a vulnerability so the site owner contacted my provider to inform of an abuse. The attacker tried to inject some SQL query using the tor network to hide him self (and leaving my ass uncover).
Some people said, don't use your connection at home and use a server. I'm running a server too for services I want to have... but I don't want to lose that service for a demand! And paying a host just for tor... it's more than what I can afford (and why should I pay for a host so a guy can play hacking games?).
And, do I want to support this kind of people?
I fully support freedom, and privacy. But my freedom ends where other people's freedom start, and using freedom in a way other people get hurts or are abused is something I don't want to support. And I don't want to be the cover of someone else. So I think this project needs some changes to avoid abuse, don't know what yet, but otherwise I'm afraid it will die.
On 2013-09-11 23:01, BM-2D9WhbG2VeKsLCsGBTPLGwDLQyPizSqS85 at bitmessage.ch Antonio J. Delgado
"Desapruebo lo que usted dice, pero defender hasta la muerte que pueda
decirlo." (Evelyn Beatrice Hall citando a Fran??ois Marie Arouet alias
