
@_date: 2010-04-17 23:41:38
@_author: Arian Sanusi 
@_subject: howto edit tor-project wiki? / Add bad ISP 
Hash: SHA1
I'd (well, i rather would not, but, hey...) add a bad ISP to the list on
wiki.torproject.org. But I could not find any edit buttons, and I "may
not use newaccount"... Am I missing something?
If someone else wants to add the ISP:
Bad experience:
The german provider netcup.de suspended my vserver running a tor exit
node, analyzed stuff, and charged 192? for _one_ dmca-notice.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-01-24 01:22:29
@_author: Arian Sanusi 
@_subject: tor exit-node abused, takedown by ISP, 
Hi guys,
I ran a tor exit node for a couple of days on a vserver, they received a
dmca-takedown mail. and now the ISP is really pushing hard on me.  They
asked me to answer to this dcma in 24hrs which already ran out as I
rcved that mail. Otherwise they'd place a judical complaint (which I
doubt they already did, since that was saturday 19:40 local time...)
however I guess I have to reply to the sender of the DMCA to calm my
ISP. I will post further details on this the next minuits. If anyone of
you have any Advice on what to do, pls answer as fast as possible. By
the way, I live in germany, as is my ISP.
I think I will write a reply to the original sender and send it in an hour.
yours, Arian

@_date: 2010-01-24 01:48:27
@_author: Arian Sanusi 
@_subject: tor exit-node abused, takedown by ISP, 
I ran a tor exit node for a couple of days on a vserver. short version
of the story: The ISP got a DMCA-like takedown because of a torrent,
they took down the box and send me a bill over 192? (see attachment) for
"work that occured because of distribution of copyright-protected
material from the customer's vserver. Abuse mail and public available
data on the server were checked" [1].
As far as I understand the law and AGB ("general terms and conditions"),
I broke the latter but not the former. I am not totally sure wether the
AGB are fully applicable... anyway I think if they are, I have to pay
this bill. I think you should append netcup.de to the list of
anti-supporting Providers.
I will discuss the matter with some people, though I think none of them
has much knowledge on this area. If you have any advice, you are always
welcome. I will repost this on or-talk too.
[2] is the mail they sent me, in brackets translation of the german parts
Pauschale f?r bislang angefallene Arbeiten aufgrund des    Verteilens von Copyright gesch?tztem Material ?ber vServer
des Kunden. Abuse-Mail wurde ausgewertet und die ?ffentlichen
bereitgestellten Daten des vServers gepr?ft. (see attachment)
Guten Tag Herr Sanusi,
aktuell ist eine Anzeige bei uns eingegangen, die besagt das ?ber Ihren
Copyright gesch?tzte Daten ?ber einen sog. TOR-Proxy vertrieben werden.
Nach einer
Pr?fung der auf Ihrem vServer ?ffentlich zug?nglichen Dateien k?nnen wir
best?tigen. Als Betreiber Ihres vServers haben Sie sich damit strafbar
gemacht und
gegen unsere AGB versto?en.
Zur Beweissicherung wurde daher Ihr vServer eingefroren.
[ we just received a complaint (nb: I guess they mean the dcma-advice,
no judical complaint) that states that there is copyrighted material
distributed via a so-called TOR-proxy. After having checked the
publically available data on your vserver, we [can] confirm this. You as
operator of this vserver have made yourself chargeable and violated our
AGB ( general terms and conditions ) ]
Infringing Work: 90210
First Found: 21 Jan 2010 17:52:29 EST (GMT -0500)
Last Found: 21 Jan 2010 17:52:29 EST (GMT -0500)
IP Address: 188.40.178.66
IP Port: 37278
Protocol: BitTorrent
Torrent InfoHash: D1A9A5301B873BB56944F9EA23B23A9C330687ED
Containing file(s):
90210.S02E12.Winter.Wonderland.HDTV.XviD-FQM.avi.torrent (367,143,776 bytes)
Bislang ist uns durch Ihr Handeln ein Schaden in H?he von 192 Euro
(inkl. MwSt.)
entstanden, den wir Ihnen in Rechnung stellen m?ssen. F?r jede weitere
angefangenen 15 Minuten die wir uns mit dem Thema besch?ftigen m?ssen,
entsprechend unserer Preisliste 20 Euro (inkl. MwSt.) an. Sollte unser
Rechtsanwalt aktiv werden m?ssen, fallen f?r Sie die Kosten entsprechend der
geltenden Geb?hrenverordnung f?r Rechtsanw?lte an. Um auf Ihrer Seite
die Kosten
m?glichst gering zu halten, sorgen Sie bitte daf?r das wir so wenig wie
mit diesem unangenehmen Thema konfrontiert werden.
Folgend finden Sie den Text der Abuse-Mail. Bitte lesen Sie diesen genau
durch und
geben Sie dem Verfasser die gew?nschte R?ckmeldung. Leiten Sie eine
Kopie an uns
Sollte keine R?ckmeldung innerhalb von 24 Stunden erfolgen, sehen wir uns
gezwungen zu unserer eigenen Absicherung Anzeige gegen Sie zu stellen.
[ As of now, we incurred damage amounting to 192? (incl. GST) that we
have to account you for. For every beginning 15 Minutes that we have to
deal with this issue, incur costs of 20 ? as of our list of prices. If
we have to use our lawyer you will be held for all costs as of lawyers
list of prices. To keep costs on your side as low as possible, please
make sure that we get as little as possible confronted with the topic.
Following is the text of the abuse-mail. please read carefully and
provide the sender the desired reply. pls forward us a copy.
Should you not respond in 24 hrs, we feel impelled to place a judical
complaint on you. ]
Folgend der Text der Abuse-Mail:
Friday, January 22, 2010
RE: Unauthorized Distribution of the Copyrighted Television Series Entitled
Dear Abuse Department:
We are writing this letter on behalf of the relevant subsidiaries of CBS
We have received information that an individual has utilized the
IP address at the noted date and time to offer downloads of copyrighted
programs through a "peer-to-peer" service, including such title(s) as:
The distribution of unauthorized copies of copyrighted television programs
constitutes copyright infringement under the Copyright Act, Title 17
United States
Code Section 106(3).  This conduct may also violate the laws of other
international law, and/or treaty obligations.
Since you own this IP address (188.40.178.66), we request that you
immediately do
the following:
1) Remove or disable access to the individual who has engaged in the conduct
described above; and
2) Take appropriate action against the account holder under your Abuse
Policy/Terms of Service Agreement.
We also would request that you inform the individual who engaged in this
that legitimate copies of CBS content are widely available for viewing
online, for
example on  and many other sites that participate in the CBS
On behalf of CBS, owner of the exclusive rights in the copyrighted
material at
issue in this notice, we hereby state that we have a good faith belief
that use of
the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by CBS, its
agents, or the law.
Also, we hereby state, under penalty of perjury, that the information in
notification is accurate and that we are authorized to act on behalf of
the owner
of the exclusive rights being infringed as set forth in this notification.
Please direct any end user queries to the following:
CopyrightQs at mediasentry.com
Please include the Case ID 1055699887, also noted above, in the subject
line of
all future correspondence regarding this matter.
We appreciate your assistance and thank you for your cooperation in this
Your prompt response is requested.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-01-24 02:07:31
@_author: Arian Sanusi 
@_subject: tor exit-node abused, takedown by ISP, 
Hi guys,
draft of an email I intend to write to the DMCA-takedown sender (if you
do not advise me of any better possibility the next 30 mins or so).
yours, Arian
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-01-24 03:05:22
@_author: Arian Sanusi 
@_subject: tor exit-node abused, takedown by ISP, 
Another Hi,
somewhat more corrected version (thank you very much, Hannah!)
nope, that was just one way of introducing TOR that came to my mind ;)
I think so, too. The paragraphs of the AGB that apply are: (nothing much
interesting to read, applying statement:
The customer obligates himself to adhere to applying laws and to omit
actions that interfere with the operation of netcup's servers.
Particularly the following actions are prohibited:
- ...
- hosting and making available of Data and Material with pornographic,
commercial erotic character and of copyrighted Material the user is not
allowed to distribute (p. ex. Warez-pages, illegal MP3-Downloads
- ...
The customer is liable for every direct and indirect damages (even
missed gains), that occur to netcup from violation of the contractual
dutys that result from No 5 of this AGB.
I think I have to check this sentence with a lawyer.
Yours, Arian
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-01-24 03:06:20
@_author: Arian Sanusi 
@_subject: tor exit-node abused, takedown by ISP, 
Andrew Lewman schrieb:
thank you. The Problem is not so much the dmca notice itself, but that
my ISP asks me to deal with the original sender, otherwise they will
place a judical complaint on me, plus they charge me quite a lot of
money (around 300$ so far). So I have to convince them that I dealt with
the subject but in the same time not getting deeper into trouble because
some of my statements may contain acknowledgements of me beeing guilty
in judicial sense.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-01-24 12:30:04
@_author: Arian Sanusi 
@_subject: AW: tor exit-node abused, takedown by ISP, 
Olaf Selke schrieb:
I don't know why one should, but I got that damn bill over 192?, thats
what I mainly care about. I mean, if that was like 20? I could live with
that even if that was cheeky anyway.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2013-08-04 15:39:40
@_author: Arian Sanusi 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can the Hidden Service ever be FAST? 
Hi Jerzy,
both the client and the hidden service establish a three hop circuit to the same tor relay, where the connections are joint, so hidden services will have even double the delay of normal tor traffic. If relays were homogeneous distributed among the globe, two random relays will be 1/4 earth circumference apart on average. This means that a round trip will have a speed of light delay of 12 hops * 10 000km each / 300 000 km/s speed of light. That's 400ms from finite speed of light. Switches, routers and relays along the way will add to that.
So no, hidden services will never be responsive. Bandwidth is something else, there are no in-principle boundaries.

@_date: 2013-08-06 10:42:05
@_author: Arian Sanusi 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can the Hidden Service ever be FAST? 
I know, the "if" is there for a reason ;) Also even homogenous distribution on a halve sphere  makes delays position-dependent, and I really do not want to calculate that.
"very few cables" - I really like this choice of words.
Also increasing delay: cables between nodes tend not to be great circle sections and therefore longer than my estimate.
regards, Arian

@_date: 2013-07-30 12:16:18
@_author: Arian Sanusi 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Vidalia: Default relay policy => exit node 
Hi All,
TL;DR: it too easy to run an exit node. Make it impossible to accidently operate one
If this discussion happened before: Sorry, did not find it.
I know that exit nodes are more ore less relay nodes that also allow traffic out of the tor network. On a technical level. But the "real-world"-implications are much more severe. Exit node operators should really know of the possible implications of their doing. But at the moment, in Vidalia one only needs to change "Run as client only" to "Relay traffic for the tor network". In torrc I think you only need to uncomment the ORPort setting and forget to uncomment the "reject *:*".
I cannot think of a talk or documentation I came across that does not distinguish between exit node and relay node. The implications are totally different. Why does the configuration break with this?
I suggest to make it impossible to run a exit node accidently. Something along "sha1sum the configuration file and add 'ExitNode `sha1sum torrc`'". IFF the sha1sums match allow something else than "reject *:*". tor must exclude the ExitNode line to allow matching, obviously.
Background: I recently organized a cryptoparty. One of the participants who used Tor the first time decided to run a tor relay. I noticed that he'd run an exit node by sheer chance. Shit like this is why we can't have nice things.
regards Arian

@_date: 2013-07-30 15:30:17
@_author: Arian Sanusi 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Vidalia: Default relay policy => exit node 
Hi All,
Moritz pointed out (off list) from vidalia 0.2.15 on vidalia differences between non-exit relay and exit node. from my point of view, that is enough barrier. It's only the documentation that is outdated:
Appologizes from me: I somehow missed the exit node option in vidalia when I tried yesterday...
Regards, Arian
