
@_date: 2013-04-20 02:00:26
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and WikiLeaks 
Thanks for sharing.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:tor-talk-bounces at lists.torproject.org] On Behalf Of grarpamp
Sent: Friday, April 19, 2013 9:13 PM
Transcript of secret meeting between Julian Assange and Google CEO Eric
Friday April 19, 2013
On the 23 of June, 2011 a secret five hour meeting took place between
WikiLeaks publisher Julian Assange, who was under house arrest in
rural UK at the time and Google CEO Eric Schmidt.
Also in attendance was Jared Cohen, a former Secretary of State
advisor to Hillary Clinton, Scott Malcomson, Director of Speechwriting
for Ambassador Susan Rice at the US State Department and current
Communications Director of the International Crisis Group, and Lisa
Shields, Vice President of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Schmidt and Cohen requested the meeting, they said, to discuss ideas
for "The New Digital World", their forthcoming book to be published on
April 23, 2013.
We provide here a verbatim transcript of the majority of the meeting;
a close reading, particularly of the latter half, is revealing.
[beginning of tape]
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-04-20 02:34:15
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] confirming obfsproxy published/unpublished data for my 
The onionoo link confirms my bridge is known to exist..was beginning to
worry :)  (I know, patience)
However, shouldn't there be a flag indicating obfs2 and obfs3 ports or
something?  Ports are open and I can telnet to their garbled text from
Also, how important is it for a bridge to maintain the same IP address over
the long term?
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:tor-talk-bounces at lists.torproject.org] On Behalf Of Karsten Loesing
Sent: Saturday, April 20, 2013 2:19 AM
Hi Sebastian,
Atlas does not yet support looking for bridges.  See You're right, it's lying about being able to discover bridges.
See Onionoo's protocol specification for details to query bridge data.
Onionoo supports everything that's necessary for Atlas to show bridge
information.  It's just not in a human-friendly format.
Well, the back-end can handle bridge nicknames.  It's just that Atlas
can't make use of returned bridge information yet.
Having bridge support in Atlas would be awesome!  Want to submit a patch?
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-04-21 08:35:06
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Abusing resource:// uri in Firefox Browser 
I tested the example exploit URL in the Firefox ticket using both Firefox
Aurora 22.0a2 (2013-4-12) and Tor Browser Firefox ESR 17.0.4
(tor-pluggable-transports-browser-2.4.11-alpha-2_en-US Windows package).
Using Firefox Aurora, the exploit failed and was not able to access
resource:// URLs at all.
Using the Tor Browser mentioned, it succeeded to the extent that it was able
to determine my Browser was Firefox.  I had to enable scripts for that site
in order for it to gain any more information, at which time it could
identify all the other info it tried to including the fact that I was using
Tor Browser.
The most of the resource URIs used by the example exploit page/script (and
many more) were valid LOCALLY in Aurora, but the remote exploit failed to
access them.
In Tor Browser, the exploit succeeded to varying degrees depending on
whether NoScript blocked the script or not.
Is this an issue of using too old of a Firefox version for Tor Browser?
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:tor-talk-bounces at lists.torproject.org] On Behalf Of Griffin Boyce
Sent: Thursday, April 18, 2013 7:51 PM
  It's in the ticket system as  and I was able to duplicate this bug.
 Somehow preventing outside resource_uri access or pretending to be a
non-firefox browser would obviate this quirk.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-04-21 08:53:35
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] download speed 
The answer, from my observations, is that Tor Browser's download function
operates via the Tor network,
The downloads may go faster than browsing because browsing is more greatly
effected by roudnd-trip trnasit time than downloading is.  Web pages also
often involve many components that must be downloaded seperately.
The warning before downloading -- is confusing -- but was probably placed
there in case the user either chooses the "open" action or has configured a
default application to automatically open when certain types of files are
downloaded.  In the last two cases, the user is exposed to the risks
described in (d).
The short answer, I think, though, is Tor Browser downloads occur over the
Tor network.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:tor-talk-bounces at lists.torproject.org] On Behalf Of Juan Garofalo
Sent: Sunday, April 21, 2013 1:46 AM
        I don't think point d there has anything to do with the issue Jic J
was getting at. (none of the points in that page actually have, as far as I
can tell)
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-06-01 04:33:08
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Issues with 
Dear tor-talk and tor-relays experts:
The solution to my problems is probably obvious: "well, downgrade" (or
perhaps, if skilled or daring, try compiling the latest code), however:
I'd like to report that the current obfsproxy bridge bundle for Windows
seems to be essentially unusable on my system.  Windows 7 Ultimate x64,
first gen i3/2 core/4 thread mobile system.
I think this is the first Windows obfsproxy bridge bundle released.
Previously I used the 0.2.4.11 pyobfsproxy browser bundle and simply
reconfigured it as a bridge, which seemed to work fine and be very stable.
My initial difficulties were all my own: configuration file changes between
the two versions and filename changes (pyobfsproxy -> obfsproxy).  Solved
them, to my knowledge.
1) Then, Tor always crashed on startup, which may have been a timing issue
as this was mostly/only observed with Vidalia configured to startup with the
system/login.  This "fixed itself" (more evidence it may have been a timing
issue with differing startup/login timing).  However, I think this is a bug,
as startup with the system should just work (I had no problems with
2) Then, although Tor didn't crash on startup anymore, there were numerous
error messages (unfortunately, I don't recall them) in the Tor log when
starting with the system, and I think it was not fully working anyway.
3) Maybe a showstopper: in between 20 minutes and and an hour, Vidalia
either lost communication with Tor, or Tor was failing in some way.  Vidalia
did not know it had lost communication, but there were no more log messages,
and all the other information tabs either reported nothing, or in the case
of the network map -- mapped nothing but showed some connections.  Nothing
happened if I tried to terminate connections from the interface.  Clicking
the "Stop Tor" button and then "Start Tor" resolved the issue -- for 20-60
minutes.  My solution: stop using Vidalia, and just run Tor directly.  I
made a hardlink to the torrc file in Vidalia's appdata folder, from Tor's so
they could both find it (there is probably a command-line switch or two I
could have used :) -- I didn't check!)
4) Now, things were better.  Next problem: periodically, usually after some
hours of running fine, the Tor log began showing errors re. the
cached-microdescs file.  First, a permission/file access error, and then
hundreds of other errors related to building the micro descriptor cache
would be generated every some minutes.  Actually---I also observed this
problem the first time, even running under Vidalia, that Tor ran without
crashing on startup.  My solution attempt: delete the file.  It was locked.
When I closed Tor --- the lock was released [Tor was tied to the file lock]
and I could delete the file.  I restarted Tor and it worked fine for some
hours before repeating this behavior.  Once this happens, my node goes down.
I think it has to do more bootstrapping work on restart when this file is
lost, if I understand correctly.
5) Sometimes, problem  never occurs:  Tor simply stops generating log
messages and I dissappear from the consensus (onionoo status=down).  This
also takes some hours.  This is the state at this moment as I write this
message, and looking at the log, there is nothing unusual reported
(level=notice/warning) (if beneficial, I can learn how to have Tor generate
a full debug log when run directly without Vidalia).  Tor is still
functioning as  a client -- without log messages to the terminal, at least
for a longstanding existing connection.
6-sort of) I'll note in passing---in the off-chance it might be an issue on
the Tor end, and in the other off-chance that an issue on "my end" is adding
to Tor's instability.  I suppose in both cases it might be called a Tor bug
if in deed relevant at all, as I would expect Tor to handle it gracefully:
I have my OR address specified using a DNS name (a dynamic DNS name).  I run
a dynamic DNS updater that either polls for changes every 5 minutes, or else
Tor does a lookup every 5 minutes, because Tor is reporting IP address
changes sometimes as frequently as every 5 minutes, between my real IP
(which has not changed) and an IP on an entirely different network owned by
an unaffiliated ISP!.  This gererates frequent ORPort reachablity tests,
which are always done, for some reason, on the correct IP address.  The
incorrect address has a long tracert to another state before it dwindles off
to no-reporting private network routers, and a reverse nslookup indicates it
is on a cellular address block. --- I will have to study this issue on my
own, most likely (bug in updater, my dynamic dns service, etc.  - it may be
the last known address on one of the configured interfaces on my coputer -
which is down -- for when I use my phone's connection on occasion.)  I can
simply try returning to my old batch file that worked great as a dynamic ip
updater, and can the fancy but possibly buggy executable in the system tray.
7) Minor issue: ORPort reachability tests do not always succeed in the 20
minutes alotted (but I can perform a telnet test from a foreign server to
the port and get a connection).  The tests are repeated and eventually
succeed.  On the other hand, sometimes the test succeeds within seconds.  I
have trouble understanding why they would fail  (or why they would take more
than 30 seconds)  unless it is an issue where other nodes refuse to
cooperate in reachability testing or make it a low priority.  This is
probably not a version-specific issue, but might be a design issue.
8) This issue comes chronologically early in the sequence of problems I
experienced:  Some controls in the Vidalia 0.2.4.12-0.3.3 Settings dialog
that I tried didn't save the values, So I relied on manually editing the
config files.
There are many great minds here, so if anyone has any pointers or links o a
page with the info I need, that would be great.
Otherwise, consider this a bug report and let me kow if I can aid in
debugging.  I want to support the Tor network in such ways as I can.

@_date: 2013-06-01 05:03:18
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Issues with 
Sent: Saturday, June 01, 2013 4:33 AM
[A. R.] .
messages and I dissappear from the consensus (onionoo status=down).  This
also takes some hours.  This is the state at this moment as I write this
message, and looking at the log, there is nothing unusual reported
(level=notice/warning) (if beneficial, I can learn how to have Tor generate
a full debug log when run directly without Vidalia).  Tor is still
functioning as  a client -- without log messages to the terminal, at least
for a longstanding existing connection.
[A. R.] Interesting development just now:  I went to the Tor console window
that has shown no activity for many hours (andonionoo shows me down).  I was
about to close it and restsart Tor, but on a whim hit the ESC keep instead.
Tor immediatiately came back to life, ebginning with the following message
"[warn] Your system clock just jumped 64376 seconds forward; assuming
established circuits no longer work." and restested it's OR port (which
succeeded quickly).  I guess it's working again.. will leave it for
now..strange trange strange.   I guess I can run it from a batch file that
pipes a huge file with ESC's into it.. might keep it alive..
Thanks again if any insights;

@_date: 2013-06-01 06:43:09
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Issues with 
Sent: Saturday, June 01, 2013 4:33 AM
[A. R.] .
4) Now, things were better.  Next problem: periodically, usually after some
hours of running fine, the Tor log began showing errors re. the
cached-microdescs file.  First, a permission/file access error, and then
hundreds of other errors related to building the micro descriptor cache
would be generated every some minutes.  Actually---I also observed this
problem the first time, even running under Vidalia, that Tor ran without
crashing on startup.  My solution attempt: delete the file.  It was locked.
When I closed Tor --- the lock was released [Tor was tied to the file lock]
and I could delete the file.  I restarted Tor and it worked fine for some
hours before repeating this behavior.  Once this happens, my node goes down.
I think it has to do more bootstrapping work on restart when this file is
lost, if I understand correctly.
[A. R.] Another quick update that may offer some insight to programmers:
29 minutes after hitting the ESC key (as I reportd a bit ago in an email
update) woke Tor up starting with the message "Your system clock just jumped
64376 seconds forward.," etc., the micro descriptor cache problem described
in item 4 above occurred.  In the past, I have solved It by closing/kjilling
Tor, deleting the file, and restarting Tor, however this time I relied on
Empty Loop's Unlocker Windows Explorer add-in (which I always keep
installed) to check what process was locking the file, if any.  I know I
couldn't delete the file in Windows Explorer at that point.  Unlocker
reported "no locks found" and offered to help me deal with the file itself.
It was able to delete the file (it has elevated priveleges, for one thing,
and it may try unconventional means).
I am now leaving Tor running to see if it will recover without a restart,
probably within minutes if it does.
The logged (warn/info level only) messages upon issue  occurring begin
like this:
[warn] Error replacing "C:\.........\tor\cached-microdescs": Permission
[warn] Error rebuilding microdescriptor cache: Permission denied
[warn] Couldn't dump microdescriptor (wrote 4294967295 out of 261): Invalid
[warn] microdesc_cache_rebuild(): Bug: Discontinuity in position in
microdescriptor cache.By my count, I'm at 294, but I should be at 327
[warn] Couldn't dump microdescriptor (wrote 4294967295 out of 619): Invalid
[warn] Couldn't dump microdescriptor (wrote 4294967295 out of 261): Invalid
[warn] Couldn't dump microdescriptor (wrote 4294967295 out of 939): Invalid
[warn] microdesc_cache_rebuild(): Bug: Discontinuity in position in
microdescriptor cache.By my count, I'm at 621, but I should be at 720
[warn] Couldn't dump microdescriptor (wrote 4294967295 out of 333): Invalid
[warn] microdesc_cache_rebuild(): Bug: Discontinuity in position in
microdescriptor cache.By my count, I'm at 1357, but I should be at 1390
The pattern continues for many entries, culminating in the following:
[warn] microdesc_cache_rebuild(): Bug: Discontinuity in position in
microdescriptor cache.By my count, I'm at 1517569, but I should be at
[warn] Error replacing "C:\.........\tor\cached-microdescs": Permission
[warn] Error rebuilding microdescriptor cache: Permission denied
UPDATE  -- - As I write this message, some timeout expired and Tor attempted
it's microsdescriptor business again.  The results were NOT good; obviously
deleting the file while Tor was running backfired.
Result: Tons of messages like "Couldn't dump microdescriptor," "Bug:
Discontinuity in position in microsdescriptor cache," etc.  I don't know
what the first of this new batch of entries was, but the last of them were
[err] microdesc_cache_rebuild(): Bug: After rebuilding microdesc cache,
offsets seem wrong.  At offset 33, I expected to find a microdescriptor
starting  with "onion-key".  Instead I got " 2013-05-30
03:29:37\nonion-key\n-----BEGIN RSA PUBLIC KEY-----\n[key
[err] microdesc_cache_rebuild(): Bug: microdesc.c:510:
microdesc_cache_rebuild: Assertion fast_memeq(md->body, "onion-key", 9)
failed; aborting.
microdesc.c:510 microdesc_cache_rebuild: Assertion fast_memeq(md->body,
"onion-key", 9) failed, aborting.
This application has requested the Runtime to terminate in an unusual way.
Please contact the application's support team for more information.
Those console messages were followed by the Tor console freezing and a
windows dialog "tor.exe has stopped working....... with a "Close the
program" button.

@_date: 2013-06-17 17:40:07
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Until there's a REAL effing way to communicate, 
Hi Cat,
You've been more involved in the Torr community than I over the past 10
years; I'm only newly trying to get really actively involved, and am pretty
much new to the scene, so you can bear that in mind.
OK, You're mail popped up on my screen at h:26 (to nbe non-specific about my
tie zone).  you're mail timestamp is h:14.  Are clocks may be off by up to
several minutes in opposite directions, so lag is hard to guess from that.
I use a desktop mail client and hav it set to poll every 5 minutes; I have
access to push technology for my email but yes; ivory tour tech who knows
about all that imlpementation stuff and keeps up with it?
None the less:
TOR has Tor-acessible IRC instant chat room messaging.
Personally.  Maybe I'm stuck in the past, but I love email because it is the
only unified messaging solution available where at least techies can limit
who can track all their communications.
Forums are 20th century! "No one" uses them; they do, but they are as much
not "it" as email is not "it" anymore.
Tor could go "Gooogle+" "Facebook" etc. HA! obviously we can't do that;
Where did the money go?  Good question.
Cursing in your initial message on this topic, unprovoked?  Baddddd start to
a productive discourse.
I use IRC and email.  I'm content, a soecial page I have to sign into and
track? well, only if they email me about every post.  But then, might as
well just use email.  I'm interested if you have good ideas to share.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:tor-talk-bounces at lists.torproject.org] On Behalf Of Cat S
Sent: Monday, June 17, 2013 5:14 PM
Hi all,
This mailing-list is a stupid fucking joke, well, at least for those of us
who aren't techies. Really, this is stupid, you're not allowing a lot of
people to community by using this Ivory tower mailing-list crap.
I've been using Tor near 10 years now, and this has GOT to change. It's like
Tor Project is stuck in the 20th Century! I know all the arguments about why
Tor Project hasn't (and seemingly won't) offer a way for everyone to
communicate, and they're valid but they're also bullshit. They're bullshit
because you're all (or, at least most of you are) using them as an excuse to
throw up your hands and start a stupid fucking stack exchange page . . .
with all it's Fackbook integration and other crap users have to wade through
I will never donate another penny to Tor, and I've given quite a lot
(anonymously) over the years, until a real solution is found. What the hell
happened to the money that was supposedly ear-marked to write (or hack) a
forum software?
"real solution" = discussion forum
I'm going to start an account at stack exchange and try my damndest to make
my question in the top:?
"Why won't the Tor Project support user-friendly form of anonymous
communication - i.e., a discussion forum?"
Stop with the fucking madness! Just make a real solution and be done with
it! Otherwise, decrease the lag time between when a message is posted on the
mailing-list and when it reaches my inbox. I mean, what the hell?! Why does
it take so effing long for an e-mail to reach my inbox when it's been up on
the mailing-list for quite a while?! That's why it's so hard to use
mailing-lists, there not instantaneous, so it's very hard to have a on-going
Mailing-lists suck Cartman's balls.
The Tor Project needs someone who ONLY cares about Tor's users, not about
the code per se. Having the greatest Tor in the world is a great goal, but
if you don't allow non-tech users a way to communicate your work's not worth
a damn (as techies already now how to use these programs, the prole you're
trying to help generally DO NOT - I know this because I teach many people
how to use TBB).
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-06-17 18:19:58
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Until there's a REAL effing way to communicate, 
More direct responses:
I elaborated on my disagreement in the message I just sent.
Great! Thanks.  Your responses will be from techies though.  Only techies
use Stack Exchange.
mailing-list and when it reaches my inbox.
I didn't notice this issue, but I will keep en eye on it and check message
headers (my mail goes through several servers even after reach my domain at
present) and see if I see significant lag.  Email has more lag due to the
way most mail clients work/are configured mostly, but certainly Tor's
listserv may need a fix in this regard.  But in terms of instant messaging,
 are "instant messaging" programs, especially ones that use peer-to-peer
connections,  are social media sites and similar more isolated platforms,
and  are forums -- if you monitor them and refresh the page with one hand
constantly.  Now, Tor could put an html5 proxied IRC client on their home
page that gave a "chat sidebar" that was tech-knowledge-nonrequired.  There
are codes out there for this already I believe.  Or a non-proxied one tht
depended on Java or something (also available already), but that's counter
to Tor's objectives, wouldn't work in TBB and is not as friendly anyway.
reach my inbox when it's been up on the mailing-list for quite a while?!
Again, I haven't noticed this.  How long is "quite a while" ?
Check your full message headers when you get the message and see if you can
spot a delay at yoru email provider or something.
the code per se.
Should be easy enough to recruit people for such goals I would think, since
there are a lot more people that care about Tor than there are people who
know how to code.
Sounds like more resources for website development might be good too.
And of all similar projects, Tor has so far done the best job of being
user-friendly and the best job of PR with the public.  So there is work to
be done... Maybe I can help?  Maybe you can help?
Great by-by-the-way that you have not only evangelized but helped people
learn about Tor.
Privacy needs to be made more simple.  Some of the thing to duo that are
highliy technical and behindd the scenes.  A lot of it is a cultural
fight-back to the anti-privacy motivations of the capitizing of the
internet, and the fact that privacy was not a design goal in the underlying
pdesign of the internet.  And the fact that besides the capitilist
motivations for capitilizing on profiling people and their data, there is
also the natural tendency for all governments to want to know as much as
possible about their population (oh, and other people and governments) as
they can get away with.
But in the "free world" (greatly overstated) it is clearly a cultural war,
and PR and evangilism might be one of the most important aspects.
Accessibility of alternative ways to meet the "needs" that people now expect
of communication technology that fit with a more human-rights-oriented model
requires a lot of thought and coding, a lot of PR, and a lot of innovation.
The WWW took off almost unexpectedly.  Maybe we can review research (or
perform research) on how this was sold to the public...  Same with other
innovations, like the iPhone. Wow.  Many wonderful innovations fall
relatively flat, even with substantial resources behind them.  Some thhat
come to mind because they did BETTER than most innovations but not well
enough: laser discs, betamax.... Linux is an interesting mixed success.
Started as a very small project that was just awesome, and later
distributions were created to market it to the general public with a fair
bit of notice, but there are ongoing problems that have not been solved to
make is user-friendly enough, esp. when people want to buy and steal things
like giant thousands of dollars software packages from Adobe and Micosoft
(well, not they're trying to get people to lease the stuff ..don't get me
started... those and other companies have been working hard to end
"property" (except they're own IP) for years, and this is just the next
It's a war and mobilization and organizing of techies and non-techies alike
is what's needed.

@_date: 2013-06-20 02:26:21
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Until there's a REAL effing way to communicate, 
Instant communication isn't always on the top of my list! I'm just getting
caught up in this thread and it's the end of my day today, so I'll reply to
this message as it's the last one I read :)
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tuesday, June 18, 2013 1:27 AM
I don't know what software (or custom software) is in use on a regional
forum called WaccoBB ( - SSL cert but mixed content)
They have the option to subscribe to posts according to sub-forum.  It doesn't work QUITE the ideal way you describe; a reply to emailed
messages replies directly by private email to the person who posted the
The footer of each message has three orange buttons/highlighted links
"Website/Reply", "Unsubscribe", and "Gratitude".  The first takes you to the
appropriate form on the website itself, and the other two go to the website
for their each mentioned purposes (Gratitude is like a "like"/"+1" button).
At one time the WaccoBB forum as a Yahoo email list (and some few people in
the community still use the old Yahoo email list, I think unwittingly
instead, dividing the community).  The new site runs lots of local ads,
which is most likely the motivation to the compromise email option which
still requires opening a web page for any public replies.  Though their
emails all come with an ad too. ..... just checked the footer of the forum
pages and although the forum software in use is not named -- just a web
design firm --  the FAQ page specifies "vBulletin CMS".  The site is very
friendly as forums go, with every page having sidebars with texts of
selected posts and the posts with the most "gratitude".  The needs of that
site are different, as the participants generally are very public about
their identities, very often including their own portraits, and the site is
commercial in nature.
I just checked and vBulletin is proprietary (using PHP/MySQL).  One
controversy as of 2010 is its license involves the present owner/developer
of the vBulletin software brand sharing in Google AdSense revenue in the
future if users sign up to run AdSense ads on their forum.
Maybe helpful:
A forum I used previously, Simple Machines Forum ("SMF") has a BSD license
and has recent releases.  I set it up pretty easily for a medium-size site
with a small audience and liked it.  All the traditional forum features and
has/had a polished look/feel.
New to the scene, one called Discourse
( and
 is GPL, in "open Beta", and behaves more like a
modern social networking site.
Non-privacy features, like linking your account login to Google, Yahoo,
Facebook, Twitter, Github, or Persona are built-in (although you can still
create an unlinked account).  This would certainly need some careful
consideration and/or removal of such features....
Designed for use from modern smart phones as well as traditional computers.
It has a "comprehensive API" and the front end relies heavily on Javascript;
Ruby backend.  With sufficient effort, if the infrastructure of the thing
was useful, a different interface might be able to be developed more easily
and robustly than going it alone.
I just grabbed Discourse as an example as it is a new one and
non-traditional---aiming to be next-gen and accessible to the masses.
It has email subscription features mentioned on its homepage but not ones
mentioned that would cause the email interface to behave like a traditional
mailing list.
It does sound doable... and if the website were especially accessible and
familiar to modern audiences, all the better --  but that could complicate
the project unless there is something similar enough to patch onto already.

@_date: 2013-06-21 02:33:17
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Research paper "The Parrot is Dead: Observing 
The Parrot is Dead:
Observing Unobservable Network Communications
I found this paper a very interesting read that discusses various pluggable
transports and other methods of obscuring Tor traffic, and even contends
that all the existing "parrot" sysem that try to mimic Skype, VOIP, and HTML
traffic are more easily detected than unmasked Tor traffic itself.  It
further argues that the approach of those projects is fundamentally flawed.
One especially challenging reason in common with all of them is that the
task of mimicing the behavior of a specific client/server implentation and
interaction exactly, under all conditions, is a practically insurmountable
task.  The main reccomendation the paper makes is to do rseearch into
layering Tor/obscured traffic over a real implementation (e.g. in the audio
or video payload of a real Skype connection) -- and acknowledges that
although that may simplify the task, it will introduce new problems and not
eliminate the possibility that traffic can be identified and fingerprinted
anyway -- although those are more general thoughts than thorough research.
The abstract/direct links:
The Parrot is Dead:
Observing Unobservable Network Communications
Amir Houmansadr, Chad Brubaker, and Vitaly Shmatikov The University of Texas at Austin Winner of Best Practical Paper Award IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy
May 19-22, 2013, San Francisco, CA In response to the growing popularity of Tor and other censorship
circumvention systems, censors in non-democratic countries have increased
their technical capabilities and can now recognize and block network traffic
generated by these systems on a nationwide scale. New censorship-resistant
communication systems such as SkypeMorph, StegoTorus, and CensorSpoofer aim
to evade censors' observations by imitating common protocols like Skype and
HTTP. We demonstrate that these systems completely fail to achieve
unobservability. Even a very weak, local censor can easily distinguish their
traffic from the imitated protocols. We show dozens of passive and active
methods that recognize even a single imitated session, without any need to
correlate multiple network flows or perform sophisticated traffic analysis. We enumerate the requirements that a censorship-resistant system must
satisfy to successfully mimic another protocol and conclude that
"unobservability by imitation" is a fundamentally flawed approach. We then
present our recommendations for the design of unobservable communication
systems. Paper: PDF    (or
Slides: PowerPoint
 , PDF
This work was supported by the Defense Advanced Research Agency (DARPA) and
SPAWAR Systems Center Pacific, Contract No. N66001-11-C-4018, and the MURI
program under AFOSR Grant No. FA9550-08-1-0352.

@_date: 2013-09-03 23:06:54
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Many more Tor users in the past week? 
I agree there is an anomoly in Syrian usage, but it appears independent of
the overall anomoly.
Since it occurred first, it's conceivable that Syria was a testing ground
for a botnet or that events in Syria indepently created either an increase
in local Tor demand or accessibility.
Reviewing known Syrian political and war events occurring, as well as the
Muslim and Syrian holiday and festival calendars, as well as reviewing Tor
usage data worldwide, and a sampling of major news stories related to
privacy and encryption, I came up with something of a timeline, although I
draw no conclusions from it.
Timeline through August 31
* February, a dramatic, roughly ten-fold decrease in Syrian directly
connnecting Tor users.
* July 9-14, spike in Syria directly connecting users from est. ~ 1,000
users, peaking at just over 4,000 users on July 12, and returning to ~ 1,000
users by July 15.  Approximately four-fold increase at peak on July 12.
Syrian Usage in the near term both before and after fluctuates up to ~50%
and 1,000 is a bit below average; it leveled off around 1,200 within a few
days of this event, holding steady until August 6.
* August 6, rebels in Syria had a strategic victory by capturing Menagh
Military Airport after a one-year siege.
* August 6-7, Tor usage increased four-fold in Syria, and has ranged between
~3,500 and 4,500 directly connecting users since (~4,000 on August 31).
* August 8, Ramadan one-month fasting ended.
* August 8, Lavabit and Silent Circle shut down.
So the above events correlate with Syria's four-fold increase in usage,
though usage had been extraordinarily low since a dramatic ten-fold decrease
in February (with a brief July spike that peaked at four-fold prior usage on
July 12), so there might be another reason.
* August 10, PirateBrowser released.
* August 13, Report that PirateBrowser had reached more than 100,000 direct
downloads, had 5,000 seeds on its major torrent, and was continuing to
average "well over 1,000 downloads per hour".
* August 15, Washington Post published NSA audit showing privacy abuses,
particularly in re. US citizens. (I have not reviewed dates of all NSA or
online security revelations from The Guardian, Washington Post, New York
Times, and other sources that have been constant since the June revelations,
with at least one major story per week.)
- August 18: Worldwide directly connecting Tor users: ~ 500,000 plateau
dating back to September, 2012.
*** August 19-21, Worldwide Tor usage began accelerating.
* August 21, apparent major chemical/gas attack in Syria (though no obvious
effect on Syrian usage).
* August 22-23, acceleration picked up pace a bit.
* August 24-25, increases worldwide were steady rather than accelerating.
* August 26-31, slight exponential acceleration resuming and continuing on
the whole.
* August 29, the Washington Post published NSA black budget documents and
article, with a major revelation on the human and financial capital invested
in undermining online encryption.
- August 31: ~ 2.35 million (eyeball from graph) directly connecting Tor
users, a factor of about 4.7 in 12 days.
There has been increased pressure on journalists recently as well, with the
large number of arbitrary arrests in Egypt, including shootings by the
military, the captures and deaths of journalists in Syria, the controversy
over releases of national security information in the wake of the NSA
revelations, the UK destruction of data at The Guardian HQ, the UK detention
of The Guardian's Glenn Greenwald's partner and confiscation of his data,
and the perception that the UK moves were with the cooperation/at the
request of the U.S.
There are international moves to mount an attack on Syria since the apparent
gas/chemical attack on August 21 that might increase demand for online
private communications.
 I only looked at the standard directly connecting Tor usage in my
commentary, not bridge users, and not the experimental data looking at
mirrors and DAs intended to include bridge users.  The experimental data, on
quick glance, looks to shows a similar pattern with roughly 50% more users
than I've reported; ~ 750,000 on August 18, and ~ 3.5 million on August 31.

@_date: 2013-09-04 01:30:42
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Many more Tor users in the past week? 
Agreed.  I meant no implication.  Although I applied selection criteria to
the timeline, since someone mentioned holidays perhaps having an effect, I
listed the only holiday I know of that was occurring at the time.  The end
of Ramadan is celebrated with gifts (I don't know a lot about it).  There
was a humanitarian effort in Syria to distribute gifts to needy children
(appeared to be by a rebel sympathetic group in rebel controlled
territories), and at least one video about that effort was distributed
online.  I still don't really guess that it relates -- just trying to be
My pleasure. :)
Whatever the case, I do hope that the larger pattern is not an attack on
Tor, which would seem to be the major concern.  If there's more interest and
demand, that will ultimately be good for the success of Tor, I would think.
Hopefully recent increases are reflective of a sudden elevation in privacy
and security concerns in the world, although the suddenness of this
(unprecendented?) expansion is a bit hard to fathom.

@_date: 2013-09-04 03:56:28
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Exit node stats collection? 
;) Can a relay determine If it is an entry? (assuming it's not a bridge-only
If it's not an entry or an exit, I think it can safely assume it is on the
only middle node.  Some statistical analysis performed from a middle node,
couple with the list of exits nodes and how they're favored, might be able
to highlight increases in traffic evidencing a gateway node to one or more
hidden services (and if that node is not an exit too, it is almost certainly
a gateway node, I would think).
Just imagining a starting point for an NSA analyst :)

@_date: 2013-09-04 04:10:17
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Many more Tor users in the past week? 
Hi Roger :)
Good point.  If 40 million TBB's a year = 500,000 direct user average...
Let's say, generously, that PirateBrowser got 150,000 acquisitions in one
way or another in those first 3 days (50,000 a day, 1.5 times the number of
direct downloads) and continued to do so through the end of the month
(50,000/day From 8/10 through 8/31 = 50,000 x 21 downloads = 1.05 million
downloads).  Let's assume a scenario where PirateBrowser users are likely to
immediately start using the software and have a directly-connected to
download ratio on any given day of 1.5 times the prior usual Tor user.  For
the sake of argument.  Let's assume the usual Tor user updates their TBB 2
times per year (pulling this out of my hat).  So the number of prior Tor
downloaders would be 40 million downloads / 2 = 20 million.  With 500,000
directly connected users, that's 1/40 of the downloaders being connected.
Assuming, for no particular reason, that PirateBrowser downloaders are
connected 1.5 times as much as TBB users per download, that means 1/26.67
PirateBrowser downloads are connected. Of the generous assumption of 1.05
million PirateBrowser downloads by August 31, that would have 39,375 (~
40,000) PirateBrowser users connected on August 31.
Since direct Tor connected users increased from ~500,000 to ~2,350,000 on
August 31: 40,000 new users would only account for about 2% of the total
number of added users.  Even if I wasn't generous enough by a long stretch,
and a million PirateBrowser users are connected -- and that really seems a
stretch -- that would only account for somewhat over half of the new users.

@_date: 2013-09-04 10:05:05
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Many more Tor users in the past week? 
I certainly haven't noticed a massive number of social media and blog posts
one would expect to see associated with a huge new public interest.  It's
not trending on Twitter.

@_date: 2013-09-05 04:36:14
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Content and popularity analysis of Tor 
Whether or not all issues were discussed in detail or the same detail in the
prior thread as well as in the paper, I don't know, but the paper has
relevance beyond Tor network flaws:
- It exposes an estimate on how manny hidden services existed at the time of
the study
- It gives a breakdown of what services/some of the services those hidden
services offered.
- It categories HTTP(S) services by content type, which is interesting.
- It describes what resources they required to perform the attack, which
sound relatively modest.
- It highlights the botnet and botnet command and control activity on Tor.
- It describes server configuration issues that allowed easily correlating
the shared hosting of many services
- It describes server configuration issues that allowed easily deanonymizing
the true IP Address of some hidden services.
The last two points are importasnt reminders of some of the pitfalls in
attempting anonymization, and might be good to be documented in the wiki (if
they're not) for setting up hidden services.
The prior points are of social and historic value.
The present situation with massively escalating numbers of Tor users/"users"
highlights the threat that botnets might pose to the Tor network's ability
to function.  A botnet worm of course could also be used to create a
largescale anonymity attack requiring many nodes.
Today's RC just announced does some traffic prioritization which should be a
bandaid for the current problem, but doesn't really address similar issues
in the longterm.  I don't know what solutions to propose, as obviously the
fundamental rule is that this is an anonymous system, and we probably want
to respect net neutrality to the point practical, but more
thought/research/development may have to be done to guard against botnets
threatening the functionality of the Tor network or botnets' potential to
attack the network's anonymity features.

@_date: 2013-09-05 11:51:11
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Content and popularity analysis of Tor 
Hello grarpamp,
Thanks for the perspective.
I'm not a Tor expert yet.  I have been way off on the sidelines until
recently, not taking close, consistent interest until this year.  I haven't
read most of the research that's been done, and I may not recall all that I
have read!
You may be right in everything you say, but you technically omit the
category "nonpublished services used NOT only largely by their creators but
perhaps by groups that are not so public."  The wikis and indexes both on
onion and the open web contain only a very small number of services in
comparison to the sample this study collected primarily in only a two hour
period (if I recall correctly).
The server configuration issues I'm sure are well known to experts (in this
case the primary issue highlighted was shared or public-internet SSL
certificates; extremely easy to take advantage of and be quite certain of
the results immediately), but I don't know if statistics on them over Tor
were available, especially for a broad range of hidden services, not just
well-known ones.  Even when the services are set up for an individual's own
use, the issue may be relevant.
And having multiple studies that shine a light on real data on these things
not only may clarify issues better, but since past studies presumably were
performed in different ways, also act as a reminders of ongoing issues (and
need for education).  Also if the past data is comparable, it gives a
progress report.
As Tor gets better at anonymizing connections, gathering statistics like
this will become more difficult, so anything we can learn now may help guide
future decisions.
** I'm off to UN Int'l Day of Charity panel webstream in a few mins,
1500-1800 EDT, 2100-0000 CEST, etc. :)  (stream)
 (panelists/info) **

@_date: 2013-09-07 10:20:11
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] WP: The feds pay for 60 percent of Tor's 
A back door is not always easy to spot.  Especially for people who are not
experts in all the technologies involved.  And Tor, and the technologies it
depends on, are not fault-proof, as we know.  So any fault could be declared
a backdoor if assumed intentional.
BM-2D9WhbG2VeKsLCsGBTPLGwDLQyPizSqS85 at bitmessage.ch>
or-60-percent-> of-tors-development-can-users-trust-it/
Tor funding is always an interesting point, no doubt.
If you use the official binaries, certainly, even checking the hashes, and
you personally review and understand the code, you have to trust that the
people compiling the code used unmodified open source code (if the exact
compile process they are using is documented, this could be verified
Keeping it open source offers a level of security, but still requires actual
scrutiny, esp. now that we know just how much the Feds are interested in
decrypting traffic and focusing attention on those who encrypt their
Trust is involved.  Speaking of which, do we have bios of all Tor
contributors, esp. those that authorize code changes and those that compile
code?  Do we have public ongoing accounting of who gets paid how much and
for what?
Redundant compilations by parties we could consider independent, if they are
identical, could provide a check on that.  Linux distribution binaries are
another question.  If security is of great import, you need to have a chain
of trust, careful custody, and secure transfer of source code and binaries
all around.  And of course install it on a secure system that doesn't
already have some kind of backdoors.
Does Tor automatically validate its executable upon running and refuse to
start if modified?  That would be a good feature.  Not sure the most secure
way to implement such a feature, but I know some software already does that.
I have no conspiracy, but I do think transparency is really important.  As
we can see from this article and the list poster who posed a very reasonable
public interest question, even for public relations and Tor's ability to
increase userbase and trust.
Tor has the option of refusing funding from any government entity, but
obviously, literally at a cost.
And thank you very much to those working hard for great ideals on this
Asa Rossoff

@_date: 2013-09-12 16:31:40
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor browser can be fingerprinted 
of people
the Tor
One idea I have is to support only two pixel resolutions, but allow the
window to be resized.  Use the pixel resolution that is at or higher than
the current window size, and use the full-page scaling feature.
I don't have the stats (widely available) on normal screen resolutions, or
more importantly perhaps (unless both figures are available by script or
some other means), the available display area, which we could determine the
likely such display areas for Firefox browsers and limit to that.  And even
allow sidebars, toolbars, etc., but always report one of the two screen and
display areas.
For screen sizes, as I recall:
800x600 is almost unused now
1024x768 is also not most common anymore
1280x720 or 1280x960 may be most common by a fair bit??
Typical users have displays ranging from 1024x768 to 1920x1080 or 1920x1200
(with some users having even high resolutions such as ~2560xN). 16:9
displays are the most common on new laptops for several years, with 16:10
being most common before that and possibly most common for desktops still...
4:3 is used in only a minority of laptops, and I suspect laptop use
surpasses desktop use.  In any case, the current estimates are widely
available, as logged by a couple of major sites, and surely some minor sites
as well.
My thought is have it appear that all Tor users have either:
(A) the most common resolution display/display area (resize the window to
maintain proportion when toolbars/sidebars/menus modified or user resizes
the window), or;
(B) a common wide-screen high resolution display, e.g. 1920x1080 (choice to
be made after considering popularity statistics and balancing with usability
for actual Tor high-res users).
With both options, enforce fixed to one of the two display area proportions
(nearest) and virtual resolutions (>= actual).  Full-page scale
automatically to actual resolution.  Allow user to scale page by normal
means from their if they wish, unless that would expose the user in some
Handle full-screen mode similarly, but if the user's display aspect ratio is
different than one of the two supported ones, part of the display should be
unusable and resolution unnoticable to websites or scripts.  (e.g. 16:9
"full screen" on a 16:10 display will have black top and bottom bars than
cannot be measured or used by websites).  In full-screen mode it is
acceptable to support the full emulated display resolution.

@_date: 2013-09-21 02:34:42
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] WP: The feds pay for 60 percent of Tor's 
My motivation for making that statement is not so much because the bio would
be any indicator of code quality, but because "Concurrently working in
command capacity at NSA headquarters, managing Operation Freedom Tear-down"
would indicate a conflict of interest :).  Not that that person wouldn't
disclose that fact.  I'm not asking for a long bio---not a r?sum?.  And not
necessarily for every contributor.  But for all decision makers, and like I
said, those who approve merges, and those who compile releases.  Some
information to help establish trust.
Also, redundant technical and/or procedural security measures in place to
verify that compiled code is from the designated source would be a good
measure.  That's independent of who (or what) is compiling the code.
The Tor website recommends new users go and meet a developer and acquire
their PGP keys in-person (obviously by extension after checking three forms
of unfalsified identification and checking fingerprints, brain MRIs and CT
scans, retinal scans, and facial and vocal analysis).
That's a good idea, but I'd be interested to find out statistics on how many
new users have done so before relying on the software and aren't also Tor
developers themselves.  I'm guessing the number is rather low.
I think even a sense of trust in the developers that would come from
disclosing some personal information would be valuable.  Unless all the
other Tor developers who have a relationship with that developer are
conspiring together, the information given is likely to at least not be
believed to be false by the group as a whole -- and they would know better
than the average user.  And even if the trustworthiness of the information
were assumed to be low, it gives users the sense of the personal, and I
believe the sense of the personal is necessary in establishing psychological
trust, and can help lead to wider adoption and wider financial, development,
vocal, and other support for the project.  Perhaps put stock photos of
innocent-looking types next to each bio (that's a joke).
That's true.  If we know it's Mr. Snowden, that would be good to know, as
some may not trust him.  His trustworthiness in the public eye was greatly
aided by his Hong Kong and Russia on-camera interviews and his story being
told by those that met him or who talked to those journalists who had (or
have ongoing) relationships with him.  Personally, listening to his voice
and looking him in the eye helped me judge his character to a significant
extent.  It took the journalists that worked with him months to trust him
enough to meet him or even be bothered with establishing secure
However, I think a good case can be made for pseudonymous contributors (I
don't know, we may have them now).  It supports the philosophy of the
project, and allows contributions from those who may not have the safety and
freedom to contribute to a project like this publically.  Contributions from
NSA and CIA employees aren't even necessarily ill-intentioned, although I
think it would be best to not have people who might have a conflict of
interest in any leadership or critical position in development.
I don't think open-source security software developers should be put through
the whole politician treatment, but politicians are asked for transparency
for the same reason: the public is wresting trust in them.
P.S. You may notice; I am not always quick on email responses :)...

@_date: 2014-07-03 23:19:57
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] OTFC IRC issues - new Tor friendly IRC network? 
Hi Patrick,
I reported that issue to OFTC on their support channel and was told by an
operator that they believed they had a temporary Tor block in -place at the
moment, however, I was able to reconnect with a new ciruit (and before
identifying to services, got a Tor cloak, oddly enough).  I hit that issue
(same .at server noted in disconnect notice) just after 22:00 UTC on 2 July.
A new ciruit immediately resolved the problem for me.
It's possible that the OFTC operator was incorrect about what the issue
was.... If it persists, naming that server, I think it is up to them to fix
(and users to report).
I tried following the web page instrucions and reporting via email :), but
their mail exchange was over-zealous and bounced my message, which I also
reported.  The op said they have some unidentified/unresolved issues
communicating with certain mail servers.
As to whether 37lnq2veifl4kar7.onion is official, only says "There is even a hidden service onion address that someone has
taken upon themselves to maintain, it is however not supported in any
official capacity by OFTC."
So, it is not official, and being thrid-party maintained, is certainly
routed through a normal exit node, so the issue with at least that exit node
at that time being rejected by OFTC should be independent of using the
hidden service to connect or not.
It is also extra-advisable to use SSL to connect, since there is an
additional man-in-the-middle running the hidden service... But of course SSL
should always be used anyway.
OFTC occasionally bans Tor connectinons to the best of their ability when a
lot of abuse is happenning, but most IRC servers seem to ban Tor connections
outright.  I'm happy enough personally with OFTC and it is suitable
considering their mission.  If we can suggest better ways for them to handle
abuse they might consider them, but it is a challenging issue on IRC as we
have seen on our own Tor channels lately.
One partial workaround is to use/also use a trusted IRC bouncer with a very
stable connection  to reduce the chances you will be disconnected and then
become subject to any ongoing ban.

@_date: 2014-05-13 18:21:09
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] darkweb-everywhere - was: Using HTTPS Everywhere to 
Interesting idea.  Nice thing is no additional trusted third-party required
(putting aside certificate authorities for SSL and any intermediaries a
website host/hoster may involve).
One potential bad thing is correlating your initial request with the onion
URL request you are redirected to, especially for third-party content on a
website (from URLs not in the address bar), e.g. advertising and tracking
images, cookies, and scripts.  The header could be ignored for those too as
a matter of policy as well, though.  But even first-party redircects will
potentially give the site operator any information they garnered from your
initial connection, and maybe malicious exits could conspire to be involved
in hosting websites and further profile you.
The header should definitely be ignored if the browser made any direct
connection to the site (non-Tor), as that could directly expose your
original IP to the hidden service and any other data profiled, although this
is a non-issue in a correctly configured TBB.  Just a warning for any other
browsers/parties who try to implement the feature.

@_date: 2014-05-23 15:59:54
@_author: Asa Rossoff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] darkweb-everywhere - was: Using HTTPS Everywhere to 
On May 14, 2014 11:33 UTC, Michael Wolf Wrote:
Consider your scenario with one change: the first-party clearnet host does
not implement the X-Onion-Address header, but third-party embedded hosts
aiming to profile and track user activities do.  Any cookies or custom URLs
or other means that they manage to use to track you, even if only during a
browser session, might be linked to both clearnet and onion activity more
easily, creating a cross-TLD profile (Of course, maybe I'm missing something
obvious and default configurations might already allow this by simply
allowing embedding .onions in clearnet and vice-versa?).  If the user
provides identifying credentials or other data somewhere, it may be more
readily used to build a cross-session profile that covers more user
activity.  There are so many ways to leak identifying information.  I'm not
entirely sure of the significance of this observation, to be honest, but I
hope someone else has a better handle on it than me :). It's possible that
it does not pose a new risk and I'm mistaken.
I like the proposal as a good current-tech step for a trusted source of
clearnet/onion association.  It seems better than a single third-party
database.  A real problem even if you trusted the content of third-party
database is that if it were very large, it would have to be queried by
everyone as much as the DNS system, and the database provider could
profiling information.  Another alternative would be a DNS record, maybe
something like a CNAME record.. an ONAME, or something else, to be used if
possible.  IF you have a trusted DNS record (DNSSEC has its issues but
should be as trustworthy as SSL identity, as I understand it), this "ONAME"
redirect would not be able to be customized on a per-user basis, unlike a
server header, and the DNS records might also carry a lower risk of being
hijacked/manipulated by a malicious entity unrelated to the host than the
host server itself.  URLs might still contain or point to identifying data,
but I think it would prevent a web host from easily redirecting different
users to different onion hosts.  I think the onion:clearnet domain names
would have a 1:1 relationship assuming DNSSEC and something like an ONAME
record, and so that routing information would be better secured by DNS with
A low-level routing/DNS-level solution would also work for non-HTTP
connections, another possible advantage.  On the con side, I guess an onion
host could not advertise it's clearnet address in a similar way, but that
seems like a less useful function anyway.
