
@_date: 2005-12-16 07:59:55
@_author: Izzy 
@_subject: Google 403 error pages 
I don't think this problem is due just to occasional "spyware, root
kits, malware", etc. despite the statement on the Google page. My guess
is that the Google servers are taking an unusual high volume of hits
from the Tor exit nodes probably because, the "Bad Hats" have been using
Tor to try to manipulate Google search ranking, ad-sense,  etc. Just a
guess, but I think a likely scenario. In that case- A technical solution
for the lack of ethics on the part of some Tor users is what might be
required. or..eventually..Tor will be blocked, banned or,
outlawed...which could be the ultimate goal of, some.
 Meanwhile- The error page has been coming up so frequently these past
few weeks that I have replaced the default 'Google' search in Firefox
with the "Scroogle" scraper. They are not blocking the Scroogle proxy...

@_date: 2005-12-16 11:36:24
@_author: Izzy 
@_subject: Data retention in Europe 
"Terrorism, Piracy, 'Kiddie pRon,  etc. are of course, just an excuse
or, justifications for massive "data retention" laws, the "Patriot Act",
The real motive is the establishment of the "Global Panopticon" and it's
acceptance by the masses it will control. "It's for your own good" , To
protect you from the evil 'Terrorists', "Goldstein", or "To make your
consumer experience better", etc.
The possible uses of such information are almost limitless.
Marketing information based on your..google searchs..consumer
habits..the people you know and the social class you belong to..etc.
Thinking about this- I was promoted to re-visit MIT's Media Lab project-
-Reality Mining-
"Machine Perception and Learning of Complex Social Systems"
"Reality Mining defines the collection of machine-sensed environmental
data pertaining to human social behavior. This new paradigm of data
mining makes possible the modeling of conversation context, proximity
sensing, and temporospatial location throughout large communities of
individuals. Mobile phones (and similarly innocuous devices) are used
for data collection, opening social network analysis to new methods of
empirical stochastic modeling."
"Such rich data on complex social systems have implications for a
variety of fields. The research questions we are addressing include:
    * How do social networks evolve over time?
    * How entropic (predictable) are most people's lives?
    * How does information flow?
    * Can the topology of a social network be inferred from only
proximity data?
    * How can we change a group's interactions to promote better
The separation between 'Industry, Academia, and the Global Security
State is well, pretty much, none-existent.
Consider- the MIT 'Media Lab' is headed by  Nicholas Negroponte whose
brother is John Negroponte..The U.S. Director of National Intelligence.
"The Brothers Negroponte" Sounds like a novel, I read, once!
Makes you wonder about those $100 hand-cranked laptops Nicholas N. has
been pushing for the kids of 'poor' countrys - who can't even service
the interest on their debt- but, I digress..
Yes, but...The use of Tor, or something along the lines- could simply be
outlawed- making it a crime to use, or a 'national security letter', or
similar 'instrument' could be used to implement a 'back door' or, the
possibility exists -considering the origins of 'Onion' routing- that we
are all just "Media Lab Rats" being observed by the "Global Adversary"
to better develop 'predictive behavior modeling', or something.
 On the other hand -it may have occurred to the 'Ruling Elite' and their
servants - that they themselves would, or could be caught in a trap of
their own making and therefore a mechanism that would allow a certain
amount of "unobserved", or "unregulated" traffic flow was necessary.
Otherwise, an individual or group, with insider accesss to the system
could, "Well and Truly, Fuck Them" Which is a pleasant thought! and I'll
leave it there for now.
Have a Nice Day! ;)

@_date: 2005-12-11 10:58:45
@_author: Izzy 
@_subject: Google 403 error pages 
In the last few days..I have been encountering, on and off, Google 403
pages while using the Tor network for Google searches. I'm not sure if
Google is perhaps, blocking just some exit nodes or the Tor network, in
If I switch to using no proxy and run the same search, I do not get the
error page. Hmm.. also, It seems that if I wait or force the the exit
node to change I don't get the error page. Could it be that some exit
nodes (some more than other's)are 'bombing' Google with requests? Has
anyone else encountered this?
-BTW- Here's the page. It has a "verify the text below" box to continue
searching. Well, somethings going on here. Not quite sure what, yet.
spyware application is sending us automated requests, and it appears
that your computer or network has been infected.
In the meantime, you might want to run a virus checker or spyware
remover to make sure that your computer is free of viruses and other
spurious software.

@_date: 2005-12-13 19:53:16
@_author: Izzy 
@_subject: We're sorry... 
... but we can't process your request right now. A computer virus or
spyware application is sending us automated requests, and it appears
that your computer or network has been infected...
I still keep getting these Google 403 pages while using the Tor network
(in the past few days). Am I the only one? No one else has run into this?
It does not seem to matter what the exit node is..
Using the "Scroogle" proxy to scrape the Google bypasses the error page.
Perhaps, the Tor network is being used to manipulate Google search
results or something..and Google is now starting to block Tor?
Just a guess...

@_date: 2005-12-13 21:21:31
@_author: Izzy 
@_subject: We're sorry... 
O.k.  I see now from the FAQ -this a known problem, but I had not
encountered it before and then for the past few days it has been
intermittently coming up and didn't seem to be just one exit node in
Thank You!
