
@_date: 2007-04-27 10:03:05
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: Tor nodes blocked by e-gold 
I have checked a few long-runnig TOR nodes in the Sorbs SPAM blacklist:
Many of this servers are blacklisted in the database of
vulnerable/hacked servers:
"Likely Trojaned Machine, host running unknown trojan"
The nodes I checked are mostly well administrated and run actually
software over a time of 1 year. It may be, they are listed in other SPAM
blacklists too.
Karsten N.
force44 at Safe-mail.net schrieb:

@_date: 2007-04-18 16:06:17
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: [Fwd: High-traffic Colluding Tor Routers in Washington, D.C. 
Hash: SHA1
do you run a TOR server on a virtual server without connection faults?
A year ago, I tested a tor server on virtual hardware (Virtuozzo) and I
got many TCP connection faults in "/proc/user_beancounters".
Is a TOR server now ready to run with less then 1024 TCP connections?
Or do you have a virtual server, which does not have low limits for TCP
connections? In this case the offer of 1blu is very nice for TOR.
- - ----- Begin Off-Topic -------
I know, it is a Tor list. But please let me write this:
What do you think about a remailer (Mixmaster or Mixminion), something
like TOR for emails. Emails are more private than surfing in my opinion.
If you did have the power to admin a few tor server, you may run a
remailer too. It may share a server together with TOR. The traffic is
not very high: 5.000 mails per day. It uses at max. 16 TCP connections.
And it can act as a middle-man like TOR. For Mixmaster a working MTA
("exim4" or something else) is required, for a Mixminion middle-man nothing.
The size of the remailer networks decreases in the last 6 month down to
35 nodes for Mixminion and less than 30 nodes for Mixmaster. Hope, we
can stop this trend. Large networks for high anonymity are needed.
I am ready for help, if somebody needed any docs. (in German too)
- - ------ End Off-Topic ----------
Karsten N.

@_date: 2007-02-28 10:56:53
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: Letters from the feds 
Eugen Leitl schrieb:
I am a German tor operator too and the provider of my server got the
same BKA case. Because the provider closed my server, I asked the press
for help. The investigation of the press got the following results:
1: The BKA operation "MIKADO" was closed in the first week of January 2007.
2: Official letters declaring it was closed, were not send. If you asked
for official letter, you will get one.
3: May be, affected tor operators will be listed in a database. I do not
know more about the database, I got only a (unofficial) warning by the
investigating journalist: "There is a database and you are listed."
May be, the information about the closed BKA operation is interesting
for other operators too.
Karsten N.

@_date: 2007-07-10 12:03:02
@_author: awxcnx@web.de 
@_subject: Next news from Germany 
I am a german TOR admin ("knuffel"). I have running a mixmaster remailer too ("awxcxn").
Both were running on a dedicated root server.
Half a year ago I have had my first trouble with the german BKA. The hoster of my
server got a letter from the BKA and closed my server without any respect to the law.
I contact the press an a few days later the server was back and online.
A few month ago I got an anonymous tip, a telecommunication surveillance is/was
running against me and I am listed in a "known" database.
Over the last months, I tried to figure out, what happens. I contact the data protection official of Germany for help.
Like me, he did not get any information because the prosecution denied any information with the reason:
"Any information will compromise the security of Germany or one of its parts."
( ? 19 Absatz 6 Bundesdatenschutzgesetz )
I compromise the security of Germany, seems I am a terrorist or something like that.
The anti-terrorism-law in Germany is not a joke, nothink I want to feel by myself.
I contact a lawyer and he said, this is not a game, it is real!
Conclusion: The TOR node "knuffel" is down and will not come back. Please remove it from the directory. All my contact addresses and online
identities related to this kind of stuff will be closed next time.
I have a german website with some stuff about anonymity. It will go down in 2-3 weeks. May be, some german gay want to download and
save some of my work. I will prepare an offline version of the website:
 Karsten N. Jetzt neu! Sch?tzen Sie Ihren PC mit McAfee und WEB.DE. 3 Monate
kostenlos testen.

@_date: 2007-06-18 15:07:47
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: HTTP-mirror for incognito-live-CD 
there is a faster HTTP-mirror for the icognito live CD online. You may
add it to the project page. I will watch the OR-Talk for update
announces and update the mirror as soon as possible:
You may use SSL encrypted download too:
The certificate of the server is signed by StartCom.org. No problems
with FF and Konqueror, but it seems, IE does not like it.
--------- little bit off-topic ----------
At freshmeat.net you may find a small SMTP-server for mixminion written
in Perl:
It relays outbound emails from your favorite email client to the
mixminion remailer network. It is possible, to start the server as
daemon at boot time. The archiv contains a Sys-V-init script. By default
the server is listen at 127.0.0.1:8026 for incoming SMTP requests.
May be, it is possible to add it to incognito? (for Thunderbird users)
------------ end off-topic -------------------
Karsten N.

@_date: 2007-06-18 15:58:07
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: HTTP-mirror for incognito-live-CD 
Pat Double schrieb:
Please add it to the download page. The server "awxcnx" is stable.
My Thunderbird (1.5.0.12) does not allow the using of sendmail, only
SMTP. Thats why I wrote the the SMTP servers for mixminion and mixmaster.
Karsten N.

@_date: 2007-03-22 09:20:37
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: Using Tor at an on-line advocacy org 
I have no problems sending e-mail over the tor network. The used
SMTP-servers provide SSL-encryption for SMTP (port 486) or TLS encrypted
submission (port 587). It seems, for these ports are exit nodes available.
I use Thunderbird with Privoxy+TOR as proxy and the following tor
related options in the privoxy config:
forward-socks4a  /  localhost:9050 .
forwarded-connect-retries      1
I got never a timeout over more the 3 month.
Karsten N.

@_date: 2007-03-29 20:13:17
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: Please add to "download" section of homepage 
Am Donnerstag, 29. M?rz 2007 12:15 schrieb JT:
I think, it is better to set the referer  information to the base of the actual website. It does not break down so many websites.
Firefox user may use the the plug-in "RefControl", it is more easy to change and save the settings for a few websites, which need a real referer:
A nice user agent switcher is "uagen" for privoxy written by Fabian Keil:
  (Debian package)
(both sites only in german, may be, some know a english site)
Karsten N.

@_date: 2007-05-01 11:33:30
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: Exiting only port 80 
Am Montag, 30. April 2007 22:53 schrieb Mike Cardwell:
I think, many users use or like to use TOR for email to. I mean the connections for looking into the mailbox, the ports 995 and 465. It comes with not much traffic.
I think, it is an important anonymity feature for my communication and  it is possible, open this ports on an exit server too. Please remember, TOR is not only important for surfing. I understand your thinking of the higher amounts of bandwidth by minority of ptp-users, but there are other protokolls like POP3, IRC too.
Karsten N.

@_date: 2007-05-11 15:36:52
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: TOR for try without install 
Hash: SHA1
The TOR server "knuffel" offers the possibility to try TOR without
installation of the software. It runs Privoxy and TOR. Privoxy is listen
at 85.25.141.60 port 8080.
Set the proxy in your browser to 85.25.141.60:8080.
