
@_date: 2007-11-10 14:04:37
@_author: Alexander Bernhard 
@_subject: 20090101 
They will not just ask you for the logfiles. YOU will have to find out which
ip-address was routed on your server on a more-or-less specific timewindow
in the last 6 month and with which ip-address the data was forwarded to the
next router.
If you can not provide this information you will be charged by law. In my
opinion, as an tor-operator you will not be punished for the maximum years
of inprisonment or the highest money fee possible ... but it could be hard
enough if you have a previous conviction in your police file stating you to
be "involved in computer crime and a possible terrorist" :-(
And yes, they of cource put some terms into the TKG to whom the information
is available:
"Zur Erf?llung ihrer gesetzlichen Aufgaben haben eine Vielzahl von Stellen
Zugriff auf diese Bestandsdaten (?? 112, 113 TKG): Gerichte,
Strafverfolgungsbeh?rden, Polizeivollzugsbeh?rden des Bundes und der L?nder
f?r Zwecke der Gefahrenabwehr, Zollkriminalamt und Zollfahndungs?mter f?r
Zwecke eines Strafverfahrens, Zollkriminalamt zur Vorbereitung und
Durchf?hrung von Ma?nahmen nach ? 39 des Au?enwirtschaftsgesetzes,
Verfassungsschutzbeh?rden des Bundes und der L?nder, Milit?rischer
Abschirmdienst, Bundesnachrichtendienst, Notrufabfragestellen, Bundesanstalt
f?r Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, Zollverwaltung zur
Schwarzarbeitsbek?mpfung."(found at
Sorry for not translating the german text, but perhaps you can see that it
is not only one institution and not only courts ...
There are really bad times coming up in Germany ...
Alexander Bernhard
Hash: SHA512
   I assume that they made sure to put one, or more, "make available to
the state" cause in there?
   If not, I'm just wondering how they'd react if I do log (as
required), and if they want the logs, I send them a

@_date: 2009-05-26 18:39:07
@_author: Alexander Bernhard 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Mail majordomo at seul.org, with "unsubscribe or-talk" in the message body.
(This information is posted in the headers of every mail on this list ...)
Steffan Wood schrieb:
