
@_date: 2008-08-17 08:47:03
@_author: bev 
@_subject: The "de-Tor-iorate Anonymity" talk by Nathan Evans at DEFCON 16 
I can't unsubscribe from this group - help! -----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Roger Dingledine
Sent: Sunday, August 17, 2008 2:03 AM
Yep. I talked to Nate about it earlier that day, and also talked to
Christian (his advisor) beforehand.
Actually, Tor still allows this attack. In 0.2.1.3-alpha, we fixed most of
the problem:
    - Implement most of proposal 110: The first K cells to be sent
      along a circuit are marked as special "early" cells; only K "early"
      cells will be allowed. Once this code is universal, we can block
      certain kinds of DOS attack by requiring that EXTEND commands must
      be sent using an "early" cell.
but the current plan is to wait until 0.1.2.x and 0.2.0.x are obsolete
before doing the last step. That means the attack will still work for the
next 6-9 months.
The reasoning for why this delay is acceptable is that there are (alas)
plenty of other attacks we're still working on that might be just as
effective as this one.
Right. Note that in this particular version of the attack, they assumed that
the attacker runs the website and the exit relay, so they learn the middle
relay for free, and they're only aiming to uncover the entry relay. The
original attack (from 2005) just assumed that the attacker runs the website.
I bet this version could be adapted to find multiple relays, but this
particular paper didn't do that.
Also note that the attack turns Tor into a *network* of single-hop proxies.
If there's only one single-hop proxy, then it can be more readily attacked
than if there are 500 single-hop proxies and you don't know which one your
target will pick. It's a subtle distinction but still one worth clarifying.
I think using 4 nodes in a circuit would foil this particular variation of
the attack, but adapting the attack to handle it wouldn't be so hard. Using
a variable number of nodes in the circuit could help though, because the
attacker wouldn't know how many matches they're hunting for.
As far as I know, the only analysis that has happened for this class of
attacks is building your own circuit (so you already know which relay is the
one you're supposed to find), then measuring the relays and showing that the
relay you were looking at scores high in terms of a match.
Nobody to my knowledge has done the analysis to measure them all and look at
false positives, false negatives, etc. That would be good to do.
(Actually, not til 0.2.1.x or 0.2.2.x probably)
Disabling javascript wouldn't do it, since the "generate a recognizable
signal" step could be done using refreshes, just a single large file sent in
a certain traffic pattern, or probably other ways.
Similarly, I don't think these would do it.
Good summary.
