
@_date: 2014-10-27 09:48:55
@_author: Gigi Bigio 
@_subject: [tor-talk] recent firefox releases 
registered user
bigio81 at cheapnet.it Dear Sirs,
as far as I understand, recent Firefox releases do not support anymore Vidalia and its related possibility to browse anonymously. Though the "onion" button is still present on the top left corner, it will not work, as you know.
The alternative is to use Tor Browser. The problem is that you don't always want or need to browse anonymously every time you connect to internet and have then to wait for a few seconds (30+) your browser till it gets the line through its Tor.
Of course Icould use and older version of Firefox, like release 4, for instance, but this is far to old for a satisfactory and safe browsing.
So what can I do? I can not have two different versions of Firefox (i.e. Tor Browser + Firefox 31) on my PC, because they interfere the one with the other, trying to share, for example, the same Extensions folder and so on.
The alternative is to use two different browsers, like Chrome and Tor Browser. But what about if I only wanted to use Firefox? Is'n there a way to have a version of Firefox with the option to browse anonymously on demand only anymore?

@_date: 2014-10-28 15:25:35
@_author: Gigi Bigio 
@_subject: [tor-talk] {Spam?} Re:  recent firefox releases 
Thanks Roger for your prompt reply.
Indeed you were right. I deleted all the installations I had on my PC and started from a new clean one, adding Firefox 33 and then Tor browser 4. I then added addons+favourites and everything worked fine, with no interferences anymore. However, when you have a moment, I'd need to be clarified about this:
- first I must say I had a look around internet and found quite a few suggestions, but none of them appeared to be satisfactory or totally reassuring. The problem is that I often travel, for work reasons, in Arabian countries where, as you can imagine, censorship is quite strong and dangerous. First time I tried to download Tor from there (i was in Quatar in 2008) I had to struggle a few hours to find the way around. Now the problem is that occasionally they could detect the use of Tor, as they recently did in Iran and then set up one more barrier to it. On the other hand they also try to prosecute those (not yet foreigners people) caught to use it. So I'd like to obfuscate my Tor (or Tor Browser) usage if possible, not to mention my IP address of course.
I've managed so far to hide my IP, which is easy. I can not find a way to hide the use of Tor.
Don't rush to reply, but if you have a suggestion, please let me have it.
My OS is Windows XP Pro, (sorry, but I can not get rid of it)
Thanks again.
  ----- Original Message -----   From: Roger Dingledine   To: tor-talk at lists.torproject.org   Sent: Monday, October 27, 2014 12:20 PM
  Subject: {Spam?} Re: [tor-talk] recent firefox releases
  > as far as I understand, recent Firefox releases do not support anymore
  >Vidalia and its related possibility to browse anonymously. Though the
  >"onion" button is still present on the top left corner, it will not work,
  >as you know.
  Vidalia was just a program to help you visualize what's going on with
  Tor, and help you launch your Tor program. It didn't have anything to
  do with Firefox.
  But yes, you're right that long ago the Torbutton extension provided a way
  to switch your Firefox between "using Tor" and "not using Tor". But that
  turned out to be hard to keep safe:
    and in retrospect it was probably a good decision:
    > The alternative is to use Tor Browser. The problem is that you don't
  >always want or need to browse anonymously every time you connect to
  >internet and have then to wait for a few seconds (30+) your browser till
  >it gets the line through its Tor.
  Have you tried the recent Tor Browser releases? They start much faster
  for me than the old ones.
  > Of course Icould use and older version of Firefox, like release 4,
  >for instance, but this is far to old for a satisfactory and safe browsing.
  Agreed, this is not a wise choice.
  > So what can I do? I can not have two different versions of Firefox
  >(i.e. Tor Browser + Firefox 31) on my PC, because they interfere the
  >one with the other, trying to share, for example, the same Extensions
  >folder and so on.
  This is exactly what many of us do. Tor Browser is designed to not
  interfere with your other Firefox install. They shouldn't be interfering
  in any way. If they are, either you're using it wrong (in which case
  maybe there's a usability issue we can fix), or there's a bug that it
  would be great to hear about.
  --Roger
  --   tor-talk mailing list - tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
  To unsubscribe or change other settings go to
