
@_date: 2006-09-17 18:45:48
@_author: Blackbeard 
@_subject: Tor crashes ZoneAlarm 
There is the problem that even if one were to verify that ZoneAlarm was not connecting on startup with a sniffer such as ethereal, it does not rule out the possibility of this occuring at other times say at 12:00 am each day, or at the first of the month. It is really hard to rule this sort of thing out unless the application is open source.  I think people should at least be aware of that risk and know that if the results of such a test came back negative, it does nto necessarily mean there is no phoning home occuring with the Zone alarm application.
Join Excite! - The most personalized portal on the Web!

@_date: 2006-09-18 00:10:43
@_author: Blackbeard 
@_subject: Earthlink's broken DNS affecting Tor nodes? 
Just wanted to let the person with the Earthlink DNS issue know that apparently they set up some servers not doing the redirection:
"As Dave mentioned last week, we've been working to tune the configuration of dead domain handling to address the issues some EarthLink customers have been experiencing during the rollout. We've been able to mitigate a number of issues, but we've also recognized that some of them such as certain problems with VPN access are not easily addressed through configuration changes in our dead domain system. For customers who are still experiencing issues, we've set aside a pair of servers that will remain outside of our standard DNS system. If you have a need to stay clear of our dead domain handling, just point your DNS servers to:
207.69.188.171 (west coast)
207.69.188.172 (east coast)
If you're west of the Mississippi, use the west coast DNS server as your primary and the east coast as secondary. And vice-versa for those of you in the eastern U.S.
This is a self-service solution, and it creates a mechanism for those users who choose to opt out to do so. These servers have been set aside to resolve problems you may be having, but this isn't something that you'll be able to get customer support help with."
Also, my appologies for some apparent format issues (and the sig problem) using excite on the list.  I will likely switch email accounts.
Join Excite! - The most personalized portal on the Web!

@_date: 2006-09-21 18:33:14
@_author: Blackbeard 
@_subject: Is switching IP addresses regularly beneficial as exit node? 
I was considering that sometimes Toris banned or otherwise tracked by some of the services which end users make use of.  Would it be beneficial for me to change the IP address at a regular interval in order to help prevent this banning or blocking?
I imagine that a negative of doing this would be a period of time where the directory would be wrong, thus my exit node being unreachable for a period of time until updated.  Also perhaps it is better that other sites are able to block the exit nodes from using their services.
Any thoughts from veteren exit node operators or developers on this one?
Join Excite! - The most personalized portal on the Web!
