
@_date: 2007-12-29 21:09:51
@_author: blau 
@_subject: virtues of middlemen 
Eugen Leitl ha scritto:
Not only that. If you run a service on the public net, say a website, it
makes sense to run a Tor middleman node on the same host. This way users
can reach your service anonymously - without the risks of passing
through an exit relay.

@_date: 2007-11-24 22:00:50
@_author: blau 
@_subject: Tor blocking german nodes 
Marco A. Calamari ha scritto:
Most of the Internet links wordlwide go through the US, so it makes
sense for US intelligence to tap it there (see recent AT&T taps with
Narus equipment).
As a Tor exit relay is an opportunity for tapping traffic, it makes
perfetc sense for China to setup Tor exit relays and gain competitive
advantage in analyzing that part of the network traffic.
China does not route a significant portion of internet traffic, it has
no foothold in any of the key data exchanges worldwide. Setting up a few
hundred exit relays in mainland China gets you instant insigth into
sensitive traffic worldwide.
(by the way, China could also set up exit relays in the US and
everywere, it's cheap)
Let's see if the design of Tor can cope with a challenge of such a scale.
My guess is that countries like China would rather be better served by
not disrupting the Tor network (with misleading exit policies,
connection timeouts etc) so that they can analyze the traffic that goes
through. Of course, they would make sure their own citizen could not
reach the Tor network themselves.
I would like the torproject website to be more explicit warning users
about privacy issues: don't do any cleartext authentication, don't do
any ssl authentication if you are not able to check the authenticity of
the certificates.
As for Germany, let's see what the german citizens do about this law,
there is still plenty of room for optimism.

@_date: 2008-08-18 15:00:01
@_author: blau 
@_subject: The pirate bay, torrent and TOR 
Noiano ha scritto:
It should be possible with Azureus:

@_date: 2008-07-14 21:16:30
@_author: blau 
@_subject: Exit node connection statistics 
mplsfox02 at sneakemail.com ha scritto:
Three lines of thought come to my mind:
Point # 1: to be relevant, a statement about an exit node should allow
For example, if you say you collect and publish traffic stats of your
exit node, you should provide your node's nick and publish that info in
a way that everybody can check, e.g. in a web page on the node's IP
address (BTW, this won't influence your traffic stats since users would
connect to an IP that has a Tor node on it).
Point # 2: bad exit nodes exist, Tor is designed to limit the impact of
a bad node on overall anonymity. Moreover, Tor clients can use the
ExcludeNodes directive to avoid using known bad nodes.
The Tor Exit Scanner project, moreover, wants to "notice misconfigured,
broken, and even malicious exit relays".
Traffic analysis is bad for anonymity, so if i can prove that node X
does traffic inspection, I would avoid using that node.
Point # 3: curiosity about one's own relay traffic is normal. You can
use ntop, IDS software or whatever to inspect your exit traffic: the bad
things will always stand out (ssh scans, web attacks, bittorrent tracker
traffic) while the normal users will go unnoticed. This is especially
true if you have an NIDS.
When you run an exit relay for the public, you should accept that a
small fraction of the traffic may be undesirable. If ExitPolicy is not
enough for you, you can run a middleman relay.
We can improve the situation by spreading Tor among everyday users and
fostering the diversity of its user base. The lame/nice user ratio is
very low and it reflects the actual usage patterns on the Internet.

@_date: 2008-03-20 18:49:36
@_author: blau 
@_subject: Sudden increase in number of Tor nodes 
Mike . ha scritto:
Any major press highlight, or word-of-mouth campaign, in any country?
Or something non-Tor that motivates people to work around blocks and censorshi, for example, the Hong Kong sex pictures scandal?

@_date: 2008-03-04 18:32:14
@_author: blau 
@_subject: I am at my wits end, I cant register for account at digg.com 
malcontent discontent ha scritto:
Most probably it's a javascript issue.
You probably use Firefox+Torbutton which by default disable javascript.
The digg registration page uses a CAPTCHA, but if the javascript that triggers it is disabled, you can't complete the registration.
See the "Are you human?" line, in the registration page.
I use to have a similar problem with blog comments in blogger.com
Enabling javascript may display the CAPTCHA, but exposes you to attacks and lowers your anonimity chances.
