
@_date: 2013-10-04 15:30:07
@_author: BM-2cWto4coLsoD6LrFmFcUeBAua7UU2gvTSR@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI 
Stack Overflow, ah the code forum on the website. Ok. I see. ---- Original Message ----
 From: "Jerzy ?ogiewa"  To: tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
 Sent: Fri, Oct 4, 2013, 11:26 AM
 Subject: Re: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI
So now we know Stack Overflow works with police.
Jerzy ?ogiewa -- jerzyma at interia.eu (mailto:jerzyma at interia.eu)
"The clues didn't stop there. In early March 2012 someone created an
account on StackOverflow with the username Ross Ulbricht and the
rossulbricht at gmail.com (mailto:rossulbricht at gmail.com) address, the criminal complaint alleged. On
March 16 at 8:39 in the morning, the account was used to post a
message titled "How can I connect to a Tor hidden service using curl
in php?" Less than one minute later, the account was updated to change
the user name from Ross Ulbricht to "frosty." Several weeks later, the
account was again updated, this time to replace the Ulbricht gmail
address with frosty at frosty.com (mailto:frosty at frosty.com). In July 2013, a forensic analysis of
the hard drives used to run one of the Silk Road servers revealed a
PHP script based on curl that contained code that was identical to
that included in the Stack Overflow discussion, the complaint alleged."

@_date: 2013-10-04 15:37:13
@_author: BM-2cWto4coLsoD6LrFmFcUeBAua7UU2gvTSR@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI 
Not necessarily, as long VPN provider doesn't keep logs of your traffic. Like for instance, Phantom Peer works wonderfully since you can use bitcoin for their service.
Create a different username that's wouldn't link back to you. :)
---- Original Message ----
 From: "Jerzy ?ogiewa"  To: tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
 Sent: Fri, Oct 4, 2013, 11:26 AM
 Subject: Re: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI
Why use VPN at all? Isnt VPN some strange problem? So strange: people keep using the VPN service, but i guess Tor does it better?
Jerzy ?ogiewa -- jerzyma at interia.eu (mailto:jerzyma at interia.eu)
As for VPN, I know several VPN doesn't keep logs at all regardless if they
were subpoenaed or not. And of course, IP is not always static which is a
good thing. And most of the virtual server is located outside of US. When
paying for service, they only accept bitcoin that couldn't be traced back
to me which is a good thing. Of course, USE FAKE EMAIL, and use a different

@_date: 2013-10-04 17:07:08
@_author: BM-2cWto4coLsoD6LrFmFcUeBAua7UU2gvTSR@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI 
Pretty much.. US is desperate for world control. BEYOND DESPERATION! US is SO hell-bent on a conquest to control the world through deceptions, treaties, and sanctions.
---- Original Message ----
 From: "Tempest"  To: tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
 Sent: Fri, Oct 4, 2013, 12:56 PM
 Subject: Re: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI
Juan Garofalo:
So that the company can be blacklisted as clowns who cooperate with
the US government, unlike a few principled individuals out there?
if you trust a vpn, what does that say about you? outting vpns for being
put into the situation of either complying with the law or facing
criminal sanctions themselves is counter productive. if one is truly
concerned about their anonymity, they shouldn't use a vpn. this is just
another example of why.
VFEmail.net -  (
$24.95 ONETIME Lifetime accounts with Privacy Features!  15GB disk! No bandwidth quotas!
Commercial and Bulk Mail Options!

@_date: 2013-10-06 03:19:31
@_author: BM-2cWto4coLsoD6LrFmFcUeBAua7UU2gvTSR@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI 
If there is any wiretap in place to monitor VPN then it would instantly drop the connection because encryption has been tampered with - that's the whole design for VPN. Once a VPN server detects a line that has been tampered with, it will drop the connection and proceed to create a new connection. ---- Original Message ----
 From: "mirimir"  To: tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
 Sent: Sun, Oct 6, 2013, 02:41 AM
 Subject: Re: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI
BM-2cWto4coLsoD6LrFmFcUeBAua7UU2gvTSR at bitmessage.ch (mailto:BM-2cWto4coLsoD6LrFmFcUeBAua7UU2gvTSR at bitmessage.ch):
Not necessarily, as long VPN provider doesn't keep logs of your
traffic. Like for instance, Phantom Peer works wonderfully since you
can use bitcoin for their service.
Sorry, but no.
It is easy to order a wiretap on the VPN uplinks (without even the
VPN operators knowing it) and to match packets going in and out.
Nobody is plausibly claiming that VPN services are as anonymous as Tor
is. However, it's just as easy to tap uplinks for Tor routers. But of
course, there are (probably) many more Tor routers than VPN services.
And Tor routers are distributed among several spheres of influence, some
of which don't cooperate readily.
Still, if one uses nested VPN tunnels from multiple providers in
suitably chosen spheres of influence, it will be nontrivial for
adversaries to install enough taps. Going through China, for example,
would be a serious roadblock for US-aligned TLAs. Even with four nested
VPN tunnels, latency and bandwidth are far better than using Tor.
Finally, it's not either/or. It's easy to include Tor in nested VPN
configurations. Latency is typically over two seconds, but bandwidth is
adequate, especially for UDP traffic.
