
@_date: 2016-02-02 05:44:00
@_author: BM-2cTPSBeTK5RpF8A9ymciUDMaX61KzvzJu6@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] (no subject) 
Dear Tor developers,
I am sorry to ask such a basic question but I am confused by
whether I should have the Tor browser set to;
a. Temporary allow this page
b. Revoke Temporary Permissions
c. allow scripts globally
After I downloaded the Tor's browser a few days ago it was working perfectly
but I did not notice after the download which of the three settings above
was set.
Today I perhaps made the error of changing the setting to revoke temporary
permissions, but after I did this an encrypted email website I just began
to use stated that it would not allow access because JavaScript needed to
After changing the setting to "Temporary allow this page" then I could
again access email in one encrypted email service.  However now I can no
longer access another encrypted email service (an impressive one)which has
been working perfectly for me for weeks.
So please inform me which setting I should be using.  (Or alternatively I
could delete the Tor browser and just install it again to see the initial
Also, I thought it would be helpful to forward some important information
I just encountered today.  Please read the ARS Technica article at the
link below.  I found this by way of a Reddit thread.
Tor is a tremendous service and everyone certainly appreciates your
diligent efforts.
Thank you and I am looking forward to your assistance.

@_date: 2016-02-03 01:23:44
@_author: BM-2cTPSBeTK5RpF8A9ymciUDMaX61KzvzJu6@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Recommended setting for NoScript's Javascript? 
I'm embarrassed I didn't notice the JavaScript explanation in the FAQ's.
Also thank you for the info on the ARS Technica points.
I have noticed in looking at a few more secure email services that they
either have access without JavaScript enabled but don't have built in
encryption, or the reverse, encryption provided but access only with Java
Script enabled.  If you are aware of a service with both attributes it
would be interesting to check it out.
Thank you for your very clear explanation Roger, it was very helpful.

@_date: 2016-03-08 02:21:50
@_author: BM-2cTPSBeTK5RpF8A9ymciUDMaX61KzvzJu6@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tails persistence locks up 
Dear Developers,
First I must state that I am new to Linux as well as Tails but I'm
excited to use it.  I do have Linux Mint with persistence on one usb, and
enjoyed using it.
However recently used the convenient Tails installer to download 2.0.1 to
a another 16 GB external drive.  I set a good password for persistence and
I have accessed persistence several times.  Of course I'm also able to
access non-persistence.  I need to use a password to access a local ISP
and as explained in Tails documentation (while using non persistence)I
briefly used the unsafe browser only to insert my ISP password, and after
that I used Tor browser exclusively.
However unfortunately my problem is with the persistent volume.  When I
next started my computer with the Tails drive, I inserted my persistent
password and persistence opened without a problem.  After connecting my
wifi, I waited until the system clock was synchronized.
I then clicked on the unsafe browser icon so I could briefly access my ISP
to login.  When the warning message asked if I really want to launch the
unsafe browser I attempted to click "launch", but at this moment I
realized that my entire Tails screen was no longer active and everything
was in what I call locked up mode.  No icon on the entire screen is
active, not even the one to shut down.  Surprisingly when I pushed my esc
key the unsafe browser window popped up, but it too was inactive.  I felt
I had no choice but to shut down my computer using the computers on/off
I next accessed Tails non persistence again but was surprised that this
also locked up when attempting to access the unsafe browser.
A later attempt to access the unsafe browser in non persistence worked
perfectly, and perhaps this occurred after I used my Windows 7, and later
shut down and inserted my Tails usb.
In every attempt when in persistence I have tried to access the unsafe
browser so I can login to my local ISP but the same thing occurs each
time, locking of the entire screen and no apparent way to resolve the
issue and proceed.  Oh and at times without clicking unsafe browser icon I
did try to access my local ISP using the Tor browser but I was unable to
access the ISP homepage.
So I hope someone can take a moment to assist me and explain if I have
done something wrong, and if there is a way for me to resolve this
unfortunate and frustrating issue.  I greatly respect Tails and Tor, so I
am confident this can be resolved.
Thank you in advance for any assistance you can provide.
