
@_date: 2014-08-22 14:38:49
@_author: BM-2cVvnFWSftFx8dv12L8z8PjejmtrjYjnUY@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR tried to take a snapshot of my screen 
I have TOR 3.6.3 installed in a Windows XP computer that is used almost
just for it with very few additional software installed.
My understanding is that a potential attacker will test his
exploit/approach against most of the security software available, but
possibly will not be able to test against ALL of them, so I have a
miscelaneous of popular and not popular security software installed in the
same computer; among them is a not so common anti spyware called Zemana.
I am using TOR browser and Zemana for years and I am familiar with the
behaviour of both.
The TOR I am running has just the extensions that comes with it; no
additional extension was installed; no plug-in is installed.
I have proper licenses to run all the software, including Zemana, so no
crack or other suspicious tool was ever used.
Zemana is a quiet software and I can not remember about any single fake
Few days ago, while browsing with TOR, I got a shocking alert from Zemana:
TOR TRIED TO TAKE A SNAPSHOT OF MY SCREEN.
As Zemana allow me, I did block such screen capture and TOR crashed
By this crash I understand that TOR really tried to capture my screen.
I restarted TOR with a new identity, changed the identity many times but
TOR repeated the same behaviour a number of times with the screen capture
try-Zemana block-TOR crash. Change the identity just does not works for
such attacker.
The script funcions were always blocked by NoScript 2.6.8.36.
On the following days I used TOR again, without any change in my system or
software, accessing the same web sites but the attack no longer took
I verified the MD5 signature for the TOR browser (firefox.exe) and it is
unchanged, i.e, it is as distributed by torproject.org
The TOR 3.6.3 was downloaded from the TOR project web site, and not from
other servers.
The install package torbrowser-install-3.6.3_en-US.exe has the MD5
signature: 9529C5A633CF0CF6201662CA12630A04
I have the installer in my files for any forensic work.
I am sending some screens with the Zemana log, where is possible to see
the TOR MD5 signature (firefox.exe; FC19E4AFB0E68BD4D25745A57AE14047) and
the logged behaviour ("screenlogger"), the TOR version, TOR button and the
Zemana version screens, and the extensions and plug-ins existing in my TOR
install (just to confirm that nothing strange is there). They are
available to download here:
Seems that TOR has hidden server capabilities, a back door that allow a
remote operator take snap shot of the screen and possible perform other
actions (record mic, turn on the webcam, ...).
I think TOR can protect the users from many enemies, but at the same time
it is a perfect tool to attract, identify and log very specific (users)
This may explain also the, until now, unclear role and objectives of the
US goverment by funding the TOR Project.
Seems that hardly will be possible to identify suck attacker as it
probably comes from the TOR network itself, but I am considering a
trap/honney pot just in case this repeats.
I am an entusiast of privacy tools and TOR is not used for any kind of
unlawful purposes, is unlikely that I will attract attention from public
authorities and I am not worried with any data such attacker eventually
may have had access.
Hope this information may help to improve the TOR community security and
in some point in the future we will able to find a solution for this back

@_date: 2014-08-25 11:22:27
@_author: BM-2cVvnFWSftFx8dv12L8z8PjejmtrjYjnUY@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR tried to take a snapshot of my screen 
I will answer messages sent by different list members. Check for yours:
This is not a hoax and is not a mistake.
The incident happend at different web pages that had been accessed before
many times without any incident.
The Zemana is the same version I am running since December 2013, i.e., it
is running for around 8 months without any incident.
Ar regular sites at the surface web that is accessed by many TOR users.
Sorry, I can not provide more specific information that may facilitate my
Again... I am using the same Zemana version for around 8 months without
any incident and acessing the same web sites.
So it is not a canvas access problem.
I will be very surprice if any web site is capable to generate such alert,
especially without to be able to run any script.
If both links are broken this means that somebody is doing a big effort to
prevent the file access.
The reason I uploaded to hosts is because the Tor Project team blocked my
attempt to send as attachment to this list.
By this you may also understand that the Tor Project team was aware about
my report two days in advance than the list members.
The uploaded file is a ZIP with a number of JPG images inside. As far as I
know both file types are safe.
I did a new upload to a popular JPG hosting service. Here they are:
     (Zemana log)
     (Zemana version)
My report with detailed information including the Zemana log showing that
firefox.exe tried to record my screen seems to be a very good evidence.
What more one may provide? Is somebody expecting a NSA or Tor Project
written confirmation?
Why will USA fund the development of a tool that can be used by its enemies?
You may have a doubt about the Tor backdoor. I don't.
What we have here is very simple: who pays gives the orders!
I guess inside the rerouting net is a kind of automatic tool to spy Tor
users and, in addition, the (humans) operators my pick users at will for
additional checks. Just my guess.
The Tor Project team is already working to resolve... keeping total
silence until everybody forgets my report with, for me a PROOF, for
everybody else an EVIDENCE, that TOR was spotted in flagrant while trying
to record my screen.
I am not connected with the message with subject "Third-parties tracking
me on Tor".
I paid attention on it too. Strange to have an ambiguous message send to
the list exactly one day after my first try (blocked by Tor Project team)
to report to this list.
I am not trolling this list.
I am providing serious information.
Do not seems that is the case otherwise the Zemana alert would be
generated on regular basis.
Oh yes, we will see many "news and leaks" reporting the "efforts" of NSA
and GCHQ to break TOR and bla-bla-bla.
Just desinformation to keeps the TOR credibility.
While may (or may not) provide some protection against USA enemies, TOR
provides NO PROTECTION against USA and friends.
TOR is a spy tool to spy on YOU!
Hope more users will start to use Zemana and other anti-spyware and more
reports about this problem arrives.

@_date: 2014-08-28 12:51:24
@_author: bm-2cvvnfwsftfx8dv12l8z8pjejmtrjyjnuy@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR tried to take a snapshot of my screen 
I will answer many e-mails in this message. Look for yours:
In an universe of so many interaction problems among programs, TOR must
have a more than suspicious "problem"?
Why not just a memory conflict or something less suspicious?
And why Tor Project keeps total silence about the subject?
They did not even did a try to understand what happend. Tor Project team
do not have to spend time on that because they know very well that there
is nothing wrong. Tor browser is doing exactly what it was designed to
do, and the backdoor to spy on users is part of it.
If a large portion of Tor users start to use anti-spyware software like
Zemana I am sure that reports on Tor spying will come every day.
Why never anybody did it? I will be surprise if somebody can take and compile all the pieces and,
at the end, have the same hashes.
TOR spotted taking a screen snapshot for you is a conspiracy? What kind of proof are you expecting? Are you expecting a written confirmatin from Tor Project or NSA? Take a
seat and wait.
According the google cache for such page, there is another report of TOR
spying by recording the screen.
Your information that is "solved" is fake. Nothing has been resolved, no
explanation was given.
What is there is a second confirmation about the TOR backdoor.
Exactly as I was expecting and predicted.
Tor Project is keeping total silence on the subject while who is behind
the TOR backdoor is sending some of (the dumbest) the best staff they
have for some personal attacks.
