
@_date: 2013-08-28 05:46:58
@_author: BM-2D8jTRi23DYth7WhMALDHSVhdFWP91ZcqA@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Risks of using custom .onion addresses 
I'm wondering how safe is it to use custom hidden service names (.onion).
I'm not asking this for public hidden services but for private ones (only
for myself or for friends). Using an easy to remember address just for
using TorChat could be a good example. Or it could be a personal cloud on
a hidden service.
I'm actually wondering, who and how many people-server knows-learn about
my hidden service name, this is necessary to connect to a hidden service,
right? Can they be trusted or not?
Some specific examples for my question could be, myrealnamexxxxxx.onion
homeaddressxxxxx.onion mycitynamexxxxxx.onion etc. which I'm asking, is it
ok for the "private" addresses to contain such risky information?
Another question is, let's say I create and use some custom addresses
where each contain the same prefixes (or suffixes or simply have any
connection) like customnameasdasd.onion customname123123.onion
customname123456.onion etc. Can anybody notice that some people are using
some probably related custom .onion addresses at some certain times. Is
this kind of usage risky?
There might be more examples about the risks of using custom addresses.
Please answer in detail as this could be useful for many people.

@_date: 2013-08-29 11:25:56
@_author: BM-2D8jTRi23DYth7WhMALDHSVhdFWP91ZcqA@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Referers being sent from hidden service websites 
I also opened a ticket: Currently, when browsing on a hidden service website, when you click on a
clearnet/hidden service link it sends the current address as referer.
This is not only an issue about users being tracked.
It's also bad for owners of hidden services as the addresses are getting
discovered. Maybe the user was on a private website which nobody should
learn, or at least on a private webpage on a public website.
Or maybe the referer could include login credentials, or other dangerous
The current behavior doesn't really fit well with the "hidden service" idea.
My suggestion is to install
 I believe it
doesn't break anything major (it has a whitelist feature which is very
short and includes disqus.com and github.com) and just adds another
protection against tracking. This would be an easy and general solution
for both hidden and clearnet websites.

@_date: 2013-08-30 20:04:26
@_author: BM-2D8jTRi23DYth7WhMALDHSVhdFWP91ZcqA@bitmessage.ch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Referers being sent from hidden service websites 
Yes, it's better to forge the referer, smart referer does that by default.
What do you people think about the idea to implement smart referer as
default for hidden services, but integrate the option to use it for all
websites (including clearnet) in the proposed security slider.
