
@_date: 2012-11-15 19:51:14
@_author: george torwell 
@_subject: [tor-talk] torchat for chat room? 
hi, how about an IRC server running as a hidden service?
you could even use ssl with it (but since the key has to be blindly trusted
by others,
that doesn't add much over the encryption and prevention of MITM attacks
that Tor will already provide you with.)
people on the server who seek a private chat could use OTR on top of that.
and you get to use code that has been probably reviewed more than cryptoCat.
though that will probably change at some point.
(that is not to be disrespectful of cryptoCat or anyone behind it!)
plus you get the ability to handout users, have them use authentication,
and ban whoever disrupts or infiltrates your server.
i haven't seen these features with cryptoCat. (i may be wrong)

@_date: 2012-11-16 07:30:04
@_author: george torwell 
@_subject: [tor-talk] torchat for chat room? 
"the difference between being a newbie and being on the cutting edge
is only that a newbie accepts not knowing as proof of not being able to
know." -someone, sometime ago.
i really want to encourage you to experiment, feel free to mail me if you
think i can help with anything.
also, if the privacy and anonymity needs are not purely academic,
experiment a lot before committing to a setup.
good luck!

@_date: 2012-11-17 13:12:18
@_author: george torwell 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Private mail server (Was: i saw your response on the 
thanks, i've already went the VPS way since i already got one set up as an
exit node.
adding dovecot to get imap and all the other protocols with the extra 's'
which will hopefully be more secure than just postfix.
it also takes care of the open relay problem that you rightfully mention.
only problem so far is that since it shares an ip with a Tor relay, gmail
will treat it as spam.
if we are already on the list:
my intention is to one day to offer anonymous email services gratis to
whoever will ask for an account.
account requests will be handled over TorChat or a simillar hidden service
so that i wont know who the users are.
users will be encouraged to log in through Tor+webmail, hidden service, or
something like Torbirdy+thunderbird.
and since my promise to respect others privacy is worthless, users will be
encouraged to use GPG.
if anyone has any wisdom to share, i really want to hear about it.
 thanks

@_date: 2012-11-18 16:19:58
@_author: george torwell 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Private mail server (Was: i saw your response on the 
true, but looking at the massive amounts of government's requests from say,
google for inbox content.
i would say that storing your own mail will help a lot.
of course, i don't know the true magnitude of interceptions, and encryption
is a must to hide content.
but it seems to me that practically, to make it harder to intercept
metadata like who is mailing who,
(which, in case of political dissent really is all the government needs to
since that if i talk to a known activist, i should probably be
a personal mail server can help.
its not perfect, but so far the overhead of such a server doesnt seem too
high to be worth it.
plus, once its working well, i can expand it to say 200 people easily.
if every one of 200 citizens would do that, we would get such decentralized
that it will probably require intercepting a lot more. rather than a single
'national security letter' from an agent.
lets poke big brother in the eye :)

@_date: 2012-10-27 18:43:56
@_author: george torwell 
@_subject: [tor-talk] legal status 
Hi guys, I have a quick question regarding the following blog entry:
the last part states that Bit-torrent traffic can be trivially identified
to originate at the user's ip.
As an exit node operator, I get those annoying infringement notices, and up
until now I've just replied with a polite 'nothing I can do'.
Does this change anything? Can I be forced to help with identifying such a
user? Is it their fault for not knowing this?
Any lawyers in the audience?

@_date: 2012-10-28 01:36:53
@_author: george torwell 
@_subject: [tor-talk] legal status 
thanks everyone!
Julian Yon: perhaps they can force me to log the ip of every bit torrent
user and hand it over?
not the relay it was coming from, the original ip that used bit torrent.
adrelanos: maybe that could get me in trouble for not doing enough to help
the rights holder?
andrew: thanks, a lot of good ideas in that link.
on a general note, when i first put the exit node up, i never thought i
would care about other peoples traffic.
about 200 infringement notices later... i really want the torrenting to

@_date: 2013-04-04 12:12:47
@_author: George Torwell 
@_subject: [tor-talk] NSA supercomputer 
ill really try not to go conspiracy crazy... but that is always a risk
when discussing the NSA on this list :)
if they intercepted everything, there wont be much of a need to decrypt it.
they could watch it going in plaintext  to the exit nodes, and use timing attacks and get a pretty good
sense of where its headed.
its not easy, and i cant claim they can actually do that, but thats the
risk, and its out of the scope of the Tor threat model.
there is a video somewhere of bill binney talking about this approach...
somewhere being youtube, but i cant look for it now.
a second guess would be going after 1024 bit keys.
there is also a video on youtube from a recent con about the feasibility of
factoring them, <"fast hacks" or something like that> at the end, jacob
applebaum asks about it and they advise him to use longer keys or elliptic
curves crypto.
exciting times :)
if you think im wrong, abuse is welcomed, constructive abuse that is :)
If the NSA intercepted all Tor traffic, how fast could they decrypt
it? What are
they up against when trying to break Tor?
tor-talk mailing
listtor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-04-04 14:55:07
@_author: George Torwell 
@_subject: [tor-talk] NSA supercomputer 
i may be wrong but:
- we are talking about keys of every node along the path. how can you
increase that just locally?
- keep in mind that we dont know if factoring such a key is likely, if i
remember correctly that talk mentioned huge amounts of computation power
and electricity.
    something like a year for a 40 mega watt consuming data center per 1024
bit key.     on the other hand its rumored that the utah data center will have 65
mega watts from its own power station.
im pretty sure that the developers will move us safely from these keys as
soon as its needed :)

@_date: 2013-04-05 02:58:04
@_author: george torwell 
@_subject: [tor-talk] NSA supercomputer 
Hash: SHA256
i wasnt going to, but now i have to...
i dont know what tech or knowledge they have.
but i imagine that if you angered them, and they wanted your keys, they
would come and get them.
physically or electronically.
so lets not speculate :)
i have a lot of faith in the developers, but if you feel that they are
missing something, please find a way to contribute that knowledge to the
project. that way we all benefit.
currently to be. To decrypt keys, It does not take what you might
otherwise expect.
the "security" apparatus or both. I would not hold your breath.
likely, if i
per 1024
have 65
keys as
found it
a big
relying on
encrypt/decrypt ?
is not
end, jacob

@_date: 2013-08-05 06:34:10
@_author: bpmcontrol 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd: Freedom Hosting Owner Arrested, Tormail Compromised, 
did not see this here, might interest some.
sorry if previously posted.
i have no further info.
-------- Original Message --------
    Owner arrested in Ireland, FBI makes extradition request, malicious
    JavaScript discovered on a number of important hidden services.
      What happened?
Eric Eoin Marques, the 28 year old owner and operator of the Tor-based
internet host 'Freedom Hosting' has been arrested in Ireland and charged
with distributing and promoting child pornography on the
internet, reports
 the
Since the arrest, internet users have reported
 noticing malicious
JavaScript  designed to compromise their
identities inserted into pages hosted by Freedom Hosting, including the
'Tormail' service, as well as a number of pedophile messageboards.
      Why?
'Freedom Hosting' provides hosting for anonymous 'hidden services' on
the Tor network. These services can range from everything from anonymous
email and library services, to online marketplaces for drug distribution
and the production and exchange of child pornography.
As this is part of an ongoing FBI investigation, there is no conclusive
evidence that the injection of this JavaScript is the result of a
government operation, however, this does fall under a known pattern of
FBI behavior
 related
to child porn sting operations. It is possible that the attack, which
delivers a weaponized exploit to Firefox users running Windows systems,
is the work of non-government cyber criminals, although the timing of
the arrest and the appearance of this code on a number of hidden
services hosted by Freedom Hosting does seem to imply a government
The execution of malicious JavaScript inside the Tor Browser Bundle,
perhaps the most commonly used Tor client, comes as a surprise to many
users. Previously, the browser disabled JavaScript execution by default
for security purposes, however this change was recently reverted by
developers in order to make the product more useful for average internet
users. As a result, however, the applications has become vastly more
vulnerable to attacks such as this/. /
      What's going to happen next?
Although it is difficult to gauge the size of the anonymous internet,
Freedom Hosting did seem to be perhaps the largest anonymous web host,
and its compromise will have serious implications for the future of Tor
hidden services. We expect there will be a deeper technical analysis of the malware in
the coming days as security researchers examine it in greater detail.
Since the attack was designed at Firefox for Windows, which the Tor
Browser Bundle is based upon, it seems likely that this is not a random
occurance, and that the malware is designed specifically designed to
compromise the identities of anonymous internet users. Although this
would be a victory for the FBI against child pornographers who use the
Tor network, it could also mean a serious security breach for
international activists and internet users living in repressive states
who use the services to practice online free speech.
OpenWatch has been in the early stages of designing a new alternative to
Freedom Hosting, calledOnionCloud
, to allow anonymous Heroku-like
application hosting. Developers interested in this idea and other
OpenWatch technologies are invited to join the discussion by joining the
openwatch-dev mailing list by sending an email to
openwatch-dev+subscribe at googlegroups.com
