
@_date: 2011-05-17 14:24:43
@_author: Brandon Wiley 
@_subject: [tor-talk] passive analysis of encrypted traffic and traffic 
Sniffjoke looks interesting. I'm having trouble finding a clear description
of what it actually does to the packets to get them past DPI filters. The
best description I could find mentions insertion of fake packets which will
be discarded by the receiver but which will confuse the filter. [1] This is
an interesting method of obfuscation as it seems like it would interfere to
some extent with the three most popular DPI techniques: string matching,
packet lengths, and packet timings. However, like most obfuscation methods
this method seems like it would not be effective once the censor was aware
of the method as they could just add more filtering rules to filter out the
fake packets.
I'd like to know more about the details of how sniffjoke works, so please
let me know if you can provide any additional details.
On Tue, May 17, 2011 at 10:09 AM, Fabio Pietrosanti (naif) <

@_date: 2011-05-20 11:35:28
@_author: Brandon Wiley 
@_subject: [tor-talk] GSoC Student Introduction - Blocking-resistant Transport 
Hello everyone, I wanted to introduce my Google Summer of Code Project,
which is a framework for evaluating the effectiveness of blocking-resistant
transports such as those provided by the "Pluggable Transports" project.
Using the framework is simple. First you generate some captured traffic,
some of which is encoded with blocking-resistant transports, some of which
is just normal Tor traffic, and some of which is non-Tor traffic such as
HTTP, HTTPS, non-HTTP SSL, Skype, DNS, etc.  Then you run detector code
against the captured traffic and it tries to classify the streams into those
which should be blocked and those which should be allowed to go through. The
detector code can use the full range of Deep Packet Inspection techniques
such as string matching, packet lengths, and packet timings. You can then
look at the results of which streams were classified as blocked and which
weren't and you can compare this to which blocking-resistant transports were
used. The goal is to find a blocking-resistant transport that gets past more
detectors than the rest. This is all automated much like unit testing where
you run a single command and it will give you back the results of which
transport did best for the scenario. Multiple scenarios will be available to
test against different types of attackers.
The purpose of this project is to provide a measurable way to compare
transports. It's quite easy to derive new transport encodings and to imagine
how they might be very effective against an attacker. However, there is no
way to test their real effectiveness without using them in the field, which
can sometimes be difficult to set up logistically. There could also be
negative effects from using a flawed transport in the field before it's
ready. Using this framework, attackers, both real and imaginary, can be
modeled and the transports tested against the models. The models can be
refined from experience in the field and field testing can be reserved for
only the most effective candidates.
There are a lot of details left to work out in terms of what traffic,
scenarios, transports, and detectors I will include in the initial release
of the framework. The important thing is that it will be extensible so that
new and better options can always be included.
I'm just getting started on my project blog, but there will be more up there
soon as I start to convert my notes to entries:

@_date: 2011-10-13 12:55:33
@_author: Brandon Wiley 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor compromised? 
I'm all for security research and finding vulnerabilities, in Tor and
otherwise. Attacks that enumerate bridges are of particular interest.
However, the actual IPs discovered have no publication value. Releasing them
is just irresponsible. In order to receive credit, he just needs to publish
the attack, which would also be more helpful to us because then we could fix
it. I don't really understand this guy's motivation for behaving in this way
if he's an actual security researcher.

@_date: 2012-01-06 11:55:06
@_author: Brandon Wiley 
@_subject: [tor-talk] sniffjoke/obfsproxy for defeating DPI:ing firewalls? 
I did testing of both sniffjoke and obfsproxy with Tor this summer. [1][2]
I had trouble getting sniffjoke to work reliably enough to actually test
its properties against DPI attacks. I found obfsproxy to be reliable, but
at that time it was designed to work against only some of the known DPI
attacks and therefore did not protect against others. I also tested my own
protocol, Dust [3], which at the time covered more DPI attacks.
I'm sure a lot has happened since the summer on these projects. The
developers of both sniffjoke and obfsproxy are very nice and I'm sure they
would be happy to answer any questions you have directly.
The last I heard, Vidalia integration has indeed planned and there was
already a plugin for configuring obfsproxy.
[1] [2] [3]

@_date: 2013-01-14 12:53:30
@_author: Brandon Wiley 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Gmail and Bitcoin? [OT] 
I like where you're going with this, Mike Hearn. I've been working on a
similar scheme in which instead of providing a proof of work you provide a
proof of sacrifice of monetary value. My simplest plan is that give a nym
authority a payment in exchange for a new nym. However, this requires
trusting the nym authority to follow the rules. Specifically, the nym
authority needs to hold onto those payments because giving them back to the
buyer results in a cycle yielding free nyms. Authorities can go back in
other ways too, such as giving out free or discounted nyms, or raising
prices in order to generate higher profits.
I like the idea of using transaction fees as proof of sacrifice because
they are randomly assigned to miners. The nym authority could just watch
the transactions and would have no economic stake. However, if you are
already doing a high volume of transactions then you could possibly reuse
your existing transactions for your proof of sacrifice without actually
sacrificing anything extra.
Here is another variant on this idea. You have a non-profit nym authority
that takes payments and then redistributes these payments. Redistribution
could be (certifiably) random, to the bitcoin addresses of known
non-profits, or you could burn the bitcoins by sending them to an address
with (certifiably) no private key. Since bitcoin transactions are easy to
track, it could be verified by third parties that the nym authority is
following the protocol and redistributing in a way that disperses the fees
and doesn't lead to free nyms or expensive nyms.

@_date: 2013-01-14 16:05:36
@_author: Brandon Wiley 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Gmail and Bitcoin? [OT] 
It's true that you don't really need a nym authority of the normal kind
(like a certificate authority). All the nym authority really needs to do is
accept payment and then redistribute the payments randomly and in a
dispersed fashion, for instance to miners as you prefer. The record in the
bitcoin blockchain of the payment to the nym authority's address serves as
standalone, third-party verifiable proof that the appropriate fee was paid.
Having the nym payment authority sign something would just be a shorcut for
verifying the nym without having to download the blockchain and verify the
payment the long way.
There are still two missing parts to this bitcoins-for-nyms scheme. The
first is eliminating double spending of payment receipts on multiple nyms.
And the second is verifying that it was the requester of the nym that made
the payment and not someone else. All easy stuff to include in the
protocol, depending on how active you want the nym payment authority to be
and how complicated you want to make things for the actual nym providers.
This seems like a fun project. I think the tricky part would be getting nym
providers on board.

@_date: 2013-01-14 17:05:50
@_author: Brandon Wiley 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Gmail and Bitcoin? [OT] 
There are a number of ways to make a public key with no corresponding
private key which is verifiable. For instance, you could hash the lastest
block in the blockchain to deterministically generate a verifiable random
string. However, the sending coins to an irretrievable address has already
been dismissed as being not a cool thing to do.
Regarding nym authorities in general, I guess that this service isn't
really a nym authority at all. It's a generic proof-of-work verification
service where the work is payment. It could be useful for a number of
different cases where providers of a service want to verify users. So it's
basically an economic captcha service. There are a number of free captcha
services, so this could fit into that same ecosystem.
I wouldn't mind running one of these for fun if I thought anyone would use

@_date: 2013-06-21 15:52:13
@_author: Brandon Wiley 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Research paper "The Parrot is Dead: Observing 
Aw snap, that's me. The papers that I have out now are about Dust v1, which
provides randomization across connection properties to avoid
classification. The Defcon presentation (no paper yet) is about Dust v2,
which shapes connection properties to force classification of traffic into
a desired category (whichever category is not blocked by the filter).
There's no paper for this yet, but there is source code at
The parrot paper was a great paper. However, the criteria for publishing a
CS paper are different than for building a system that provides practical
value. If the threat model for Internet censorship circumvention tools
included CS professors examining all of the world's traffic with custom
software which detects differences between a handful of whitelisted
protocols and observed traffic, then I think the censors would do a very
good job and making circumvention tools would be difficult. Fortunately,
this is not how real world Internet censorship works.
There's a lot to say about how real censorship works vs. what's in the CS
literature. I will cover this in my Defcon talk. If any Tor folks are going
to be there, I would love to hang out!

@_date: 2014-04-22 16:01:31
@_author: Brandon Wiley 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [liberationtech] [p2p-hackers] Programming language 
This used to be true, but is no longer the case. Haskell, Scala, and OCaml
are all sufficiently popular now that it's not a problem to find
developers. Facebook uses Haskell. Twitter uses Scala. Functional
programming has mainstreamed.
As an open source developer that uses Haskell for my projects, I have found
no problems with getting contributions from the community. Particularly in
the anonymity and censorship circumvention space a lot of contributors are
CS students and so have had some exposure to functional programming. Python
programmers in particular will have an easy time as several key language
features such as meaningful indentation, list comprehensions, and
generators were taken from functional languages. What's harder to find is
people that understand the core concepts of building anonymous and
censorship-resistant systems.
