
@_date: 2006-12-15 20:11:56
@_author: Brian Puccio 
@_subject: Law & Order: Criminal Intent, Season 6, Episode 10. 
Thanks! FWIW it plays fine under OSX on this end with Apple's QT player.
Thanks for such a high quality capture!

@_date: 2006-03-06 19:09:47
@_author: Brian Puccio 
@_subject: memory usage slowly rising 
Just to play devil's advocate, hosts are assigned IPs in blocks, and
keeping their IPs off things like blacklists is something they should
take seriously.  I'd hate to rent a dedicated server only to find out
that the last guy who had my IP was a big time spammer or got banned
from major IRC networks or something and that the IP is blacklisted a
dozen ways from Sunday. So I can understand where they come from with
respect to trying to keep certain content off their network.

@_date: 2006-03-07 07:46:08
@_author: Brian Puccio 
@_subject: memory usage slowly rising 
Ah, that I understand. My host sent me an email regarding certain
activities, I explained that I had extra bandwidth and was using it to
run Tor. They took a look at the Tor site and said "run Tor, but please
come up with a better exit policy (we'd prefer if you weren't an exit
node at all)."

@_date: 2006-05-21 05:38:51
@_author: Brian Puccio 
@_subject: Speak of the Devil 
Hash: SHA1
Thanks to new breakthroughs in Constitutional interpretation, time  consuming things like warrants are no longer needed.
Very much like telephone calls.
I'm sure that sending you off to some hidden prison around the world  for a few months would convince one to hand over the key without a  This makes me rethink validity periods, how short is too long? If  something expires in as little as a week, it can still be used for  "creative" purposes for a few days. So I don't think that having an  expiration does any good, CRLs are the way to go.

@_date: 2008-05-18 16:58:08
@_author: Brian Puccio 
@_subject: lots of DMCA request's... (1/day) 
For what it is worth, here is Linode's position on running an exit node:

@_date: 2008-05-19 18:34:41
@_author: Brian Puccio 
@_subject: lots of DMCA request's... (1/day) 
If responding to your DMCA takedown notice is more tiresome than  responding to someone else's, I'd probably cancel you first. After  all, you're the one who is causing me more grief.
Personally, if I were a hosting provider (and I guess you better be  thankful that I'm not) and I got one DMCA takedown notice because of  you, I'd bill you for whatever administrative overhead you caused me,  whatever I had to pay my attorney if I had to consult him and tell you  that the next one means your account is cancelled. I'm operating my  business to make money. You taking up my time and costing me money is  counterproductive to that and I'd do better off not to have customers  like you.
The short story is, Linode doesn't judge what is acceptable and what  isn't beyond the fact that they're only willing to deal with a certain  number of DMCA takedowns before they get tired of playing the game.  You seem to be upset that they haven't ennumerated their limit, but I  have a feeling if you push them for one, they'll come up with the  safest number they can think of: zero. I'd rather have there be a bit  of a gray area that I know I can fall into rather than being outright  told "sorry, once we get a takedown notice, you're cut off."
There's probably a thousand different variables including how long you  have been a customer, how frequent the notices come in, what size  account you have, if your monthly payment is constantly bounced, what  I had for dinner last night, how much your account stresses the server  and tons of other things.
If you don't like that policy, get your bandwidth from some place  else. It is their company it is their policy and you either need to  agree to it or host elsewhere. I *like* the gray area. And until you  show me some ISP that will give it to me in writing that I can operate  a Tor exit node regardless of how many takedowns I get, it seems to me  that a gray area is the best thing either one of us is likely to find.
If I were running a business and I had 500 customers (I'm not huge,  but I'm not tiny, either) and 1% of them ran exit nodes and received  one takedown per day each, I'd be spending 30 minutes every day for  the rest of my life dealing with them. And I may be willing to give up  half an hour a day until I retire so you can run your exit nodes. But  I might not. And one day I might say "hey, you can continue to run a  Tor node, but not an exit node, it's either that or you need to find  another host."
What if my hosting business were to expand? What if my 500 became  50000? I'd have 500 people running exit nodes (the same 1%) and I'd  need to spend hours every day keeping up with takedowns. In fact, I'd  need to hire some extra help to respond to all of them, I'd need my  own legal department. How would I pay for this? Not by increasing my  rates, no, that's unfair to the 99% that don't make me deal with all  these takedowns. No, I'd charge the 1% a legal recovery fee. They  would pay the attorneys and secretaries who respond to each takedown.

@_date: 2009-07-08 03:31:32
@_author: Brian Puccio 
@_subject: Running a Tor Server as a Tax Deduction? 
I asked about three and a half years ago and got this response:
