
@_date: 2008-05-06 07:04:38
@_author: buralex@gmail.com 
@_subject: Spoofing location - possible? 
Jamie McCarthy  said on May 05, 2008 12:38 -0400 (in part):
I've done even less research than Jamie had for his question and I think have less technical background than he but ...
I came to TOR looking not so much for the ability to surf anonymously but to convince my end target that I'm from a particular country. Primarily to allow use of streaming media (radio and video) from sites that restrict access to those from the United States.
I set up TOR and verified using  that when using TOR I was usually identified as coming from a different country than my location (CANADA). From my limited understanding I would need a means to request/require that my exit node be in a particular country (ie. USA)
In the TheOnionRouter/TorFAQ I found these links that seem somewhat on   so ... is what I'm looking for possible?
and assuming it is ... is there any prospect that TOR would be able to deliver enough throughput for effective streaming?
ANSWER: YES!! (google video works) so  did  (streaming radio - not available non-US locations) but only briefly. Maybe I was temporarily using a US-exit node? Attempting to get streaming US television from big three   and  all failed with error messages about US-locations only. (I was able to get one "deleted scene" from NBC but when I tried the next one  got the "you can't watch this from where you are" message)
Now that I've verified (I think) that speed is fine, is there any way to request an exit point from a particular country?
oops ... almost missed this down at the bottom -
 referred to near the top in
 which says:
but the link to Blossom:  gives a 404 and according to the internet archive  was last available "live" on Jun 01, 2007. Quick read there seems to say that it used a Python script and depended on some additional web pages:
so .... is there any way for a non-technical Windows XP user to accomplish my goal?
Regards ... Alec -- buralex-gmail

@_date: 2008-05-06 14:08:48
@_author: buralex@gmail.com 
@_subject: Spoofing location - possible? 
Geoffrey Goodell  said on May 06, 2008 8:40 -0400 (in part):
 - I take it you are the same Goodell as in the "Blossom" link in the TOR FAQ? I tried googling"Perspective Access Network" - 11 hits including some references to Blossom and a PDF of yours (?). Is the Vidalia "pipeline" you mentioned this?
I don't recognize anything there as on point? Is there somewhere I can "lurk" to follow the progress of this project?
I downloaded  hacked about with Excel and found 62 "nicknames" in US, bandwidth >= 100 KBS and uptime-days >= 10 and then added these two lines to torrc:
guess what - it works! I've been happily listening to "stations" I set up on Pandora 16 months ago before they blacked out everything outside the US for the last 4 hours and even watched two clips from Saturday Night Live. Life is GOOD :-)
Is this usage "OK" or am I abusing the spirit of TOR?
One new question: I found a number of "what is my ip" sites and all of them agree that my URL originates in the US except for:  which reports my true location in CANADA, ONTARIO, AURORA. I really don't mind but wonder if they've done something "special" the others haven't? If I cared enough, would this be where I start using Privoxy and/or other techniques described in the Regards ... Alec -- buralex-gmail

@_date: 2008-05-06 14:29:47
@_author: buralex@gmail.com 
@_subject: Spoofing location - possible? 
Robert Hogan  said on May 06, 2008 13:54 -0400 (in part):
Thanks Robert - yes that looks exactly like what I was after. Almost, but not quite enough, to make me leave my Microsoft comfort zone and venture into Linux, dual booting and a whole mess of technology I've been able to avoid up to now. :-\  Especially since the find fast US nodes approach seems to work well Regards ... Alec -- buralex-gmail

@_date: 2008-05-06 15:57:14
@_author: buralex@gmail.com 
@_subject: Spoofing location - possible? 
Wesley Kenzie  said on May 06, 2008 13:32 -0400 (in But then I would have missed the fun of playing around with Tor and Vidalia and torrc and all the other good stuff I've been doing for the last 5 or 6 hours :-)
I configured a new us.pickaproxy.com:8125 in FoxyProxy. At first I was getting timeouts on everything but unticking [Socks proxy?] and then setting it "use Proxy for all URL's" was able to get it used. (I think)
AFAICT - the manual solution (loading torrc with selected nicknames from torstatus.kgprog.com ) is equivalent to using pickaproxy so long as I am only interested in US sites - correct? If for some reason I want to spoof as UK then pickaproxy would be much easier than getting fresh exit nodes from above, identifying the good ones, exiting TOR, reloading torrc .... Given enough time and need I think I could probably cobble together a batch script which could take down TOR (is that  necessary(?) or can a reload be triggered on the fly), search the torstatus csv file for desired country code/speed/upload days and rebuild torrc "ExitNodes" line. Better would be (I guess) to have a batch job that would build (say) torrc-us, torrc-uk, torrc-fr once a day so they can be easily copied to torrc (the live one) as desired.
Question: Your right sidebar says "We ask that you limit your use to 1 hour per day. We take down and restart all of these proxy services every few hours". So turning on Pandora and letting it play all day in the background is something you would prefer I avoid?
As one Canuck to another - any suggestions for "neat" sites requiring geospoofing outside the US and not open to Canadians?
Regards ... Alec -- buralex-gmail

@_date: 2009-06-29 23:32:32
@_author: Alec Burgess 
@_subject: 25 tbreg relays in directory 
punkle jones (punkle.jones at gmail.com) wrote (in part)  (on 2009-06-29
at 10:19):
I've been following this thread with interest. From what I've read our best guess as to why other users are installing the package which uses Tor is to provide the  means to circumvent the restrictions  on quickly creating multiple accounts for a particular auction group (*Taobao)*.  Correct so far? Presumably the effect of  doing this are likely to be unwelcome to *Taobao.com * management and/or other non-participating Question: ignoring any possible bad reputation this brings to the TOR community at large does this have the side-effect of increasing exit nodes and thereby providing more capacity to everyone? Or is typical usage for those who want to create the multiple accounts just to open them briefly and then cease immediately with no net noticeable effect on the TOR network as a whole?

@_date: 2012-09-24 09:42:52
@_author: Alec Burgess 
@_subject: [tor-talk] News from Iran 
> Rogers, the only other ISP, has always messed with DNS.
Better that than messing with VPN traffic (or general Bit-torrent traffic)
I'm pretty happy with Rogers to date though I worry about potential changes to Canadian legislation to bring it in-line with American MAFIAA rules. I'd certainly have some questions to ask Bell if they ever come up with a low enough cost option to make me consider switching (though I'm not sure I'd get straight answers!)
