
@_date: 2009-11-10 12:36:21
@_author: Carolyn Anhalt 
@_subject: Tor WIN in germany :) 
Today I fought with my lawyer for the acquittal of Tor:) Here is our press
Jena, 29.10.2009
Today, the Local Court of Jena, Hall 1, held a criminal trial against the
domain owner of wikileaks.de, Theodore Reppe. The criminal charges were
computer fraud - Reppe was accused of posting false information on the
Internet and thereby causing damages amounting to 38.55 euros. The only
evidence: An IP address that led to Reppe's customer data. After the opening
statement, defense attorney Norman Lenz read out comments and other
statements from Reppe that the court and prosecutor had to see that Reppe
was not the culprit. In fact, it turned out that the Tor server operated by
Reppe had been misused by someone else.
The question ensued between the court and defense as to whether Reppe was
still guilty since he had allowed the transfer of the fraudulent data. The
court offered the popular conservative view that projects such as Tor are
more harmful than useful, stating claims such as, "There's nothing to fear
if you have nothing to hide!" and "This server could also allow anonymous
distribution of child pornography!" The defense countered: "These sorts of
statements could also justify the elimination of private mail and personal
correspondence." In the end, the presumption of innocence was upheld:
Reppe's Tor server only anonymizes and encrypts activity, it is not itself
the source of illegal activities, and thus the court had to acquit him.
Please send questions to tor at morphium.info and they will be promptly

@_date: 2013-03-02 16:51:14
@_author: Carolyn Anhalt 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor on BSD 
The New York City *BSD User Group (nycbug.org) has created a mailing
list dedicated to running the Tor anonymity software on the BSDs. The
list aims to become a forum for BSD users and developers interested in
improving the performance and expanding the use of the BSDs as a
platform for Tor. The BSDs make an ideal platform for running Tor
considering the stability and security track record of the operating
At this point, the only BSD recommended by the Tor Project is FreeBSD
5.x or higher. While there is an OpenBSD port, and a pkgsrc port for
NetBSD and Dragonfly BSD, they are not considered recommended
operating system platforms. This is one issue the list could approach.
All interested individuals running or developing Tor on any of the
BSDs are welcome to join the list, located at:
