
@_date: 2014-10-12 06:00:25
@_author: Casey Rodarmor 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
Hi all,
Is there an app that can be used to run a tor relay on android/ios devices?
I'm sure lots of people have old smart phones lying around that they don't
use, and even one with modest specs would make a great tor relay node if it
were plugged into power and connected to a home wifi network.
It could also have user friendly features like a bandwidth slider to limit
the amount of bytes/second consumed, so that users could dial it down
temporarily and precisely control how much bandwidth it used.

@_date: 2014-10-12 06:15:08
@_author: Casey Rodarmor 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
Also, if such an app existed, a cool way way to raise funds for the tor
project would be to accept donations of old smartphones, erase all the old
data, install the relay app, and give the phones away as a donation
incentive. (Of course it would include a cool phone-sized onion sticker to
put on the back of the case.)
It would probably be a really good way to increase not just the number of
nodes, but also their geographic diversity, if it's easy for people all
over the world to donate and get one.

@_date: 2014-10-12 08:22:28
@_author: Casey Rodarmor 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
What is the minimum bandwidth/latency that a node requires in order for it
to benefit the network? I read here* that 100 kilobytes/s each way would be
enough, which I imagine many phones are capable of handling, and represent
a small fraction of a wifi network's bandwidth.

@_date: 2014-10-12 08:24:08
@_author: Casey Rodarmor 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
Also, might there be a way for nodes to advertise their speed? Assuming
that there is no incentive to lie about being slow, it might be a useful
heuristic so that a node with any bandwidth can join and benefit the

@_date: 2014-10-13 07:28:35
@_author: Casey Rodarmor 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
Thank you very much for the pointer to that thread, super interesting!
This is probably a silly question, but why don't nodes themselves gossip in
a P2P fashion about other nodes they've seen or heard about, in order to
avoid taxing directory authorities and mirrors? I'm sure that there are
security implications for this, but perhaps they could be overcome by
preferring nodes in different IP blocks and with diverse traceroutes, etc.
Is this because of the outer encryption wrapper layer decryption?
Is this an issue on all devices, or just some of them? Perhaps oorbot could
refuse to run, or at least display a warning if it looks like the device is

@_date: 2014-10-13 07:38:31
@_author: Casey Rodarmor 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
Also, a sort of related question: Would a dedicated raspberry pi with a
decent OS on a high-quality 100M/100M connection do more harm than good?
Would it be able to push significant traffic with its CPU?

@_date: 2014-10-13 11:00:26
@_author: Casey Rodarmor 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
I'd just like to add that I don't think it is really obvious that running a
relay from an extremely low-power computer is a bad idea. There are many
networks in which anemic computers can be successful participants, even
with highish bandwidth requirements. There are probably tons of people out
there who are sympathetic to the high level goals of tor, but don't have
enough background on how it works to know exactly what kind of hardware it
needs. (Including myself, at the beginning of this thread!)
I would hope that a multi-pronged approach would be adopted, to:
1. Educate users about what hardware and software they need to productively
2. Improve the network to allow users to productively contribute with
whatever resources they can. (For example, even allowing users who cannot
proxy traffic of any kind to at least participate in peer discovery, or
contribute somehow to geographic diversity or fault tolerance.)
3. Improve software to inform users that they don't have the hardware and
software necessarily to contribute. A well meaning user should just get a
friendly message saying that they should buy better hardware or upgrade
their connection, and the client should refuse to run.
I think such a multi-pronged, user-friendly, and fault-tolerant approach
would probably best serve the long-term goals of the project.

@_date: 2014-10-13 11:58:15
@_author: Casey Rodarmor 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
"A small and exquisite shape fills the workspace with beauty, while
enabling you to enjoy life with speedy data and share worldwide
I totally want one now. I am all for worldwide splendidness.
I think a super worthy project might be to design and sell a minimum
spec/size/power/price box pre-loaded with tor relay software. It looks like
there are a ton of companies out there that make such systems, so it could
work like this:
1. Figure out the minimum specs required to run a good tor node, now and in
the near future.
2. Create a disk image of a free operating system that boots and tries to
run the best node it can with whatever hardware it happens to have. It
might also try to upgrade and apply security patches to the operating
system and get the latest version of tor.
3. Raise as much money for the project as possible. We shall assume that we
are able to raise 1 hojillion US dollars.
4. Spam computer manufacturers with the specs from  the image from and a piece of paper that says "1 hojillion dollars!!!!!" on it. If they're
interested (which they all will be for such a spectacular sum of money)
they can send back a bid which consists of the specs and design of a box
they can make, how many they can make for 1 hojillion dollars, and how long
it will take them. Manufacturers can be chosen on the basis of
manufacturing capability, suitability of boxes they already make, and
ideological compatibility.
5. Everyone who donated money in  votes for the best bid from Whichever reputable manufacturer made the best bid gets the hojillion
dollars. Once the super-cute dedicated tor boxes are ready, they get sent
out to everyone who donated in  If there are fewer boxes than donators,
they get assigned by lottery. (Or donators can indicate that they want to
contribute, but don't actually need a box.) If there are more boxes than
donators, extra boxes are stored and sent out as an incentive for future
donations, or in such a way that maximizes benefit to the network as a
6. Revel in how awesome the internet is.
If the bids are for an existing design, we would at least get a volume
discount and could slap cool stickers on them. If manufacturers really want
their bid to be accepted (for example for publicity reasons or because they
want to help the project) then the boxes might even have cool custom
features. Also, even if there weren't any custom features, it's possible
that the designer could do something that doesn't cost them much money,
like make a custom case or laser etch the cases with a cool design.
If there is a concern that a single manufacturer might purposefully create
a device with some kind of back-door or other vulnerability, the best N
manufacturers could be chosen, with each getting 1 hojillion / N dollars,
or the boxes could be carefully vetted before going out to users.
I think something like this would be really popular on social media, might
get a lot of people to donate and run nodes that don't already, and would
be a perfect fit for something like kickstarter. I would definitely be
happy to make a donation for such a project. $200 seems cheap if there's a
good chance I would get a cool custom tor box and help the project at the
same time. It seems extra cheap if the box also has additional features,
for example:
* Status light that shows when it's connected to the network, if it's
firewalled, and when there is tor network activity, to debug and give me
the warm fuzzies that I'm helping internet freedom.
* Mode switch to set it to be an exit node, non exit node, or just a
bridge, depending on my comfort level and ISP TOS.
? Bandwidth dial so I can find a setting that doesn't effect my normal
network usage, turn it down when I'm playing WoW, max it out so it
saturates my connection while I'm on vacation, or keep it at medium for
normal usage.
* Has a private wifi hotspot so I can use it as a local anonymized bridge
to the net.
* Has a rate-limited pubic wifi hotspot to let anyone else browse the net
if they happen to nearby. (Being able to turn this on and off by the user
would of course be key.) This would also provide nice plausible deniability
in case a ne'er do well were to do something bad with my network connection.
* Is carefully configured to only route traffic to and from the public
internet if I put it on my local network behind a firewall.
* I can ssh into it with a provided root password (unique per box), so I
can also use it for whatever else I want.
I think all these features are actually doable without too much work. In
fact, there could be a mirror bid process to solicit disk images with all
the extra features and good usability from open source OS distributions. If
I were a hardware maker I would definitely want to be associated with the
boxes, and I were a free OS distribution, especially one for security,
performance, and privacy conscious users, I would definitely want to
produce the pre-loaded disk image. Also, both the hardware and software
makers might have an additional incentive to produce a quality product, if
their name is going to be associated with it.
On Mon, Oct 13, 2014 at 11:03 AM, Griffin Boyce

@_date: 2014-10-13 13:35:05
@_author: Casey Rodarmor 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
Do you think there's any way it could be done without creating said
problems for security and anonymity? Perhaps by just publishing an open
spec and the auto-booting relay image and letting hardware manufacturers,
totally independently, produce and sell designs that conform. A conforming
design is just one that meets the hardware spec and that the manufacturer
claims will successfully run the image without any user intervention. The
Tor project simply trademarks a logo and phrase, like "Tor Awesomeness
Compliant" and a cute cartoon onion, and makes sure that no designs that
are under spec or don't run the image use the slogan. They also make sure
that anyone that uses the phrase also always includes a message like "The
Tor Awesomeness Compliance mark and associated image of Vidalita, the
adorable privacy respecting chibi-onion, does not mean that this machine is
individually tested or certified by the Tor Project. It may have security
flaws or back doors." so manufacturers can't claim or represent that its
machines are known secure, just that they can run the image and be a good
relay. This might still create problems if ne'er-do-wells might intercept a
whole bunch of computers in the mail that they know are only being used as
tor nodes. It might not create problems if the certification and image is
popular, and tons of computers are certified that have tones of other
possible uses.
So, just totally totally hypothetically, not trying to sign up for yet
another project that I don't know if I have time for, I could maybe be the
maintainer for such a thing. I'm a programmer, an ex site reliability
engineer, and have some experience with both low-level programming and
keeping unix systems running. However, I am not a security, privacy, or
anonymity expert, so I would need the support of Very Clever People whose
advice I could rely on to tell me what to do, and how to patch any horrible
security vulnerability bugs that my horrible shell scripts might have.
Hopefully the extra surface area of such a distro would be very small, just
a few extra scripts and config files, so there wouldn't be a ton to audit.
That's a good idea, but I think that hardware compatibility is a big issue
here, especially for non-technical users who might not be able to find and
install linux drivers for whatever strange hardware that they have. A
custom image that can control all dependencies and have full permissions to
fetch and install whatever drivers it needs would probably get many more
good nodes onto the network, with much less confusion from users. It's also
possible that an image like that could be more aggressive trying to get the
node online, and just use more resources if it knows that it's not running
on a box which is used for anything else. Like, it could use all disk
resources without worrying about starving anyone else, create and delete
users, and generally just assume that it's the only thing running. Would be
a great way to make it as simple as possible, and also provide a way for
people to sunset their old, but still usable boxes without hassle.

@_date: 2014-10-13 13:57:29
@_author: Casey Rodarmor 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
I just thought of an additional perk: The custom distro could blacklist
known-bad hardware. Some random linux user will probably be pretty annoyed
if their computer doesn't work when they just want to do some non-sensitive
task, but someone installing the Tor custom distro would probably be happy
to be presented with a message like "I think your hardware or firmware is
compromised with a backdoor or surveillance mechanism. . Please rip it out, stomp on it, put in a new
component from a different vendor, and reboot. Don't worry user, it isn't
your fault, the internet still loves you."

@_date: 2014-10-13 14:31:30
@_author: Casey Rodarmor 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
I guess that's what public mailing lists are good for, hearing about random
bad-but-interesting ideas from the public internet ;?)
Yeah, definitely. I think that it would probably be best to start with
really concrete stuff that was definitely known by general consensus to be
problematic. For example, network adapters with mac addresses within a
certain range are banned. I'm not sure if there is hardware out there that
can be identified concretely, but I would assume that if a piece of
hardware can be identified as causing a particular node to do more harm
than good, for example by phoning home and linking outgoing/incoming
traffic streams as being related, then it could refuse to run. I have no
idea if there is any hardware which is known to do, but I would imaging
that some fingerprinting might be possible. For example, a piece of
hardware has to identify itself with some degree of specificity to the
kernel to cause the right driver to be loaded to run it. Unless it has the
ability to modify that signature, then you might be able to stop it from
even being activated. The only way to modify that signature might also
cause it from not even working at all.
Non-concrete threats can be identified and advised, if the distro judges
that they don't destroy the utility of the node to the network.
Non-critical components can be avoided, for example by not even starting
the graphics card if it has an iffy driver, or operating it in degraded
non-accelerated VGA mode only, or even operating without any graphics at
all. Also, any non-critical hardware component doesn't even need to load
its driver. A normal distro has to try to get every random piece of crap
connected to the box working with no user intervention, because who knows,
maybe someone will want to use a floppy disk some day. This distro can
selectively identify just the hardware that will get it online and only
load that. It may also be able to avoid anything that has volatile storage
and be completely memory resident, or do things that would be crazy for
another distro, like refuse to run if it sees that you've got what looks
like a working CD drive that it isn't be run from.
In extra crazy mode it could even burn itself to a CDR if there is blank
one in the tray, reboot and run from that to avoid USB keys and hard
drives. Maybe it doesn't even need to load the driver for the USB bus.
Even if something like this existed and worked well, there'd be a push to
I think that's why a distro would be a good idea, since it isn't there to
accomplish something other than run a relay. A user would probably rather
not run a relay at all if it isn't even working.
They can use the browser bundle, or their own software, or Tails for
interactive use. This would allow users that only care about running a good
relay to self-select.
it off, code it up, put it on github with a large "Danger! High Voltage!"
warning, and get feedback from the rest of the community. =) That's how
people get started and learn.
Again, super hypothetically, what's the best way to get feedback on this
idea before I write a bunch of code and create yet another distro that
might be totally useless? Ideally I would write a sort of proposal spec,
concretely outlining what the distro would do and how it would achieve
those goals technically. I would include specific features like, "Use
public speed test services on the greater internet to determine connection
speed, and then configure tor to use 10% of that bandwidth". I would not be
looking for any kind of official approval from the Tor project of any kind,
just "This could work in the way that you are describe it working." and "If
this did work and users decided to use it, it would advance the general
goals of internet freedom and privacy."
I could create a spec on github and invite pull requests for corrections
and issues for unfixable problems with the idea. What mailing lists should
I send it to once I have a first draft?
