
@_date: 2013-08-01 02:36:22
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Youtube becoming unusable 
Well, I know you don't get to post comments or videos, but I meant, what happens while trying to access Youtube through Tor without being logged in? Is the site still difficult to use in any way? (For those of us who don't have accounts but still visit the site.)
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wed, Jul 31, 2013 7:56 pm
You dont get access to videos marked "mature" without an account having
an age in the profile over 21.  Plus of course you cannot post videos or
I could sympathize with the extra captchas if i had been using a
bugmenot userid or no account at all.
it sounds like.
anyway? What happens when you're logged out?

@_date: 2013-07-11 23:24:49
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
Hi there,
I am currently running Windows 7 and my usual browser is Internet Explorer. If I download Tor, will I still be able to use Internet Explorer when I want to? Will continuing to use IE compromise my Tor privacy? Will Tor affect my other programs in any way? I am very new to this and mainly a low-tech person. Please tell me everything in very simple terms. What else should I know before I download Tor?
Thanks in advance.

@_date: 2013-07-13 04:07:22
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
Okay. Now I'm officially confused.
If I download Tor, can't I run it as a separate program from IE? Can I run the two programs separately, like the proverbial ships in the night?
Can someone tell me exactly what it means to configure Tor through IE? Can't I configure it by itself and continue to use the two independently of each other?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Fri, Jul 12, 2013 10:26 am
Explorer. If I download Tor, will I still be able to use Internet Explorer
when I want to?
compromising anonymity.
website, or Tails at  Not only do either of these
solutions work out of the box (in most cases), they also preserve anonymity.
Actually, to use Tor with IE, you have to set the system-wide proxy, which
will affect the operating system and other applications.
I don't know anyone who's ever looked at what will be sent through that,
but I do know it will be a lot.  (Windows update traffic for example)
For this reason, and others, I would really recommend against using IE with
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-13 19:51:05
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
So, what happens if I just download the Tor browser bundle?
What is Tails? Give me a complete rundown.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sat, Jul 13, 2013 5:10 am
Yes, Tor is a separate program. But it's more like a canal than another
ship ;)
It's not Tor that needs to be configured. It's other programs that need
to be configured in order to securely use Tor. And that's not something
that newbies should be doing.
You should at least be using the Tor Browser Bundle, without any
customizations. But that's not really very secure, because the rest of
your computer is still using the Internet naked. It would be safer to
use the Tails LiveCD, or to run Whonix in VirtualBox.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-13 20:04:10
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
So it's like a parallel highway? But both highways still remain useable? See, what I  want to do is use IE for frivolous fun stuff (Youtube, pop culture websites) and use Tor to research more serious topics. What would happen if I tried to do that? Also, which programs would need to be reconfigured? The only ones I really use in conjunction with IE are iTunes and Adobe, and that's mostly for recreation.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sat, Jul 13, 2013 10:25 am
Unfortunately, yes you can.
each other?
Anonymity and security can't be sprayed on after the fact.  They need
to be built-in from the start.  Tor is more than just a program that
runs on your computer, it's sort of like a parallel internet that runs
alongside the big internet, only more anonymously.  Tor doesn't do
something to your computer to make it safer, Tor carries your internet
traffic over a safer route.
Existing programs on your computer will continue to use the existing
path to the big internet.  Only programs that have been configured to
use Tor will use this new, safer path.  Re-configuring all your
existing programs is a Very Large Job, and not easily done by
beginners.  For beginners, almost everyone recommends the Tor Browser
Bundle because it already knows about Tor.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-13 20:05:15
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
I'd love to see something like that, especially considering that I only heard about Tor this month. "Tor for Dummies" would be a good idea.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sat, Jul 13, 2013 11:56 am
This is interesting, it seems a lot of people don't really grasp the core concepts of Tor.  Someone should make a introductory video we can refer people too.  It should have an explanation of proxies, and how Tor is vulnerable to "big brother" attacks.
Would anyone be interested in doing this?
Sent from my iPhone
each other?
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-13 20:07:28
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
Well, that sounds impractical because I'm running Windows 7.
As for uninstalling or blocking Java, the last time I did that I couldn't play anything on Youtube.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sat, Jul 13, 2013 2:25 pm
easier and much more secure.
Indeed. Do not use Microsoft products at all if possible. The company
shares vulnerability information with the US Government before releasing
fixes to the public
When you use Internet Explorer and get a virus or spyware on your
computer (a likely occurrence), it could affect your privacy and
security while using TorBrowser.  If you absolutely must use Internet
Explorer for browsing, make sure there are no toolbars or other add-ons
installed that did not come with Windows or your anti-virus software. Also, uninstall Java (not Javascript) from your computer as it is a
commonly used avenue to insert viruses and does not always remove old
vulnerable versions or even update itself.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-13 20:09:04
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
Socks proxy? Firefox fork? Can somebody give me a glossary?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sat, Jul 13, 2013 5:56 pm
Not at all. Tor is a socks proxy, and Tor Browser Bundle is that plus
a Firefox fork which, if you use it correctly, can keep you safe when
you browse with it. If you have spyware installed, all bets are off.
Again, all bets are off if you have some other program messing with things
on your computer. Don't run dangerous things. And if you aren't sure
(roughly nobody is sure), consider running a livecd system like Tails.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-14 02:41:39
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
I don't think I want to hook IE up to Tor. What I want to be able to do is open one, use it as usual, close it, then open the other. If I do that, what will happen? Is that even feasible?
For example, if I use Tor, then I can't run any site that uses some kind of plug-in. If I wanted to view I site that uses them, then my idea is that I would close Tor and use IE. What results would that yield? Do I have to disable plug-ins throughout my computer?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sun, Jul 14, 2013 12:26 am
It occurs to me that I should clarify here. If you want to be a normal
Tor user, it's good to have a look through the above list, and try to
understand as much as you can. But you don't have to know what a socks
proxy is, or what it means to fork Firefox, in order to be a normal Tor
user. But in that case, you *do* need to just use Tor Browser Bundle or
Tails as-is. That's why we wrote them for you.
It's when you want to do non-standard things, like hook up another
browser to Tor, that you need to learn enough about what's going on to
realize why that's (usually) a bad idea.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-15 02:39:10
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
What do you mean by "phone home"?
 All I really save to disk is my photos (from my phone), some PDFs, some MP3s (iTunes) and stuff I write offline in MS Word. Is that a bad idea? If so, why? How would I encrypt that? What kind of hidden-service file sharing sites are you talking about?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sun, Jul 14, 2013 8:25 am
Yes, it will work.
Using Tor (even TBB) in that way isn't secure. You might download
something via Tor, and it might "phone home" later, when you're not
using Tor. To be safe, boot your machine with the Tails LiveCD when you
want Tor, and don't save anything to disk. If you must save stuff,
encrypt it and use hidden service file sharing sites.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-15 02:46:44
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
Because, like I said, some things are more serious than others. When I'm reading about potentially controversial topics online, then I want my anonymity. When I'm watching Weird Al Yankovic videos to help keep me sane, it's not as important. Also, I don't have accounts with the majority of websites that people register with (Facebook, Youtube). The question is this: How would not being completely anonymous while watching "Like a Surgeon" on IE affect my anonymity while using the Tor path to get to reading about more intense subjects?
Also, how would online shopping be affected?
As for Tails, can someone give me a primer on that?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sun, Jul 14, 2013 10:10 am
I myself am late to the privacy philosophy - I'm using Gmail :-(  Most
Tor users are far more serious than I am about being all anonymous,
all the time.  The real question is this: Why do you only want
anonymity some of the time?  I can infer that you prefer the
convenience of Flash games and Javascript-enabled web pages.  Every
security decision involves trade-offs, and if that's your decision,
then there you are.
for recreation.
You might be surprised how many programs you currently run access the
internet.  Or even that are running without you realising it!  For an
eye opener, download a personal firewall like Zone Alarm or BlackIce
and set it up to ask you about every request the system makes to the
internet.  In a very short while, you will get tired of all the
prompts.  That's because there are many, many processes that want to
talk to the internet - even Windows itself does it.
This isn't intended to scare you, but to inform you.  Security is all
about trade-offs and compromises.  If you are an activist in an
oppressive country, I would not advise you to run any Flash-based
game, ever.  If you're in the US, maybe the fact that they track you
only 80% of the time is good enough for you.  Remember, your computer
is almost constantly using the internet whether you have iTunes
running or not.  This is why really serious people don't use the Tor
Browser Bundle; they know that Windows is leaking personal information
all the time.
People here recommend Tails ( because it's a
way to get the entire computer to use Tor.  Maybe, for you, the
convenience of Flash and Javascript is just too important to give up.
That's fine, but understand that you're trading anonymity for
Try Tails for a while and see what it's like to be pretty much
anonymous on the web.  If that's too inconvenient, try the Tor Browser
Bundle.  You'll be better equipped to make decisions about anonymity
vs convenience after you've tried the tools out.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-15 05:57:13
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
Aha. This message explained a lot to me. Thank you for the detail on PDFs. It was very clear to me.
As for, say, iTunes, so what you're saying is that it's not a good idea to have programs like that running at the exact same time that you're online with Tor?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Mon, Jul 15, 2013 3:55 am
15.07.2013 08:39, Gabrielle DiFonzo:
When you download a PDF document over Tor you get the properties you
expect from Tor (e.g. being anonymous to the server hosting the PDF). If
you then open the PDF document, while still being Online, with Adobe
Acrobat Reader (or any other reader), while not having the reader
configured to use Tor it could be the case that the PDF document
contains a resource that is located on a server (maybe the server you
downloaded it from, maybe another) and Tor gets bypassed.
The server logs show someone downloads 'cryptonite.pdf' and the IP
address tells the server operator that it belongs to a Tor Exit (public
information). Ten seconds later the server logs show a request for a
picture embedded in above PDF document, this time with another IP
address, which is ultimately yours. The server operator can tell that
the IP address does not belong to Tor and conclude it is yours.
This broke your anonymity.
This can affect a lot of files. I can affect PDFs, but you can't tell if
it is safe or not. Word documents can contain external resources as
well. WMA and WMV (WindowsMediaAudio) (WindowsMediaVideo) can contain
DRM information which are checked against a server. I'm not sure if this
applies to MP3s, but I guess that this is possible.
For whatever you download over Tor and open while being Online you face
the risk of your anonymity being broken.
Files that are present because you create them or downloaded them
without Tor are not safe to upload somewhere as they could contain
information about you.
For opening them while using Tor you could face identity correlations.
Let's say you like music and think it's cool to listen to while blogging
anonymously with TBB. If iTunes checks license information during
playback without routing it through the Tor network and you create a new
blog post during that time over Tor, someone might be able to correlate
the identities. (Or assume a forum you participate in pseudonymous, as
it allows more fine grained timing information)
Your ISP for instance would know that you are connected to the Tor
network, but not what you do there, and he knows about the connection to
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-15 20:13:14
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
Thank you very much. These are some of the best explanations I have received so far. I don't have any iTunes friends, and I don't subscribe to Bittorrent, but the whole idea of not having any internet-connected programs running while using Tor does sound like a good precautionary principle. Thanks for the info on forums, too.
unes provides, beside browsing for music and
listening to it. 'Steam', (iTunes for video games :) ) for example has a
friends list so they see when you are Online. (Don't know if that is
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Mon, Jul 15, 2013 6:55 am
15.07.2013 11:57, Gabrielle DiFonzo:
was very clear to me.
have programs like that running at the exact same time that you're online with I don't know what iTunes provides, beside browsing for music and
listening to it. 'Steam', (iTunes for video games :) ) for example has a
friends list so they see when you are Online. (Don't know if that is
Best avoid are programs and actions that are observable by the general
public or an adversary depending on your threat model.
Bittorrent for example is something where anybody can potentially learn
your IP address if he/she downloads files you have available (regardless
of the files).
Public forums where people see that you are Online or you post there
while not using Tor, for example using IE to post at
forum.cats.example.com (A) and you use Tor (TBB) to participate in
forum.dogs.catssuck.com (B) at the same time. Users of A could be
interested in what their enemies do and visit B. Being low volume
forums, they may notice that you make posts at A and posts at B, where
they only know for sure that you have contributed to A, but due to the
fact that an (to them) anonymous user always posted something to B while
you where Online at A, they could correlate those identities.
iTunes might not have been a great example, but something that runs in
the background and connects to the Internet can be potential harmful.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-15 20:19:41
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
"Let's say you visit the NHL website to check up on hockey scores. And that you click on...provocative adverts." Okay. That got into truly weird territory rather quickly.
"How would being anonymous affect you watching 'Like a Surgeon'?" Because it might affect the Java required to watch Youtube, no?
Also, what is Microsoft Time of Day?
Anyway, thanks for the Tails info.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Mon, Jul 15, 2013 1:25 pm
Every time you leak your personal information, your ISP and maybe your
government has a record.  A data point.  What you like, sure, but what
you don't like factors in as well.  For instance, let's say you often
visit the NHL web site to check up on hockey scores.  And that you
click on... provocative adverts.  But you never visit woman's wear
shopping sites.  Looking at the totality of the record, one might
reasonably assume you were male, despite your user name.  Little by
little, bit by bit, the electronic dossier grows and grows.
This gradual accumulation of personal information is why you'll often
read advice to go anonymous all the time.  Then you leak much less
personal information.  Thinking this way is not easy for those of us
who grew up on an open society; others of us have learnt the hard way
to protect our personal information.  So turn the question upside down
for a moment: How would being anonymous affect you watching 'Like a
The problem is that there are many things running in the background
which use the internet without you actively running it.  For instance,
Microsoft's Time of Day service and Microsoft Update, Google Update,
and the Java, Firefox and Adobe updaters all run silently in the
background and periodically wake up to see if something needs
attention.  Every one of these leaks your IP address and probably more
than that.
Credit cards are a different problem altogether.  Clearly, if you were
to buy something online - whether using Tor or the open internet - the
credit card company knows who you are and what you bought.  In most
jurisdictions, this information is available to the government if they
ask for it.
Tails is a complete operating system intended to be secure / use Tor
from the get-go.  You download the .iso file and burn that image to a
DVD.  Then you put the DVD in the DVD drive and reboot the PC.  The
machine will boot Tails off of the DVD and you will be running a
secure, (mostly) anonymous operating system.  You can surf knowing
that Adobe isn't sending 'usage statistics' behind your back like it
does with Windows.  When your 'private' session is over, take out the
DVD, reboot and you're back to leaky Windows.  There's no
configuration you need to tinker with on your computer, no strange
interactions between various applications, no wondering 'did this new
program upset the apple cart?'  It's completely separate from Windows.
 It's sort of like having a second computer without having to actually
buy a second computer.  Plus, you can take the DVD with you and surf
anonymously at a friend's house if you wish.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-07-31 19:26:07
@_author: Gabrielle DiFonzo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Youtube becoming unusable 
I agree with the idea of them squeezing out Tor users...that's certainly what it sounds like.
As for the codes, I never had trouble reading those things. Well, almost never.
What happens if you don't have a Youtube account but try to access the site anyway? What happens when you're logged out?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tue, Jul 30, 2013 10:14 am
In the last few weeks, i have encountered captchas almost every session
i go onto Youtube.  Is this a consequence of the decision to raise the
required bandwidth bar for "fast" relays, so that more connections come
from fewer exits?
Or is it a policy change at Google?  I dont understand why a logged in
user should have to go through captchas every session, even if their ip
address changes. In TBB the captchas can timeout before we even get a
chance to see them. Secondly, if they are going to use them, i wish they
would pick something a human can read which this often isnt:
or use a different method such as math questions or pick-a-kitten.
Thirdly, i started seeing these notices about reading from a canvas
recently: Is this due to a TBB missing feature or did Youtube use something in
HTML5 on purpose that violates privacy, e.g. is this a replacement for
the evil hidden Adobe flash storage?
Basically these changes plus the inability to view or even download
videos with ads on them (Adobe Flash only), means they are squeezing out
Tor users, and anyone else concerned with privacty and security.  It
bodes ill for TBB's uptake by the masses.
