
@_date: 2015-11-03 03:31:15
@_author: Cubed 
@_subject: [tor-talk] FTe Bridges 
The bridges.torproject.org site as well as the email service work fine.
Even if the email and/or visit to bridgeDB yielded three bridges, you
only have a single attempt/failure to evaluate as a data point in your
experiment with pluggable transports. Without getting into the protocol
chosen (FTE versus obfs3 versus obfs4 versus scramblesuit, etc), I
would say it's a little early to rule out the countless other variables
in play with your scenario and jump to the conclusion that the bridgeDB
service is down. As you'll find, if you choose to try twice, or even a third time,
pluggable transports add an additional layer of complexity to an
already complex machine. Bridges could be down, could be slow, could be
online for a bit only to crumble later and, most importantly, may not
be necessary for your application. If your local oppressive government is flagging tor users as suspects
in some heinous plot or your ISP is canceling service to identified tor
users, bridges are a potential solution. If your particular adversary
would be a greater threat by simply knowing you are using tor, bridges
are a possible shield. If you just want to escape the "metadatanet"
that ensnares people, constantly, then simply using tor might be enough
by itself. If you are contributing your computer to the relay network
that powers tor, bridges will never (afaik, I haven't actually looked
into this recently) work for you. Beyond the "why" lies the "how". In my experience, and I haven't done
any research in this silo so I may be way off, obfs3 is much more
popular and battle tested than FTE. I can remember FTE as far back as
obfs2, so unless the protocol has been continuously updated, it's
probably not as effective as the newer obfs3 or obfs4. But I have to
emphasize that I haven't looked at FTE for a while and there may be
many things I don't know about it that make it a superior choice for
some users. And bringing it back to your initial question; ending with what could
have been the only paragraph sent had I wished to be stingy with the
thought I put into your reply, the bridgeDB website and email service
are both working fine for me and several others. Might I suggest a
light-hearted quick read to give you the push you may find useful in
future endevours, especially those involving tor and it's many exotic
features: A folk-tale I bet you know called "The Little Engine That
Could"  ;)
PS: Apologies, in advance, if I seem sarcastic ~ I simple love
children's stories, oh the memories, such classics!
On Mon, 2 Nov 2015 19:39:07 -0600

@_date: 2015-10-17 21:25:19
@_author: Cubed 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Super speed Tor 
If you live in a dense US city, chances are you are within range of
several seperate public or freeish wifis. In which case you could
connect to two or three simulataneously through a multiple radio OpenWRT
capable router. Several of the newer Asus routers have multiple radios
with strong range. There is a package in the OpenWRT repos that is
designed to bridge and load balance multiple connections. Increase
your speed by piggybacking off something like the, say, xfinitywifi's
that have become commonplace. That will increase your network potential, but the rest of the network
is likely the bottleneck. One suggestion would be to run your own high
speed private bridge. And why not make it obfuscated while you're at
it, thereby increasing your anonymity significantly in the process.
On the flip side, using bridges located where most of the relays are is
also a good strategy for increasing speed. And if you look at a map of
connections made and relay locations, you'll notice a large percentage
are in Germany and France. Choose a obfs bridge in that region (one
with fast speed by double checking on Atlas or Globe), and you'll
notice faster speeds as well. As with so many things in the universe, it boils down to a trifecta
of decision:
SPEED		RELIABILITY		SECURITY
However, our desires to watch "HD" movies pale in comparison to the
needs of those brave enough to speak out against injustices throughout
the world. When we become captives in our own homes, Tor can provide us
the hole in the wall with which to pass messages along to our fellow
freedom fighters. If 3D filmed high def brain numbing entertainment is
the opium for the masses, then let Tor be the refreshing sobering cup
of joe that will let us see straight again. Let's make projections for
the lives Tor will save over the next 2,3,5,10 years, not how fast
meta-data sucking You-Tube channels load. Or, you know, just use a VPN for your media stuff and then use a Tor
for your web browsing/reading. K laterz

@_date: 2015-10-17 21:59:51
@_author: Cubed 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor 
Works for thousands of people everyday. The adversary would need both
the entry and exit packets for parrallel constructionism, meaning both
entry guard and exit nodes would need to be in said adversarie's hands.
Bridging can diminish this threat especially if you are bridging to a
bridge you control. False sense of security is worse than poor security, I agree. But let's
look closely at what you're saying here.
First off, since the Tor project doesn't make money from users, and it
cost virtually nothing to use this powerful technology, I'd have to
take away the "perfect tool to scam" award. Now let's dive into these
Scam : a dishonest way to make money by deceiving people.
Exploit :  to utilize, especially for profit...
Lying, to lie, well I'm sure we all know what that means. Can you show
me where on the torproject.org site people are Lied to and Exploited
and/or Scammed? And, can you show me where in the world I'm located? If you paid for the TBB, you didn't get it from the tor project site
and, unfortunately, were likely scammed. But if you followed the
instructions on the official site and read the documentation, you
should be armed with all you need to know to understand the extent to
which Tor can protect you and the inherent limitations.
Tor is supported by one of the most active, talented, dedicated, and
all around good bunch of people in the world of open source software.  Well, it's at least better than IE7!  I hope I'm not angering you any further, you sound a bit upset about..
well, all of this Tor business. It's not my intention to instigate,
only to provide some information to you on the off chance you are
actually interested. The tool is complex. The learning curve is steep. It's a lot of reading
and a lot of looking at the world through a different lens, but at the
end of the day, Tor has proven to be an indispensable tool to countless
people throughout the world. And that's at least in part because it
With that said, it's still under constant development with improvements
being made all the time. It's a project that always needs more help,
with everything from low level code to translations for different
languages. So if you feel you were misled at some point, help us out and show us
where the mistake is so it can be fixed. No one wants to misrepresent
what Tor can do and no one likes to feel like they've been lied to.

@_date: 2015-10-17 22:00:58
@_author: Cubed 
@_subject: [tor-talk] I can't use Tor via "obfs3" or other methods. 
First, sorry for the thread necromancy. Thought it was worth responding
too, though, since the OP didn't get much of an answer.
Second, hello Jason, I have been experimenting with various
configurations and OBFS3/4 compatibility. I first noticed problems
connecting to OBFS4 bridges while using Tails on an older ASUS laptop.
I thought it was an outlier until I found several other laptop models
that had similar issues with almost identical logs to yours. I still don't know exactly what inhibits a network interface from
connecting to a bridge but do have some info that might help push the
issue forward and give you connectivity. Also, as you probably
inferred, I believe it has to do with the network device the laptop or
computer is using to connect. "iwlwifi" is a driver that has been part of debian stable for a long
time, AFAIK. This is the driver that a ton of laptops will assign to
the network interface. But on most newer lenovo's and some other
models, a different driver is used and with those laptops, OBFS4 and
sometimes OBFS3 will never connect. My troubleshooting steps have been as follows:
- Try connecting to OBFS4
- Try connecting to OBFS3
- Try both 3/4 but with only ,
  and not including the cert, etc. - Try using a different interface like a USB wifi device, I've had
  positive results with most ralink chipsets.
- Try a direct ethernet connection.
I thought that the problem had something to do with how tails clones
are made but now I'm unconvinced this is a problem. If you connect to
tor via some other setup, these suggestions should help. In most of the configs I've worked on, ethernet has provided me at
least OBFS3 connectivity. In another case, the user needed to include
at least 1 OBFS3 bridge and all the bridges would connect and work, but
if she used all OBFS4, tor directory would never download. Hope this helps.
three

@_date: 2015-10-19 22:22:06
@_author: Cubed 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor 
LOL, I love that idea! Sorry everybody, I should know better to feed the pidgeons. FWIW
though, this one made me chuckle. Audible, real-life, endorphine
releasing chuckle.  =D
In the spirit of the original question/complaint/troll, and to reiterate
my points (which I felt were made rather gentlemanly, if I do say so
myself), you can call Tor a lot of things, but a scam is simply not
true. Scam is, by definition, not a accurate assessment of the Tor
project, onion routing, and generally anything produced by the talented
folks who DONATE their time to the project.
So by extension and assumption, I feel comfortable with my overall
comprehension of your (again, directed to the OP) messages. I call your
concise and meaningful and raise you logic. And, I'm all in! As for taking you for an idiot, of course not. I stopped interacting
with uninteresting people years ago... well anyways, I'm in it for the
meat, if there is any. Plus, you made me chuckle. Facing inadequecies in projects head on with open minds is one of the
many reasons open source software and the communities behind them are
so important.

@_date: 2015-10-19 23:17:49
@_author: Cubed 
@_subject: [tor-talk] I can't use Tor via "obfs3" or other methods. 
Aloha isis, Thanks for your input; you and I had the exact same thoughts on the
matter. I agree, it's odd, and I was wrong to assume the problem was a
hardware issue, ultimately. Some details that are relevant and were
left out of my original response: - Workstations, whether laptop of desktop (predominately laptops
  though), were all being used as Tails hosts. - The TBB, run in whatever nix flavor, and I even think weird OS's like
  Windows, was perfectly capable of running OBFS4 bridges. The workstations are not all physically in my reach and I have only
recently acquired a laptop that showed the problem. So once I was
finally able to control for the above variables, I found that, if
anything, it's a Tails-centric issue. The problem was replicatable on a variety of public and private
networks. Ultimately, I don't think the ISPs had anything to do with
it; it's not a censorship issue as far as I can tell. Based on where
it hangs, and the eventual work around I figured out, I think the
problem might have something to with building the initial Tor
directory. I almost feel like writing that as a question, to
communicate that I have not grokked the entire Tor circuit building
routine. But, in every case, OBFS3 bridges worked. So eventually I tossed in
one OBFS3 bridge along with a few OBFS4. Voila, Tor directory builds
off the OBFS3 bridge (as it appears in the logs and through viewing
the network map), and OBFS4 bridges are utilized immediately after.
Cancel the OBFS3 connection, and nothing changes; so the OBFS3 bridge
just needed to be there for the initial circuit building. And, if the Tails drive has persistence enabled with network
configuration saved, the problem seems to eventually stop altogether. Personally, I'm surprised practically no one else has reported similar
experiences (I follow the tails mailing list as well). It would seem to
me that Tails is doing something different than the TBB that results in
the bug. Which is plausible; Tails still uses Vidalia, which was
deprecated elsewhere a while back. Vidalia, in Tails, is basically a
hack that acts as an abstraction layer between the user and her torrc.
Also, while OBFS4 sounds like the latest version of OBFS, implying that
the two protocols are similar, 3 and 4 are actually quite different. 4
being closer to scramblesuit or something. Anyways, I've contributed the experience, I hope it saves someone an
hour or two and helps them gain a pint or three! I gotta get back to
figuring out how this baffling Windows registry works...
