
@_date: 2016-06-18 09:35:17
@_author: chloe 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "But he does good work." *Appelbaum* 
When yan, flexlibris, isis and lovecruft say the same thing I have no
other option to believe them. I trust these people and I can't see why
they would do Tor any harm. I think they did the right thing here. I
also think we've seen some evidence that justify the allegations.
But why should we care? JA is out and he's not coming back. He will most
definitely be forgotten sooner or later. He's history. I don't know him,
I've never meet him.
But does he do good work? Well, yes, but that's not a reason to defend him.
One stupid, but rather funny reference I have here is Hitler. Under his
time the Autobahn was built and this was one of the best decisions in
German history. But does that mean we like Hitler? No, right?
But I'm also a person that follow evidence instead of allegations so I
understand why people are suspicious about this whole thing. But
sometimes the only evidence we have is morality - to do the right thing.

@_date: 2016-06-18 17:10:56
@_author: chloe 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "But he does good work." *Appelbaum* 
Hash: SHA512
But then you can't trust Tor at all. If this is an attack from the
inside we should assume even worse.
Hitler which is falsified for long years meanwhile. Why don't you know
that? Is your justification over Jake from the same quality?
I know it's a well-known myth, that's why I said it was stupid. Should
have clarified that I knew that. Some people say that Hitler did good
work with the Autobahn and that's the same logic (even if it's true or
false) as with JA. The people that actually believes that Hitler
"created" the Autobahn says it was good work. It was just a comparison.
assumed not guilty until the opposite is proofed. Doing not so is
It doesn't need to be true or false. If the core members says that JA
harms the community we should act upon that. You argument is only true
if we are talking about the law. The Tor Project does not need any
actual proof to kick out JA, they can just follow what the members
what, that's how an organization works.
However, they should've support the decision based on evidence, yes.
