
@_date: 2008-04-24 12:16:59
@_author: Christian Wilms 
@_subject: Introduction of another GSoC student 
Hi folks!
My name is Chris and I am also very happy that I've been chosen to take part in this year's Google Summer of Code program. I'm an Information Systems student from Germany, finishing my master's degree this summer.
You can find my GSoC abstract here: In my master thesis I develop an environment to measure the performance of Tor hidden services and the many sub steps in detail. I want to find ways to increase the performance of hidden services without decreasing anonymity. The general path selection (which influences hidden service performance casually) is not in my focus, but HS protocol level changes are.
I've already implemented some ideas that I'm testing over a few days right now, so that afterwards I can empirically verify (or falsify) the impact of those changes. My GSoC work will be based on my tests and will allow me to take further steps in that direction that cannot be covered in my thesis due to time restrictions.
If you have any questions, suggestions, or comments, I'm looking forward to hear from you!

@_date: 2008-08-18 19:30:25
@_author: Christian Wilms 
@_subject: Hidden Service Performance GSoC Project Report 
Hi folks,
I've written a a short project report about my Summer of Code project to
improve the performance of hidden services.
It can be found under The directory also includes related files.
If you have questions and/or suggestions, feel free to contact me. There
is still room for further improvements of hidden service performance.

@_date: 2008-07-08 11:57:24
@_author: Christian Wilms 
@_subject: Discarding RendNodes configuration option? 
Hash: SHA1
Hi everybody,
Because the configuration option to prefer certain relays as rendezvous
node during hidden service access is ignored, Roger, Steven, Karsten,
and I think about removing it.
We assume that the option is actually not used by anyone and therefore
it makes more sense to discard it instead of fixing it, which might
result in a number of new problems.
But since we cannot guarantee that nobody needs the option, we decided
to ask on the list. So please raise an objection, if you do not agree
with us.
A more detailed description of the bug can be found as task  in the
bug tracker.[1] Summarized the bug appeared when cannibalization was
introduced in version 0.1.0.1-rc and rendezvous circuits were not built
completely from scratch anymore, but constructed by using pre-built
3-hop circuits.
If we discard the option, we will of course mark it as obsolete, so that
anybody using it anyways is notified.
