
@_date: 2006-10-30 09:01:20
@_author: Chris Willis 
@_subject: reporter from The Economist in Thailand seeks help 
Can Ben access the VMWare site?  If so, then the Janus VM seems like an
excellent way to use the TOR network.
It requires VMWare, which is a free product.  I obviously can't attest
to whether the VM is itself compromised.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Shava Nerad
Sent: Sunday, October 29, 2006 3:45 AM
If someone proficient with helping a newbie set up Tor et al on XP to
get by national firewalls wants to personally assist Peter Collins from
The Economist set up his machine, please email me, and I'll hook you up?
I hear he has skype, but he doesn't have direct access to
 for downloads, and I don't know what other mirrors he
might have blocked.
he says:
Ben Sutherland of the Economist wrote an article on Tor for their
upcoming "technology quarterly" edition, and when he heard that Peter
was having ever more problems with the national firewalls in Thailand,
he asked if I could get Peter a little setup help.
Shava Nerad
Executive Director
shava at freehaven.net

@_date: 2006-10-30 17:31:50
@_author: Chris Willis 
@_subject: reporter from The Economist in Thailand seeks help / new Tor guide is up 
I have to add a bit to this one:
NO browser (cept maybe a text browser in BSD or something) is really
100% safe on its own.  Firefox has lots of vulnerabilities, just like
That is why you use privoxy with Tor.  If you use IE 7, you can start IE 7 with Add-ons disabled.  No flash,
java, etc...  Combine that with Privoxy AND Tor, and you should be doing
reasonably well.  Is it safe?  No.  Only text browsers could qualify as
I actually like browsing with add-ons disabled as a rule of thumb, not a
special practice with TOR.  It makes my surfing experience much nicer :)
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Tim McCormack
Sent: Sunday, October 29, 2006 11:50 AM
...and people shouldn't be using Internet Explorer with Tor. It just
isn't safe.
 - Tim McCormack

@_date: 2006-10-04 10:02:18
@_author: Chris Willis 
@_subject: Analyzing TOR-exitnodes for anomalies 
I am very interested in this.  While not a tech guru, I would be happy
to assist (if I get any spare time).
My own TOR node on my colo'ed web server (200KB/sec baby - now THAT is a
contribution to the project) certainly doesn't do anything like this - I
was dumb enough to just install, configure & let er run.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Alexander W. Janssen
Sent: Wednesday, October 04, 2006 9:33 AM
Hi all,
considering that I heard from several people that they notice strange
sideeffects since a couple of days - altered webpage, advertisement
where no ads should be - I started a little investigation if there are
any obviously bogus exitnodes in the wild:
I welcome you to start your own investigation; if there are really bogus
exitnodes we should be aware of those and we should know their node's
nickname to put them on a shitlist.
This might leed to an escalation in the future when marketeers realize
the possibilities of altering traffic.
Comments, ideas, pointers to other projects?
"I am tired of all this sort of thing called science here... We have
spent millions in that sort of thing for the last few years, and it is
time it should be stopped."
 -- Simon Cameron, U.S. Senator, on the Smithsonian Institute, 1901.
