
@_date: 2008-04-10 10:58:47
@_author: Chris Palmer 
@_subject: Smallest cheapest device to run a tor home server? 
Those are all likely to be insufficient. A used laptop could work, or you
could take a look at sites like  for small systems.

@_date: 2008-03-02 21:39:12
@_author: Chris Palmer 
@_subject: Defeat Exit Node Sniffing? 
I just ran a test with a clean instance of Firefox (Tools -> Clear Private
Data) and a fresh instance of WebScarab in which I browsed to
 logged in, and viewed my inbox. WebScarab shows
exclusively HTTPS connections (to several Google hostnames), no HTTP
connections at all.

@_date: 2008-03-05 16:05:40
@_author: Chris Palmer 
@_subject: Defeat Exit Node Sniffing? 
Which cookie editor(s) did you try? I use Add 'n' Edit Cookies, a Firefox
plugin. It offers a radio button to turn the Secure attribute on or off, but
I have not tested it to see if turning Secure on really works as it should.
If you tested it and it didn't work, that would seem like a bug in Add 'n'
Edit Cookies that the maintainer would want to know about.
It seems like it should be relatively easy to make a Firefox plugin that
always rewrites the Set-Cookie headers of incoming HTTP responses to have
the Secure attribute, so that Firefox thinks the server set them that way. I
have never written a Firefox plugin, though, so maybe it's hard. Dunno.
Cookies are a fine session management mechanism, and better than some
alternatives (e.g. putting a session identifier on the query string --
eek!). Web application developers just have to know how to use them
In my experience, it's mainly ignorance. Developers have often never heard
of the Secure attribute, or if they have, they don't know what it means.

@_date: 2008-03-02 13:15:57
@_author: Chris Palmer 
@_subject: Defeat Exit Node Sniffing? 
The answer is to use SSL. I'm not sure but I think you meant to say "... or
other *non*-ssl enabled serviecs...".
In the particular case of Gmail: Gmail normally uses HTTPS for the login
phase but not thereafter. That is of course totally silly, because while the
attacker won't see your password they will still see your Gmail session
cookies. That's all they need to hijack your Gmail session -- they don't
need your password. BUT! the good news is that if you go to Gmail via
 Gmail will use HTTPS for the entire session, not
just the login phase, and then you are as safe as anyone ever can be from
network eavesdroppers (including traffic-sniffing Tor operators).
Simiarly, when connecting to your Gmail Jabber account using a stand-alone
Jabber client (like say Pidgin), you can enable SSL for authentication
purposes, but I think your chats would still go in the clear. You can solve
that problem by using the Off The Record Pidgin plugin, which gives you
confidentiality (and perhaps other properties) for your chats.
For other non-SSL services, well... don't use them when you need security.
(When using Tor or otherwise.)
Also, see the Tor technical FAQ wiki entry for this:
