
@_date: 2005-12-23 15:04:42
@_author: clifnor@warpmail.net 
@_subject: EFF no longer funding Tor (was Re: ATTN: for-profit Tor operators) 
I wish to donate but have had problems with PayPal in the past. Is there
another option--e.g. an address where I can send a check or money order?

@_date: 2005-02-02 11:16:20
@_author: clifnor@warpmail.net 
@_subject: Tor Network response slowing to zero 
Can other users confirm that network response is degrading badly during
the past 2-3 weeks? I have a decent home cable link (1.8Mb down/356 up)
but I am having to wait an average of 15-30 seconds to get any
response--sometimes the connection just hangs. Is there any data being
collected on network response? At this rate, within a month the network will be useless.

@_date: 2005-02-02 19:31:59
@_author: clifnor@warpmail.net 
@_subject: Tor Network response slowing to zero 
Has the Tor design team considered implementing an incentives-based
resource-sharing model such as is used in BitTorrent? Unless Tor is
intended for controlled environments such as local intranets, the
resource problems we as users are experiencing now would seem to be
inevitable in
the absence of such a feature. In this regard, Bram Cohen's paper,
"Incentives Build
Robustness in BitTorrent" is an interesting read. You can find it at:
clifnor at warpmail.net

@_date: 2005-02-05 05:00:31
@_author: clifnor@warpmail.net 
@_subject: Solution to bandwidth prob... 
I think this is an excellent observation and suggestion. I think many of
us in the user community would be immediately willing to sign up for
such a scheme, particularly those of us who for one reason or another
are unable to set up a server themselves. I look forward to being able to contribute some bandwidth as soon as a
SETI-like option for doing so is made available. I suggest such a
facility be made as transparent as possible to the user (perhaps just a
command-line option for turning on resource-sharing) and allow
throttling so that the user can be in control of how much bandwidth is
used during any given session. It should also be made as secure as
possible to prevent information about any given user from being exposed. On Fri, 4 Feb 2005 21:00:47 -0800, "admin"  said:

@_date: 2005-03-04 11:22:24
@_author: clifnor@warpmail.net 
@_subject: exit node only server 
At the risk of sounding like a broken record, I second (or third?) this
There are a number of impelling reasons for changing the Tor
architecture to
a tit-for-tat construction:
1. It will ameliorate the inescapable FACT of human greed--if you wish
to use resources you will have to contribute corresponding resources. I
that without building in this ameliorative factor, Tor networks will
suffer from severe response problems. The BitTorrent designer apparently
how deeply ingrained the greedy human response to freebies is, and
designed his system to
offset it. 2. It will encourage exapansion of the current (experimental) Tor
thus yielding data points otherwise unavailable since there are
undoubtedly users who would be willing to contribute some asset as a fee
for using the Tor network BUT cannot host a permanent server. Shutting
these people out
from contributing seems a waste of both computing resources and good
3. It MAY reduce the legal exposure of users by putting all users on
equal ground--every user who runs a client will also be running a
In closing, I think it highly unlikely that Tor will ever be practical
a scale much larger than the current experiment without changing to a
design. The facts that:
Some people are almost always greedy
Some people are sometimes greedy
No one is NEVER greedy
means that Tor networks will ALWAYS be resource-poor unless
tit-for-tat is at least semi-automatic (clearly, the architecture should
allow for server-only

@_date: 2005-03-04 12:16:58
@_author: clifnor@warpmail.net 
@_subject: exit node only server 
This type of scaled option list is currently effectively used for many services such as web-based email accounts--a certain basic set of services is provided free; additional services may be purchased as

@_date: 2005-11-24 13:05:59
@_author: clifnor@warpmail.net 
@_subject: Let's pay our dues! 
As someone who greatly appreciates the availability of the Tor network
and associated software, I am distressed to learn that EFF financial
support for the development effort has run out. Given the large number
of users of this valuable resource, I find it impossible to believe that
an announcement that subsequent availability of the network will be at
least partially dependent on specific cash donations would fall on deaf
ears. Indeed, I think the development team would be pleasantly surprised
by the response.
My suggestion, then, is that the development team determine the amount
of money needed to continue Tor as an active project, work out a monthly
or quarterly fee structure which would be sufficient for continuing the
development effort, and make a request to all users to sign up with EFF
or whatever administrator is selected to begin paying their dues for the
use of this unique service. As a suggestion, I for one would be quite
willing to pay 10-25 dollars per month US for the service.
I realize that there are members of the user community who would be
unable to make cash contributions to the support effort. I think,
however, that a large number of those users able to pay would willingly
do so if solicited.
In closing, on this Thanksgiving Day, I thank the development team
members for their fine effort in developing Tor into a functional and
extremely valuable resource.

@_date: 2006-10-07 07:17:40
@_author: clifnor@warpmail.net 
@_subject: Analyzing TOR-exitnodes for anomalies 
Yesterday, I linked to Slashdot and got a bogus page in German.
Restarting my Tor client (i.e., getting a new set of circuits) got me to
the real Slashdot page.
