
@_date: 2011-04-07 13:11:01
@_author: Christopher A. Lindsey 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Google disable web-access to gmail for Tor-users? 
Those are very good points.
My usage is just to expand the Tor community and get some modicum of
privacy.  The more "regular" users that use Tor, the more acceptable
it's use will be perceived.  As, if only the "pedophiles" and
"criminals" use it, then it draws more attention and immediately labels
you a bad guy if you're suspected of using Tor.  It also adds to the
cost of those who would try to circumvent it's use.
Take care,

@_date: 2011-04-14 11:58:50
@_author: Christopher A. Lindsey 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Put Tor On A Chumby 
I ran across this on Instructables.com
A few years ago, Tor developer Jake Appelbaum told me about putting tor
on a chumby. I didn't think much of it until recently when woot.com had
a chumbys for sale. Seeing the chumby as a new toy to hack i got one.
I must say i didn't know quite what to do with the chumby besides make
it tell me the time and the weather. Thinking back, i decided to make my
chumby into a tor node so those using the tor network can use it as a
relay. Take care,

@_date: 2011-04-15 07:04:35
@_author: Christopher A. Lindsey 
@_subject: [tor-talk] With a Massive Hardware Hack, 
Apologies in advance.  This is not directly related to Tor.  However,
it's inspiring and is related to the circumvention of bad actors
attempting to restrict people's communication.  And, maybe they did use
Tor, too! ;-)
The Wall Street Journal today brings us an amazing story of a few smart
engineers, a couple of big-money backers, and one enormous hardware
hack. But todays tale of Libyan rebels and a few international telecom
experts hijacking the Libyana cellphone service from strongman Col.
Moammar Gadhafis government isnt just another chapter in an ongoing
story. Its poignant--perhaps even prescient--reminder of the way 21st
century technology is reshaping the geopolitical landscape.
Since Irans Twitter Revolution and Egypts successful ouster of former
president Hosni Mubarak (largely organized via social networking tools),
plenty has been written about the role of social media in political
revolution and freedom on the whole. But social media relies on the Web,
and in cases of revolution dictatorial regimes often do what they do
best: they pull the levers of power, in this case the lever that shuts
down the Web.
Full article:
Referenced Wall Street Journal article:
Take care,

@_date: 2011-01-30 08:57:25
@_author: Christopher A. Lindsey 
@_subject: Is "gatereloaded" a Bad Exit? 
Could it be that these nodes have set these policies to reduce the
possibility of being approached because of illegal activity passing
through them?  It could be they believe that they're helping with the
project and limiting their exposure as "bad guys" wouldn't use clear
Take care,

@_date: 2011-06-14 13:03:45
@_author: Christopher A. Lindsey 
@_subject: [tor-talk] US Senators Seek to Crackdown on Bitcoin 
From the article as it applies to Tor:
"Senators Charles Schumer (D, New York) and Joe Manchin (D, West
Virginia) have written to Attorney General Eric Holder and the DEA
asking that action be taken to crackdown on the Silk Road. Silk Road is
an online exchange that deals in drugs and Bitcoins. Since the Bitcoin
transactions are anonymous, and Silk Road is accessed through Tor,
authorities have no way to track down users buying drugs."
Original article here:
A more verbose version here:
Since it appears they're going to be targeting a Hidden Service, it will
be an interesting test of Tor's resilience given the resources available
to the US government.
Take care,

@_date: 2011-03-29 11:32:37
@_author: Christopher A. Lindsey 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why the US Government funds circumvention projects (Like 
I light of the recent discussions regarding governments funding projects
like Tor, I thought this article might be of interest.
From the article:
U.S. develops "panic button" for democracy activists
(Reuters) - Some day soon, when pro-democracy campaigners have their
cellphones confiscated by police, they'll be able to hit the "panic

@_date: 2012-02-12 10:54:30
@_author: Christopher A. Lindsey 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Do You Like Online Privacy? You May Be a Terrorist 
From an article at:
February 1, 2012 in News
Public Intelligence
A flyer [1] designed by the FBI and the Department of Justice to promote
suspicious activity reporting in internet cafes lists basic tools used
for online privacy as potential signs of terrorist activity.  The
document, part of a program called ?Communities Against Terrorism?,
lists the use of ?anonymizers, portals, or other means to shield IP
address? as a sign that a person could be engaged in or supporting
terrorist activity.  The use of encryption is also listed as a
suspicious activity along with steganography, the practice of using
?software to hide encrypted data in digital photos? or other media.  In
fact, the flyer recommends that anyone ?overly concerned about privacy?
or attempting to ?shield the screen from view of others? should be
considered suspicious and potentially engaged in terrorist activities.
Logging into an account associated with a residential internet service
provider (such as Comcast or AOL), an activity that could simply
indicate that you are on a trip, is also considered a suspicious
activity.  Viewing any content related to ?military tactics? including
manuals or ?revolutionary literature? is also considered a potential
indicator of terrorist activity.  This would mean that viewing a number
of websites, including the one you are on right now, could be construed
by a hapless employee as an highly suspicious activity potentially
linking you to terrorism.
The ?Potential Indicators of Terrorist Activities? contained in the
flyer are not to be construed alone as a sign of terrorist activity and
the document notes that ?just because someone?s speech, actions,
beliefs, appearance, or way of life is different; it does not mean that
he or she is suspicious.?  However, many of the activities described in
the document are basic practices of any individual concerned with
security or privacy online.  The use of PGP, VPNs, Tor or any of the
many other technologies for anonymity and privacy online are directly
targeted by the flyer, which is distributed to businesses in an effort
to promote the reporting of these activities.
Does anyone have any opinions on how this will impact Tor and it's users
in the United States?
It seems to me that anyone wishing to use Tor to protect themselves,
especially at cafes, would start being unnecessarily harassed.
Take care,
Chris
