
@_date: 2011-01-30 17:18:43
@_author: Eddie Cornejo 
@_subject: Is "gatereloaded" a Bad Exit? 
Forgive my ignorance but this seeks rather knee-jerk to me. Maybe I'm
missing something.
Everyone that uses TOR should acknowlege that all data that doesn't
use encryption before entering the TOR network. It's even in the FAQ
That means if I go to  I already acknowedge
that someone out there could potentially be monitoring my traffic -
regardless of whether I use TOR or not. In other words TOR does not
claim to protect against this kind of attack.
Furthermore we all acknowledge that any exit node could potentially be
monitoring our unencrypted traffic (As Andrew stated earlier "You are
correct in that we cannot detect recording of traffic.")
Finally there is no way that an exit node can directly affect the mode
choices by a client. Ie, apart from a particular node existing, there
is no way that a node could force a user to use it.
Therefore I submit that having these nodes, whether they are overtly
recording traffic or not, does not result in any harm to the TOR
network. In fact, their presence lessens the burden on the TOR network
as they are providing much needed bandwidth.
In addition, if a user was to attempt to use encryption then another
entirely separate exit node will be used instead (one that has a
policy that allows traffic on the specific port) So the user isn't
inconvenienced or forced to use an insecure protocol.
So, what's the threat? Why are you considering banning these nodes
when, by all accounts, I cannot see them having a negative impact on
the network as a whole (in fact, it's probably a positive influence)
FWIW, none of these nodes are mine. I used to run an exit node but I
don't any longer (with my new Internet connection speeds it's not
worth it)

@_date: 2011-01-30 18:07:11
@_author: Eddie Cornejo 
@_subject: Is "gatereloaded" a Bad Exit? 
Thanks for replying.
Actually, no I acknowledge that. I'm stating that this is a known
position. Regardless of whether you ban these nodes or not, ALL nodes
have the potential for reading unencrypted traffic. The FAQ I linked
clearly mentions this.
Above? I'm sorry but I don't think you've addressed this point. Exit
node A can't force user Z to use it.
A matter of opinion, but I'll accept it.
Ok, I accept that this might send a message to 50ish nodes (if you ban
all 50+) but if someone was so inclined they could still do this by
allowing encrypted traffic and throttling it/blocking it outside of
TOR (transparent proxy perhaps?) I predict this is worse as the user
client will believe node A will honestly relay encrypted traffic and
will select it on this basis, only to find their connection is slow or
doesn't fully connect. Admitedly, this won't be a huge problem unless
a good number of nodes started doing this.
My argument is that you're not identifying wolves. If you were serious
about identifying wolves then could I suggest you create some dummy
accounts, send your password through all exit nodes individually and
see which of your accounts are accessed. This would positively
identify wolves. All you're achieving by soley looking at exit
policies is identifying things that may or may not be wolves and
ignoring the larger body of exit nodes that may or may not include
wolves. I submit your testing is flawed.
I'm not sure I'm comfortable with dictating how an exit nodes
exitpolicy should be defined. Each policy should be up to the exit
node owner to decide. Just my 2c

@_date: 2011-01-31 21:27:43
@_author: Eddie Cornejo 
@_subject: Is "gatereloaded" a Bad Exit? 
I agree 100%. By all means try to identify those that are trying to
misuse the privilege of running an exit node by other means - but
solely looking at exit policies is not sufficient. All you're stating
to the community is "do it my way or the highway" and honestly, aren't
we better than that?
Blacklist them, sure, after you have *good* reason.
WRT grouping 80 and 443 later on, I'm totally against that as it
doesn't give operators the freedom to select what goes through their
nodes. If I was still running a node I'd disconnect it after you
implemented this 'feature' - purely in protest.
