
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:30:06
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
Is Tor ever going to include support for isolated, independent bridge relay communities that can host their own bridge directory authorities without relying on the centralized tor directory hosted by Peter Palfrader, Jacob Appelbaum and associates?
 From lurking here on the mailing lists and other places, Jacob and other core Tor staff and advocates generally seem to have a worryingly optimistic attitude toward the possibility of coordinated Tor censorship, crackdowns, network manipulation and attack, coordinated government raids upon Tor directory servers, or even assassinations against Jacob Appelbaum and other core staff and volunteers involved in the Tor project.
Is it really so difficult to conceive of situations that involve violent raids against the datacenters hosting Tor directory servers and their mirrors, attacks, possibly physically violent, involving full military force against Jacob Appelbaum and other critical developers, staff, volunteers and advocates?
You really think the governments of the industralized "first world" countries won't stoop that low?
One day, they will accuse Jacob and the other core developers of being domestic terrorists or whatever as an excuse to fire upon native citizens on domestic soil.
They will do it, one day.
This is why providing relatively trivial means to deploy one's own bridge communities with many pluggable transports in order to prepare for that inevitability.
The Bitcoin core developers and advocates will also be assassinated or eliminated militarily as well. It is inevitable.
You really think our governments won't stoop that low? They are little more than pan-handling bums attempting to justify their jobs at the taxpayer's expense, and feel entitled to our money.
Not only that, but they have the sheer unabashed chutzpa to presume they are legitimate in their entitlement, and have full authority to use our own taxpayer money against us, to enforce unjust laws, to inflict injustice against their own citizenry.
If they have absolutely no compunction about shoving CISPA or SOPA down our throats, feel no remorse for warrantless wiretapping and unlawful deep packet inspection, or forcing internet service providers into spying on their own paying customers, what makes you think they won't slay Jacob Appelbaum where he stands?
They will. They will, mark my words.
And when that happens, we must be ready. Jacob's legacy needs to live on. Christian Fromme, Roger Dingledine, Nick Mathewson, Andrea Shepard, Dr. Paul Syverson..., their legacy must live on, regardless of whether the government shoves them against a cinderblock wall and shoots them dead where they stand.
We must prepare for this inevitability. We need more pluggable transports, we need to break up the Tor relay network into distinct domains, we must make the tor relay network far more resilient to coordinated attacks, we need to decentralize the directory authorities and mitigate the horrifying damage in the event of directory authority compromise, and the subjugation and subversion of directory authorities, hidden services, user privacy and the physical safety of relay operators.
We need far more stringent entry and exit guard node policies, more flexible and informative relay server statistics and circuit routing We need bridge relay communities with independent bridge directory authorities that can be run by semi-isolated communities, including bridge communities within other overlay networks such as private OpenVPN, CJDNS or AnoNet networks. As it is, if the Tor client cannot connect to the centralized high-value targets controlled by the Tor project team, Tor is absolutely worthless and useless.
This must change. Tor should be usable by independent relay communities, specifically bridge relay communities with 100% use of obfuscation protocols or even clandestine communications methods.
For those who forgot, 'clandestine' means no one can even determine any communication is occurring, while 'covert' means that enemies can determine that communications are occurring, but not the content, and not necessarily the specifics as to who is communicating with whom.
Some people term it 'covert communication' where heavy use of steganography and obfuscation is used to hide traffic from detection and interception, but goes further than that, and makes traffic itself plausibly deniable, not just the content of or parties to a particular instance of communication.
Tor needs to evolve very rapidly and become impossible to detect, manipulate, intercept or interfere with, or it is going to very rapidly become irrelevant and useless.
Don't say I didn't warn you.

@_date: 2013-04-12 23:06:05
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
I know.
I believe it. I'm in the market for a bridge, if you'll sell one to me.
Well, "killing us all" wouldn't be necessary, just the core developers and the highest-profile advocates.
Minor contributors and patchers would be incapable of maintaining the Still, the possibility is entirely within reason.
Have you read about assassination markets? Are you familiar with that If you can use an anonymous assassination market to place bounties upon the heads of government officials, what makes you think they could not use the same systems to place bounties upon high-value activists?
I'm afraid I do not follow what you mean by "FAQs" since I do not see any overt interest (or developer consideration) concerning any of these I have not seen any stable Tor client release notes announcing private bridge authority decentralization.
Did I misread something?
I'm sure there are many NSA employees here. Contributions to cryptography make NSA awesome, but that is dramatically balanced by NSA wiretapping. My opinion of the NSA is thus ambivalent.
Though that is off-topic.

@_date: 2013-04-12 23:36:56
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
What reasons would you have, then?
I am too tired and physically ill with an upper-respiratory infection to dig through mailing list archives at the moment.
If it is important that I shoulder the burden of proof, remind me later when I'm not coughing up blood.
I do not understand how "taking a child to a theme park" relates in any way to Jacob Appelbaum being tagged and bagged.
May I ask for a clarification here?
That isn't quite as trivial as you make it sound, and really, it's It is a general consensus that the united states federal government has full access to the directory authorities and majority of guard nodes and exit nodes within the united states.
It is a general consensus that the Tor network provides only illusory anonymity to any user hostile to united states military supremacy.
The Tor network is a historical toy created by the united states military, and is just as possessed and controlled by the united states military as it has been from day one.
My point exactly.
Tor is not designed (in its current form) to even attempt to contest NSA control and manipulation.
Tor is already broken.
Services like The Hidden Wiki, Silk Road, and other high-profile hidden services are obviously honeypots and sting operations, since those hidden services would have been raided immediately abd their admins arrested without a court hearing or judicial oversight of any kind. Do no pass Go, do not collect 200 worthless united states dollars, go directly to Guantanamo Bay (or whatever the current replacement is).
Since when does the law matter?
In other words, Jacob Appelbaum is a united states military shill and Why does this not surprise me?
Just because the Tor network is worthless and merely an interesting toy in its current form does not mean it cannot lead to the development of networks that actually promote Internet liberty and privacy rather than being a united states military plaything and elaborate honeypot.
What exists now does not determine what exists in the future.
No, only a complete redesign of Tor and a new security and network model will make Tor relevant to Internet privacy.
The solution is to not publicize relay servers.
You break up the entire tor relay network into relatively isolated relay domains, and manually peer domain router relays.
Domain router relays onion route tor circuits from within relays within the relay domain. All tor relay traffic is obfuscated, not just tor bridge relays. In other words, ALL tor relays behave as bridge relays and heavily obfuscate traffic to thwart interception and detection.
The solution to that is to maintain mirrored repositories and provide nightly snapshot builds yourself using jenkins or something on your own privately-hosted gitorious instance and host the binaries repositories for your bridge community (or in my model, your relay domain)
The problem with RetroShare is that every time your IP changes, you are forced to manually renegotiate manual peering.
You think normal average users are going to have time for that?
Aint nobody got time fo dat.
Now, if RetroShare had a sophisticated DHT + PEX method for automated repeering with identities you have already permitted without compromising your RetroShare IP:port to malicious observers, that would make it a lot more practical and usable.
If RetroShare could be used over another overlay network such as GnuNET, CJDNS or Tor (once completely redesigned to eject NSA and Navy control from the network consensus and directory authorities), you would not really need to provide an elaborate automated repeering mechanism, but the RetroShare core developers are extremely hostile to the concept of tunneling RetroShare TLS links over an overlay.
General consensus is that RetroShare is nice, until one single friend-of-a-friend is careless and permits a law enforcement or military raid to reveal the existence of the F2F network, and from there, it's "like shooting fish in a barrel."

@_date: 2013-04-12 23:37:43
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
I must have somehow missed it.
I would really appreciate a link. I cannot seem to find it on my own.
Thank you in advance.

@_date: 2013-04-12 23:39:23
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
With the current Tor network model, this is apparent.
I might fork the Tor codebase and redesign the network from the ground up, and see what I can come up with.
Should be interesting.
Even if Tor cannot be salvaged, working with the traditional 3rd generation onion routing paradigm should be educational and instructive.

@_date: 2013-04-12 23:56:22
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
It fills me with indescribable patriotism, nationalist love for my country, the heartland, home of the free.
My experiences with tor imply the child porn archives, the silk road and other drug exchange markets, the hackbb and other cracker/carder communities and other high-profile hidden services (eepsites) are all implicitly honeypot sting operations run by the united states military and federal agencies.
My country is constantly vigilant, and protects us from all the evil drug-addled hippies, perverted child-lovers, dangerous cyberterrorists and other dissident intellectuals quietly preparing for countless acts of domestic terrorism and treason against my beloved country and her rightful representatives and public servants.
I love my country, I love my federal and state governments, and I have complete faith in the competency, legitimacy, authority and moral superiority of my beloved country's representatives and public servants.
I love how my country looks after us all like a doting father, performing deep packet inspection, email, sms text, phone call and skype message interception like a responsible and watchful father over his I love how my country obviously knows what's best for me, my family, my friends, my community, and fellow citizens and is stern but fair, disciplining us when we misbehave and rewarding us when we behave like model citizens.
I love how my country promises that if I have nothing to hide, I have nothing to fear but fear itself.
My country is obviously the best, hands down.

@_date: 2013-04-13 00:01:06
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
That would be lovely, since I am not a coder.
I can barely code proofs-of-concept in python as prototypes for demonstrative purposes.
Competent C/C++ coders would be much appreciated.
Thank you for the offer to contribute.

@_date: 2013-04-13 00:43:08
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
Because obviously criticism and actual concern for the well-being of a foss project is always trolling and threats.
I hope you aren't a contributor.

@_date: 2013-04-13 00:54:15
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
Though, with that attitude of yours, I'm afraid I'm uninterested in any "assistance" you may deign to bestow upon Gregory Disney and I.
I'm confident we can do just fine without your arrogance.
Obviously, your selfless concern for your userbase knows no bounds.
It concerns me that you refer to "we" as though you contribute anything to the tor project.
I'm sure the tor coders are going to be more than happy to support the foss ideals in this case in regards to codebase forking rights.

@_date: 2013-04-13 04:18:02
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
You wish.
I wonder why you insist on claiming that I intend to murder coders and It's not like you're going to spark an investigation.
Dream on.
Protip: It's because you don't matter.
At all.
FYI: This is my "I totally care about what you have to say face." :P

@_date: 2013-04-13 04:20:49
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
That is extremely unhelpful.
Merely running bridges on a huge ridiculously insecure public cloud does not equal running bridge authorities independent of the bridge authority run by the tor project.
I have still not gotten a straight answer about whether or not the bridge community featureset has been released in the stable tor client.

@_date: 2013-04-13 11:19:09
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
I don't mind helping. Despite what mike thinks, Tor matters to me.
It just needs some love, is all. :D

@_date: 2013-04-13 11:20:54
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
Oh, wow!
That's new!
Good job, guys!
How the heck did I miss that? I must have read that manual a hundred times, but I've never noted that particular command!

@_date: 2013-04-13 11:23:20
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
I just got done rea-- OMFG, that dick is in there.
lol TorButton and performance metrics.
No wonder I missed his name.

@_date: 2013-04-13 11:30:52
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
Someone quoted the Tor manual, and noted that one of the options is:
AlternateBridgeAuthority [nickname] [flags] address:port fingerprint
That sounds a lot more like I'm looking for.
All I need is patch an "AlternativeDirectoryAuthority" option, and there you go. :D
Not very many!
I mean, most overlays out there are NOT for anonymity, and they do NOT offer an equivalent featureset to Tor hidden services.
Sure, i2P exists, but who wants to spin up a huge honking java virtual machine just to participate in that relay pool?
Not only that, but i2P (last I checked) does not support IPv6 Eepsites, while Tor is (slowly) getting to that point.
IPv6 eepsites/hidden services is an important feature to me.
GNUnet or even more obscure overlays do not have stable featuresets regarding generic unmodified TCP or UDP services, be it over IPv4 or IPv6.
Sure GNUnet has IPv6 private VPNs on the eventual roadmap, and sure you could extend that to virtual interfaces, and sure you could enable linux or whatever to act as a router between those interfaces, you could even enable Quagga or whatever to swap an (alternative) BGP peering table, but GNUnet has a lot of other priorities, and isn't likely to get around to that anytime within the next two decades.

@_date: 2013-04-14 17:32:54
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
To be honest, I do that all of the time. I have reverse engineered skype to a certain extent and run massive clusters of virtual machines and virtual networks to reverse engineer the behavior of the skype network, and have very VERY heavily studied the skype api, all versions of it.
i did this with the sole purpose of taking the good ideas, concepts and features from it for purposes of planning on a new network, reimplementing the features i like, and cherry picking from HUNDREDS of other protocols and network models for my own overlay project.
In case you were wondering, the project is named Fennec, and I have not yet published a git repository for it, yet. I'm not ready.
Maybe so, but I personally prefer keeping java off my machines in any form.
I must have been misinformed. I know you can do it (in theory) with netcat or some other tunneling mechanism, such as tinc or quicktun vpns, but that's not a real solution.
I had not heard of onioncat.
I have heard of phantom, but I thought it was no longer actively developed, and had not been actively developed for years. Has it be quietly forked and developed somewhere I don't know about?
That would be cool. Too bad I can't code C.
Though, some coder and engie friends of mine are talking about kidnapping me from home and tying me up and forcing me to learn C or suffer the consequences.
These consequences are not safe for work, so I will spare your sanity.
This time. :)

@_date: 2013-04-14 17:34:11
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
If that feature already exists, then it shouldn't be that difficult to add a feature for additional or alternative directory authorities, since most of the code is written for me.
Cool beans.

@_date: 2013-04-14 17:36:12
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
That's not just one sad panda, right there.
That's a whole bamboo forest of suicidal depression.

@_date: 2013-04-14 17:45:07
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
That WOULD be ironic.
It still wouldn't surprise me, however.

@_date: 2013-04-14 17:50:31
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridge Communities? 
I don't see the problem. I HAVE been dismissed.
I'm surprised I haven't been IP-banned already, not that it would do any IP bans are trivial to circumvent, and that's without using Tor.
Which was my point. I don't want to see you guys hurt, even if you treat me like shit.
I hope so.

@_date: 2013-04-14 18:12:10
@_author: Alex M (Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cowardice and Hypocrisy 
Since I cannot reply to anonymous remailers, I will simply post my replies here.
Also note how I am not a coward. My IP address is right there in the Unlike you cowards, I really don't care if you block me.
I'm forking your code and making all of you irrelevant anyway.
Have fun with your lives.
Meh, I think I may be getting burned out.
I no longer care how I appear to a bunch of deadbeat good-for-nothings.
Tor is a huge honeypot, which means anyone who thinks they are hot shit for working on Tor is deluded.
So I may appear a fool, but I am far from alone in my foolishness.
Heh. Look at big man on campus.
Why don't you come to my house and say it, asshole?

@_date: 2016-04-05 21:58:27
@_author: Coyo Stormcaller 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Innocent Seattle Exit Operators And Privacy 
You have to be ready for anything and everything. If you can, prepare
for illegal raids. If you can't, move in and live with someone who can.

@_date: 2016-02-09 00:24:30
@_author: Coyo Stormcaller 
@_subject: [tor-talk] meek-azure was blocked in China for about 4 days 
Meek is pretty cool.
On Mon, 8 Feb 2016 15:02:03 -0800

@_date: 2016-02-26 17:28:42
@_author: Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Gmail locking Tor users out 
I was just about to suggest that.
I think only the web interface kicks Tor users out. I always use gmail
through IMAP (for PGP mail cryptography), and i've never had a problem.
You don't need any Javascript either. No web, no need for NoScript and
Adblock Plus.
I'd imagine it's only a matter of time before Google begins somehow
embedding advertisements in their IMAP interface, like Yahoo does, but
they haven't done it yet, and might not for some time.

@_date: 2016-02-28 02:05:36
@_author: Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Time for p2p, content addressed, 
Mass Surveillance, Sabotaging Traffic
Doesn't Tor Hidden Services (with some new load balancing and high availability patches) offer DDoS mitigation as an inherent Tor Network property?
It's also possible to put the server running the Tor Hidden Service set up as a HAProxy node load balancing to a set of Varnish caching proxies. It doesn't solve the problem of Tor Hidden Services' single point of failure, but if you use multiple .onion addresses to load the various elements of a webpage, it could help spread it out a bit.
Many web applications can use things like MySQL and PostgreSQL sharding and database duplication features, so you can spread the backend database over multiple servers. There's a lot of nifty things you can do.
If you MUST have clearnet IP addresses, you can put cheap, disposable VPS servers that act as varnish proxies that connect to Tor Hidden Services behind them. This could allow you to use multiple .onion addresses behind the VPSs.
There's various clever things you can do. To avoid DNS-based attacks, you could use things like BGP and LISP (location identity seperation protocol) or IPMasq routing rules to let a small set of IP addresses transparently load balance to multiple servers.
Clever load balancing techniques at the network and application levels with Tor in the middle could work wonders in avoiding the problems associated with services such as CloudFlare.
If you MUST use FQDNs, choose ccTLDs such as .ch, .ru, .io, and .se, country codes run by countries that resist attempts to illegally interfere with internet traffic.
CloudFlare should not be trusted blindly. Unless they can PROVE they have not been interfering with traffic or engaging in illegal or extralegal mass surveillance, you should find other, more clever methods of mitigating DDoS attacks and other network-level abuses. On Sun, 28 Feb 2016 06:42:33 +0200

@_date: 2016-06-06 07:51:11
@_author: coyo@darkdna.net 
@_subject: [tor-talk] A possible solution to traffic correlation attacks, 
IIRC, I2P does this to some degree now. They had Garlic routing from the beginning, but they've introduced padding, dummy traffic, exploratory tunnels, and random BitTorrent swarm traffic to help haystack potential target traffic.
I could be wrong, though. I'm just a kid with an interest in this stuff. I'm no engineer.

@_date: 2016-03-26 17:00:04
@_author: Coyo 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [DFW.pm] Announcement: TPF to send a few first 
I'm assuming that "YAPC" stands for Yet Another Perl Conference?
