
@_date: 2016-02-28 18:29:01
@_author: Jason Turning 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Time for p2p, content addressed, 
Mass Surveillance, Sabotaging Traffic
Cloudflare isn't just doing this with Tor, I have been getting it more and
more with my VPN service when not on Tor (old Chromebook). Checking the
wikipedia entry for the company this line stands out:
"Two of ISIS' top three online chat forums are guarded by CloudFlare but
U.S. law enforcement has not asked them to discontinue the service."
I'd bet if you took a hard look at their venture capitalist funding some
interesting links would emerge. I also saw that Google (investor in
Cloudflare), is going to be offering a similar service in the future. Has
anyone already done an investigation into Cloudflare and their funding?

@_date: 2016-01-01 17:54:08
@_author: Jason Turning 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why most democratic contries are most active users 
You'd have to look at population with access to broadband, aware of Tor and
their state sponsored spying, so of course you'd see more developed western
nations dominate.
Of course, there was just a study done that showed by policies implemented
vs the will of the population where they concluded the USA was an oligarchy
and not a democracy. Its common for American politicians to lie to the
slaves, I mean citizens, and then do the bidding of the elites that sponsor
them while going against the will of those that voted them in. Combine the
elite owned media properties (left and right) spinning propaganda with
citizens on prescription meds or self medicating and you have a pliable
base. And as an American citizen I'd say our regime is bloody just looking
at what they've done in Syria with over 200,000 Syrians killed all to
replace Assad for running energy infrastructure, selling arms, and making
money for us and our allies. As the good book says, all governments are
And when you factor in the west violated their agreement with Russia to
expand NATO around them following the collapse of the wall, with desires to
destabilize and control Russia with their own puppet to exploit their
resources, country and citizens, I'd say Russia has the higher moral ground
compared to the west today.
My two cents anyway.

@_date: 2016-01-26 01:47:39
@_author: Jason Turning 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Private Internet Access VPN drops Tor connection 
I use PIA with Tor and I don't have any trouble. I switch around too, US,
Canada, EU, Israel.... Lately I setup a bridge in France I manually added
to my devices and it seems to have made Tor circuits a bit quicker on setup
and more reliable overall.
