
@_date: 2008-08-14 09:31:33
@_author: Camilo Viecco 
@_subject: Vidalia exit-country 
Hi Dawney
If you have never run it before (or run it for a few days) the entries in the cache will be invalid. Leave it as is for about 30 seconds and the system will automatically refresh the entries once it has downloaded the geoip information from vidalia's geoip servers.
If you still have problems, you can contact me offline to check what could be the cause of the problem.
Just a little patiance (during startup) and thanks for giving it a try

@_date: 2008-08-20 21:53:32
@_author: Camilo Viecco 
@_subject: Vidalia exit-country 
There are no other dependencies expect a recent version of tor.
 Maybe is a terminology issue. Check if on the 'settings' page you find a button named 'Node Policy'.
If you find it click on it and enable 'Enable Vidalia Relay Policy Management', then enable 'Strict Exit Relay Management'
You should be set.
Let me know of you have more problems

@_date: 2008-08-20 22:18:02
@_author: Camilo Viecco 
@_subject: Vidalia exit-country 
Hello M
Thanks for giving it a try. I have comments inline
You can do multiple selections by pressing the 'Control (ctrl)' button when selecting
the second (or next) country.
It is a bug in the program. Exit countries should be saved. Thanks for finding it. I will fix it in a few days.
Placing any restrictions on the nodes most likely will reduce your anonymity. In particular limiting
the exit country significanly reduces your anonymity as it is much cheaper for an attacker to place
nodes in that country and thus your probability of selecting a 'bad' exit is higher.
Reducining the number of other nodes could 'possibly' be bad for your anonymity. Part
of Tor's attacker model assumes that there are many attackers that will not cooperate with each other.
There might be more academic studies about these effects, but none come to my mind at the moment.
Will let the list give you the pointers.
(I think 2007 PETS IX attack on Tor would be a place to start
Thank you for noticing AND submitting about the bug

@_date: 2008-08-13 14:51:54
@_author: Camilo Viecco 
@_subject: Vidalia exit-country  
Hello Maillist
As part of the 'google summer of code'(gsoc) I was able to add some of blossom's functionality to vidalia. The project consisted of adding a 'select exit by country' option to vidalia so that users could leverage the Tor network to select the 'perspective' of the network the wished to have. The idea is that many entities select their content based on the traffic ip address 'source' and users might like to have different perspectives easily controlled by them.
The project added a new 'tab' on the vidalia's settings window where users can select a country from where they want to 'exit'. Users can also select  countries they would like to avoid. There is no Tor version prerequiste to use this tool.
This exit aware vidalia version has been tested on windows xp(mingw), linux (2.6-386) and OsX(leopard-ppc) with both Qt 4.3.5 and 4.4.1.
Binary packages from windows(Thanks to Matt Edman) are available at:
    Unix tarballs are available at:
The source code can also be downloaded from the vidalia svn by doing:
svn co  exit-country-vidalia
Building instructions and prerequsites are the same as vidalia.  The
build requires cmake and qt.
The complete build instructions can be found at:
 Have a nice summer
Camilo Viecco
GPG (GPG) Key fingerprint = 0781 10A0 44CC C441 594F  E5A9 858A 173E 3EC5 EA42

@_date: 2008-10-22 11:02:09
@_author: Camilo Viecco 
@_subject: Performance 
The main reason why Tor currently has bad performance is that it
multiplexes multiple circuits (and therefore the streams in those
circuits) under the same TLS(TCP) connection. This is very important
from the security perspective, but causes problems when any link in the
circuit that you chosen is under congestion. When a link is under
congestion, packet drops in that connection will make the TCP connection
to slow down (tcp transforms reduced bandwidth into latency). Thus if
only one stream is of heavy traffic, the latency of all other streams
that share that connection will be increased. It is now known that bulk
traffic accounts for >40% of Tor's exit traffic (It is impossible to
estimate hidden traffic) thus there is a very high probability that you
are sharing the connection with one of those streams. Further if there
are any hosts in you circuit that do not use TCP extensions for high
bandwidth-delay products (windows machines have this options disabled by
default), this 'side-effect' would be increased.
To test this, even on a 'fast circuit' try making 2 bulk downloads while
simultaneously browsing.. the latency of the browsing will be abysmal,
even tough the total throughput is ok.
Currently, there are two research paths to solve this on Tor : A
proposal by Joel Reardon that creates per circuit and hop userspace TCP
stacks for each circuit and a proposal by Camilo Viecco (myself) to use
a single TCP session for active each stream from the application  at the
client to the exit node.
There is running source code (and a running network) for my proposal
mostly as a Proof on concept (that is ,the network is really small, ,the
code is still not ready for production, is not available as binaries,
nor compiles in windows machines (only linux, and osx)) but that you can
use now for testing purposes. To download from the public svn repo: 'svn
checkout */http/*://tdor.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ tdor-read-only'/ .
This code illustrates that you can have low latency while keeping
anonymity. I would love to hear more from testers, but I  will restate
the caveat : this network provides very little anonymity as I am in
control of all of the infrastructure (And why would you trust me).
I am very confident that some solution to the latency will be available
in Tor in the next two years, but for now we have to live with this
The paper with the traffic statistics is available here:

@_date: 2009-06-03 10:26:56
@_author: Camilo Viecco 
@_subject: SCTP 
I would wait until it can ubiquitously work behind NATs.
(Only FreeBSD has NAT SCTP support  and it was committed on Feb 2009).
