
@_date: 2008-06-02 05:05:35
@_author: Borked Pseudo Mailed 
@_subject: relay tidbits... 
Did you really expect supporters of a project dedicated to privacy to
appreciate your criminal snooping efforts?
Please remove the blog post where you are outing users who have done
nothing to you. Also please terminate the relay. Thank you very much.

@_date: 2008-06-04 00:05:44
@_author: Fritz Wuehler 
@_subject: relay tidbits... 
Do you run a middleman now and will you tell what its fingerprint is?
I'm surprised about how eagerly you admit to being exactly the kind of
person you need to protect against.
Are you the Kyle that is involved in a certain semi-notorious privacy
service that claims to be safer than Tor? Whose CEO can't sleep at
night because of all those honeypot exits in the anonymity network he
named his company after?  Caveat emptor.

@_date: 2008-05-18 02:51:36
@_author: Anonymous via Panta Rhei 
@_subject: lots of DMCA request's... (1/day) 
Don't know about the DMCA bots, but some people don't try to shoot the
messenger. It probably won't solve your problem, but you could try to
make it more obvious that you are running Tor, like some of the other
exit nodes do.
You could change the hostname that will show up in server logs from
plm.swopusa.org to the more descriptive tor-anon-proxy.swopusa.org.
The website at plm.swopusa.org only says "It works!" You could change
this to the don't blame me template.
This is what it says to DMCA complainers:
"If you are a representative of a company who feels that this router is
being used to violate the DMCA, please be aware that this machine does
not host or contain any illegal content. Also be aware that network
infrastructure maintainers are not liable for the type of content that
passes over their equipment, in accordance with DMCA "safe harbor"
provisions. In other words, you will have just as much luck sending a
takedown notice to the Internet backbone providers. Please consult EFF's
prepared response for more information on this matter."

@_date: 2008-05-08 09:59:39
@_author: Fritz Wuehler 
@_subject: Tor-only email 
Andy Dixon:
One thing to keep in mind if the intention of using Tor to access an
smtp server is to make the message and account anonymous:
The very first thing the smtp client does after establishing a
connection to the server is to introduce itself: EHLO . In
some cases, this would be the sender's real hostname, even if Tor was
used. In some cases this would not only be logged but also given to the
recipient through the Received: header the server added.
If I wanted to send mail this way, I'd look for a setting in the mail
client that would make sure it sends a fake hostname, or a plugin or
local proxy (think Privoxy) that would take care of it. Maybe there are
other ways.

@_date: 2008-05-14 17:00:37
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: "unnamed" exit nodes 
Don't know if it can be done using Vidalia only, but you could copy the
IP address of the node (which is visible in Vidalia) and find its
fingerprint with the help of TNS pages such as:
(use the search feature of your browser...)
Why do you want to block it anyway? If it behaves badly, you should
post its fingerprint so that others can block it too, and so the
directory servers can enable its bad exit flag.

@_date: 2008-05-01 17:55:02
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Small Sister Privacy Project 
Anon-server deals with anon mail.
The Mixmaster anonymous remailer network offers stronger anonymity than
Tor for e-mail. They can also be combined. (Tor -> Mixmaster)
Outbound SpamAssassin, Hashcash?
I haven't tried it, but I believe OmniMix by Christian Danner can
deliver messages to the MX using Tor.
If supported by the MTA, SSL can be used for private delivery. And then
there is PGP to make the message private from the mail server admin.
