
@_date: 2012-11-11 20:19:56
@_author: Dan Hughes 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What's written to HD? 
Does browsing with TBB installed on the HD or a USB stick and downloading files (.PDFs, S&M vids etc.;)) to a USB stick (but not opening online) result in the content of what's browsed or downloaded being written to the HD at all? If TBB does leave 'content evidence' on the HD, other than Tails are there any easy ways (i.e. for the technically challenged) to run Tor (TBB)? from within a liveCD or VM to prevent this?

@_date: 2012-11-12 05:21:34
@_author: Dan Hughes 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What's written to HD? 
No. TBB disables disk cache completely. What's written to disk is
updated consensus and state files for Tor, temporary files for Vidalia
controller authentication, and any manual changes you make to the
modified firefox and torrc.
We have an open task to figure out what's changing inside the OS and to
confirm zero user content is written to disk at any time. See tickets
 and
Thanks, but I'm still a little unclear. You say "no"- it's basically the TBB workings, but it seems an open question atm? So is there anything else apart from disk cache ...swap files..flash cookies (flash shouldn't be on but if it were, would it also leave traces that wouldn't happen with Tails, a liveCD or a VM?) I'm thinking TBB has more users than Tails - which usually hasn't the latest Tor version either.? So is there anything that the TBB can run inside of e.g a liveCD of some sort, or Tails itself??

@_date: 2012-11-17 08:24:35
@_author: Dan Hughes 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What's written to HD? 
And so most people would think does setting disk cache to 0 on bog standard Firefox, but it still leaves content identifying flash cookies on the HD. So "no" is a strange confusing answer imo. I take it that swap qualifies as the OS's fault ..seems like dealing with pedantic legal technicalities when it's obvious what a laymenis trying to ask! I've no idea why you thought that!
Again, i'm pretty sure there's is no confusion between the two here. I'm assuming Tails has it's entire gubbins in RAM; that's the whole point of it. But it does include Tor/Vidalia but older versions of them. I was imagining ( it's probably nonsense) that Tails could act as some type of VM (to insure no traces of anything end up on disk), whilst a separate installation of TBB say on a USB could run inside it like the other apps, and it take care of anonymity online instead of the older Tor that comes with it. Probably rubbish, but it seems Tails and TBB have different specialised strengths at the moment.
The question of swap files and hibernation raised by someone else is pretty fundamental. It's pointless and misleading just talking pedantically about disk cache as it doesn't matter to the user exactly what blows the gaff.
As far as I can tell: if you want to keep the computer clean, then use Tails. If you want to be anonymous, best bet is latest TBB. If you want both...then who knows ...
Some of you guys need a bit more understanding for us noobs who don't know what we're talking about.

@_date: 2012-11-18 00:20:46
@_author: Dan Hughes 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What's written to HD? 
Tor Browser doesn't write anything sensitive to permanent storage.
What your OS does is not under the control of the Tor Browser.
TBB design document -  -
"....the browser MUST NOT write or cause the operating system to write any information about the use of private browsing to disk outside of the application's control."
What the OS is 'caused' to do by the TB seemed pertinent enough to mention there. I suppose "cause" will be disputed, but bottom line for me was.. does it happen with TBB but not Tails?
Tor Browser doesn't include Flash, so Flash concerns are irrelevant.
What standard Firefox (or any other browser) does is not under the
control of the Tor Browser.
Yes, I was just pointing out that users could screw up in Tails and not necessarily have all the same result. Point taken though.
What your OS chooses to write to its swap file(s) is not under the
control of the Tor Browser.
But they were mentioned in the same paragraph as above of the design document.
And hey, I think I might have identified a patronisation leak from your first paragragh. shall I report it? Oh, no. Looks from the moderator that it's included in the forum design document. The rest of your post contains some useful information, some of which I knew, but I thank you for going to the trouble, even though you were obviously enjoying yourself far too much. :)
Thanks also to "anonymous" for that link about temp files - another example not covered by just "no", that your Human Rights activist with cr*p going on in their life, or ordinary person for that matter who doesn't have much computer knowledge would not be protected from with the TBB but probably would with Tails and likely would not realise it.
