
@_date: 2014-11-06 14:46:58
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Operation Onymous against hidden services, 
Tor is not a magic bullet.  If you have awful op-sec then Tor will do
nothing for you.  Running a secure and well hidden hidden service is
actually very difficult.
It may also be worth keeping in mind that governments are very powerful
adversaries indeed.  They have a lot of resources available to them to
identify you, the FBI in particular.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-11-07 10:17:12
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Operation Onymous against hidden services, 
Could be BBC misunderstanding things.  That does happen pretty regularly.
Of course, I'm not saying that someone hasn't broken Tor Hidden Services,
it would be an awful idea to categorically rule that out, but so far we
haven't seen any real evidence of it.  I just read through the arrest
warrant request for Benthall and didn't see anything in that besides
Benthall being stupid and the police being clever.
We'll have to wait for the charging documents to come out for those that
just got arrested to see how police allege to have found their hidden
services.  While parallel construction is certainly a possibility, and
one that I wouldn't rule out, I don't think it is likely.  And if they
are using parallel construction then what do you suggest that we do?
Without an understanding of how hidden services may be broken, there
is not much that can be done to fix the issue.
My recommendation, don't do stupid or illegal things using Tor or if
you do do them, make sure that your op-sec is top notch.  It only takes
one mistake to have your cover blown.  Law enforcement, particularly
US Law enforcement is a greater adversary than I think that most Tor
users will ever face being that they have absurd amounts of funding
and the time to do targeted attacks.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-11-07 11:43:43
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and Anonymous browsing etc. 
Hello Notenlightened,
Are you just looking for a general introduction to Tor, how it works,
and how to use it?
Or did you have any specific questions in mind.  We'd be happy to help
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-11-07 12:51:12
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and Anonymous browsing etc. 
You've already completed the first step, which is downloading the Tor
Browsing Bundle.  Tor hides your IP address (and therefore your I'll give you a quick and oversimplified explanation of how Tor
works, which should help you understand what you should and shouldn't
do in order to protect your privacy.  Usually when you connect to a
website your computer connects directly to that website, and unless
you are using HTTPS it does so in an unencrypted, easy to eavesdrop
on fashion.  When you use Tor, your connection first bounces through
three Tor relays (which are Tor servers run by volunteers around the
world).  These Tor relays only know about the hop before them and
the hop after them, this is to say, Relay 1 knows about you and
Relay 2, Relay 2 knows about Relay 1 and Relay 3, and Relay 3 knows
about Relay 2 and your destination website.
The website you are trying to reach only knows about Relay 3 and
that you are using Tor, not necessarily who you are or where you are.
The first relay of course knows who you are and that you are using
Tor, but not what for.
By limiting the knowledge that each person has in each step you
protect your privacy.  The Electronic Frontier Foundation produced
a page that explains it a whole lot better than I can though.
Tor hides your IP address, which is one of the primary ways that
people identify you online, but there are other ways as well.  The
Tor browser bundle is designed so that every copy of it looks the
same as every other copy of it that is browsing the Web.  This
makes it hard to distinguish two Tor users the same way that it
would be hard to distinguish two cars if every car was a white
Mazda.  You can run other software through Tor, and therefore
hide your IP address, but if you want the most protection you
should only use Tor with the Tor Browser Bundle and other software
designed to be used with Tor.
Your online habits also can give away your identity, just like
even if everyone was driving the same car you could follow a car
for a while until you figured out who it was.  If you are going
to do anything with the Tor Browser Bundle that might reveal
who you are you should click the Onion icon and then click
New Identity both before and after the activity.  This clears
all saved information out of the Tor Browser Bundle and selects
new relays to route your connection through.
Tor is not a magic bullet, it takes work to make it work.
A couple other things to note about making Tor work for you:
  * Do not torrent over Tor.  Most torrent clients won't use
    Tor anyways, and the ones that do put a considerable strain
    on the network.  As a courtesy and for your own protection,
    please do not Torrent over the Tor network.
  * Use HTTPS version of websites.  Tor Browser Bundle should do
    this automatically for most well-known websites, but for any
    that it doesn't you should use HTTPS where possible.  If you
    do not use HTTPS the last Tor relay can read and modify the
    data you are sending to the website if it wants to.
  * Don't open documents downloaded through Tor while online!
    Many types of documents will do things on the Internet when
    they are opened.  Word files, for example, might try to download
    a picture.  Since programs other than the Tor Browser Bundle will
    not, by default, be routed through Tor it is possible that opening
    a document will give away your identity!
I hope that helps answer your questions about what Tor is, what it
does, and how to use it.  Let me see if I can help you understand
some of the terms that you mentioned in your email that you
sounded confused about.
Tails: Tails is an entire operating system that is run through Tor.
      It is one of the most secure ways to use Tor, but a little bit
      more difficult to get set up than the Tor Browser Bundle.  If
      you are interested, I'd be happy to point you in the right
      direction for getting it set up.
Onion Routing: This is the type of routing that Tor uses to proect your
      privacy.  Tor actually used to stand for The Onion Router.
      It's called onion routing because each relay acts like a
      layer of an onion peeling off a bit of the message.
Blockers: Not sure if you are referring to blockers in code or folks
      blocking Internet connections? Some clarification would
      be nice.
IP Addresses: These are addresses used to identify computers online.
      They are sort of akin to postal addresses.  You could compare
      most Internet traffic to sending letters in the mail.  Most
      residential connections change your IP address every few days.
      Tor hides your IP address from websites you are visiting by
      routing your traffic through a series of Tor relays.
Bandwidth: This is the measure of how much stuff you can push through
      your Internet connection.  Tor is fast enough for regular
      web browsing, but using software that requires a high amount of
      bandwidth (like video conferencing) might not work very well
      through Tor.
If you have any questions or need something explained better please
feel free to ask.  Anyone else on the list, please point out to me
all of the mistakes I have inevitably made in my email that way I
can not make them when explaining Tor things next time.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-11-07 14:00:13
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and Anonymous browsing etc. 
The Onion program?  You should just need the Tor Browser Bundle.  You
didn't download something else separate did you?
You should not change the default settings in the Tor Browser Bundle
unless you understand the implications of the setting you are
changing.  You should not need any other software if you want to
browse the web anonymously, provided you follow the suggestions in
my previous email, the suggestions on the Tor website, and generally
just be careful.
I will just ignore your last question.  I'm not going to help you
break the law, even if it's a stupid one I disagree with.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-11-07 14:06:10
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Operation Onymous against hidden services, 
Could you please stop calling people that. Its rude.
That is somewhat sinister sounding, it also seems like bad news for the
Tor Project.  Depending on where the defendants live, they may have to
reveal this information at trial.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-11-07 15:07:43
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Operation Onymous against hidden services, 
Previous poster is clearly a government agent sent here to sow
discontent and mistrust amongst Tor users leading to our eventual
downfall. :P
Certainly not everyone on the list can be trusted, but it does
sometimes feel as though people just toss around accusations haphazardly.
And clearly there are also some major issues with Tor HS.
A certain amount of paranoia is healthy as well, especially given that
all of us on this list are almost certainly targetted as the NSA at least
already targets regular users of Tor,[0] so I imagine they would target
those of us who make up the Tor community.
Still, I do think its rude to accuse someone of being a plant when
there is no real evidence of it.  I'd argue it is counterproductive
because people will ignore it, and then when you do want to call someone
out it won't make it through to folks.
Perhaps it is that I am the only one bothered by it in which
case I'll just have to deal with it.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott
"All hail the new world order."
[0]:

@_date: 2014-11-07 16:29:25
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Namecalling and Paranoia (was Operation Onymous 
Indeed.  We live in a strange strange world.
One section of the US Government (the NSA) wants to break Tor and
spends tons of money to do so, while another section of the US
Government spends money making Tor more secure.
(I've changed this threads title in case it continues on, but I'm
pretty much read to let it die, sorry for getting so off-topic)
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-11-10 09:32:29
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Blog: "Thoughts and Concerns about 
In Did anyone else notice that he said he was in
Eastern Europe and then referenced the first amendment?
Has that just become shorthand for freedom of speech?
Curious as someone who lives in the United States and
therefore wouldn't know.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-11-11 08:35:53
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 10 years of Firefox 
Hello all,
Have you guys seen this post on the Mozilla website?
Apparently they are adding a forget button to Firefox
and also adding DuckDuckGo as one of the default installed
search engines.
Has anyone spoken to them about using this as an opportunity
to get more Tor patches integrated?  It seems like this
update is geared toward privacy.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott
Computer Specialist
Alizee Pathology

@_date: 2014-11-12 08:20:16
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] anonabox : the Tor hardware router 
I was wondering when this would happen.  Any idea if this is from the
guys who put together the box or just some random dude?
If they want to make a good image for themselves, I'm not sure that just
copy/pasting their text from Indigogo onto this mailing list is the best
way to go about it...

@_date: 2014-11-12 15:19:08
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] FW: [Wikitech-l] Tor relay 
Just wanted to pass this on to everyone.  This is great news.
It's not as great news as if they had decided to take the
route Facebook took and run a hidden service, or if the English
Wikipedia community decided to allow editing for Tor users, but
it is still fantastic news to hear.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott
-----Original Message-----
Sent: 10 November 2014 04:11
This is just a quick update that as of late October, WMF is officially
hosting a Tor relay:
This is not an exit node, and it's just a small contribution to the
network. Really - anyone can do it: We want to note that editing via Tor is a whole other matter, and I
would refer to previous conversations on this list if you have questions
about the current state of things. We also currently have no plans to
run an exit node or a hidden service, but we're open to suggestions for
additional ways in which WMF can support anonymity and privacy.

@_date: 2014-11-13 08:45:38
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] anonabox : the Tor hardware router 
I disagree.  I'd rather have more people using Tor even for things
where identity is an essential part of authenticating you, like a bank.
I'd rather see the bank move to other methods.  If we can obsolete
automatic location based identification I think that is a good thing.
You should be able to share your location with your banks website, but
it should not automatically be able to gather it.
This I can agree with.
Why wouldn't Amazon shopping provide Tor users with cover?
This is definitely a problem that I would love to see worked on some.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-11-13 08:47:50
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "Hidden Services" vs "Onion services" 
I'm actually a big fan of onion service and onion sites.  That is what
I have always called them when teaching people about Tor.  I tend to
call the collection of all hidden services "onion land".
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-01 09:57:22
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Wikimedia and Tor 
Hash: SHA1
Good day all,
About once a year the topic of Tor comes up on Wikimedia's technical mailing
list.  I recently raised the topic again.  For those who aren't aware of the
situation, currently Wikimedia blocks all edits from Tor users.  We are trying
to find a way that it might be possible for us to lift that block, while not
exposing ourselves to the abuse that seems to inevitably come from Tor and
other proxy services.
The biggest concern that I have seen is how do we prevent sock puppets.  It
seems that when Tor was unblocked it was regularly used by people who had been
blocked from editing to evade those blocks.  There have been a couple of ideas
thrown around in the past, but most of them have some sort of objection.
I was curious if any of you here might have any ideas?  How can we verify that
a person is who they say they are, and block them if they are abusive in such
a way that it is at least difficult for them to evade the block, but that does
not impose a requirement so high as to be prohibitive to those who aren't
causing issues?
We've thought about setting up infrastructure for Nymble, but that would
require Tor users to expose their IP address in order to get a Nymble token.
We have also thought about blind signing certificates which are then used to
verify a person is the same as before, but it would be trivially easy for
someone to get a new one.  We've thought about putting all Tor edits into a
review queue, but that imposes too high a cost on our other volunteers.
Fingerprinting Tor users seems both unethical and difficult, requiring some
form of donation seems unethical, difficult, and possibly illegal, and
requiring accounts to be created without Tor exposes Tor user's IP addresses.
We really don't want to collect private information from Tor users like phone
numbers, government IDs, etc. as that information isn't collected for anyone
else and seems especially sensitive for Tor users.
A more personal note, this email is being sent from my work email address as
I use it for list subscriptions (I spent 12 hours a day at work or commuting
so this makes lists much easier to keep up on), but I will be signing my emails
with my personal PGP key and any off-list messages to me should probably be
directed there.
Additionally it should be noted that I have a passing familiarity with Tor as
both a user and recently became an exit relay operator, though if I missed
something blindly obvious, definitely please point it out to me!
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott
User:Zellfaze on English Wikipedia
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: GnuPG v1.4.2 (MingW32)
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 2014-10-01 13:49:19
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How does Tor help abuse victims? 
I know of at least one use case that I have personally seen.
A lot of abuse victims have never told anyone or have told very few
folks that they are victims of abuse.  It's one of those things that
people just don't feel comfortable talking about, and for a good
reason, as abuse victims are often stigmatised by our society and
there is a great deal of victim blaming that happens.  There exists
online a number of websites where victims of abuse can privately
get together to discuss their past or current abuse and find ways
to either get out of the situation or move on with life.
These sorts of things are a godsend for such people.
Another use-case would be the anonymous reporting of abusers.  In
this case someone who is not the abuse victim, but knows of the
abuse can report it without fearing reprisal from the abuser.  This
is the same sort of logic that led to anonymous tip lines for police
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-01 14:10:39
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Wikimedia and Tor 
Hash: SHA1
We do not usually permanently block IP addresses, and blocking them
only prevents editing not reading.  The purpose of a block is not
punitive, but to prevent abuse long enough that the attacker gives
up and moves on with life.
Blocking an IP address for a week to a couple of months and working
to identify IP addresses that permanently belong to organisations
such as schools or libraries stops the vast majority of abuse.  We
also work with Sysadmins at schools and libraries to get them to
pass XFF headers through their proxies so that we can block
individuals on their networks rather than the entire network.
I agree that blocking Tor or proxies is a pointless exercise, but I
can't argue with the folks that say that most of what comes from Tor
is abuse.  This is why I want to try to find a better way to solve
the problem than just blocking Tor (or for that matter proxies in
general as any solution to this should work pretty well for them).
Yeah, I was just listing off some items that we came up with brainstorming
over the past few years.  Clearly that item was cut fairly quickly.  Some
type of proof of work might work, so long as it was expensive enough to
deter attackers after the first few times while still cheap enough to
generate just once for well behaved actors.
Indeed.  In some parts of China and Iran Tor is one of the only ways to
even read Wikipedia.
I agree that it harms numerous innocent users, but it does stop those
wish to hurt Wikipedia's content or community who are savvy enough to
know how to evade a simple IP block, but not savvy enough to know
how to set up their own proxy server.  This is apparently a surprisingly
large set of people.
Just a note.  I've never had to stop abuse from Tor and the only evidence
I have for the abuse is ancedotal stories from those who have.  It is
those people though that I have to convince to allow Tor because without
their support I stand no chance of getting it unblocked.  I am working on
trying to get together an idea for a limited trial with Tor unblocked
to see what happens, but I will be able to convince folks to unblock
Tor for a few days to gather data.

@_date: 2014-10-01 14:42:08
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Wikimedia and Tor 
Hash: SHA1
There is a mechanism for this.  It is called an IP Block Exemption (IPBE),
sadly it is very hard to get because people fear its abuse so much.  I have
actually only just got it after I brought up the topic of Tor and talked
to some folks off-list about why Tor matters to me.  I've been editing
Wikipedia for over five years now.
Generally they point to the fact that you can just turn off Tor when you
want to edit Wikipedia, which misses the point, but is still the general
response.  Erik Moller, Deputy Director, at the Wikimedia Foundation,
actually tested the system for getting an IPBE once a few years ago and
it failed his test miserably.  The criteria are too high for most users,
even established ones.
Anyone can email in to get an account made, its getting the IPBE that is
We have a system for handling emailed in requests of all sorts.  We make
use of OTRS to handle the sites email inboxes and have a limited number
of highly trusted volunteers that handle answering mail and making sure
requests, like account creation, get directed to the proper people.
Definitely.  And the system you describe in your email is basically the
status-quo.  Tor and all other proxies we can find are blocked unless you
have an IP Block Exemption on your account, in which case you are good to
go.  The problem is that getting an IP Block Exemption is so difficult
for a variety of social and policy reasons.
I'm hoping that if some sort of technical solution can be come up with
that would allow us to reduce the risk of abuse to the level that we have
with non-anonymous IP users editing (so blocks work in most cases, except
for that odd guy who knows how to set up a proxy themselves, or is willing
to drive to 15 different Wi-fi hotspots around town) that I will have
more luck in changing the attitudes and policy towards Tor.  The end
goal is to either have Tor completely unblocked or have the process
for getting an IPBE made significantly easier.
A few folks pointed out on the Wikimedia technical mailing list that the
problem is more of a social issue, that appears like it could have a
clever technical solution, but is really just a social problem.
Personally I believe that while it is partially a social problem, a clever
technical solution might alleviate that some and help change attitudes.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-01 15:46:21
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Wikimedia and Tor 
The logs for this mailing list are publicly available.
Don't say anything you don't want the world to know.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-01 15:50:52
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Wikimedia and Tor 
Hash: SHA1
I think you may have misunderstood.  An IP Block Exemption is a flag
applied to a specific account that allows it to ignore IP blocks.
There are two types of blocks that we use for IP addresses, hard blocks
and soft blocks.  A hard block means that if you are using that IP address
you cannot edit Wikipedia.  A soft block means that if you are using that
IP address, you can edit Wikipedia, but only if logged in, and you cannot
make an account.  Many highschools are soft-blocked.  All of Tor is hard-
blocked.  Having the IPBE flag on your account allows you to treat all
hard-blocks as though they are soft-blocks.
Did that explain it any better?
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-01 16:18:07
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Wikimedia and Tor 
Hash: SHA1
No worries.  Such things happen; I could have been more clear.
I'm glad to hear that!
I'll read those and see what I can get out of them.  I'm
glad that Lane has been involved in trying to work on this as well.  A while back he offered to work with me on a project if I wanted
to.  Perhaps this would be the oppurtunity to take him up on that as
we seem to have similar goals here.
This was actually one of the posts that inspired me to try to take some
action on this.  See [1] for my original post on Wikitech-l where I
mention that very blog post.  Roger mentions Wikimedia several times
in his blog post.
I've tried to do that with the Wikitech-l discussions.  I tried to read
through all of the previous discussions on the topic and sum up their
contents so that everyone was up to speed and could quickly figure
out what had been discussed before and why it didn't work.
You can see that post here: [2].  It might actually be worth giving
a look over even as this is a topic that has been discussed at least
a few times already in the Wikimedia Technical community.
You're welcome! Hopefully I can keep it online.  I went with Leaseweb
as they seem to be pretty friendly to relays.  I'm in talks with a
local datacentre here in my city in the United States to see if they'll
let me run a relay out of there as well.
Also I appologise to everyone for my long posts. I know that they are
a lot to read.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott
[1]:  at lists.wikimedia.org/msg78218.html
[2]:  at lists.wikimedia.org/msg78225.html

@_date: 2014-10-01 16:33:19
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Wikimedia and Tor 
Hash: SHA1
So I don't actually administer blocks on English Wikipedia, and I am not
an editor on any other language Wikipedias, but on English Wikipedia this
is what I understand the process to be.
When a user acts up and has an account we temporarily block that account.
If they decided to create another account we usually block the new account
permanently and hard-block the IP address that they are accessing the site
from.  This prevent them from making a new account or sockpuppeting while
logged out.  Most users don't evade blocks, so this tends to work pretty
With Tor unblocked a significant minority of those users who had their IP
address hard-blocked will use Tor to create new accounts and continue
to cause problems.  With Tor blocked they have to find another means.
Some of them do, but most of them give up.  Its a war of attrition.
We know that problematic people /will/ find a way to cause a problem,
we just make it expensive enough that they get bored and don't bother.
We block all proxies that we know of for the same reason.  Apparently
that significant minority of folks that would abuse Tor seems to
outnumber those who legitimately use Tor, or at least that is the
impression those who have to clean up the mess have.
The point of an IP Block Exemption (IPBE) is to give an especially
trusted user the ability to login and edit even if they are doing
so from a hard-blocked IP address.  All administrators automatically
have this flag.
As far as I know the reason why it is not given out easily is that
in the past some users would create extra accounts before they were
blocked, and make some constructive edits with those accounts.  Then
when their main account was blocked, they would wait long enough for
the IP addresses on the sleeper accounts to be removed from our logs
and then request IP Block Exemptions via email.  This is also why
you can't just email in and say "Hey, can you make me an account
please and give it an IPBE? kthxby"
Personally I think the policy for IPBEs has swung too far in the
direction of never-give-them-out, but I don't think I will have
any luck changing that unless I can find some way to help assure
that it is still very expensive for vandals and sockpuppets to
use Tor and proxies to evade blocks.
Does that answer the question?  Or am I still unclear?
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-02 08:52:05
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Wikimedia and Tor 
Hash: SHA1
I'm not sure if you are saying "Tor is soft-blocked, so what is the
problem?" or "If we soft-blocked Tor there would be no problem." So
I'm going to attempt to address both.
==Tor is soft-blocked==
Tor is not currently soft-blocked.  It is hard-blocked along with
all other anonymising services that we have been able to find.
This means that if you want to edit any Wikimedia project and you
want to use Tor to do it you need:
* An already existing account at Wikimedia
* Be either an Admin or have been given an IP Block Exemption
Getting a Wikimedia account isn't hard, even through Tor.  The
second item though is prohibitively hard.  Becoming an admin takes
multiple years for many people, and getting an IPBE has the
unofficial requirements of having been around a long time (think
months to years), having made significant contributions, and having
a demonstrated need.
During the time that you are trying to fulfill those requirements
you are editing without the use of Tor.  This exposes the identity
attached to the account and makes it non-anonymous even when you
do use Tor, though using Tor would still likely provide some
benefit if you needed to hide your location but not your real life
The current situation with Tor hard-blocked makes it near impossible
to realistically edit Wikimedia projects using Tor without exposing
your identity.
==Tor could be soft-blocked==
Imagine the following scenario: You get blocked on Wikipedia for
being abusive in a discussion.  You open up Tor, create a new
email address somewhere, email in requesting an account so you can
edit via Tor, get the account, go back to making someone's life
miserable.  You can repeat this as many times as needed until they
finally quit the project and you are victorious.
Or this scenario: There is a discussion going on about whether or
not to include a particular piece of embarassing information in
an article about a particular person.  There are pretty much good
arguments on both sides of the discussion so its going to come down
to how many folk support those arguments.  The opinion you have is
in the minority, but not to worry, you just, over the next two or
three days, request a number of account be made and use those
accounts to pitch your support for your preferred idea.
Both of these would be fairly easy to detect, but they still waste
valuable time and energy of folks, and both are easily expanded
upon to be more effective.
For scenario one: Make some of those accounts ahead of
time, make a few good edits with them just to confuse folks later,
and then just let them lie dormant until you need them.
For scenario two: Make a few accounts slowly and keep them active.
Then use them to sway discussions in one way or another.  This
would be really hard to detect, or at least prove, with Tor.
Both of those enhancements already happen, but with Tor they
would be signficantly harder to detect and block because of the
lack of useful IP address information and the inability to
hard-block Tor without hard-blocking all of Tor, which in the
end is what was decided to be done to fix the problem.
If we can find a way to make it expensive for those sorts of
folks to create new accounts, expensive enough to deter all but
the most crazy of the puppeteers, while still cheap enough to not
deter that guy in Super-Evil-Regime, then I think that there may be
some hope of changing the culture that says "Tor leads to nothing
but trouble."
By soft-blocking Tor instead of hard-blocking Tor, without any
additional measures in place, we may be opening the flood gates to
all manner of easily conceived abuse.
I liked the GPG idea, and brought it back to Wikitech-l. I'll let
you guys know if anyone there finds a way to completely break it.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-02 09:17:19
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Wikimedia and Tor 
Hash: SHA1
Sure, its a problem I care a lot about.  As far as a I know there are
not usage statistics about Tor usage at Wikimedia.  I really wish there
were.  I've brought up the idea of a limited trial period where Tor is
unblocked for a short time (say a few weeks to a month) in order to
collect such data.
I brought up the idea in the technical mailing list, which is the
wrong venue, just to gather some feedback on it.  Once I have my
proposal better formulated I may send it to the community at large.
Sadly these trial period proposals have a rocky history at Wikimedia,
and even if I can make a strong argument and lots of assurances that
it will go away at the end of the trial, I may still not get approval.
Currently they are all hard-blocked as well.  They are handled the exact
same way that Tor is currently.  I'm hoping that any solution that can
be applied to Tor can be applied to them as well.
In very limitted circumstances IP Block Exemptions may be given to highly
trusted editors who have no choice but to edit where they are censored.
For example an IP Block Exemption might be given to an editor of two years
who begins attending a new University where Wikipedia is blocked for some
IP Block Exemptions are also automatically granted to any administrator.
The reason I've been told, why IPBEs are so difficult to acquire, is past
problems with abuse of them.
Two things not quite related to your question, but related to the thread
as a whole.  I've reached out to Lane Rasberry to see if he'd be willing
to help out with this again, and I'll be spending some time to read over
the text that Lane had found and posted back in February.  It looks like
this has also been discussed on Meta (Wikimedia's wiki for discussing
Wikimedia wikis) several times.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-02 10:07:49
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Wikimedia and Tor 
Hash: SHA1
I'm not entirely sure what you are suggesting?  Are you suggesting
we leverage specify some portion of a SHA1 hash and require that
the Tor clients trying to edit Wikipedia create a hidden service key
that ends up matching that?
Or are you suggesting that we do something involving requiring editors
using Tor to create a hidden service with a certain hostname (are those
hostnames called descriptors, I think they are, but I'm not 100% sure)?
Or something else entirely.

@_date: 2014-10-02 14:33:03
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Edward Snowden (was: Tor in the media) 
Hash: SHA1
Sorry for not returning your email last night.  I am doubtful anyone
on this list knows how to get in touch with Mr. Snowden.  We all use
Tor, but not everyone who uses Tor knows everyone else who does.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-03 08:59:53
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor in the media 
I would be happy to stalk users of my relay for a while if anyone is willing to
help me set it up.  It would have to be a short time period and the logs
would have to be shredded afterwards for privacy reasons, but if we want actual
data, this seems to be the best way to do it.  There are some strong ethical
questions in logging all traffic from a relay, but I can't see any other way
to get this sort of data.
Given my relay is fairly new to the network, it doesn't have a huge amount
of traffic, so it wouldn't affect too many people.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott
PS: Don't have my GPG key available on me at the moment, so I'll verify
this was me later.

@_date: 2014-10-06 15:06:29
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] isp monitoring tor 
Hash: SHA1
I tend to agree with the other response that more information is needed to
really answer this question well, but generally speaking, if you are using Tor
correctly, your ISP should only know that you are using Tor, not what you are
doing with Tor.
The ISP of the exit relay that you end up using will know someone is visiting
these website using Tor, but not who.
If you use a Tor bridge, then it should be much harder for your ISP to tell
that you are using Tor.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-07 15:11:34
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Another Tor is Possible, Kane/Ksec 
Hash: SHA1
I notice that the scheme also requires the directory servers to be the
folks that choose the random path that a message takes through the Tor
network.  This seems like a poorly thought out choice to me.  If a
directory turns out to be untrustworthy it could easily route a client
through a path that allows it to determine who the client is, what they
are sending, and to whom they are sending it.
This scheme in general gives a lot of power to the directory servers.
At least that is my reading of it.  I'm definitely no expert in this
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-10 09:17:04
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] (no subject) 
Hash: SHA1
This is the wrong venue for this request. I am highly doubtful that
anyone here knows Edward Snowden.  This is comparable to walking
into the auto dealership where Snowden bought his car and yelling,
"Yo does anyone here know this guy."  You got a few no's and a
couple of suggestions for where to look.  Shouting further will
not likely net you any further leads.
Now if you'd like to buy a car... (discuss Tor and Tor related topics)
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-15 09:57:11
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] List Administrivia 
Greg, I applaud your thoroughness in your search, in that you know he uses
Tor, so you figure you might as well check here, but everyone here has said
they can't help you.  Several have offered up alternative venues (like
contacting Greenwald).
I would agree with blocking Greg at this point.  The emails are off-topic and
mildly annoying.  I would also tend to agree that asking repeatedly for
someone to hook you up with Ed Snowden is rude.
He has also emailed me personally off-list tried to get in touch with me in
other venues.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-15 14:39:40
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Social Research on TOR in Turkey during March2014 
Even better would be to use the Web of Trust, but I don't think
I've ever actually seen someone do that...  too few people going
to keysigning parties I guess.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-20 09:55:02
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What was the academic paper in which 
And also in the CCC-TV media archive.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-23 14:37:53
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor in other software 
Good day all,
Would it be useful at all, when developing other software,
to route its communications through Tor?
I'm mostly just curious if it would be useful to the Tor
project to design software that makes use of Tor in order
to help provide more cover traffic for the Tor network.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-24 10:14:54
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] STIX Fonts in TBB 
Hello all,
I'm currently troubleshooting an issue that occurs sometimes when
visiting pages on English Wikipedia when using the Tor Browser
Bundle on Windows.  It's a fairly minor issue where the font
that is used to render the body text of the article is changed
to Times New Roman on pages that make use of the MathJax Mediawiki
You can see the issue on Bugzilla here:
I've been asked if TBB ships with STIX fonts, and I haven't a
clue.  Does anyone here know?
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott
Computer Specialist
Alizee Pathology

@_date: 2014-10-24 10:18:20
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] STIX Fonts in TBB 
It has been determined that it does not.
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott

@_date: 2014-10-31 16:25:20
@_author: Derric Atzrott 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Facebook brute forcing hidden services 
He wouldn't get it if he advertised that Facebook was
null routed though right?  As in he rejects it in his exit
Thank you,
Derric Atzrott
