
@_date: 2010-10-02 14:59:42
@_author: David Bennett 
@_subject: Torbutton 1.3.0-alpha: Community Edition! 
There is no reason why not.  As long as there are no obvious risks with
a  user clicking on a public tor:// URL and initiating the proxy layer. My understanding of the implementation is that all traffic occurring in
the host browser after a tor:// request is initiated would be re-routed
unless the 'tor' schema handler launched a separate host browser.   This
may not be the intention of the user and may conflict with accessing IP
whitelisted services (FTP hosts, etc...)
I haven't tried the new version yet,  is there a descriptive popup that
explains what's happening when a user clicks a tor:// or tors:// ?
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-10-02 15:58:15
@_author: David Bennett 
@_subject: beneficia versus maleficia 
I am facing a moral dilemma in regards to joining the tor proxy
network.  I am hoping a discussion may alleviate some of my concerns.
On the pro side we have a group of individuals whose intentions for
using the technology are consistent with common values.  These include
uses such as researching medical conditions and accessing/providing
knowledge forbidden by an authoritarian presence.  On the con side, the
technology can be used for diabolical purposes such as predatory and
violent behavior (for example; pedophilia and bomb making).
The technical challenges of discriminating between these uses are
elusive at best.  One facebook session may be noble while another may be
predaceous.  Although risk associated with enabling an individual to
overcome obstacles in the quest for knowledge is acceptable to me, the
thought of enabling a devious mind to harm other individuals is hard to
I'd like to hear other thoughts and comments about this.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-10-01 12:32:35
@_author: David Bennett 
@_subject: Torbutton 1.3.0-alpha: Community Edition! 
Drake is correct, I don't think that scheme transport swap method is a
great idea. That being said, the ability to bookmark a site securely is advantageous. Plus, relative URL's referenced on a host would inherit
the scheme.
Based on:
    I agree that tor+scheme or tor.scheme would be a better nomenclature. It
appears that +, _ and . can be used as separators. For example:  tor.mailto:user at someplace.org could use an SMTP anonymizer.
I do understand why it was implemented this way.  Scheme stacking would
be much more difficult to pull off given current browser technology.  To
the best of my knowledge, there are no browsers that would easily
support this.
If you could specify tor.* as a scheme and that scheme would launch tor,
set the proxy in the browser and then reprocess with the rvalue
recursively then this would be feasible However, it would require
non-trivial customization of the browser.
I can think of other uses for this such as blind.http:// that would
launch a non-visual accessibility browser.  Then the visually impaired
user could access anonymously using:
    tor.blind.http://
Someone needs to write a 'scheme stacking' URI extension RFC.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-09-20 03:22:57
@_author: David Bennett 
@_subject: A few questions and potential answers: 
Bad Guys == Anyone blocking or monitoring a persons access to knowledge
Q: What is to stop operatives working for the bad guys from running
tor proxies from 3rd party locations? Granted, they would only be able
to sample a portion of the traffic, but traffic that they did sample
could lead to identification of users. It doesn't seem like it would
be that hard to match up the encrypted client side requests with the
un-encrypted outgoing requests.
PA: The only solution I can think of here is centralized control of
the proxy network provided by a press/media sponsorship model as
opposed to the bandwidth volunteer model. It's to easy for bad guys to
infiltrate the volunteer network. It would also be easier to swap in
and out new proxies as they are blocked. runtime selection of
alternative proxy networks would be a nice feature.
Q: I have noticed lists like:  that appears
to be a list of tor proxies. What's to stop the bad guys from blocking
the entire proxy database? My understanding is that countries like
Iran have the national ISP market under their thumb.
PA: There needs to be a way to deal out proxies to clients without the
ability to easily reveal the entire network to anyone. Perhaps even
semi-static assignments similar to DHCP. Of course, there is also the
problem of 'blocking the dealer' similar to the P2P security issues
with trackers. Ultimately, to really make this fool proof, there would
need to be a way to communicate proxy dealers offline (verbally /
off-network) in a concealable way.
Q: How can we address bad guys blocking port 443.
PA: Proxies should be able to hide behind other services such as
25,80,110. Also nice would be a 'spoof greeting' feature that would
simulate a 'normal' service for that port before a magic code was
sent. Of course, the magic code would need to be changeable (possibly
dynamically by a proxy dealer).
Q: What about DPI which can provide encryption protocol info to the
bad guys (if not the payload).
PA: plug-in packet obfuscation, possibly agreed upon between proxy and
dealer and embedded in a magic code given by the dealer to the client
then provided back to the proxy in the request header. This could be
implemented by means of a tiny secure VM that ran small byte-code
obfuscator programs shared between proxy and dealer and referenced by
the magic code. Even though the bad guys could run the VM
de-obfuscator, it would be challenging to implement at OSI levels 1-4
given current technology.
The ultimate idea would be to keep the Bad Guys busy chasing their
tails and break them through over investment in competence. As they
attempt to keep up with the changing methodologies they become victims
of their own system of control, meanwhile they have less time to do
their normal bad guy stuff. Basically, the circumvention tool itself
becomes an agent provocateur.
--dbennett at bensoft.com
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
