
@_date: 2017-08-10 14:51:19
@_author: Duncan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] torproject package repository 
Hi Joe,
Joe Btfsplk:
Tor Browser is not hosted in the Tor Project's deb repositories because there are concerns that people would not update their browser when a new version is released - Tor Browser basically has automatic updates already (in that it puts a scary warning when you start it up and it detects that it is out of date) so the concern is that people don't refresh their Debian repository as often as would be necessary to get crucial updates to Tor Browser.
For future reference, Mint is based on Ubuntu. Find out the corresponding version that Mint is basing on, and use the Tor Project's Deb repository for that (this is almost certainly how it has been configured). I don't know what Mint's policy is but I'd be very surprised if this was default. Maybe you added it and forgot about it at an earlier date. I suppose it's possible they have it listed under additional repositories for the sake of convenience for Mint's users.
A word of warning I'd urge you to take heed of: Mint have had some severe security issues in the past, both in updating packages (by default they hold essential security updates such as to the kernel back for "stability") and issues on their server. In a nutshell, they have been running a large software project like amateurs and their servers were accordingly rooted.
They had their servers compromised twice within the last two years, by means of outdated and ill-configured Wordpress plugins. Their forum contents, including user details and passwords, were compromised and put up for sale for a paltry sum on some dodgy website (if I remember the reporting at the time, this happened more than once); and downloads were replaced with malicious ISO images that included spyware.
There is no evidence they changed their security practices, so it's reasonable to suggest that their servers are still compromised, or that it is so trivial to do so that it will happen again. I would recommend installing Debian or Ubuntu directly, as both these distributions have good security practices.
Tor Browser Launcher is not produced by the Tor Project. It was in Debian Jessie (8, oldstable) in the contrib section, because, while distributing only free software, it downloads executable software that Debian does not build from source. It was removed from Debian Stretch (9, the new stable version) because it was difficult to maintain.
The problems related to the way it does signature verification - it has a GPG keyring of the Tor Browser developers' keys, and then it verifies the signature against that. However, because of how it is designed, sometimes false positives occur when the keys of the Tor Browser developers change or are updated, and it will always print a scary warning that signature verification failed.
See

@_date: 2017-08-10 23:55:16
@_author: dguthrie@posteo.net 
@_subject: [tor-talk] torproject package repository 
With the exception that their servers are likely to still be rooted.

@_date: 2017-07-22 17:38:40
@_author: Duncan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Router 
Hi, Andri,
There are many similar projects that are "Tor routers". Many of the projects floating around Github and the like are produced by amateurs with little understanding of the requisite conditions and safe configurations, and as a result, they are remarkably poorly configured.
Nonetheless, even if a project is evaluated to be correctly configured, it's often a bad idea to use it, and as a result, these should not be relied on for anonymity unless you know what you are doing.
Firstly, the programs on your computer are likely not going to be correctly configured (1) to use Tor in a manner that does not leak metadata and securely transfer information and (2) to practice good stream isolation.
Why's the first point important? Well, your email client, for instance, might append certain types of metadata to the headers of sent mail, or might send your password insecurely, or in a manner that makes it trivial for a bad exit node to recover this password, for example, the problems with STARTTLS, a common protocol designed for securely communicating with the mail provider, is known to be broken such that a bad exit can downgrade the connection to plaintext:  Other parts of your operating system might inappropriately be sending data that is unnecessary, or even dangerous such that it could compromise anonymity.
The second point is also very important. Tor Browser practices stream isolation between tabs (for new connections etc) and other programs correctly configured do this too, like the parcimonie.sh script. If stream isolation is not practiced, different programs may share the same tor circuit, which is a great risk.
In light of this, I'd argue that journalists (and ordinary citizens!) should just use Tails, which chooses and configures programs to use Tor safely. For instance, it makes use of the TorBirdy extension for Thunderbird, which configures Thunderbird to have safer settings for sending mail over Tor. It will also do the same for other programs, but you should be aware installing extra software is dangerous in some cases. It also runs live, on a USB drive for instance, which makes it suitable for traveling.
- D
Andri Effendi:

@_date: 2017-11-10 02:54:00
@_author: Duncan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Mimix, an operating system inside the main OS 
Hi George,
The ThinkPad X200 was introduced in 2009 (not 2000); Intel ME has been
in all Intel hardware since 2006.
It's probably worth noting that Intel AMT (which runs on the ME's
controller) is the "enterprise" functionality with the web server and
remote provisioning. The ME firmware just does stuff like host the
network stack and deal with the hardware support. Maybe it does other
stuff. AMT seems to be the really shocking vulnerable component.

@_date: 2017-11-12 12:35:00
@_author: Duncan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB as main browser: persistent logins to trusted 
Dear Theresa,
I suspect the reason you want to store session cookies is because you
like the convenience of not having to login every time. I do not like
this either.
A much better solution that doesn't involve giving yourself a unique
fingerprint would be to store your passwords in a password manager.
KeepassX is the one that you should use. Password managers make storing
strong passwords easy and you just copy-paste them into the web browser.
It is good practice to use a password manager in general because it
stops the compromise of one service from compromising your other accounts.
Best of luck,
theresa at firemail.cc:

@_date: 2017-10-01 20:41:00
@_author: Duncan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Forward to Onion 
Hi Jason,
Jason S. Evans:
This is being done already on certain websites. For instance, the
charity Privacy International do this
[ forwarding Tor users to
You can implement this yourself, e.g. with an HTTP 301 (Moved
Permanently) redirect on your web server, if you detect a matching exit

@_date: 2017-09-06 02:13:00
@_author: Duncan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor users in US up by nearly 100,000 this month 
Hi Ryan,
Ryan Carboni:
Can you expand on what you mean by this? What sort of "informal"
relationships are you considering? If I decide to phone up a friend at
Akamai or Cloudflare, there's no guarantee that CDNs like these keep
statistics about Tor users (and differentiate between bots and humans),
or that they'd want to share this. Maybe they think it would give their
competitors information about their business e.g. its size (whether
that's a valid concern is another matter entirely).
As for the terminology "meatspace", I don't think it's useful to
differentiate between "online" and "offline". The internet is life. It's
a matter of language but I do think it's important.
If I wanted to do it as a research project, the information would
probably need to be given in a more formal manner by these CDNs, or
collected by oneself. I think it would be interesting to devise such an
experiment, and work out a way to differentiate between bots. This
entire thread should give you plenty of ideas - I encourage you to make
something out of these questions!
I wouldn't call it a meme. While people don't exist in isolation,
whether they want to give up information about their usage (or would be
more or less likely to go on sites explicitly advertising they're
measuring whether they're a bot or not) is another matter entirely. I'm
honestly not sure about the ethics of measuring this, either.

@_date: 2017-09-07 12:03:00
@_author: Duncan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor bridges over ICMP or DNS 
Roman Mamedov:
I just want to point out that the aim of bridges isn't necessarily to be
"stealthy" and hide traffic - that's really difficult.
In fact, the most successful pluggable transport in China happens to be
Meek on Azure, which works from the principle that it's difficult to
block extremely large content delivery networks (in this case,
Microsoft's Azure). This isn't stealthy in the slightest!

@_date: 2018-01-10 02:14:07
@_author: Duncan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What The F - Tor Browser is not your privacy browser, 
This does not seem like very constructive criticism about Tor Browser.
Tor Browser is effective at providing anonymity, and provides the most extensive fingerprinting protections of major web browsers today. So the title of this email is inaccurate.
Do you have some constructive suggestions for the Tor Browser

@_date: 2018-01-29 13:39:00
@_author: Duncan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] catastrophe: ip-api.com sees me 
What exactly is your problem with the FAQ pages?
It makes no sense to say vague things like the pages are "too verbose".
You need to actually raise an issue (maybe a ticket) to help improve the
Anon Hyde:
