
@_date: 2008-04-22 13:36:31
@_author: Dominik Bork 
@_subject: Intrducing me and my Google Summer of Code project 
Hi everybody,
my name is domenik and I'm a 4th year information science student.
First of all I'd like to thank everyone who was involved in the decision of choosing me as one of the GSoC students working for the Tor/Vidalia team this summer.
I'm really excited of getting started with my project and working together with Matt who is going to be my mentor.
In my project I'm going to code on Vidalia. The main goal is to extend Vidalias Hidden Service configuration options so service providers are able to configure some user authorization for each service. If you want to have a closer look on what I planned to to please have a look on my GSoC-Applications abstract: If you have any feedback, comments or questions please contact me. Possibly the best way is the  channel on IRC. I'm really looking foreward to discuss my project with everybody interested in and to meet some more interesting people.
best regards.

@_date: 2008-08-17 22:25:34
@_author: Domenik Bork 
@_subject: End of my Google Summer of Code project 
Hey list,
because the end of this years Google Summer of Code is standing in  front of us, I decided to write a little mail to this list saying what  exactly I have done during the last 3 months and how you could use it.
Let me first give you a brief introduction to client authorization for  Tor Hidden Services: Proposal 121 [1] contains a design to restrict  access to previously authorized clients. All authorization data is  configured in Tor, so that all unauthorized requests can be blocked
during connection establishment. There are two modes, a "basic" mode  that performs merely access control and a "stealth" mode that also  hides service activity from unauthorized users.
My project was about to make it possible for users to start/stop/ configure and store HiddenServices and the corresponding authorization  data within Vidalia. In addition I implemented the communication to/ from Tor to get and set the new configurations in Tor. A service  provider has now the possibility to let Tor generate unique  authorization data for every single user. This enables a service  provider to include/exclude single users very fast and easy. Because  of the changes according to Proposal 121 now a service provider can  decide whether he wants to choose a better scalable but less secure  authorization mode(basic) or a better secure but less scalable  one(stealth mode) for each Service.
You can find the newest version of the things I implemented by  checking out my branch(hidden-services [2]) and run it with the  current version of Karsten Loesing's branch [3]. Below I'm going to  give you links to Windows installers [4] and a short How-2 build the  sources and get everything running.
If you want to give it a try, you can set up a hidden service with  client authorization and access it with these two branches; there is  no requirement to update Tor relays or directories in order to run  hidden services with client authorization.
At this point I won't forget to thank all the Vidalia and Tor guys who  made it possible for me to participate at this years GSoC. In special  I'd like to thank Roger, Matt and Karsten who where watching over me  and my project all the time and gave me a good advice and a helping  hand whenever I needed one. I planned to stick in the project and  Vidalia and I hope to be able to implement several other things in  future, too.
Here's a short guide how 2 build and start everything:
Tor related:
1)Download the newest version of Karstens Tor branch (svn co 2)start a terminal and switch into the directory of 121-hs-authorization
3)type in the following command lines
  1. ./autogen.sh [Enter]
  2. ./configure [Enter]
  3. make
  4) if everything worked fine there shoul be the Tor binary in /121- Vidalia related:
1)Download the newest branch of my Vidalia branch (svn co 2)start a terminal and switch into the directory of hidden-services  3)type in the following command lines
  1. cmake . && make [Enter]
4)if everything worked fine there should be a Vidalia binary in hidden- 5)click on the binary to start Vidalia
6)click on settings and then on ?General? to configure the path to the  Tor executable in that way that it points to the 121-hs-authorization  [1] [2]  [3] [4] Vidalia branch installer:       Tor branch installer: Best regards,

@_date: 2008-07-08 00:19:04
@_author: Domenik Bork 
@_subject: First Vidalia Prototype including User Authorization on Hidden Services 
Hey list,
a few of you may know me from IRC, ohers may not. I'm one of this  years Google Summer of Code students. My project is about implementing  Vidalia support for Hidden Services with User Authorization, according  to the Tor proposal 121-hs-authorization of Karsten Loesing.
A Hidden Service is a service that is reachable by a .onion adress,  but the IP-Adress of the service provider is hidden. My goal is now to  let Vidalia configure those Hidden Services, give a Service provider  the possibility to create User Authorization data(.onion adress and a  descriptor cookie) for each user he wants to access the service.  Additionally there should be the option to store authorization data  needed to access other hidden services in Vidalia. So a Service  Provider has then the opportunity to create individual authorization  data for single users and it would be no problem to exclude users from  a service if he wants to let them no longer access the service.
As a few of you may have noticed I uploaded the first prototype of my  Google Summer of Code Project. This prototype includes the complete  functionality explained above with all the communication to/from Tor  as well as persistent storage of the configuration.
Within this Mail I give you a little How2 for the installation of my  Vidalia branch and the correct Tor branch you need to run it with User  Here starts the little installation help:
Tor related:
1)Download the newest version of Karstens Tor branch (svn co 2)start a terminal and switch into the directory of 121-hs-authorization
3)type in the following command lines
  1. ./autogen.sh [Enter]
  2. ./configure [Enter]
  3. make
  4) if everything worked fine there shoul be the Tor binary in /121- Vidalia related:
1)Download the newest branch of my Vidalia branch (svn co 2)start a terminal and switch into the directory of hidden-services  3)type in the following command lines
  1. cmake . && make [Enter]
4)if everything worked fine there should be a Vidalia binary in hidden- 5)click on the binary to start Vidalia
6)click on settings and then on ?General? to configure the path to the  Tor executable in that way that it points to the 121-hs-authorization  7)click on ?Save?
8)click on ?Stop Tor?
9)click on ?Start Tor?
10)now the new Tor version should be started and you can start  configuring Hidden Services with/without User Authorization etc by  clicking on ?Settings? and then ?Services?.
Possible configurations of Hidden Services:
?	normal Hidden Service with one single adress for all users
?	Hidden Service with User Authorization to easily include/exclude  single users while the service is still reachable with the ?old?  adress by other users who are configured.
?	Store the Authorization Data you need to access Hidden Services.
I would really appreciate it if I can find a few people who are  interested in testing it and giving me some feedback or/and bug  reports. Remember, this is just the first prototype and there are bugs  and things i'm going to change in the next weeks. So this test phase  is thought to give some feedback about the look and feel, whether the  communication to/from Tor works as it should etc.. GUI stuff.
Best regards,
