
@_date: 2005-01-10 16:34:47
@_author: dora san 
@_subject: Hidden service behind NAT? 
I have one of those wireless routers from the local hardware store - they are everywhere.  My public IP from my cable ISP is dynamic, but that doesn't matter for the purpose of testing.  I setup a webserver (sambar) at port 8999.  I can use TOR (and Privoxy) as a proxy to access my server so I'm fairly certain that the firewall, and port forwarding etc works.  But I cannot access my server using the .onion address generated in the hostname file.
I made only two modifications on the default torrc:
HiddenServiceDir F:/Documents and Settings/UserA/Application Data/Tor/hidden_service/
HiddenServicePort 8999 127.0.0.1:8999
I tried to set the log files using similiar filenames but it doesn't work.  I'm using two computers for testing running two seperate TORs.
Do you need to be a TOR server to run a hidden service?  The doc seems to allow clients.
Is running a hidden service behind NAT has similar problems to running a server?  I don't think TOR knows my public IP and I couldn't find a place to enter it.
Do you Yahoo!?
 Yahoo! Mail - Helps protect you from nasty viruses.

@_date: 2005-01-13 12:20:16
@_author: dora san 
@_subject: Hidden service behind NAT? 
Yes, I reach that hidden service, and it takes about 15 sec.  I left my hidden sercice, a webserver, ran overnight and it still didn't work.  BTW, the browser client timeout quicker than 15 sec and privoxy gave me a 503 error.
I'll be patiently waiting for software updates for TOR.  Freenet, i2p, MUTE, etc are all impractical in terms of speed.
By hardware store I mean shops where you can get nuts and bolts (Home Depot), and they sell wireless routers too.
Though I won't try hidden services for the time being, I have a question though.  How can you keep the same hostname, when you have to close TOR and restart?
If you can get to but not to your hidden service, then I'd suggest leaving it
running and checking it tomorrow. If you can't get to the service
above, then perhaps your configuration is screwed up somehow.
I plan to make hidden services not suck as much in the next release,
but first we need to get all these other bugs sorted out. :)
You don't need to be routable or have any sort of public IP to run
a hidden service. If you can get out to the Internet somehow, you can
offer a hidden service.
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
