
@_date: 2013-08-11 04:24:41
@_author: Edgar S 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Replacement for Tormail 
The function of Tormail I need that suggested solutions don't seem to have is the ability to receive and reply to clear text ordinary Email sent from a non-secure SMTP. As the recipient, I use Tor and anyone monitoring the Email can't associate it with me, except possibly by the contents. I have some hope that an Email between Venezuela and a Tor entry/exit node usually outside the USA would not be scrutinized by the NSA.
As a hosting venue for Tormail and a replacement for Freedom Hosting, I suggest Iceland, Brazil, and Venezuela.
Kim Dotcom is moving his operations from New Zealand to Icelend.
Brazil, I have been told, will not extradite a Brazilian citizen anywhere for anything.
Venezuela recently offered Snowden asylum, and has a general reputation of telling the USA to F off. I have a contact in Venezuela that can get hosting accounts with 5 Email addresses for about $40/year. I'm trying to get more information now on whether it could provide space for Tor onion services.

@_date: 2013-08-15 09:29:39
@_author: Edgar S 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tormail Replacement 
> Edgar S:
 >> > The function of Tormail I need that suggested solutions don't seem
 >> > to have is the ability to receive and reply to clear text ordinary
 >> > Email sent from a non-secure SMTP.
 >>     >
 > This is a dealbreaker.  It has to have this.
 >
 >   > ...
 >
 >   >> > Venezuela recently offered Snowden asylum, and has a general
 >> > reputation of telling the USA to F off. I have a contact in
 >> > Venezuela that can get hosting accounts with 5 Email addresses for
 >> > about $40/year. I'm trying to get more information now on whether
 >> > it could provide space for Tor onion services.
 >>     >
 > This isn't gonna cut it.  A Tormail replacement that's any good,
 > that's reliable, that's censorship-resistant, that's hardened, that
 > doesn't leak information in any of the myriad ways email can which
 > could serve to unmask a Tor user ... that will require professionals
 > to set it up.  It's not going to fly on $random_email_provider +
 > hidden service and a tunnel, or whatever.
 >  Do you have an "expert" that could work (remotely) with my friend in Venezuela? He and I are PGP-literate. He has experience as a web designer and seems to know quite a bit about networking. He also speaks excellent English and Spanish. He also speaks Portuguese and has contacts in Brazil.
Note he hasn't agreed to anything yet, so I would need his permission to go any further with this.

@_date: 2013-08-26 08:13:29
@_author: Edgar S 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB loss of function 
I'm using a very back-level version of Tor Browser Bundle, because every time I've installed a current version, it refuses to remember passwords, or allow me to change the default of remembering passwords.
I install TBB on a PGP encrypted disk, so there is no security exposure of passwords or bookmarks.
Does anybody know if this has been fixed, or if it will ever be fixed?

@_date: 2013-10-11 09:12:29
@_author: Edgar S 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Does latest Tor Browser version support remembering 
On Sep 5, krishna e bera  advised
There are hints to do it manually at
which advises
Keep old settings after update
While keeping the whole old profile when updating Tor Browser is unwise, because Tor Browser anonymity fixes sometimes change new stock profile. Before you start the fresh Tor Browser for the first time, go to your old profile and copy some files from the old profile to the new profile. It should not be required to overwrite files.
key3.db and
signons.sqlite contains your saved passwords
and there is a feature request for that, so add your specific
requirements if any to that ticket and watch it for status updates
This was actually my ticket. 4 weeks ago it advised
Can you test this with the TBB 3.0 alpha builds? This may be fixed.
OK, just downloaded TorBrowserBundle-3.0-alpha-4-osx32_en-US.zip 24-Sep-2013 11:22
It unpacks to a folder TorBrowserBundle_en-US.app. I don't know how to install from there. From the comments, other people seem to be having the same problem. Instructions appreciated.
First, description of the old 10.0.10 TBB I'm now using, installed from Click the onion icon on upper left, preferences, security settings, forms, checkboxes to block password+form saving, I uncheck.
Click Tools, options, security, checkbox remember passwords for sites (checked), use master password, unchecked.
In thise mode, TBB remembers passwords, and the option stays checked through Tor shutdown and restart.
Now compare to latest released version, which I install in its own directory. This from tor-browser-2.3.25-13_en-US.exe just downloaded. It starts without the update warning.
It self identifies as 17.0.9.
In this version, pressing the onion icon displays a much abbreviated panel from the previous version. There is no forms tab under security settings, or any checkboxes referencing saved passwords or forms.
Clicking tools, options, security, the remember passwords checkbox is greyed out (disabled). Master password is enabled, but checking it does NOT enable the checkbox for remembering passwords. How can this be anything but a BUG?

@_date: 2013-10-12 13:52:13
@_author: Edgar S 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What are some free and private email providers? 
I was also left hanging when tormail shut down. I've found one that meets my needs. Based in Switzerland. It is Tor-friendly for both signups and webmail.  Has both an onion hidden address,  and an open address, bitmessage.ch. Free. The only drawback is that you have to accept an assigned username that is a long string of random characters.
Another possibility is URSSMail     Based in Russia and Brazil. Neither are very friendly to the NSA. It seems to have some problems currently. I thought I had created an account, but then I couldn't log into it. But it lets you assign your own username, and is free, although BTC donations are requested. As I write, the hidden service is down.

@_date: 2013-10-13 08:52:26
@_author: Edgar S 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What are some free and private email providers 
Joe Btfsplk asked
I guess you went thru part of the signup process to see it assigns a random string as your acct username / email address?
It told me the registration was "having problems."  How long was the random assigned name?
Try again in a day or two, I guess. The assigned name is in format
BM-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx at bitmessage.ch
where "x" represents a random upper or lower-case letter, or a numerical digit 0-9.

@_date: 2013-09-05 13:20:35
@_author: Edgar S 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Does latest Tor Browser version support remembering 
I'm running on an old version of Tor Browser because every new version I've tried does not support remembering passwords or leaving on the option to remember passwords over new invocations. Has this ever been fixed? Is it even scheduled to be fixed?

@_date: 2014-02-28 09:25:54
@_author: Edgar S 
@_subject: [tor-talk] My solution to Tor Browser remember password bug 
I've complained here before that the remember password feature in some long previous versions of Tor Browser no longer works. I've accepted it will likely never come back. So I've found the following solution. Maybe it will also work for others, discussion welcome.
In summary, I've installed a password manager, which I've gotten to work with the latest TBB, and also not compromise security.
Recall that I have been running TBB in a PGPdisk on-the-fly encrypted partition, with a highly secure hard-to-guess passphrase. I have confidence, absent the passphrase, that the NSA, FBI, KGB, etc. cannot decrypt a PGP disk. It's not immune to "rubber-hose cryptanalysis," obtaining the passphrase via torture. Maybe also not black-bag cryptanalysis or exploiting security holes in Windows XP or covert installation of keyloggers, etc. Use of Truecrypt, with its hidden disk, and stress passphrase, might address some of that. I have not gone there.
The password manager I chose was RoboForm. I first tried Kaspersky's password manager, but could not find one that did not have all text in Russian, so useless to me.
Roboform can be obtained legitimately at Roboform.com. It can also be obtained for free, with a crack, at torrent sites.
Free versions of PGP do not support PGP disks, but PGP AKA Symantec Encrypted Desktop, version 10.3.0 does, and also supports both Windows XP and Windows 7. There are also free versions, with instructions on registering it for free, thus activating features like PGP Disk, available on torrent sites.
Roboform had one (to me) serious flaw, the password data location is always located in Window's "My Document" folder, which I had not been encrypting. I dealt with this by moving my PGD file to another partition and enlarging it, then moving the old encrypted partition to the new one, deleting the old partition, and assigning the same disk letter to the new encrypted partition.  Then I re-allocated the My Document folder to a new directory in the new encrypted partition.  To do this, right-click on the My Documents icon on the desktop, then click "Properties," then click "move" and select a location in a new folder on the new encrypted partition. Now the Roboform password data is on My Documents on an encrypted partition. The long passphrase need be entered only after a re-boot or manual dismount of the encrypted partition. Security between re-boots is provided by a moderately long passphrase to unlock Windows from the screen saver, which is activated by inactivity. Or Windows can be manually locked via the using 2 keys, the Windows logo key present on most keyboards, then the letter L.
At present, Roboform does not install automatically on TBB, however it can be manually activated by clicking on the Roboform logo in the task area, clicking on browsers, then selecting the currently active TBB from the list. A Roboform bar will appear in the browser, and Roboform will prompt if you want to save the logon/password on any website where any are present. Roboform will make up a name based on the URL, but this can be renamed after the fact, and multiple logon entries can be organized into folders. The password data can also be edited after the fact. Note that if a Captcha is included in the logon, Roboform will save that also. Since it's different for each logon, you would want to manually remove that from the password entry.
Roboform supports automatically FireFox and Chrome outside of Tor. I've found that the built-in password features of those browsers don't work on more and more websites that attempt to force you to enter passwords manually each logon.
Roboform attempts to provide some security for the password data by prompting for creation/use of a "Master Password." But it will allow you to create new logon entries without one. Just click cancel when prompted for the master passphrase. It will then ask if you want to store the data entry without one. Since the password data itself is on an encrypted partition, you don't need another passphrase. I also store my PGP keyrings on this encrypted partition, so my secret PGP keys don't have passphrases either.
For future possibilities, both Truecrypt and PGP 10.3 support encrypting the boot partition. PGP also supports encrypting disks with a PGP key, rather than a passphrase. So if the keyring were moved to the boot disk, and other encrypted partitions were changed from passphrase to PGP key unlocking, this could stop bad guys at an even earlier stage, and Truecrypt's stress passphrase and hidden volume feature could provide added security in stress situations, such as passing through customs, where I was threatened with confiscation of my laptop if I didn't provide the passphrase to my encrypted partition. What I should have done was disable the automatic prompt for the passphrase, possibly rename the PGD files to something else, like random.dat, and the Customs goon wouldn't have even known there was an encrypted partition. Of course, this was all security theatre. If I had any really sensitive information, I could encrypt it and email it to myself, then delete it from the laptop.
An issue with encrypting the boot drive might be how to back it up. I currently use Paragon disk backup to backup a disk image while XP is running. I think that would not preserve the encryption, and I would have to re-encrypt after a restore. I could use a bootable CD to backup that partition, as I do now to restore it, but then it would also backup the page files and compression wouldn't work, so much longer time and space required. So I haven't gone there yet, and may not.
Again, any comments welcome.
