
@_date: 2006-12-02 10:52:00
@_author: Matt Edman 
@_subject: Problems under Windows Millenium 
You will have to stick with Vidalia 0.0.7 until the next Vidalia  release. The service support we added in Vidalia 0.0.8 broke support  for Windows 95/98/ME. We'll have it fixed for the next release.

@_date: 2006-07-19 08:13:06
@_author: Matt Edman 
@_subject: Vidalia v0.0.7 in Tor 0.1.1.22 bundle 
Please see the existing tickets for this:
We're working on it:

@_date: 2006-06-01 19:35:40
@_author: Matt Edman 
@_subject: Vidalia 
Hello, all, from one of the Vidalia developers.
This is partially correct. Rather than duplicating Tor's torrc  parsing and saving logic in Vidalia, we just let Tor handle it itself  by issuing a SAVECONF (see  spec.txt for details) when some settings have changed. Roger touched  on this in an earlier post.
These registry keys are used for mostly Vidalia-specific things, such  as which log messages to display, which lines to display on the  bandwidth graph, etc. If you run a Tor server with Vidalia, the  registry keys are also used to store the server-specific Tor  settings, so that you can change your server's settings even when Tor  is stopped. When Tor is started, Vidalia checks to see if any of  these server settings were modified while Tor was stopped and, if  changes were made, Vidalia tells Tor about the changes and asks Tor  to save them to its torrc.
We discovered with TorCP that it confused far too many users when we  had to explain why certain settings (settings we learn from Tor)  could only be viewed and changed when Tor is running. Again, this is  because we leave the torrc parsing logic to Tor and simply use their  simple, easy-to-use interface for learning about some of Tor's  current settings, and if Tor isn't running, we can't ask it what its  settings are.
We have had a feature request for Vidalia to not use the registry to  save these settings, but rather just save them in a .ini file or  something similar on Windows, so that it's easier for Vidalia to be  run off a thumb drive. This seems reasonable and I think we're going  to be able to get to this soon.
We are open to good bug reports, too. We understand there are bugs in  Vidalia and we have never declared it to be stable, which is why it  hasn't even graduated past 0.0.x yet. Sadly, many of the bug reports  we've had have been very vague and haven't included sufficient steps  or information for us to reproduce, track down, and fix the bugs so  some are still outstanding. Plus, the reporters seem to disappear  after adding a bug report, or at least not answer our requests for  some more information to help track down their bug. So, we'd like to  know about any bugs anyone finds by adding them to our bugtracker,  but please include sufficient details to reproduce the problem, or at  least don't disappear. :)
Thanks! We have mostly been motivated thanks to help, feedback, and  constructive criticism from members of the Tor community and some  generally nice people who have helped us out. Vidalia is developed by  just two people who are still students and both have real jobs and  real lives and a really small amount of spare time. Whenever somebody  is willing to help us out, we appreciate it! I'm sure the same thing  can be said for Roger and Nick and the Tor project itself, so I bet  they'd appreciate some help, too.

@_date: 2006-06-01 19:52:00
@_author: Matt Edman 
@_subject: Vidalia 
Vidalia has been publicly available since February 28, 2006 and has  been on the list[1] of programs you might want to use in association  with Tor since March 03, 2006. We've had source available since  Vidalia's birth and have had at least a Windows bundle, including Tor  and Privoxy, since 0.0.1. Since then, we've always been updating our  bundles whenever a new version of Tor comes out.
Vidalia didn't just magically appear one day; you just weren't  looking hard enough. :)
Nick covered these sufficiently in a recent post, I believe.
Hm. Let me know if you remember what "it" was, because I don't know.
Great! We'd like to know about any bugs you find!
[1]

@_date: 2006-05-10 05:18:14
@_author: Matt Edman 
@_subject: Roger: Vidalia 
We have a link to the tarball for our latest release on the downloads  You can also fetch the latest development snapshot or sources for  previous releases directly from our Subversion repository. See this  page for more information:
If you don't want to mess with a tarball or Subversion, you can  browse our repository online:
Finally, you can find source tarballs and packages for all old  Vidalia releases here:
I hope that helps.

@_date: 2006-05-10 05:56:56
@_author: Matt Edman 
@_subject: Tor 0.1.1.19-rc is out 
We have some contact information here:
And if you think you've found a bug or have enhancement ideas, we'd  like to hear about those, too!

@_date: 2006-10-06 15:54:02
@_author: Matt Edman 
@_subject: EXPERIMENTAL Windows binary for 0.1.1.24; please let us know if it works. 
Is this message from Tor crashing or from Vidalia crashing? We should  try to sort out which of the problems you have mentioned are from the  new tor.exe and which are Vidalia bugs. The best way to test this is  probably to simply run Tor by itself for awhile and see how it goes.  If you've found Vidalia bugs, please add them to Vidalia's bugtracker  at NT service support in Tor has required you to move your torrc from % APPDATA%\Tor\ to %PROGRAMFILES%\Tor\  for the past 1.5 years or so.  Vidalia should do this for the user eventually, but it doesn't yet.  Vidalia's support for running Tor as an NT service is quite new and  nowhere near complete. We currently assume that a user wishing to run  their Tor as a service knows what they're doing. See http:// wiki.noreply.org/noreply/TheOnionRouter/TorFAQ  for more information.
Vidalia should probably take care of this, too. But, like I mentioned  previously, we currently assume that a user running Tor as a service  knows they should add a ControlPort to their torrc. We'll get to it  one day.
I do not understand what you are saying here. If you're pretty sure  it's a bug in Vidalia, please create a ticket on our bugtracker and  tell us what to do to reproduce the bug, what sort of errors you get,  what you expected Vidalia to do in response, and so on.
Sounds like your Tor is having trouble building circuits. Does your  message log give you any hints?
This was a Vidalia bug we fixed recently for the next Vidalia release.
I do not understand what you are talking about here.
Odd. I have been unable to reproduce this with Vidalia on Windows or  OS X. If you have some more hints on how to reproduce them, please  add them to Vidalia's bugtracker.
Thanks for the feedback.

@_date: 2007-08-08 14:13:44
@_author: Matt Edman 
@_subject: GUI for GNOME? 
You're right, Vidalia is not in the Ubuntu repositories. Our ebuild for Gentoo
and RPMs for Red Hat have been contributed by some nice people who wanted to
help out. It seems nobody has been motivated enough to make a package for
Ubuntu yet, though.
Instructions for compiling Vidalia from source on Ubuntu can be found on our
wiki (there is even a section especially for Ubuntu):
As for using a deprecated version of Qt, that's news to me. Vidalia has always
required at least Qt 4.1, but also works with Qt 4.2 and 4.3. If you've found
that Vidalia doesn't build for you with one of those versions of Qt, I'd be
happy to know which one and fix it.
