
@_date: 2013-03-17 00:06:52
@_author: ethan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] (no subject) 
Hello people of tor talk,
Ever since the the TBB update to 2.3.25.4 torbirdy hasn't been
functioning, I think it's because the port change: "Set the Tor
SOCKS+Control ports to 9150, 9151 respectively on all platforms This
fixes a SOCKS race condition with our SOCKS autoport configuration and
HTTPS-Everywhere's Tor test. Firefox 17 appears to cache proxy settings
per URL now, which resulted in a proxy error for check.torproject.org if
we lost the race."
So it just shows up as proxy is refusing connections. I now have 2
versions of TBB, one for browsing and one changed back to port 9051 like
before in vidalia to make it function (shows the browser as having the
proxy refusing connections instead). Can't change torbirdy the other way
around to port 9151/0 like tor is now.
Anyone know what's up? Is this just me?
I opened up a ticket for it about a week ago but nobody was able to get
to it yet: Would it be safe to have two tor's running at the same time? One for
mail and one for browsing? Switching between both is a bit tedious.

@_date: 2013-05-20 05:27:41
@_author: ethan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor's reputation problem with pedo, 
tor-talk-request at lists.torproject.org:
Hello- I'm Ethan long time tor user first time calling in :D.
I think a better metaphor than a gun here is a bullet proof vest- tor
can provide protection. And also I like Jacob's analogy of surveillance
being like a disease. And he did an excellent job covering this and then
after arguing with cisco guy who was making the same analogy calling
Jake an arms dealer:
I see tor as in a sense having the capability of being used for
anarchist dual power and restoring that sense of agency rather than the
gaze of authorities re-inforcing the norm.
Regarding onions and CP: Honestly my intuitive thinking fast response
when I was just browsing random onions with people discussing it and
saying they're raping children I say take it down, WTF! But reflecting I
think when dealing with free speech it's always dangerous to start
making it relative to situation/subject.
Rather we must tackle the social causes that lead to the raping of
children: sociologically child abuse happens when there's spikes in
poverty. I think a lot of our societal ills come out of depravity (I
mean this a purely secular sense; no gods no masters) and through social
justice we can heal not social control.
But if going down that route I think Chris Patti's suggestion may be
better directed towards the people who run the onions individually
rather than the tor project
