
@_date: 2016-06-16 22:05:23
@_author: foodforthought@sigaint.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Food for thought 
Things are never black and white, there are always two sides of a story
and people are never only good or bad.
But was it really our first and foremost concern to find out the "truth"?
Is the lesson to be learned, if you will, about who is to blame? About
shaming the victims or shaming the alleged perpetrator? About whether or
not the "accused" will be found "guilty"? Is an "evidence-based
discussion" or "due process" really going to solve the greater issue here?
In a community that claims to strive for equality, accusations against one
person raise much broader questions and issues, like:
-) How much leadership/charisma/hero-worshiping can be healthy for a
community of self-empowered people?
-) What is not criminal can still be harmful, disrespectful, humiliating or
violating consent, just as what is criminal can still be ethical or
consensual. Innocent until found guilty misses the mark in this context.
-) If we were living in a community/society of fulfilled people, who feel
accepted, approved of and loved by their peers, there would be no such
thing as abuse or harassment. But we don't. (Yet?) How do we deal with
this discrepancy in a constructive way?
-) If someone voices concerns about a certain individual, how do we open
lines of communication before too many get harmed? How do we treat both
parties involved respectfully?
-) Even when a person, from the bottom of their heart, talks about
sex-positivism, respect for others, transparency and equality, it does not
mean that they can live up to their own expectations. Their own disability
to do so may make them even more enthusiastic talking about it.
-) We are all humans, we are fallible, we are flawed, we cause harm in
others. The question is, do we create an environment where failure is
recognized, do we surround ourselves with friends who will tell us we
failed? Will they express concern, when self-reflection and self-criticism
have failed us? Will people speak up even to the one person considered a
role model? Or do we kick issues into the long grass and surround
ourselves with yes-men?
This ties in with the first question.

@_date: 2016-06-18 22:09:15
@_author: foodforthought@sigaint.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Food for thought 
While it comes late for some, it might help the community fail better next
time. ;-)
Feel free to add more questions.

@_date: 2016-06-18 22:22:21
@_author: foodforthought@sigaint.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Food for thought 
Hm, making judgements bears other difficulties; in the context of harm,
disrespect or humiliation, of crossed boundaries, how would you define
evidence? And is there consent yet about what counts as evidence? And in
whose interest is it to expatiate upon very harmful behavior anyways?
Belief is a strong word ;-) I call it an assumption or a thought
experiment especially since nothing 100% pure is ever stable in real life
(like, 100% water, for instance). Let me put it into a more simple
analogy: if totalitarian systems foster totalitarian behavior, why
shouldn't respectful systems foster respect? And in case this is your next
question, yes, I see a common pattern in putting others down from a desire
to feel acceptance, approval and love.
Not sure what you mean by "all of this". If you refer to abuse and
Not solely. This would be too easy an explanation for a complex problem,
that is caused by many factors. And mind you, I don't think I know what
the cause is. I am talking about which social structure I think
facilitates and nurtures which social interaction.

@_date: 2016-06-20 20:22:09
@_author: foodforthought@sigaint.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Food for thought 
Thanks, tangents welcome!
Everyone has their way of processing. I took the statement on the Tor blog
quite seriously, but I had no idea what orders of magnitude the
accusations would have. After that blog post, events came thick and fast,
and there is a lot to criticise about the aftermath. My kudos to Shari
Steele for finally confronting a situation, that had apparently been swept
under the rug for many years. We will see what the outcome is.
I find it very hard to have a differentiated opinion without blaming
people. I have a personal shitlist, which I hesitate to share, and it is a
long read. But I don't want to feed the endless circles of anger, revenge,
blame, guilt, judgement, accusations and justifications, I don't want to
put my energy into this. Maybe it is simply too early for shitlists. What
can be done though, is reevaluate ones own role in a community (see inital
Good to know at least some of us have not lost their sense of humor
no homogenous "community", but lots of groupings and individuals within
the community, who follow their own agendas.
Since the code is open source, that part is transparent and not dependent
on assumptions or trust, but on maths and physics. Those sciences tend to
be a lot more logically consistent and coherent than humans. Or soap opera
scripts. Or CSI: Cyber scenarios.

@_date: 2016-06-20 20:31:03
@_author: foodforthought@sigaint.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Food for thought 
Hi, thanks for reading! And thank you for sharing your very personal part
of the story. It must be very hard for you, now. I see you have have a lot
of other stuff on your plate lately, and I hope you will find some time to
rest and sleep!
