
@_date: 2006-08-16 19:17:10
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Tor bug?:  AllowInvalidNodes 
And IMHO, a damn fine job of it too.
  I think this thread points to some growing pains that Tor may face as
it gets larger. Namely, people not understanding the technology, or
worse (especially for security technologies) miss-understanding it.
  I work with people and computers all the time.. and often see people
thinking their firewall will stop viruses, that e-mail is secure, etc.   I think it might be good to write a "what Tor can and can't do" part
of the FAQ. I'd even be willing to take a stab at writing it (time
permitting... don't be expecting it tomorrow or anything like that).
  Sometimes it is useful to state quite clearly things like, Tor can't
protect you from social engineering attacks. Tor won't make e-mail
secure end-to-end, Tor wont defrag your HD. etc (o.k. that last one is a
bit flip.. but you get the point)
  Once again I'd like to express my thanks to all those that have taken
the time to Develop Tor, Tor documentation, etc. I think it is good (for
what it is) and getting better.
Take Care
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2006-08-18 00:27:57
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Traffic Logging Suggestion 
From some googling I did the Nickname for the tor.unixgu.ru node seems
to be/have been torxunixguxru I used that in my ExcludeNodes. After
seeing your post I did some double checking and the IP addys match what
you posted here.
I would also like to thanks Michael Holstein for bringing this point up
(back up?).
  Although I strongly Disagree with uinxgu.ru's actions. There does seem
to be a need to educate users to the limitations of Tor. I look around
after my earlier post (Sorry, Nick, et al  I really didn't mean to fuel
that. I was genuinely trying to be helpful.) and found that there is
already a very nice write up in the Tor Wiki on the lines of "can and
can't do". I do think there is a need for a more condensed version with
a link or links to the nice write up on the Wiki. The condensed version
being very to the point. i.e. Tor will not protect e-mail,telnet,etc
passwords, Tor wont make you anonymous if you use it to log into your
(pre-existing) Yahoo account, etc.   Many home users I help have only the most limited concept of
computer/Internet security issues and sadly no patience for reading
anything the seems even remotely technical. I'm still willing to take a
stab at writing it as long as the Dev's will proof read if and make sure
I don't make any embarrassing misstatements.   I think the hardest part will be explaining clearly what Tor CAN do in
a non technical way. Take Care
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2006-08-19 11:54:18
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Quick Concerns re: Traffic injection + Tor Control port 
Hi All,
  The Recent talk about an exit nodes ability to inject/modify traffic
got me thinking that this might actually pose a security risk not just
for users but possibly for the tor network in general.
   My thinking went along the lines that it would be fairly trivial for
someone experienced in Java or other scripting languages to inject a
script that would internally scan the receiving computer for an open Tor
control port (read open and non-authenticated) once that was found the
script could easily and completely hose up the security of that node by
messing with the routing/exitnodes/ControlListenAddress/etc. Bad enough
if it is a client tor installation, Tragic is it is an entry/middle/exit
node as well.
   I think the simple solution would be to require authentication if the
Tor control port is open.
   Now just to make a few things clear.    I do understand that allowing any scripting when using Tor is
hideously bad, but judging from all the clear text passwords going
through others may not.
   I most certainly am not a Java/Java Script wizard and so could be way
off on the triviality of such a program.
   My intent in posting this was not to criticize but to stimulate
intelligent conversation on what I perceive as a possible risk to the
Tor network.
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2006-08-25 02:44:38
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Dos attack against my tor node? 
Hi All    I  was examining my system logs tonight and noticed something
interesting.. What appears to be an attempt to DoS my tor node. 3
separate attempts spaced about 2 hours apart all from IP's in the same
ISP (From "Pacific Internet Thailand"). I've been running the Tor node
(middleman node) for a while now and this is the first time I've seen
this. So my questions is:
  is this common have others seen this type of behaviour?
Thanks in advance
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2006-08-28 22:14:17
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Dos attack against my tor node? 
Thanks everyone for the feedback, I'm pretty happy with my iptables
rules (and they both handled and logged the attack nicely) but I'll take
a look around and see if there is any tightening up I can do that I've
missed. (protect from more obscure attack vectors etc)
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2006-06-13 23:12:10
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Good reason for using Tor/Privoxy 
Hi all,    came across this little Gem while reading the fine print on a mailing
from my ISP
   "... including the use of web beacons in HTML-based email."
In the mailing "web beacons" was linked to:
 Seem Yahoo has decided to be evil and use WebBugs to track movements all
over the place. I've been poking around and they are certainly going out
of their way to make it difficult to block the pesky little things that
they use on their websites (lots of different file names, in proper size
specified to bypass thing that would look for a size of 1x1, etc.). So
if you friends/family/colleagues even question Why Tor/Privoxy here is a
shining example of why they are important. BTW their "opt-out" option isn't worth the bits that make it up as all
they do is set a cookie (yeah.. o.k. I'll let you set permanent cookies
so you wont track me with the webbugs. Do they think I'm that foolish?
). Sadly many people will probably miss that it is just a cookie,
very correctly flush their cookies and (oops...) opt back in.
Anyways, Just figured that this tidbit would be of interest to some
here. Take Care,
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2006-06-13 23:58:03
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Good reason for using Tor/Privoxy 
Too true.. by default my mail client wont even touch remote images.. the
problem is Yahoo is using these things on their web pages as well. So
things like yahoo groups, yahoo search, etc, etc, are all affected. (or
is that infected? :) ).
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2006-06-12 21:55:15
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Tor,security and web-usability 
You might want to try FastMail (
I'm not 100% sure on this as I did not go through the entire process of
setting up an account (I have one already) but the account creation page
loaded no problem and I can read mail there no problems. Both tested
with Tor on, and Java/JavaScript off.
Hope this helps. Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2006-10-03 13:24:25
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Tormap 
Nice site.. definitely got my node in the right location.. but has the
wrong IP addy for my node. (Rogers did some work in the area (i'm
guessing) resulting in my ipaddy changing about 2 weeks ago.) I checked
and They show my IP correctly so it's not me.. (wanted to check that
before I pointed it out)
Still .. really nice. Has me in the wrong spot when you zoom to street
level but that may be due to the old IP addy.
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2006-09-07 20:30:35
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Tor network failure 
Just tried Tor after reading your post and works fine here. The load on
my tor node might be a little lighter then usual I'll keep an eye on
that (could just be a normal lul). If there are other specific checks I
can do please feel free to ask.
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2006-09-08 17:07:53
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: confiscating middleman-tor-nodes 
Just a thought here.. is there anyway that the Dev's or people running
the main directory servers could get a list of all the compromised
(confiscated) Tor Servers? They should definitely be listed as invalid
at the very least. If not outright blacklisted, or at least their key
pairs should be, as it would be very hard to be sure that their private
keys haven't been compromised.
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-04-12 11:49:01
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Is this for real? 
Surfing with Tor uses outbound connections, being a server requires
inbound connections. Inbound connections will break against a NAT/router
that isn't configured correctly as the Nat/router hasn't been told to
which internal IP to route incoming connections on a given port. same is true for many Firewalls.
Being "just the way the program works" is force. Just as a government
that has a rule "we shoot all dissidents without question.. sorry that's
just the way we work" is force.
  Now providing someone can solve the NAT problem without using UPNP or
breaking anonymity I still wouldn't like to see a Tor implementation
that defaults to a server. NAT/router/firewall aside there are other
problems, Bandwidth shaping/throttling by ISP's, On many ISP's running a
server of any kind is a direct violation of their "terms and
conditions", in some jurisdictions running a Tor server may be illegal
where using the client isn't, etc.
  So, if Tor were to come "server as default" it absolutely must have a
very simple way to turn the server off permanently, which breaks the
whole reasoning for having Tor be "server default" and you might as well
just provide an easy way to turn the server on and let the user decide
based on his, network, isp, legal situation, etc.  Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-08-09 15:16:07
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Proposal of a new hidden wiki 
Hello  all,
   I've been watching this discussion with some interest. It's an
intriguing problem you are working on. Anyways, I was just wondering..
would it not be possible to use a custom configured/hacked version of
Freenet that the nodes were their own "micro Freenet" and not connected
to the regular Freenet?
just a thought.
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG
See:  for more details

@_date: 2007-08-11 18:13:12
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Question about the vulnerability 
The control port is used to let you, another program, another computer,
control/communicate with TOR. If you just install tor as a client and
don't mess about with the config file the control port should be closed
by default. if you install a tor/Vidalia bundle the control port will
need to be open so Vidalia can control/communicate with TOR Same would
go for if you were using TorK, if your TOR is on a net appliance and
configured to be controlled/communicate with Vidalia/TorK/etc on another
Privoxy doesn't fall into this discussion as it just shuttles data
through tor rather then communicating with TOR
you can read more on the control port at:
and long story short... if you are using a GUI for tor the control port is
most likely open.
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG
See:  for more details

@_date: 2007-08-04 17:19:40
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: critical security vulnaribility fixed in Tor 0.1.2.16 
Did this end up biting TOR in the ass, or is this a Proactive move? I am
just curious as I mentioned this very problem (or something extremely
close to it) back in August last year (see:
  )
So I'm just wondering it if finally made it to the top of what I am sure
is a long To-do list that the DEV's have, or was it actually exploited.
I completely understand the need not to release further details until
people upgrade but I am looking forward (once things are safe) to
hearing how and by whom this was exploited if it was. In either case (exploited/not exploited), Kudos to the Dev's for fixing
it quickly and getting the word out. This has left me wondering one thing tho.. My tor was updated
auto-magically as I used a Debian based distro and have the official TOR
repository in my apt list. So my question is, is there, or could there
be some similar form of auto-updating for persons using the windows
version of TOR? If not maybe Vadalia could be made to check for TOR
updates and pop up notices to the users? ... just a thought. Sadly my
coding skills are decades out of date or I'd offer to help. Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG
See:  for more details

@_date: 2007-02-05 14:18:37
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Law & Order: Criminal Intent, Season 6, Episode 10. 
Not just you.. I got it again and it behaved exactly as described.
Strangely it wasn't like that when it was first put up. (that I recall).
I'm taking a look at the video streams now. I'll let you know if I can
find anything interesting.
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-07-22 17:25:51
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Blocking child pornography exits 
Sadly Evil (users/persons/companies/etc) almost never self identify as
such. And so, would fail to set the bit because in their view it doesn't
apply. Leaving us with a situation in which only people with a
conscious, and a guilty one at that, would set the bit. It has been my
experience that most people that fall into the "would set the bit"
category are not the ones people need to worry about, but rather persons
being far to hard on themselves for human failings. so unfortunatley
filtering on the evil bit probably wouldn't help much.
as a side note I've always thought it would be neat to packet sniff and
see if anyone is actually setting this bit. But I'm routered and thus
most of the interesting stuff never makes it to my machine.. I could
always DMZ myself I suppose but seems like a lot of work for such
trivial curiosity.
Have a pleasant day all
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG
See:  for more details

@_date: 2007-06-14 14:14:30
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: What will happen to Tor after the new German data retention 
Hi Everyone,
   Just wanted to throw out some thoughts. Since, from what's been said
here, the draft is about keeping connection data and not content
wouldn't it be possible to make Tor nodes (servers and clients) make
trivial connections to other servers even just something like a
syn<->syn,ack<-fin,rst kind of handshake so that the network load isn't
much but any logs would be replete with random connections data
obfuscating the actual connections (yes I know security through
obfuscation isn't optimal). The time between make/break could be
randomized to help muddy the waters.
   I do realize that this would incur a heavier number of open
connections on a server. I'm sure that someway could be found to keep
the random connections from overwhelming resources (i.e. connections
without active data flow get dropped first if resources get low).
   anyways just thoughts in the wind.. I'm sure the Tor Devs are
probably gnashing teeth and pulling hair as a hundred reasons why it's a
bad idea stream through their minds.
Take Care
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG
See:  for more details

@_date: 2007-03-07 12:19:22
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Building tracking system to nab Tor pedophiles 
O.K. I've been biting my tongue on this one for a while now. I'll try to
keep this short as it is not specifically TOR related
As a survivor of childhood sexual abuse. I'm personally getting annoyed
by this whole "nab the paedophiles thing". for several reasons:
1.)  90+ percent of sexual abuse of children happen from family members
or friends of the family.. so wasting huge resources on 10% while
blatantly (and blissfully) ignoring the 90%, does society a huge
disservice. by focusing the public's attention on the smallest part of
the problem and away from the real problems.
2.) I can almost guarantee that his guys "key words" would trigger on
abuse survivors talking in an online support group and I can't even
begin to tell you how damaging it would be for an abuse survivor to have
to deal with being falsely accused of being a perp.
I think what needs to be done here is to create a FAQ or other standard
document that will 1.) inform the vastly misinformed public. 2.) list
places and ways they can make a difference.
 I do appreciate that people are actually trying to look at this.. it
would just be nice if they were looking at the real problem.
in short trying to destroy anonymity (which is necessary for many abuse
survivors to begin the healing process) to waste the courts time with
illegally obtained evidence, from chasing a small fraction of abusers,
while ignoring the real problem and misleading the public while doing so
is NOT a service to me nor to society in general. To the people on this list that are all gung ho to stop internet
paedophiles I'd suggest you leave TOR alone and get involved with an
established group such as perverted justice
(  ) who have a history of working with
law enforcement  and making a real difference. Better yet volunteer at
your local rape crisis centre. hound your government officials so perps
don't walk with a 6 mo sentence after abusing their children for years.
I do apologize for the lack of brevity and the slightly OT post.
'nuff said
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-03-09 12:37:34
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Warnings on the download page 
I've been watching this thread with some interest and as the Talk of
mis-onfigured browsers and mis-behaving plug-ins grew I found myself
thinking that there must be an easier way to fix the problem. It occured
to me that what is needed (at least until a more permenant solution can
be found) is a way to stop the offending material from making it to a
potentially misconfigured application.   So I started thinking about another proxy in the chain to strip all
java and java script etc.. it then occured to me that Privoxy can most
likely do this if a much more strict action file were written.
so my questions are:
  1 - Can a modified actions file be made that would strip all
Java/javascript, flash, steaming media, etc. From looking at the Privoxy
documentation it looks possible so far (but I'm no privoxy guru)
  2 - If 1 is possible wouldn't it be easiest to include the stricter
action file in the tor/privoxy/vidalia bundle. Tell people "look, a lot
of stuff isn't going to fly.. but trust us.. you don't want it too"
Just wondering....
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-03-09 14:59:50
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Warnings on the download page 
OH yes, makes sense that HTTPS would be untouched. Guess I should have
had another coffee before posting.
I agree and currently use either a config very similar to yours or use
Lynx/elinks for browsing with TOR. I still think that stopping as much
evil content as possible inbound has it's merit bit HTTPS does pose a
problem .. one possible solution to stop the outbound leakage might be
to (and I am certianly not suggesting this be done any time soon) make
TOR a virtual interface device. then one could just send all internet
traffic through it (oh, trust me I have some small idea of how ugly and
complicated this would be.. it'd probably mean very different source
trees for Windows/*nix/Mac) So, well just file that in the Porches and
other pipe dreams pile.  Thanks everyone for the feedback
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-03-24 00:50:15
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
I've been watching this thread with some interest and just wanted to
add my view to the discussion. I think there is a real danger in making
TOR too easy. Yes, I do understand that Microsoft and others have
created a world of people that want every program to function completely
with 3 clicks. For some applications this is a laudable goal.   However, when one is dealing with a program that deals with security
or anonymity I think it is important that people who intend to use the
program take the time and effort to learn. They need to learn what it
does, what it doesn't do, how it does it, how it is circumvented, how to
check if it is working correctly, etc. One of the major reasons there is
so much tracking of personal data on the web is most users lack of
responsibility for their own privacy and security.
  For these reasons, my concern is that making TOR a 3 click wonder will
not only further propagate this "some one else will worry about my
privacy/security for me" thinking and ultimately would lead people to a
false sense of security because they wont properly understand the TOR
network, and will blissfully find ways to make their computer leak more
then a bucket with no bottom, all the while thinking "oh, it's fine,
I've got TOR on, I can see the icon in the systray right there".
  I feel that rather then head down the 3 click wonder path, it would be
better to invest time in reminding users that we are talking about their
security, or their anonymity, that as such it is their responsibility,
and decidedly worth the time to learn as much as possible about the
programs or systems they use to protect it.   I would hate to see the day when the TOR team has to waste countless
hours and resources to battle complaints that "TOR failed to protect me
when I ".
Just my thoughts on the subject
P.s. to the tor Dev's -- Yes, I know TOR is not a security application.
That just snuck in there as I deal with computer security regularly and
often see the same "the computer/internet/isp/mysterious someone" should
take care of that for me mentality.   Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-03-24 11:34:47
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
I can see your point and TOR does have some security applications if
used in properly and with those goals in mind. (i.e. only connecting to
https or other encrypted endpoints). The main goal of TOR is clearly
anonymity. If the main goal was security having data leave the exit
nodes in the clear would be a definite no no. I was also just being
clear that I did not think of TOR as a
firewall/antivirus/anti-malware/etc system when I used the term
Security. Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-03-24 12:02:14
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
That may be a workable model, and I definitely like the educational side
of it. My concern is how would it intercept errors the user was making
in non TOR applications. (i.e. warn them that logging into a non https
site may leak their password, etc). There are now several viable
browsers that users could choose to use with TOR and I think it would be
difficult to make such an application as the one you suggest be able to
intercept all the various gaffs.
  In my experience many users will, and do, go out of their way to
circumvent their own protection unless very aware of the consequences,
and sometimes even then. If they really want to see that funny flash
animation on a certain site, they will find a way to do it and then
often forget to undo the changes they made there by leaving they selves
vulnerable.   I'm not saying it's not do-able I'm just not sure how one could
implement it given all the various browser, plug-in, etc. combinations
that will get thrown at it.
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-03-26 12:16:07
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
Yes anonymity is a type of security and an important one. TOR makes me
anonymous it make the data transmission secure up to the point on the
exit node, it helps to prevent traffic analysis etc. all of the are
security properties. I think the separation is one that exists in my mind. To my thinking TOR
makes my communication anonymous, but does not make my communications
secure in that everything is in the clear leaving an exit node. So, if
I'm wanting secure and anonymous communications I'd have to connect to
an encrypting endpoint in which case the SSH/TLS/SSL encryption is
making my data secure while tor is making my communication anonymous.
  Clearly anonymous+encrypted = more secure then just encrypted. However
anonymous + easily sniffable by an exit node or anything beyond =
anonymous but not secure (encrypted). In the latter case I would need to
be very judicial about what data I transmitted as if any of it were
identifiable (alone or cumulatively) I will blow the anonymity that TOR
provides. In the former case this concern is alleviated so long as I
trust the encrypting endpoint. If I don't trust the encrypting endpoint
I basically fubar'd That help?
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-03-26 12:58:26
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
True, I realized that I probably would have avoided a lot of confusion
by choosing more specific terminology. "Secure" is a relative term like
"big" where, to use your example "confidential" describes a much more
specific condition. I shall endevour in the future to stick to more
accurate terms. thanks, for bringing it up. I appreciate the input.
Take Care,
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-03-27 13:09:11
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
I think that if the information is geared to the new user that they will
be able to pick it up. You don't need to get all technical to explain
everything. you could just say "if your browser doesn't display the lock
icon, like when using a banking site, your communication is anonymous
but not confidential, and may reveal identifying information."
I also think there is a real problem with the "a new user could never
understand this" thinking. One should never assume that ones audience is
less intelligent then you are. Also, even if the effort manages to only
educate 30% of the new users this is far superior to not making the
effort and having only the very enthusiastic users who have the skills
to dig up the documentation they need being educated.
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-03-05 02:28:47
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: pop3 and smtp over ssh 
If you use the port forwarding feature of ssh then you don't need to
worry about the exit nodes (other then that they allow ssh). once the
ports have been forwarded by ssh you'd connect to them on localhost and
they would get tunnelled through the ssh connection so all the tor
network would see is the ssh connection going on.
hope this helps
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-05-26 12:07:05
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: traceroute through tor and http proxy? 
You could run Ethereal/Wireshark or Etherape and watch where your
outbound traffic is going (i.e. to a Tor node or straight to the http
proxy). This won't help with the question of how you are routed through
Tor, but if I remember correctly there is a way to get Tor to give you
information on your current circuit using the control port. Perhaps the
Devs could chime in on that one.
Hope this helps.

@_date: 2007-05-29 00:10:31
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: ISP TOS restrictions on servers 
All the replies prior to this one are quite good.. I just wanted to add
one other thing you might need to watch for. Bandwidth shaping. I ran a
Tor server for a short while on my home isp account.. they didn't do
anything formal to complain. However, after running it for a while
(couple of month) I found that my inbound and outbound bandwidth had
decreased, by about 20%. I stopped running the server (it was
technically a violation of the AUP, etc) and then called tech support
about the off speeds once I was fairly sure the server activity wouldn't
show up in logs. The handed me a load of bull about line signal levels
being off.. and could I please cycle the modem.. (you know, to pick up
the new MIB).. and poof my line was fine again. (BTW, I checked the
cable modem stats before and after the change.. the signal levels were
exactly the same.)
anyway.. long story short.. just something you might want to watch for..
Just because it happened to me (I'm not using Verizon) doesn't mean
it'll happen to you. Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG
See:  for more details

@_date: 2007-05-05 01:50:23
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: new TOR seems excessively chatty 
I recently upgraded to"tor 0.1.2.13-2~dapper" and although it works
very nicely it seems very "chatty". by chatty I mean download 200+ KB
every minute from DIR servers. That's gonna add up to a lot of traffic
on my ISP account that has a bit cap (60 GB/mo so not worried too much).
is there some way to curtail this "chattiness".. if not I'll have to
stop leaving tor running all the time.
Thanks in advance
excerpts from /var/log/tor/log
May 05 01:36:47.667 [info] connection_dir_client_reached_eof(): Received
networkstatus objects (size 209145) from server '128.138.207.48:9030'
May 05 01:36:47.708 [info] router_set_networkstatus(): Not replacing
network-status from directory server "dizum" at 194.109.206.212:80
(published 2007-05-01 19:33:17); we have a newer one (published
2007-05-01 19:34:23) for this authority.
May 05 01:37:48.590 [info] connection_dir_client_reached_eof(): Received
networkstatus objects (size 209145) from server '88.191.38.143:9030'
May 05 01:37:48.628 [info] router_set_networkstatus(): Not replacing
network-status from directory server "dizum" at 194.109.206.212:80
(published 2007-05-01 19:33:17); we have a newer one (published
2007-05-01 19:34:23) for this authority.
May 05 01:38:55.321 [info] connection_dir_client_reached_eof(): Received
networkstatus objects (size 209145) from server '213.114.108.251:9030'
May 05 01:38:55.363 [info] router_set_networkstatus(): Not replacing
network-status from directory server "dizum" at 194.109.206.212:80
(published 2007-05-01 19:33:17); we have a newer one (published
2007-05-01 19:34:23) for this authority.
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-05-05 13:16:10
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: new TOR seems excessively chatty 
O.k. an ~20min log and a copy of the torrc file used in the creation of
said log are now at:
I hope it help.
If you require more info.. please let me know
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-05-05 13:41:21
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: new TOR seems excessively chatty 
O.k. an ~20min log and a copy of the torrc file used in the creation of
said log are now at:
I hope it helps.
If you require more info.. please let me know
(Posting this to or-talk too as it origionally went to the or-talk at freehaven.net reply-to addy that doesn't seem to make it to the group)
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-05-06 10:55:02
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: new TOR seems excessively chatty 
Would love to check thaat out for ya but it seems the 0.1.1.26
ubuntu .deb's have evaporated. if you can point me to a location
containing proper versions of them I'd be glad to give that a whirl.
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG

@_date: 2007-10-06 12:20:56
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Tor 0.1.2.17 causing high latency after 5 - 6 hours 
You might want to double check on the ISP limiting bandwidth (although
they'll call it something else or deny it was intentional)
I'm on Rogers and they are infamous for throttling
Bittorrent/gnutella/etc down to 2 kb/s (outbound). I also suffered a
drop in bandwidth capacity when I was running a TOR server. As running a server
of any kind was a technical violation of their AUP (I say technical because their AUP is so vaguely worded and so overblown
that using ping or traceroute could be considered a violation). I desisted the server and after a week or two complained about the drop
in bandwidth. they fed me a lie about the signal strength being off (it wasn't I know how to check). and after a few minuted had me cycle
the modem so it would pick up the new MIB (which I'm guessing they
So long story short "Bandwidth shaping" is not uncommon on ISP
Especially if you use a lot of outbound bandwidth. They screwed up years
ago going with an Asymetric bandwidth model and are now suffering for it
as more people are needing larger and larger outbound bandwidth (Voip,
P2P, Skype, VPNs, etc)
just my 2 cents worth. Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG
See:  for more details

@_date: 2007-09-11 14:41:49
@_author: Freemor 
@_subject: Filtering traffic from your node - for exit points 
Benn reading this thread with some interest and just wanted to add my 2
cents on it.. As anyone who has watched this list for any time should
know I'm dead against "filtering" Tor. Not because I like objectionable
content but because "filters" are notoriously badly implemented,
Subjective, and completely fail to address the real problem (i.e. they
don't stop the "evil" people in the least and are at most a minor and
trivial inconvenience. So in that vein I just wanted to point out some of the more obvious
problems with this proposed filtering scheme
[snipped details of the technical side of the implementation because I'm
not addressing the technicalities of this]
you're assuming that the "evil" people will be honest about the content.
it's really trivial to change the extension to bypass this filter
Again, assuming the web server in question will properly identify the
mime type of the content most things will pass through to the browser
fine for downloading even if labelled with an incorrect mime-type (i.e.
application/octet-stream or no mime type descriptor)
this assumes that:
1.) the content is sniffable (i.e. not some sort of encrypted
connection, https, vpn, etc.)
2.) The person using the service doesn't use/know other ways to bypass
such filters.
A couple of personal side notes here.
your entire filter set assumes the "bad guys" play by the rules.. they
TOR already provides a wonderful way to block your node from exiting to
all illegal/objectionable materials: reject *:* in tor RC (really about
the only effective way to do such)
This filter seems to cast a very wide net and thus appears to be aimed
more at "objectionable" content rather then "illegal" content. If this
is the case then the person implementing it is trying to thrust their
world view onto others.. (basically starting their own little repressive
I can almost guarantee that these filters would end up blocking
resources that are helpful to abuse survivors.. but I guess they don't
need or deserve anonymity now do they.  Please, as others have stated, do not muck up TOR by trying to make it
"safe". You will only end up hurting honest users, slowing things down,
making a royal mess. (directed more at others whom might be considering
something like this the the original author as I am aware he has stated
his server is no longer a going concern).
Freemor Freemor This e-mail has been digitally signed with GnuPG
See:  for more details
