
@_date: 2016-08-19 16:21:48
@_author: Friet Pan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and Spamhaus. 
If all email clients had a whitelist option  until there is a better wway to fight spam then spammers would have at least a barrier...
 Subject: Re: [tor-talk] Tor and Spamhaus.
 To: tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
 Date: Saturday, August 13, 2016, 8:22 PM
 On 12 August 2016 at
 14:18,   > Question: why
 does Spamhaus in particular target exit nodes?
 Knowing Spamhaus, I'd
 guess that they don't target exit nodes per se,
 but rather that Tor has been used by spammers
 which has resulted in
 the block listings.
 Getting them delisted will be exceptionally
 difficult (since there's no guarantee the
 spammers won't immediately
 resume
 business as usual).
 -J
 --
 tor-talk mailing list - tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
 To unsubscribe or change other settings go
 to

@_date: 2016-07-19 05:13:39
@_author: Friet Pan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] webmail send while using TOR is tagged as spamends up in 
i use yahoo to mail with mailinglists but i use TOR to connect to yahoo.
tuns out that all my posts now end up in everyones spam folders. Is this because the tor exitnodes are used by spammers?
or is every mail that was send from a TOR user falsely marked as spam?
also the subscription confirmation email i received from this list ended up in yahoo's spam.
So now i also wonder how many people on this list are not receiving THIS message.
I'm NOT a spammer. Can i sue yahoo for falsely tagging my mails as spam?  or better can TOR sue Yahoo? :-D and win and get a lot of money to put into development?
please have a look at dmarc.org it tries to explain in lawyer-ish speak how the yahoo, gmail, facebook aol, paypal, ebay, amazon cartel teamed together to force people to 'autenticate'
authenticate as in ...get a code that they can use to invade our privacy. (or is this my brain going into paranoia mode?)
can this be fixed?
Or do we need a new email protocol that respects privacy by default,  decentralized, with whitelist and request to communicate and eventually a blacklist to be able to block extreme cases.
is it enough to move away from yahoo, or will the same stuff happen when using another email provider?   Thanks for improving my privacy!

@_date: 2016-07-25 12:37:00
@_author: Friet Pan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] webmail send while using TOR is tagged as spamends 
Sent: Tuesday, July 19, 2016 11:42 AM
I see that roughly 10% of messages from tor-talk at lists.torproject.org from different people go into Gmail's spam folder. If you send a message via Yahoo's webmail, the message is sent from Yahoo's server, not from Tor. So it's not likely that using Tor is relevant in your case.
Yahoo detects that i come from a tor exit node (known tor exit node, or known exit node that once was used to send spam perhaps??)
Anyway Yahoo then rates me as 'unauthenticated user' and adds a metatag? ot someting that google recognizes as 'unauthenticated' whatever that means...
And then in googles terms my mail is 'spam' in googles eyes.
That's WRONG. Since i send a normal mail to a normal mailing list. Now i cannot sue Google.. But Torproject is harmed by google, and yahoo, AOL, and the rest of the cartel. And all TOR users are affected.  the cartel damages our privacy.
If the torproject cab sue the crap out of them and then use the money that comes out of that to improve TOR and our privacy. Then PLEASE DO!!
This message has not gone into the spam folder.
Since i did NOT sent THIS message trough TOR to make sure that it had a chance to come tough (at the expense of MY privacy)
No spam filter is perfect. My advice: do something useful, dude, instead of suing people providing you a service for free.
I know a way to block spam that is nearly perfect, though i'm not a developer, and don't have the skills to DIY it.  I want to share this idea, and discuss the details. But first i need to see that someone grasps the concept.
Privacy is a broad term. I guess privacy means anonymity here. Then your anonymity conflicts with my desire to throw away spam. How can I know whether a message is a spam without reading it? One method is when an algorithm reads the message. This method is employed in many mail services. It is not perfect, as you see. Another method is when I read only messages digitally signed and from people which I trust. This method is more powerful than the previous and requires senders to reveal their identity. You see now?
I *intentionally* use Gmail spam filter despite being able not to use it. Because 95% of messages in the spam folder are real spam. Because few people sign digitally their messages.
Googles spamfilter SUCKS it does allow spam to arrive in your mailbox.
My idea does NOT allow spammers to even contact you, maybe one time...  but after that you can block them for life...
So spam doe not NEED a spambox when it doe not arrive,
So phishing does not arrive (and know that your mailbox exists, simply because the spam did NOT bounce)
So this is enough to keep your email addres on a spammers address list?
but this is only one part of the idea.  But it is the most essential part..
At least, a mail service of a paid web hoster allows you to turn off spam filtering.
But then it still allows spammers to send you spam on that address. :-) catch 22222222 and a half.  I'm looking for a real solution that solves the CAUSE of the problem instead of 'pharmaceutical' medicating the effect, and keeping the cause where it is. (only to sell more crap to pamper the effect, and give you cancer on top of it that needs even more pharma shit)
Is that a good way to describe it?

@_date: 2016-07-25 13:17:52
@_author: Friet Pan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] webmail send while using TOR is tagged as spamends 
Sent: Tuesday, July 19, 2016 1:25 PM
2016-07-19 7:13 GMT+02:00 Friet Pan :
It was tagged as SPAM, but luckily I always check my SPAM folder for
false positives, so I unspammed it. This helps GMail to learn that
this message is safe.
To be precise, I'm not entirely sure whether your mail was tagged as
SPAM, or me's message who replied to it about an hour ago, since GMail
organizes conversations into threads, and I just found the thread in
the SPAM folder.
BUTBUT BUT.
Yahoo tags the mail as 'unauthenticated'
And google only looks for that tag, and ALWAYS puts ALL those messages in a spam foolder
This is a deal they appear to have with the rest of the dmarc.org cartel.
 and read between the lines what they not say for the sake of not saying it.
So untagging is only a red nose on a Sergey's face, to waste your time... You never win. they have a deal
I can be wrong and even a bit paranoia because of all of this so please do your own research.
Oh, boy... Flagging TOR-related messages as SPAM is only the top of
the iceberg. The e-mail system is already very discriminative in order
to filter SPAM, which would otherwise take the majority of mail
traffic. Innocent until proven guilty does not apply here. For
example, some providers block dynamic IPs by default. It bothers me
because I run my own mail server from a dynamic IP, and I don't think
it is fair to block my messages just because I happen to be sending
them from a dynamically allocated IP, while I have no history of
sending SPAM. Luckily, most providers use Spamhaus, and Spamhaus has a
quick de-listing procedure, so every time my IP changes, I need to go
to Spamhaus to de-list my IP. But it still causes a little pain in the
ass. Not to mention that others may use a different blacklist, for
example SORBS, which does not allow de-listing (or they have a long,
complicated de-listing procedure, and in the end they would not allow
me to de-list my dynamic IPs anyway).
So, can I sue those who list or block my messages because I send them
from a dynamic IP? I don't think so. The case is not very different
with TOR. For the higher anonimity of Tor, it has an even higher risk
of SPAM, significantly higher than dynamic IPs – who knows, maybe the
exit node you use was already used by spammers who were really sending
SPAM out through Tor. Since there is no way to discern the users of a
Tor exit node, there is no way to tell that you are not the same
spammer who was sending spam through the same node earlier. If you
think about it, Tor would be ideal for spammers to send spam, so
likely they use it.
It sucks. Well-intentioned people are blocked because OTHERS were
abusing services by spamming, or even worse, by using Tor to relay
their SPAM, which is not really the purpose of Tor. Since there is no
way to discern the good users from the bad ones, there is no way to
solve this problem.

@_date: 2016-07-25 13:25:45
@_author: Friet Pan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] webmail send while using TOR is tagged as spamends 
and this was send by me without giung trough TOR, go figure...  it remembers me having used the tor network, and keeps rating my posts as spam
THIS ALSO HAPPENS with mails that come from hactivism websites.
And mails from GNU.org
what about amnesty international, greenpeace etc.  can we check this?
can we ask all the humanitarian organisations to send their mail trough tor and see what percentage is burned in the spambox?
how many petition emails are never recieved?
... ad more questions of the like here:
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Tuesday, July 19, 2016 1:59 PM
For me gmail put your message (but not the replies) into Spam. Forgot
to check the reason it gave, sorry.

@_date: 2016-07-25 13:36:08
@_author: Friet Pan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] webmail send while using TOR is tagged as spamends 
Thanks for explaining karsten,
Good to see how it works, and where flaws can hide.  Rather or not on purpose (thats the real question)
what are TOR friendly mail providers.  And can the handle the users that run away from the dmarc.org cartel.
And what prevents them of not being rated as spam simply because they use THAT provider?
I see but how does an average man on the street see the difference.
Many people want privacy, but most of them don't have a clue how to get it in todays world.
They have someone who helps them to set up a Gmail account, and so that someone ALSO needs to be trusted, since that someone can have access to that account.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Tuesday, July 19, 2016 1:59 PM
Am 19.07.2016 um 07:13 schrieb Friet Pan:
SPAM filters are using the client IP in mail header for  classification,
if this information was added by the mail provider.
Yahoo! adds the the client IP (in your case the IP of an Tor exit node)
to the first "received from" mail header. May be, some Tor exit relays
are listed in some DNSBL?
You may try a Tor-friendly mailprovider or at least a mail provider,
which doesn't add the client IP to the mailheader. I think, this will
solve most problems with false positve SPAM.
Best regrads
Karsten N.

@_date: 2016-07-25 13:48:28
@_author: Friet Pan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] webmail send while using TOR is tagged as 
I have the feeling i will get more reply's on this topic then i can handle
I want to run my own mailbox, and i could do that, BUT it's not for everyone.
Privacy SHOULD BE for everyone. not only for:
-The tech minded people who know how to figure it out.
-Criminals who pay someone to figure it out.
-Politicians who use OUR TAXMONEY to set up THEIR privacy, then add more TAX MONEY to spy ON US!
but the tax payer is left naked on the street and will be sued for walking naked on the street.
I'm sure everyone on this list knows this political principle already, But once it is simple enough for EVERYONE to have basic privacy then everyone has a fighting chance.
And the TOR project provides SOME of that, where the governments FAIL to provide ANY OF THAT. So thanks to all onions in the world!   now lets FART!!!
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Tuesday, July 19, 2016 2:13 PM
I'm surprised more people don't run their own mail. Using something like mailinabox ( wonder how hard it would be to fork it and create a version that is configured to use Tor / not leak DNS / etcetera.

@_date: 2016-07-25 14:03:10
@_author: Friet Pan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] webmail send while using TOR is tagged as 
Yes i also have a riseup account that i use on other mailing lists now, but i signed up here with the yahoo account for this reason, to see how serious it is, and to raise some awareness if needed
I wonder how many people on the TOR mailing list receive my post in the spam box. or a percentage
I try to post all messages o this subject without going trough tor.
And from the looks of it many people on this list get my original post in the spambox. and maybe this post as well.
I'm pissed, i try to stay focussed and to stay to the point. that not easy... i can snap before i know it.
But i try my best to avoid a F*CH_SH*T_STACK on this list.
 slip o't'tongue
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Monday, July 25, 2016 2:44 PM
Have u tried switching email provider? I had alot of problem with gmail but i switched
Friet Pan  skrev: (25 juli 2016 14:37:00 CEST)

@_date: 2016-07-25 14:44:13
@_author: Friet Pan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] EU Intel Property Office Report Hates on Tor, Bitcoin, 
Sounds a bit like the war on drugs.
They refuse to look at the cause of the problem, but jump around the effect like their pants are on fire.
oooo the effect is sooooooooo scary, but refuse to see that THEY are the ones who caused it. In case of the music industry, they ignored MP3, then they ignored, napster and co. then they sued napster when the damage was done and out of control.  If they had embraced MP3 in the very beginning, and had ran their own donwload sites at fair prices, then there would not have been a need for pirates, it wouldn't even make sense.
But the music industry is greedy, and always wants MORE profit, so they make stuff artificially expensive and then moan that people give copies to their friends. I have an insane record collection, and when i download a track that i already own on Vinyl, on CD, or on BOTH, then they still want MORE money, i already paid the damn thing TWICE, so why is it a problem to download it?. Is it illegal? NO. Then why moan about it?
And if there is no money in making music, then why do studio's still record music?, Why do record labels still produce music? If there was no profit then there would be no product. They still make music, and still make a living.  And now people try before they buy, they download, and find new music that the industry does not promote on the radio. And more artist make a chance to make money, all over the world, not in a small region.
So that part is one big lie. Torrents do more music promotion then what radio ever accomplished. But thats off topic i guess...  I had to say something about it. It's just silly. If you want fame in the 21th century, then make sure you have a torrent available. And you can make yourself more popular then 21thcentury fox can do for you with all the money in the world.
And for TAX it doesn't matter, Servers make TAX, advertisment makes TAX, Concerts make TAX, more then ever before.
I'm not promoting piracy, i'm only saying that the music industy is barking up the wrong tree, torrents SELL MUSIC and without the need of bribing corrupt radio hosts.. It's cheaper then radio.
The other topic have similar answers, movie industry is a bit different, buy they could have used torrent as a distribution mechanism, and made money without expensive servers and datapipes.
It's their own mistake, and now they need someone to blame. So if TOR can protect people who are human and share their cooking recipes then that's all good. Without sharing data the human race would be more like a bunch of chimps fighting over a branch. If the music industry manages to put us in a zoo where we need to pay to look outside, then we are like chimps in a boring zoo without any visitors.
thats not human....
Damn, i got pissed.... My apologies for my ranting... i'll buy some music next week...
----- Original Message -----
A new report published by the European Union Intellectual Property
Office ....

@_date: 2016-07-25 14:54:50
@_author: Friet Pan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor-talk disabling my menbership due to bounces??? 
A few minutes ago i received this message from the tor-talk list
Your membership in the mailing list tor-talk has been disabled due to
excessive bounces The last bounce received from you was dated
25-Jul-2016.  You will not get any more messages from this list until
you re-enable your membership.  You will receive 3 more reminders like
this before your membership in the list is deleted.
Paranoia kick in... please forgive me!!!! what bounced?
how did it bounce?
is this in any way related to yahoo and inapropiate spam tagging of Yahoo and co.?
what did i do wrong?
is the mailing list provider also a dmarc.org cartel member??
How crazy is this going to be???

@_date: 2016-07-28 03:51:40
@_author: Friet Pan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] EU Intel Property Office Report Hates on Tor, Bitcoin, 
@ flipchan
It's a bit like radio but without bribing the radio host to play certain music and ignore other music.
By bittorrent gives access to all music to everyone worldwide, without the interference of bribed radiohosts.
Everyone can then try whatever music they come across, and once they like it, then they go google who made it, become a fan, buy a CD, buy merchandise, go to concerts, use the music in youtube video's (and promote the music FOR FREE), more people like the music, and the artist sell more music.
@ conrad
It's good that they did not dive in with mp3. Afterall that opened up the path to more innovative technology. And that enabled the music industry to make even more money, since that technology is being used in their recording studio's. Maybe bittorrent sites should listen to the music industry and ban all music that comes from the industry, and only host music that is not affiliated with any record label. (Music from free musicians)
Then wait how long it takes until they start to ask themselves if this is really what they wanted.
Maybe it is, maybe it isn't.  Time will tell.  I have a feeling that says that will come back to that decision.
The industries, business model just does not include all possible modern technologies, it is extremely limited to technologies that are "proven trough time" And they are so large and slow that they cant react at the pace this world is moving.    A flock os starlings can move direction in a split second without any damage, a dinosaur will be missing the corner, and things will break.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Wednesday, July 27, 2016 12:32 AM
I think its great that u can download it, and if u like it u will/can buy it :)
Conrad Rockenhaus  skrev: (26 juli 2016 22:47:43 CEST)
