
@_date: 2015-02-11 11:57:12
@_author: grace eden 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CfP: Surveillance and Citizenship: State-Media-Citizen 
The following conference hopes to bring together activist, civil
society, journalists and others. Please consider submitting an abstract
or workshop proposal.
Surveillance and Citizenship: State-Media-Citizen Relations After the
Snowden Leaks
18-19 June 2015
Cardiff University, UK
Conference and Workshop, as part of the ESRC project ?Digital
Citizenship and Surveillance Society?, in collaboration with the ?Unlike
Us? network
The revelations by whistleblower Edward Snowden have provided
unprecedented insights into contemporary mass surveillance. They have
prompted significant debates on the nature of civil rights in digital
environments; the possibilities and challenges of secure communication;
the nature of the security state; the quality of media coverage; and new
threats to press freedom and political dissent.
Two years after the revelations started, the conference ?Surveillance
and Citizenship? will review their impacts and consequences for state
policy, technological development, internet uses and the media. It will
address the following questions:
? What is the policy environment for surveillance and the work of
intelligence agencies? Which policy reform proposals have emerged?
? Which technical platforms have been particularly vulnerable; what
tools exist for secure communication; and what standards are required
for privacy protection?
? What is the level of public reaction? How do people perceive digital
? What are the implications of surveillance for journalism, activism and
social movements?
? Have the media reported accurately on the leaks? Which challenges have
emerged for journalists?
? What is the nature of citizenship in the ?Snowden Era??
The conference will combine academic analysis and practical workshops.
It will include paper presentations, hackathons, and strategic
workshops. We invite submissions of
? paper proposals on any of the above-mentioned subjects
? proposals for workshops, hackathons and practical project presentations.
In addition, the conference will serve to present preliminary research
results by the research project "Digital Citizenship and Surveillance
Society: UK State-Media-Citizen Relations after the Snowden Leaks". The
collaborative project, hosted by Cardiff University, explores the
nature, opportunities and challenges of digital citizenship in light of
mass surveillance.
Speakers include (among others):
Ben Wizner (ACLU, Edward Snowden?s lawyer)
Caspar Bowden (former Chief Privacy Adviser for Microsoft)
Mark Andrejevic (Ponoma College, US)
Kirstie Ball (Open University, UK)
Seda Guerses (New York University, US)
Tony Bunyan (Statewatch)
James Ball (The Guardian)
The conference will bring together leading UK and international
scholars, and representatives of organisations such as Privacy
International, Electronic Frontier Foundation, Tactical Tech, Open
Rights Group, and the Centre for Investigative Journalism.
Please submit a 300-500 word abstract to DCSSproject at cardiff.ac.uk.
Submission deadline: 15 February 2015
All submissions must include a title, author name(s), institutional
affiliation(s) and full contact information (mailing address, email
address). If you propose a workshop or practical demonstration, please
provide a clear statement of purpose and a detailed description of
activities, as well as any infrastructure requirements.
The conference will take place in Cardiff, the capital of Wales. Cardiff
can be reached from London by train (2 hours) or coach (3 hours).
Cardiff has an international airport and is also easily reachable from
Bristol Airport and London Heathrow. Logistical information on the
venue, hotels, etc. is available on Further information about the conference: Jonathan Cable,
DCSSproject at cardiff.ac.uk
Conference organizing committee:
Dr Arne Hintz (Cardiff University), Prof Karin Wahl-Jorgensen (Cardiff
University), Dr Lina Dencik (Cardiff University), Prof Ian Brown (Oxford
University), Dr Michael Rogers (Briar Project, Technical University of
Delft), Dr Jonathan Cable (Cardiff University)
For information about the ESRC project, see:
