
@_date: 2013-08-07 23:54:35
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Torbutton 
Hash: SHA1
Running Tor on Trisquel Linux 6.0, with Vidalia Version 0.2.21 (which I
assume is the latest one) running, from the Tor Bundle, my Torbutton in
the Tor Bowser is shown with a red X on it.  I assume this means that
Torbutton is disabled, while the green onion icon of Vidalia is shown
in the panel, showing that it is active (I believe).
I can understand the Torbutton being disabled in the vanilla binary of
Firefox, but should this be the case in the 'hardened' version of
Firefox in the the Torbundle?
The Torbutton used to be the way we users learnt that vidalia was
running and that we had anonymity from prying eyes when running
Firefox. Is the Torbutton now defunct, and if so, which other browsers
can be used to gain anonymity on the 'net?
Or do we assume that any browser is safe when the  vidalia green onion
is running?
If this is not the case, can you advise which other browsers can be
used to provide anonymity with Vidalia running (eg, browsers usually
used with other Linux distros, such as Iceweasel and Midori)?
++ Graham Todd
Using Trisquel Linux 6.0.
 [Free As In Freedom  and Approved By The Free Software Foundation]

@_date: 2013-08-16 08:43:46
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] HELP! TBB browser with Tor/Vidalia showing Tor not 
I have the Tor Bundle installed but I have a message on one of the pages
in the Tor Browser that 'Tor Is Not Installed', although the
Vidalia control panel has fired up and I now have a "green onion"
showing in the panel and the Torbutton showing in the Tor Browser.
From the Torproject website I gather this is the way to determine
whether Tor is running, but the Tor Browser shows me a webpage with
something like this warning: "Tor is not running/installed". Either it
is installed or it is not and the error message is confusing.
I realise that you can't look over my shoulder so to speak, but is this
a known problem with the Tor Bundle? Can anyone help me with what to do
to correct it?
I can't see anything on the Torproject website, so perhaps this forum
can help me.  Many thanks for any help you can give me!
BTW I have as my desktop an ageing Packard Bell Pentium 4 box (sorry
don't know the model number), running gNewSense 3.0 "Parkes" [this is
the upgraded stable version, not the Beta].
++ Graham Todd
Using gNewSense 3.0 Linux
[Free as in Free Speech and Freedom]

@_date: 2013-12-10 17:01:56
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Problems Knowing If Tor Is 'Live' 
I am using Privoxy with Tor, and using the Torbundle. In addition I am
chaining Tor with JAP on occasions, but not all the time. The following
happens when I have disconnected JAP
In my Panel on the top right hand side, I have a green onion. As I
understand from the documentation with Vidalia, this means Tor should
be running.
However the Torbutton appears the tab in the Torbrowser to the left,
but shows a red cross over the Torbutton, which I presume means that
Tor is not running.  This is confirmed when I go to the Torcheck site,
which says in bold letters:
You Are Not Using Tor
What am I doing wrong? I used to have no trouble running the Tor
Browser Bundle, but now this keeps happening. The settings for the Tor
Browser and the Network Proxy Settings are set the same:
HTTP: 127.0.0.1:8118
HTTPS: 127.0.0.1: 8118
FTP:	127.0.0.1:2121
Socks host 127.0.0.1:9150
The FTP proxy I'm running is ftp-proxy.
I have been running the JAP anonymising proxy in the past, and there
might be something residual left that is upsetting Tor but I can't find
it.  The Tor logs show Tor failed to connect.
Is this just me overlooking something simple, or is Tor just not
connecting because I've done something wrong, and why is Tor showing a
deep green onion on my panel but not connecting?

@_date: 2013-11-13 22:28:54
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor for Opera? 
I like Opera as a suite of packages, far more so than the equivalent
from the mozilla stable (iceape, seamonkey) and I notice from the Tor
Browser Bundle is centered around Firefox 17 and I assume, iceweasel.
Is there any reason (other than the non-free status of Opera) why I
should not use it with Opera? Or does Opera still have its non-free
status? should Tor be used only with Firefox/iceweasel for some
specific reason or is this suggestion merely one of preference?
And if there is no reason not to use Opera, is it likely that a version
will be developed for the Opera suite of programs?
Graham Todd
Email produced by Claws-Mail under gNewSense Linux
and anonymised en route using Tor and JonDo.
Privacy is not an option or a crime, it is a RIGHT

@_date: 2013-10-12 23:54:02
@_author: gct7photography@gmail.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
Nice one, Matt.
Yes, with SSL, Tor, and VPN in existence it would make internet
censorship difficult, but if Snowden is to be believed, GCHQ already
has this capacity and could disseminate it to the police forces of this
nation, so some sort of comment is necessary.
No, Tor should not be advocating porn (but I've never seen Tor
advocating it), and advocating could lead to grave implications of
legality which could leave Tor being closed down.
Probably the best thing to do now is to refer concerned citizens to ORG
and for Tor supporting it to the hilt.  There's a big brawl
++ Graham Todd
Email created using gNewSense Linux 3.0 and hardened with
Libert? Linux 2012.3.
"Free Software, as free in free speech and freedom"

@_date: 2013-09-02 18:13:06
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and Financial Transparency 
First of, I'll admit to not being as technically as savvy as most of
you, but I've recently seen a copy of Liberte Linux 2012.3 and this
claims that ALL connections a torrified and this is what I'm after in
an anonymity set of software.
Those guys use the Tor software, so it definately means there's a
meeting of minds to extend Tor. Apart from the same banner as Anonymous
(which the anons may or may not have purloined from Liberte Linux), it
looks like a sturdier piece of work than, say, Tor added through
Vidalia to Icecat or Iceweasel alone.
In the UK, we have suffered the same snooping on our online presence
through GCHQ, so we users have a common purpose in coming up with that
'viable technical solution' of which you speak.  Its not only the USA
that this affects.
Are the guys behind Liberte Linux a group you could work with? And if
not, why not?
++ Graham Todd
Email created using gNewSense Linux 3.0 and hardened with
Libert? Linux 2012.3.
"Free Software, as free in free speech and freedom"
GnuPG Key: 0xD34AD0DE

@_date: 2013-09-03 17:17:49
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Roger's status report, August 2013 
Until this year, I was a student at the University of Kent, and you can
find the at:
where I know some members of the Computer Science Laboratory were very
interested in Tor, which was the reason I got switched on to the
They have even run Hurd with a Linux kernel for the students (though a
bit unsuccessfully) so they are no strangers to FOSS-ware.
I believe that they may be able to help with funding, but in any case,
it will interest more students in the Tor project.
++ Graham Todd
Email created using gNewSense Linux 3.0 and hardened with
Libert? Linux 2012.3.
"Free Software, as free in free speech and freedom"

@_date: 2013-09-04 00:03:59
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Email Clients and Tor 
It IS the same in Claws as Sylpheed, but I've wriiten to the Claws-Mail
list to ask for further edification :-)
Now this is what I have been doing.  It may not be the right way, or
the best way, but *I think* it works!
First, get the Network Proxy package running in your panel. Open it up
and put in the line for the HTTP proxy put 127.0.0.1:[Port Of Your
Proxy] with the same for the Secure HTTP proxy line. This is in
System-> Preferences -> Network Proxy
On the line for the Socks host, put 127.0.0.1:9150 if you use the Tor
Finally, remove 127.0.0.1 and localhost from the list of Ignored Hosts
or the whole thing won't work.
Now, when running the Tor Bundle, its best to start it running before
you fire up Claws-Mail it seems to me (though I'm willing to be
corrected). However Claws is a plain text package and you only need to
connect in HTML if you use one of the HTML plugins, or use the External
Programs option in Claws in Configuration->Preferences->Message View ->
External Programs.
There I found an entry for Firefox.  As a presumption, I took it that
the Tor Browser Bundle would be automatically fired up instead of
Firefox if I left it, but if you find that it doesn't, you may have to
try something along the lines of the Midori Private Browsing package,
or Tails, or Liberte Linux, but it seems to work OK for me.
Having said all this, if I've made a real howler of the process, I hope
somebody will correct me.
Of course, if you put a decent HOSTS file in /etc/hosts to start with,
it'll make your endeavours easier.  The best I've found is at:
 that's not really relevent to
discussions about Tor
++ Graham Todd
Email created using gNewSense Linux 3.0 and hardened with
Libert? Linux 2012.3.
"Free Software, as free in free speech and freedom"

@_date: 2013-09-07 19:26:52
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] NSA has cracked web encryption! 
I presume they mean the OpenPGP standard tools, and its not
surprising.  Many of the people who posed a threat to the British and
US states have said they used it, from the IRA to the 6/7 bombers (in
London), so its only to be assumed that the top cryptographic
departments of the military would find a way round, for instance, the
Blowfish algorithm.  We must be sure that for anything but mass
surveillance, the Tor system is broadly ineffective, or the
intelligence community is not doing the job they are given.
One of the posters in your list asks: where does this take us.  The
trouble is this disclosure gives us no idea of just how far they have
begun to bring down the barriers we have tried to erect, and without
that knowledge, we cannot know how high we need to rebuild those
We need to be ever watchful and try to build the perfect barrier
(however weak our efforts) and assume that those in power have the
means to tear down the barriers in a very short time.
That doesn't mean we should stop trying, though
++ Graham Todd
Email created using gNewSense Linux 3.0 and hardened with
Libert? Linux 2012.3.
"Free Software, as free in free speech and freedom"

@_date: 2013-09-11 10:58:53
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Updating Tor Browser Bundle 
Hash: SHA1
But does it use vanilla Firefox, or one of the variants such as
Iceweasel or IceCat?
I'm attempting to keep my distro totally free, and have thought about
migrating to Anonym.OS, the OpenBSD variant, which seems to use Tor
quite efficiently. I realise this is the anonymising OS that the
Anonymous group have created for the use of their supporters but beyond
that does anyone know about Anonym.OS?
++ Graham Todd
Email created using gNewSense Linux 3.0 and hardened with
Libert? Linux 2012.3.
"Free Software, as free in free speech and freedom"

@_date: 2013-09-11 11:56:45
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Indirect Tor question 
That's a bit disingenuous to my mind.
There may be people who are concerned with their freedoms that have a
relationship with [FSF defined] Free Software, but the majority are
happy enough to get software without cost (and even consider it without
cost if an OS comes with the hardware), if my own experience is
anything to go by.
We have a community of users of [FSF] Free Software and I would like
to say only that it is at this time when the western world's economic
system is in meltdown that the community is concerned with price.  From
my experience, this is not only the case, and are not that interested in
creating hardware that work with Free Software; in fact, from my
observations that community is pretty well inactive in the area of new
advances for free software.
From my experience, they use Free Software because it is, well, free
without putting anything back for the rest of the community.  Of late,
there have been serious issues of privacy and the State which the vast
majority of Free Software users has not been actively involved, and not
been raising issues about freedoms and rights.
If the large mass of users had been involved, we could have achieved
far, far more than we have both in the US and UK and other countries.
The question is: how do we organise to make ourselves more effective
and hasn't really been answered up to now?
++ Graham Todd
Email created using gNewSense Linux 3.0 and hardened with
Libert? Linux 2012.3.
"Free Software, as free in free speech and freedom"

@_date: 2013-09-21 17:16:21
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] WP: The feds pay for 60 percent of Tor's 
Can I add my tuppence worth to this important thread?  I accepted that
the FSF, in recommending I use gNewSense, was recommending a a totally
free Linux distribution, because I believe (and still believe) that the
endorsement by the FSF is a good measure of its integrity to be what it
That might have been naive of me, but I believe that to be the case
with most people.  If something is recommended by those in whom we have
to trust, we generally trust that other "thing" by association.
As a Brit, my interest in the Snowden Affair, was how much can we trust
the UK government?  We do not have explicit constitutional arrangements
in which our government is supposed to act, instead we have implicit
rules in which our government is supposed to act and the ways they get
our state to act.
I am not so naive to suppose that places like GCHQ do not exist, but I
rely on our government to rein them in, and take responsibility for
doing so, if they exceed the bounds of what is implicitly accepted. One
role of government is to act in a way which we, as citizens, have
implicitly allowed them.  Also, it is the responsibility of me, as a
citizen, to let the government know what those bounds should be, and to
be reasonably sure that they will not overstep the limits.
This is the essence of representative democracy, not just that organs
of the State which could use mass surveillance of private digital
information, but can we trust the government of our country not to
allow it to be done. By extension, can we rely upon that trust in our
government to make all States in which we have diplomatic relations to
act in the same way, or to report to Parliament if they cannot?
I do not need to know that MI5 and GCHQ have any particular interest in
this information, just that the light of examination will be brought to
bear on any activity that they indulge in, and that my trust in the
government (of whichever hue) is not misplaced.  Sometimes they get it
right, on others they get it wrong. Churchill's decision to fight Hitler
and German Fascism was right;Thatcher's decision to go to war against
the National Union of Mineworkers was wrong.
Can I still trust my government in the light of the Snowden
revelations? I think not.  We are still the subject of the greatest
range of CCTV surveillance in the world, almost without the British
public being asked. now, we are having our digital life screened and
screened retroactively at that by the NSA, which is not even an office
of our government, and doesn't answer to Parliament. My government,
through the GCHQ, have asked the NSA for this information and it has
been handed over.  My state has no democratic control over the NSA; this
is the type of "special arrangement" we do not want.
Now we have to put our trust in the FSF, in GnuPG, in Tor and VPN
tunnelling: but we should not have to do so.  We should be able to
trust our governments to due the right thing as soon as possible.
++ Graham Todd

@_date: 2014-04-04 17:06:15
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How safe is smartphones today? 
Hash: SHA1
This begs a few questions:
Is TOR secure with smartphones (or any we in the UK call mobile phones)?
What other secure ways to talk are there?
Is the poster meaning "TOR or secure ways to chat",or that TOR is not
For what its worth, Richard Stallman has said they are not secure and
for that reason he won't own one and doesn't. It has long been known
they have the capacity for surveillance and recent NSA/GCHQ revelations
have disclosed their capacity for mass surveillance. I think it almost
certain that the "spooks" can listen in to telephone calls if they wish
to;what's a matter of greater conjecture is the ability to track each
phone as it moves from receiver tower to receiver tower while the phone
is "live".
Very easy.
I'm not sure that they install trojan software but I am sure they have
taken to steps to ensure that the hardware will always include methods
of tracking the users while the battery is "on" and live
Precisely. And that is why you should always treat claims about privacy
for the users with a large pinch of salt.
However,mobile phones have a good side.  I have several debilitating
medical conditions that make my holding a mobile phone while away from
home that has a battery a necessity for my well-being. But this is me
being tracked or surveilled with my my consent; the problem comes with
tracking and surveillance *without* my consent.
Except it isn't a software trojan, but a deliberate part of its
architecture, part of its design
It might be that the NSA/GCHQ combination has the ability to conduct
mass surveillance,but it chooses not to do so all the time.  But Edward
Snowden's revelations has shown you are essentially correct - at least
for mobile phones
As far as smartphones are concerned, just disconnecting the battery
would be a better way of getting an untrackable device, and only
using public telephones when you need to make a call. This is not
fail-safe but it will help (unless you are the subject of surveillance
from individuals spying on you).
But don't worry too much: TOR and JAP software are useful ways of
helping to anonymise computers. These programs are surely less
effective than it is claimed;but this doesn't mean they are of no
benefit at all. It simply means that these programs should not be
considered a sure-fire shield,only a help towards that shield.
I don't believe that the war or the battle is lost, but we need more
people to be working on this problem and propose new ways of
attacking the problem.
 --Graham Todd

@_date: 2014-02-22 15:30:34
@_author: Graham Todd 
@_subject: [tor-talk] UK child stealing (sorry its off topic but it is 
Its only relevant if the matter in question is one where the use of Tor, or its development, is part of the legality (or
otherwise)of the subject in question.
I haven't been able to follow this thread (being in hospital) but the
only case that I'm aware of in which a court can order a gagging order
such as this, is that of a Super Injunction.
These are usually made in libel cases, and you cannot talk about the
Super Injunction, publish anything about it (ie. so that the fact of
its issue and/or the content, is seen by more than two people) or refer
to it in any way.  You could be fined for a Contempt of Court, which
"Private Eye" (the well-known satirical magazine in the UK) has found
to its cost.  The fine can be for many thousands of pounds sterling.
As far as the internet, and the use of Tor, are concerned I would think
(and I am by no means an authority) that if you used Tor and an OpenPGP
standard program (such as PGP or GnuPG) you would be safe, because you
intend the decrypted text to be seen by no more than two people and the
problem would reside with the recipient.
However, if you blog or put on a webpage (for example), you would
intend the information to be seen and read by more than two people, and
then be subject to a fine for Contempt of Court. Some time ago (about
10 years) I checked this with a Solicitor in the UK, but I have not had
the need to do so since.
The law in the UK may well have changed during the last decade and
nobody should regard my comments as the final word on the matter. I
think that even a defence that its publicity is in the 'public
interest' would exist in the case of a Super Injunction but it may well
do in the case of a simple Court Order.
