
@_date: 2006-12-04 19:25:43
@_author: GeorgeDS 
@_subject: Appeal for class-action lawsuit against connection data 
There is a FireFox extension called FoxLingo that provides multiple
translation services for foreign language pages. It lets you set your
default translation to language. It normally includes Google as one of the translation services but
typically provides 4 or more alternatives. The alternatives often work
better than Google, and if you care about privacy, and who on this list
doesn't, any alternative should be preferable to Google. Google keeps
permanent records of all uses made of any of their services, and can
correlate almost anything with anything else, searches you've made, ads
you've clicked on, translations you've made.
George Shaffer

@_date: 2006-11-15 19:38:26
@_author: GeorgeDS 
@_subject: Storage of connection data committed by law for Tor servers in 
So George Orwell was off by about 30 years; new guesstimate for the
arrival of 1984 is now 2014. I thought the European countries were way
ahead of the U.S. in privacy protection, but I suppose 9/11 changed
things there as much as in the U.S. Or more accurately was the excuse to
change things that many governments wanted to change anyhow. The masses
seem more concerned with "safety" than freedom or privacy, and likely to
back such government actions. If/when this law becomes final, hopefully
this list will be informed.
BTW Comcast has again cut off my Comcast email account access to this
list as of early last Thursday.
George Shaffer

@_date: 2006-11-24 10:40:26
@_author: GeorgeDS 
@_subject: Patch for Tsocks unifying the platform independent patches 
On OpenBSD 3.9 and 3.4 uname without options prints:
Your little script does not work on either 3.9 or 3.4. The following
modification works on both.
if uname|grep BSD
  echo "BSD"
  echo "NOT"
On 3.4 the default root shell was csh. Sometime between 3.4 and 3.9 it changed to ksh, but with both, without the "then" you get a syntax
error, and with the brackets uname cannot be found. I don't remember the default user shell was as I always set mine to ksh. The scripts work the same under bash on CentOS/Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3.4. The above also worked printing NOT, or Linux if BSD was changed to Linux.
They get the same errors without the then or with the [ ] brackets.
George Shaffer

@_date: 2006-10-25 05:06:38
@_author: GeorgeDS 
@_subject: "Practical onion hacking: finding the real address of Tor 
I agree.
It seemed reasonable when I wrote it, but your response seems right.
George Shaffer

@_date: 2006-10-31 12:19:28
@_author: GeorgeDS 
@_subject: "Practical onion hacking: finding the real address of Tor 
If your only point is I forgot to list this, I'm guilty. Other than
that, this seems to be an argument against using Tor.
I was making the point that many web surfers who use poor security with
their browsers don't actually encounter malicious software. I agree with
your restated then they "shouldn't act surprised if they run into
problems." I wish all sites would allow SSL to all pages. Sometimes I
switch http:// to https:// on non forms pages but few major sites accept SSL across all their pages; Amazon seems to.
Thank you. Regarding systrace:
"In general" I agree but there are costs as well as benefits to all
security measures. Rational people can reach a wide range of conclusions
regarding how much to invest and where. I suspect you might be rather
uneasy with controlling software, as in preventing customers from using
Skype, as the Narus tools linked to below can.
We will obviously continue to disagree about these. I recently came
across  which describes a line
of products that allow large ISPs and broadband carriers to monitor
everything that flows across their network. Virtually every protocol can
be identified, and everything from any IP can be assembled into a stream
and it's contents examined. That barely begins to describe what the
Narus tools can do. If you care about privacy, this is really creepy.
Partly this is to allow carriers to conform to the wiretap laws that are
being applied in the US and other countries, but Narus makes clear the
carriers can use these tools for their own purposes. While resources
should prevent an ISP or carrier from monitoring all their customers all
the time, tools like this will allow them to focus on protocols banned
by terms of service and identify the customers using the banned
protocol. In the case of a cable provider, there is only one in any
specific area. If you loose your access, then you have to hope DSL is
available, and you will normally pay more for comparable download
speeds. Personally I want to be careful about my ISPs terms of service.
George Shaffer

@_date: 2007-01-02 17:51:37
@_author: GeorgeDS 
@_subject: Opening 2 Firefox profiles |was: Re: Tor and Thunderbird: Outgoing 
If you could tell me how to do do this I'd really appreciate it. This
may vary with OS. I've tried multiple times on Linux (CentOS/Red Hat
Enterprise 3.4) and not succeeded. Once one or more Firefox windows are
open, the -ProfileManager flag does not appear to be recognized, so I've
been unable to find a way to get copies of Firefox using different
profiles to open at the same time. It's a real nuisance to have to close
a dozen tabs, to do a few things with Tor.
George Shaffer

@_date: 2007-01-02 19:59:59
@_author: GeorgeDS 
@_subject: Question for Job and others / was: Re: Tor and Thunderbird: 
I got curious about Tor because of concerns of businesses, including my
ISP, tracking my activities over the Internet. Ultimately I became most
concerned about Google due to the thousands of searches I've performed
over the years, including medical, political, and financial searches
that I thought were of a private nature. I've learned that Google keeps
a permanent history of all searches, and if they wished, could probably
sell most of my search history, properly linked to my real name and
address. I don't believe the US has any laws to stop this. What I've
learned about Google disturbed me enough that I removed Google ads from
my web site.
As it develops, it appears that Tor's most valuable contributions will
be in the area of allowing people under repressive governments (and
other non-benign powerful organizations) to access and share information
their governments does not want them to see, and to communicate with
like minded individuals, in and out of their own countries. The "Why We
Need Tor" section of the Overview says "It [lack of anonymity] can even threaten your job and physical
safety by revealing who and where you are. For example, if you're
traveling abroad and you connect to your employer's computers to check
or send mail, you can inadvertently reveal your national origin and
professional affiliation to anyone observing the network, even if the
connection is encrypted."
While Tor certainly can hide you from your final destination, whether it
be a server or individual, that seems more a by product than a core
I've found parts of this thread mildly disturbing. The Overview suggests
an excellent reason for email through Tor, though in such a case you
will not at all be anonymous to the email's recipient, but should be
anonymous to the first and subsequent links providing the connection
back to your employer. I'm having some trouble visualizing (maybe I lack
imagination) why it should be so important to hide yourself from someone
receiving your email. If you've already gone through a free email
service, and used an obscure email name, your real IP has negligible
value. That is unless the emails were harassing or otherwise violated
the origin ISP policies, in such a way that the ISP might reveal sender
information to the recipient, or cancel the sender's account. Job, can you explain, in an abstract manner, why it is important to you
to send emails where the recipient has no way to identify you, but you
do not care about your ISP or independent email provider being aware of
your other activities, except when you are contacting these special
recipients, when you will be using Tor?
It's unlikely to be relevant in this situation (Job does not appear to
be a US resident), but US residents who use Tor to harass or annoy email
recipients anonymously are committing a federal crime. In early January
2006, Bush signed the Violence Against Women Act, which provided among
other things "Whoever...utilizes any device or software that can be used
to originate telecommunications or other types of communications that
are transmitted, in whole or in part, by the Internet... without
disclosing his identity and with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or
harass any person...who receives the communications...shall be fined
under title 18 or imprisoned not more than two years, or both."
 So you can
annoy someone by email if you don't hide your identity, but if annoy
someone anonymously it becomes a federal crime.
George Shaffer

@_date: 2007-01-03 20:04:24
@_author: GeorgeDS 
@_subject: Opening 2 Firefox profiles 
Mike, thanks for the help.
It appears that gtk+ and libstdc++ are older versions and I don't have
fontconfig/xft. Surprisingly the 4.4 system has the same issues and this
is based on the current Red Hat Enterprise Linux. I looked into
upgrading gtk+ a few days ago and ran into a web of dependencies where I
was unable to locate a required program or library. I've been thinking
about getting a new computer and this is one more reason to do so,
rather than do piecemeal software upgrades on an aging system or one
that is not fully set up.
I tried the first method despite the missing and older software and it
did not work.
I'd be surprised if the results weren't the same.
I think it's obviously my system and not a bug.
George Shaffer

@_date: 2007-01-04 18:27:41
@_author: GeorgeDS 
@_subject: Question for Job and others / was: Re: Tor and Thunderbird: 
AA meetings are not truly anonymous. People usually give real first
names. Anyone could be followed home. In local groups, some participants
are likely to know some others outside of AA. Participants support each
other outside the group, and in the process learn real phone numbers and
home addresses. Likewise cross dressers in the real world, don't make
their interests public, but are likely to know who they associate with
while engaging in their fetish activities. If the concern is public
exposure, then one should be most concerned about ISPs and other
organizations that collect personal information (Gmail) having this
information, rather than the recipient of an email who apparently shares
similar interests. This was the reverse of the original posters
concerns, which is what prompted my question.
I was not implying anything. I was merely mentioning a law that I
thought my be relevant in similar circumstances in the U.S. I was
providing information. If you intend to annoy someone in the U.S. via
email or send an email that may be construed as annoying, it may be
safer to do so without hiding your identity. I think the law is
improper, unnecessary, and foolish. It should not be illegal to annoy,
as something as simple as calling someone a fool or ignorant, is likely
to annoy. There are already adequate laws that cover real threats and
harassment without regard to anonymity. Your reaction is similar to
confusing someone who points out a security vulnerability with someone
who is attempting to exploit it. Like almost everyone else who responded to my message, you ignored the
half of my message where I gave reasons for using Tor. My curiosity was
not regarding reasons for wanting anonymity, which I understand quite
well, but lack of concern over ISPs and free email providers tracking or
profiling you when you are not using Tor.
George Shaffer
