
@_date: 2005-06-20 07:51:22
@_author: Greg Hewgill 
@_subject: my isp cut me off 
So I've been running a Tor exit node router for a few weeks now. Last
night I got home and found that my server was offline; I called the
ISP and they said the network cable was unplugged due to a DoS attack.
I asked them to plug it back in but didn't get any more details at the
time. I said I would look around and see if I could find any reason
for that. I did disable the standard irc ports in my Tor exit policy,
because I figured that's the most likely place for abuse.
This morning I found that it was offline again; when I called the tech
guy couldn't really tell me much more except that it was an incoming
DoS attack, and that the server appeared to be involved in irc botnet
traffic. He said the trouble ticket suspected my server was rooted, I
knew it was probably just Tor doing its job.
So before my server is plugged back in, I get to talk to the network
manager to find out more about what's going on here. I need to brush
up on my Tor faq so I can coherently explain to my ISP what's going
on. I will probably also end up modifying my Tor exit policy to only
allow specific ports rather than the default of rejecting certain
ports. I don't like to have to do that.
Does anybody have any recommendations on what I should say? The way I
see it, we're all in pretty much the same boat here. Surely this sort
of thing has happened to others too.
Greg Hewgill

@_date: 2005-06-20 08:15:51
@_author: Greg Hewgill 
@_subject: my isp cut me off 
Ah, thanks, that's the faq I was looking for. I'll find out as much
information from them as I can with regard to the source and/or cause.
Since the ISP probably sees me as a "problem" right now, I'll want to
try to present Tor in a positive light instead of saying something
like, "so, I'm running this anonymous open proxy on my box...". Well,
not in those words but I don't want it to come across that way.
Now I just have to wait until the network manager comes in later this
morning. Whee.
Greg Hewgill

@_date: 2005-06-20 12:10:30
@_author: Greg Hewgill 
@_subject: my isp cut me off 
Well, as a followup to this, I talked to the network manager at my
ISP. Apparently their AUP doesn't permit any kind of IRC traffic,
client or server, so when the incoming DoS happened they looked at the
rest of my outgoing traffic and saw IRC traffic. That caused them to
take the server offline.
I'm going to adjust my Tor exit policy from default-open to
default-closed and only allow certain ports (at least 80 and 443,
perhaps others). I am disappointed to have to do this, but I can't
afford to have my account canceled by my ISP.
Has anybody else run into this sort of situation?
Greg Hewgill

@_date: 2006-02-01 22:23:32
@_author: Greg Hewgill 
@_subject: for those not allowing exiting - reasonably safe ports 
Allowing an IRC exit node just about got me shut down by my hosting
provider. IRC is a popular avenue for abuse and will invite serious DoS
attacks against your tor node.
Greg Hewgill
