
@_date: 2005-12-04 19:31:01
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: TorDNS local DNS server for Tor windows users 
there seems to be a problem with this program under windows 2000, the
dns server definition fields do not permit the use of 127.* addresses. i
am going to look into ways of bypassing this nonsense (the registry
editor, or possibly some program like freecap)
On Sun, 04 Dec 2005 17:54:46 -0500, "Wilson"

@_date: 2005-12-04 22:05:26
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: TorDNS local DNS server for Tor windows users 
i was unable to bypass this, and when i finally found the settings data
in the registry, wouldn't you know it, it's a big long binary data
field, with no markers you can easily manipulate (i didn't try very hard
but i figured if i'd put the right numbers into the dns field that i
knew their hex representation that i'd probably be able to possibly
trick it to let me use localhost as dns)
On Sun, 04 Dec 2005 19:31:01 -0800, "Glymr Darkmoon"
 said:

@_date: 2005-12-17 19:38:23
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: circuit recovery 
hey, i use irc a lot via tor, and one of the things which has been
bugging me endlessly is when circuits die
is there some reason why, unless exit nodes die, that a new circuit
ending in the same exit could not resume the same connection stream?
having persistent connections able to switch paths while still connected
would be immensely useful

@_date: 2005-12-18 00:03:12
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: [rishab@dxm.org: Re: [silk] inside the Great FireWall...] 
i don't know which version of tor is on torpark but i know the alpha
version, the current and the previous to current ones would sometimes
take several minutes building the circuits... this might be where the
problem comes from perhaps? i wonder how long it will take for the
chinese government to figure out that there is now yet another way to
bypass their great firewall.
On Sun, 18 Dec 2005 01:35:02 -0600, "Arrakistor"

@_date: 2005-12-18 00:11:10
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: circuit recovery 
i was aware of the 'long lived nodes' thing for persistent
connections... perhaps rating this on a longer timeline would be
helpful, an uptime average rather than current age - or have i misread
the spec in this regard?
i'm not quite sure i understand the thing of the circuit queues thing
you talk about in that faq entry - a 2/3rd improvement in connection
stability on irc would be very welcome in any case... i am speaking as a
user, and not as a developer, but i was under the impression relaying
did not have any process on the server side apart from listen and pass
forward... and thus the circuits built for connections to these long
lived connection types - perhaps they could be constructed beforehand in
such a way that they can be migrated periodically, and perhaps as a
further measure, if a more stable but less anonymous proxy node were
available, there could be some way to have the entire circuit shift,
since the endpoint proxy relay is almost guaranteed to be stable.
just putting in some thoughts, my primary usage of tor is for irc, so
this area is of much interest to me.
On Sun, 18 Dec 2005 01:11:40 -0500, "Roger Dingledine"

@_date: 2005-12-18 23:12:48
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: [rishab@dxm.org: Re: [silk] inside the Great FireWall...] 
i think the answer is, don't distribute the top tier addresses at all.
distribute a collection of randomised node ip's amongst a very large
number of widely distributed nodes, not even tor nodes, to avoid the
port blocking problem, get people to run a small webserver application
for this, which fetches a random set of nodes from the network via a a
tor client/server running on the same system. a lot of these nodes will
be running on dynamic ip's which will make the process of blocking them
harder still.
idk, just throwing in some more ideas. it's pretty obvious that tor
needs to get just that little bit more distributed and less centralised
somehow. the use of dynamic ip addresses, and directory services which
only dispense a small amount of the directory from a web server port.
probably the model which gnutella 2 runs on is a good way to do it... in
the end, it may well be neccessary for clients to actually do port scans
of random ip addresses to find connected nodes and once one is found the
joining of the network is not gonna be slow. and hiding it all in a
common port might be a very good idea, for example, 53, or 21 or 22 or
25 or 80 or 443. once a client joins the network it can cache all the
nodes it gets for circuits. decentralising the database by making it so
nodes only know their neigbours would also be a good thing, requesting
circuits would just be a matter of propagating a request for a circuit
to an internet zone, and it propagates outwards until it hits the zone
and back comes the circuit.
On Sun, 18 Dec 2005 10:15:19 -0600, "Arrakistor"

@_date: 2005-12-05 22:09:05
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: TorDNS local DNS server for Tor windows users 
yes, it most definitely should not accept external connections
good job wilson... the simplest solution to the issue of dynamic ip's is to have a dynamic
dns service, i think, not certain, but i am pretty sure its possible to
tell it to use a named address (?) damn what a nasty piece of crap this
windows thing is.
On Mon, 05 Dec 2005 20:29:39 -0500, "Wilson"

@_date: 2005-12-24 15:20:25
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: P2P wanted? 
the most likely mechanism i've heard proposed for agoric load balancing
is the use of 'hashcash' which is asymmetrically expensive, it costs the
sender more than the receiver, to be sure, not a huge amount, but it's a
way to allow users originating traffic from a server node to be
prioritised by the network at the cost of computation. exactly how to
implement it in tor has yet to be defined, but it seemed to me like a
damn good solution to the problem.
On Fri, 23 Dec 2005 22:37:33 -0500, "Roger Dingledine"

@_date: 2005-12-06 19:59:16
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: TorDNS local DNS server for Tor windows users 
does anyone know of a program for windows which redirects specific
addresse to wherever you want them to redirect. i am more accustomed to
using linux and it... for one thing... does not have such a stupid
restriction, but even if it did, i could always program iptables to do
it. i run zonealarm, perhaps it can be told to bounce requests
On Tue, 06 Dec 2005 07:22:25 -0500, "Wilson"

@_date: 2005-12-12 03:49:37
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: Whitedust article 
i have something to say about the subject, two words:
Magna Carta
On Mon, 12 Dec 2005 04:07:46 -0500, "Void Beast"
 said:

@_date: 2005-12-13 22:01:13
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: We're sorry... 
yeah i've got those once or twice.
sad isn't it, the depths to which the skiddies will sink
On Tue, 13 Dec 2005 19:53:16 -0800, "Izzy"  said:

@_date: 2005-11-23 14:31:44
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: ATTN: for-profit Tor operators 
i have a better idea
what about a non-profit organisation?
how exactly would you guarantee anonymity if people have to pay. paying
on the internet mostly means giving away your identity.
if it were not a subscription service, donations could not be implied as
collusion, the receivers of the donations could not be sure whether the
donations were purely philanthropic or not.
the whole point of tor is that you cast your lot in with a larger group
of people and isolating one from the other becomes harder and harder the
more there is.
money is definitely needed to fund the nodes, my estimate is that a
basic minimum 20kb/s node would cost around us$800 a year to run. but in
the us of course this cost is lower due to the rather absurdly low
(compared to the rest of the world) cost of bandwidth.
i feel it would be more useful to talk to the EFF about setting up a
fund specifically for running tor nodes, and through this fund server
operators can be reimbursed for their expenses given their compliance
with a set of minimums (like you suggest, 10mbit connections) or perhaps
a sliding scale. this would encourage server operators to participate in
the fund raising system. a simple example of raising funds would be such
things as selling t-shirts (every open source project does this, why not
tor), and other value-added things, even just a donation system to help
fund a router in your country or a specified country.
the architecture and goals of tor do not truck with mercantile
principles. we do need more servers, and isolating a new network from
the old network in actual fact greatly diminishes the benefit of the new

@_date: 2005-11-23 15:22:28
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: ATTN: for-profit Tor operators 
i should also point out that altering the tor software to ALWAYS be set
up as a relay node would solve the problem of provision of the network.
An exception should be possible for those on dialup connections, since
their available bandwidth is miniscule. perhaps the easy way to do this
is if you disable the relay function of tor it cuts the bandwidth down
to dialup speed. this would then mean that true dialup users would not
be inconvenienced by this, but those wishing to free ride on the tor
network would be, and those who can free ride can help.
since most users are lazy, making it relay by default would dramatically
increase the size of the network.

@_date: 2005-11-23 15:32:40
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: ATTN: for-profit Tor operators 
a scheme similar to what is used on edonkey could be used, a ratio
scheme. the amount of bandwidth provisioned by default could be
calibrated to be a fixed ratio to originating traffic. or even better,
to an equal ratio. the client side would log the bandwidth usage, and
the server side would then subtract the provisioned relay traffic from
the used originating traffic. and vice versa.
On Wed, 23 Nov 2005 15:22:28 -0800, "Glymr Darkmoon"
 said:

@_date: 2005-11-24 16:23:39
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: Let's pay our dues! 
so, like, where can we do this? what are the targets and an estimate of
a per-user donation which would satisfy comfortably the minimum costs,
and lastly, could that fund base be expanded to incorporate someone who
is, at least part time, fielding potential donors? I expect that as the
visibility grows there will be a recognition of corporations of the
utility of tor as a tool in securing their vital, strategically
important comms channels. And law enforcement using it to find bad people without being readily
identified and thus evaded, etc etc. There is, as the tor website points
out, a lot of groups whose interests would be benefited by tor, and only
those who are benefiting from the lack of simple to configure and
operate systems of anonymisation would object to this. Unfortunately one
of these groups is part of the secret intelligence services, but let's
be real about this. Tor is HARD to weaken, not invulnerable. As these kinds of groups mostly
have quite ample access to significant amounts of distributed network
monitoring sites, tracing traffic via these nodes, compromising nodes to
give better resolution of analytical data, etc etc. Those groups are
sufficiently well equipped that they can already perform useful
The idiocy of transparently tappable networks will soon enough be
revealed. Perhaps a clandestine operation of a hostile group in a
country, funded by another country, or something like that, will be
stumbled upon by some random network security nutter or something, and
then a flood of sensitive top secret data is quickly and widely
distributed onto the internet and the government groups  whose
management is tech-ignorant will be forced, by masive public scandal, to
recognise that anonymity on the internet is not just desirable, but
critical to the defeat of data gathering attacks between countries,
corporations, consortiums, you name it.
Or perhaps we will see the obviously stone age thinking conservative
government of a few allied wealthy nations will act to fully illegalise
secure encryption and hardened anonymising systems, in the name of 'the
war on terror', and three weeks later the entire government computer
network is compromised and vast quantities of sensitive data is
extracted, because their philosophy is about 'catching the bad guys'
rather than 'making it harder to be a bad guy'.
in any case, i want to donate money right now. this dropping of EFF
funding is ominous and suggests that tor is going to be legally
untenable in the USA soon, according to the lawyer's analysis of the
soon to be instituted laws. This means two things, one, the development
should be multinational if at all possible, and provisioned wherever it
is still legal. of course, if this movement away from reason and logic
becomes entirely global, the signs are not good, but i for one would be
happy to contribute enough to pay a coder for 3 days solid work, and i'd
say there's many others with this, and if a couple of corporate
sponsorships could be found (but of course, tor must remain impartial
and open, that's in the license...) that would be good too. or some
wealthy privacy fanatic or two. maybe the money is already here amongst
tor server operators, but didn't offer because the idea hadn't been
anyways, may tor grow and evolve and prove its need to the undecided and
pessimistic. and lots of excellent minds grow it's architecture and
On Thu, 24 Nov 2005 13:05:59 -0600, clifnor at warpmail.net said:

@_date: 2006-04-28 21:49:38
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Is three hops enough? (was Re: Tor client over a SOCKS proxy, 
Hash: RIPEMD160
this is incorrect, the entry node, middleman node and exit node are
separate from the client. if one is running a tor server the entry
node is indeed the same node but remember a tor server is shuffling
every other packet from other circuits mixed in with yours, and thus
it seems logical that it would improve anonymity
a compromised node attack, on average, has to compromise 1/3 of the
entire tor network to get somewhere approaching good odds of being
able to identify the endpoints of circuits. possibly 2/3, but i'd say
1/3 of nodes being compromised would give usable violation of the
system... as you may know, there is something like 300-400 servers in
the tor network now, to compromise it they'd have to put up like
150-200 new compromised nodes, or hack and compromise 100-150, either
task is not trivial at all.

@_date: 2006-04-28 22:11:41
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Is three hops enough? (was Re: Tor client over a SOCKS proxy, 
Hash: RIPEMD160
i think that it would be useful if someone would make a peerguardian
list of possibly suspect nodes so people could run them with tor to
help defend against this problem

@_date: 2006-04-28 23:27:15
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Is three hops enough? (was Re: Tor client over a SOCKS proxy, 
Hash: RIPEMD160
yep that's the way it works as far as i understand it
yes, in fact more hops means almost nothing relative to the number of
compromised nodes. remember, the proportion of compromised nodes is
the pool the client picks its hops from, and thus given a random
distribution, the amount of compromise risk reduction accelerates
quickly to nothing with extra hops, and increases latency
unacceptably. The only way to defend against compromised nodes getting
two hops in your circuits would be to implement some kind of system to
register suspect nodes and instruct the client not to use them.

@_date: 2006-04-29 02:17:41
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Is three hops enough? (was Re: Tor client over a SOCKS proxy, 
Hash: RIPEMD160
what you are missing is that more hops results in a hell of a lot of
cover traffic, but does nothing about compromised nodes. killing
responsiveness with so many hops defeats the point of tor tho, since
its main purpose is for low and medium latency applications.

@_date: 2006-04-29 04:20:22
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Is three hops enough? (was Re: Tor client over a SOCKS proxy, 
Hash: RIPEMD160
i did some thinking and i figured out that with any number of hops,
one can compromise the data in the stream if one has alternating nodes
because each node can work out whether it is sending to the same node
as another is receiving, and knowing this information would enable
cryptanalysis, or at least would make timing analysis simple. it
certainly would increase the ability to determine a set of connections
to various sites and collate them together as an anonymous but
profiled user.
i think that the best way to increase robustness against timing
attacks is to create random delays or jumble up the order of streams
in a way that adds noise to the timing data gathered. this would
enable a relatively decent latency on average while increasing the
amount of observation required to get a positive correlation. to some
degree tor already has this problem/feature by being run near to
capacity most of the time anyway.

@_date: 2006-04-29 04:59:37
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Is three hops enough? (was Re: Tor client over a SOCKS proxy, 
Hash: RIPEMD160
in the end the only way to give a major boost to the anonymity of tor
is to find some way to get more people running servers, and it is my
opinion that the way to do this is to make clients run a low bandwidth
link which is used to serve low bandwidth low latency streams. this
would increase the anonymity of users by mixing their streams up with
other users, which would have a damaging effect on the ability to do
timing attacks because of the mixing and the uniformity of packets
between servers and servers, and clients and servers. This will not be
practical without some kind of latency classification in the system,
because by and large streams are either high latency high bandwidth or
low latency low bandwidth (connectionless versus interactive streams).
the side effect is that it would probably help further reduce latency
for interactive users and increase anonymity for all clients.
i believe it says in the faq that running a server on a machine used
mainly for running a client helps anonymity because the node
participates in unrelated traffic to the user's traffic. i have been
complaining for quite some time about the arbitrary 20kb/s bottom end
of server bandwidth limiting - the reason being that only connections
with 256kbps upstream or better can do this, and mind you, are being
quite heavily loaded, and connections with 56, 64 and 128kbps upstream
links are excluded from participating unless a secondary program is
used to force the traffic of the server to below 50% of the upstream.
this is a very small modification with very big implications - it
could mean that when installing, the user could be queried about their
upstream bandwidth (or indeed there may be some way to directly
determine this without user interaction) and have half of it assigned
to server traffic as a top-end limit. it is not at all unreasonable to
ask that people using the network give something back, especially when
doing so will increase their anonymity.

@_date: 2006-04-29 13:27:38
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Firefox through Tor 
Hash: RIPEMD160
what about changing the proxy program so it always runs through
privoxy, and having foxyproxy switch the upstream proxy to none or
tor. this solves the problem of identifiable information from the
beginning because it strips most of the identifiable stuff. you don't
even see those evil spy-cookie producing ads with privoxy. if there is
any simple way to make it possible to quickly switch privoxy to and
from tor that would strengthen the anonymity a lot.

@_date: 2006-04-16 11:17:12
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Cover Traffic 
Hash: RIPEMD160
i think it could probably help counter traffic analysis quite a bit if
say one out of ten packets is sent out of order, and would only
marginally increase latency and would not affect bandwidth at all.
some study would need to be done to determine exactly what proportion
of disordering of the scheduler is required to make timing attacks
less effective, or preferably if possible, near to impossible to perform.

@_date: 2006-02-01 20:24:31
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: for those not allowing exiting - reasonably safe ports 
probably one should add 6667 and 6601 and 994 for irc, irc also does not
do file transfers on these ports... 706 for silc as well
On Wed, 01 Feb 2006 19:51:00 -0600, "Daniel"

@_date: 2006-02-01 22:35:08
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: for those not allowing exiting - reasonably safe ports 
hm weird, i've only got those ports open on mine, but i have
rate-limited it to half my outbound traffic speed (which is 64kbit), so
i dunno. i think 3kb/s doesn't allow much in the way dos attacking
anyway. haven't had a problem yet.
On Wed, 1 Feb 2006 22:23:32 -0800, "Greg Hewgill"

@_date: 2006-02-20 19:52:43
@_author: glymr darkmoon 
@_subject: Exit node blocking site? 
just got back home, sitting here looking at these emails about this and
i thought i should say that i've run a server for a little while on a
machine with peerguardian. at the time i was using tor intermittently
for browsing and found myself getting 'could not contact server' way
more often than i ever did from just the bugs in the tor network... and
i think you are right, it would cause some serious problems... cos right
there sitting at the machine i was getting network timeouts, i imagine
if anyone had been trying to exit from my node they would have been very
frustrated. but on the other hand, i'd only permitted irc and silc
traffic to exit so probably didn't cause a big problem... but for some
reason ev1's entire ip range is blocked by the 'spyware/spam' blocking
system on peer guardian i believe there is a number of irc nodes on ev1
(everyone's internet, as it's known)
there's probably not much that can be done to stop people doing it i
guess, but perhaps it should be mentioned prominently somewhere on the
tor setup docs a mention of the problems that ip blacklists on a server
machine or at the edge of the intranet it's on. i wouldn't be surprised
if more than a few tor nodes are on ip's in a blacklisted range too,
which would cause problems with setting up circuits too.

@_date: 2006-02-02 00:45:33
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: for those not allowing exiting - reasonably safe ports 
allowing irc traffic to come out of a tor node is part of the standard
exit policy anyway, the thing is only long-lived servers actually run
circuits. in any case, it can be argued that one cannot blame the medium
for the message, trolls use all sorts of methods to be trollish on irc
anyway. if someone tried to accuse you of being complicit you can say
that you are no more complicit than any isp or network connection
provider for creating an environment where this *can* happen. routing is
a weak form of protection against misbehavior of users anyway. there is
much more effective ways to mitigate this kind of behavior.
i personally rarely encounter it because i'm never on any of the big irc
networks, just a little one that rarely has more than about 30 people
online at once.
On Thu, 2 Feb 2006 09:06:00 +0000, "Eugen Leitl"  said:

@_date: 2006-02-02 01:01:25
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: an idea about how to improve routing for interactive services 
ah these are good things to hear, definitely progress in the right
i actually am running peerguardian on my system, i hadn't really thought
about the implications of this on a tor node, but then again, when i
think about it a bit further, that might explain why i haven't had near
the degree of traffic that i expected to have, a lot of the ip ranges it
blocks are to popular sites, but it doesn't block any of the known irc
server ips :)
i don't really mean it as a form of 'censorship' but my main point is to
create two classes of circuit, interactive low bandwidth and bursty high
bandwidth. These are the two main types of traffic transported on tor
and just as occurs on any connection, the better you can separate these
two types the better the performance on the former. It would not
constitute a security weakness or censorship to be able to selectively
transport one or the other type of traffic, but the benefits to users on
interactive connections would be immense.
i guess it's all in progress, the development, but i think that
ultimately it would be best to focus on the interactive/bulk dichotomy
in traffic classes, and create a circuit migration system for
interactive circuits, possibly even a different circuit architecture
where packets are split between two paths in a random pattern, keeping
grouped blocks together on one path so there is no out of order
receiving going on - this might be possible by doing the switches during
times when an application has a significant gap between. extending the
circuits will increase latency but circuit migration would not. it's a
shame that tcp connections are routing bound or this wouldn't be a
problem, one could switch exit nodes as well then.
speaking of which, i have some money in an egold account which i would
love to send to you guys :) is there any way for me to do this?

@_date: 2006-02-02 07:33:31
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: General anonimity/privacy question when using TOR 
this thing just makes me think about how much extra anonymity one
acquires by running a server as well as using it as a client. especially
so for persistent connections like irc, where multiple other users
connections muddle up the certainty about who is originating what. it
also occurred to me a little while ago that running a server also means
you can get away with now and then connecting without the proxy and
again it still gets lost in the multiple other similar connections that
the server originates.
On Thu, 2 Feb 2006 09:01:03 -0500, force44 at Safe-mail.net said:

@_date: 2006-02-02 17:53:49
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: General anonimity/privacy question when using TOR 
the problem is that the servers would have to be relatively widely
geographically distributed, and the cost of running them, compared to
the value of the data of the, at present, probably less than 20k users
on tor, is not practical. i think perhaps you are not aware of the base
asking salary of network espionage operators, nor the cost of running
servers. sure, many governments DO waste inordinate amounts of money on
various half-baked ways of catching bad guys, but a simple, current
example, the us government recently spent $15bn on a system to catch bad
guys travelling on planes, and caught a whole 1000 of them, none of them
actually terrorists. 15 mill per catch...
On Thu, 2 Feb 2006 10:44:39 -0600, "patgus"

@_date: 2006-02-03 16:44:45
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: Prioritizing from source ip? 
it would definitely break many circuits, i don't know what tor does if
it is unable to route one step forward or back from a node
On Fri, 3 Feb 2006 15:00:56 -0500, "Geoffrey Goodell"
 said:

@_date: 2006-02-05 03:10:23
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: TOS flags 
i have been experimenting with TOS mangling with iptables, and setting
the packets for port 9050 and 9030 to be set as 'minimize delay', and it
does indeed seem to improve latency with tor.
it made me think that it would make sense to set this flag by default in
tor. low latency, is the goal of tor, high throughput is not. therefore,
for systems that have tcp/ip stacks which read TOS flags, which is to
say, most modern systems now, will prioritise tor traffic at the top of
the scheduler's list, thus eliminating one of the biggest problems with

@_date: 2006-02-06 17:28:36
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: e-gold donations for Tor 
cool :) unfortunately i went and shoossed my money into something else
for the moment but i will be donating soon (doing some investment :)
On Mon, 6 Feb 2006 08:07:49 -0500, "Roger Dingledine"

@_date: 2006-01-12 22:39:11
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: migrating exit.pl from serifos:8000 to serifos:80 
could you not simply create a redirector that pushes stuff from 8000 onto 80... oh, i may me remembering incorrectly, but can't apache be told to listen on more than one port anyway? idk, sorry if i'm talking out my ass.

@_date: 2006-01-12 22:54:00
@_author: Glymr Darkmoon 
@_subject: migrating exit.pl from serifos:8000 to serifos:80 
ah, pardon my stupidity :/ yes of course, port 8000 being the port for shoutcast of course, for one example

@_date: 2006-01-18 00:05:00
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: You think you can hide your ip? 
using a router box with iptables does the trick i believe

@_date: 2006-01-23 12:36:53
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: an idea about how to improve routing for interactive services 
I've been running a tor server on and off for some time, I just recently got a dsl connection again, only a measly 256/64 connection, and one of my main uses for tor has always been instant messaging.
One of the most annoying things about tor, as it is presently run, for instant messaging purposes, is getting circuits which die frequently. I have an idea about how this problem could be solved, and I feel that this idea should be promoted at tor.eff.org - of specialised interactive traffic only nodes. This could be integrated into the configuration system in fact. The rules for how to define what one should set a node to do are as follows:
    1. If a node is run which is frequently offline, but with high
    bandwidth, this is suited to short-lived traffic, such as downloads
    of files (p2p, web browsing).
    2. If a node has low bandwidth, and can be kept online for long
    periods of time, this is the ideal situation for low-volume
    interactive traffic.
These rules could be used to weight classes of ports, a node could keep a history of its uptime, and report its average uptime value accumulated over time to the directory. This would help for choosing interactive traffic routes, the longer the average uptime, the greater the chance of it being picked on interactive circuits.
A cumulative history of average bandwidth usage would be added to this, and through the combination of these two, routers could create a pair of different classes of circuits, long lived circuits and short lived circuits, and one could overlay this and create another two classes of circuit, short-lived, low bandwidth circuits and long-lived high-bandwidth circuits. This second set of classes is probably not so Tor could automatically select it's preference for the different traffic classes according to these values. At this point, without an automated system to do this, it can be done by users (as I am doing) - by using a rate-limiting system (netlimiter) and allowing only a small set of interactive traffic types through (in my case, irc and silc) - since tor precludes the use of file transfers on these two protocols, I set the rate limiting between 2 and 4kb/s depending on whether I am downloading more or chatting more.
However, I think it would be a worthwhile addition to the system by which Tor does its routing to use these rules in both the production of an uptime and bandwidth average, which is used by clients to select a pair of different circuit classes, interactive and high volume. High volume traffic usually is short lived, and interactive traffic is usually long lived. By specialising the circuits according to these rules one would find that interactivity is better promoted, and separated from volume.

@_date: 2006-01-23 14:47:44
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: an idea about how to improve routing for interactive services 
yes, that's not a good assumption to make however. average uptime is a more useful metric, when a system has been up for a long time it may be just about to go down. also, for irc users, a connection which can stay up for 8 hours or more is regarded as quite adequate by most.
what i mean is, different ports, for different protocols, have different traffic characteristics. irc, silc, msn, aim/icq, jabber etc, these are all long lived and mostly low bandwidth connections, whereas web browsing is short lived and bursty. they should be treated differently.
regarding the shaper, yes, i'm shaping the bandwidth that comes out of my tor server so that it limits it, but because i have specified that it only allows exit with irc and silc, to a large degree that will reduce the amount of bursty high bandwidth connections it creates, once my node is up for the 'long uptime' period (i'm still nutting out some problems with a new installation, but i'm hoping i'll have over 24 hours uptime but unfortunately there is nothing yet in the protocol to stop my node being a part of a bursty, short-lived high-bandwidth circuit. being able to control this would be very useful. and that's what i'm talking about, having two classes of traffic in tor, so that nodes that have good uptime but low bandwidth can contribute to improving the interactive connection experience with tor.
I think that what i have described is the, at this point at least, best answer to the problem of improving long lived interactive connections.
One other point that might be worth mentioning is that these long lived connections would probably benefit, due to their long life and low ping, from having 4 or 5 hops instead of 3 to help reduce the traffic analysis problem, since it would be very easy to have a lot more people running these low capacity high uptime nodes, the extra traffic is insignificant.
Oh, and because these connections are very low bandwidth, it could be incorporated into the client to automatically relay traffic from known low bandwidth ports, if the client finds itself with a high uptime average.
Think about how important persistence is with interactive connections. SSH is a classic example... what happens if you are in the middle of some irritaingly long process and suddenly your connection pings out? I think that there should be a priority made in the tor architecture to promote this kind of use of tor because it's probably the most delicate, security wise. Consider the benefits for activists being able to use instant messaging without being monitored, for organising and such.

@_date: 2006-01-23 20:35:22
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: an idea about how to improve routing for interactive services 
yes, windows network system is seriously crappy at scheduling. i'm using winxp but i've got netlimiter installed for ratelimiting.

@_date: 2006-06-16 20:33:44
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Any Windows SMTP servers that can work with Socks/TOR? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
you can use a plugin for thunderbird which operates with webmail (i
think it's called 'webmail') for sending and receiving (altho i had some
problems with hotmail for this), and set thunderbird to use tor as a
proxy. i think that is an acceptable work-around for the terrible
problems of doing your own email, and it bypasses the problem you'll
have not thought of about tor that is that you can't send anything in or
out on the smtp port with tor.

@_date: 2006-06-16 21:42:01
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Any Windows SMTP servers that can work with Socks/TOR? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
well, the problem of not being able to anonymise it without doing
umpteen crypting things and using those anon remailers etc (the email
equivalent of tor). using tor and webmail is much simpler, and the
webmail plugin lets you use it transparently in thunderbird.

@_date: 2006-06-17 23:33:18
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Any Windows SMTP servers that can work with Socks/TOR? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
i really don't understand how you are getting traffic on port 25 to
transport via tor, it's disallowed by default. if you are talking about
using a webmail service to send your mail via the webmail plugin via tor
then that has nothing to do with it of course.

@_date: 2006-05-14 15:01:16
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Hash: RIPEMD160
yeah, i think if i were you, i'd sell all of the hardware they had
their hands on for that time asap and get new hardware. there's way
too many routes that could be used to compromise the server once it's
been in the hands of untrusted people. A fresh installation of the
server is absolutely essential in any case because they almost
certainly nabbed the secret keys of the server and would be able to
use this to decrypt your traffic - they wouldn't even have to mess
with your hardware to achieve this, i'm sure they could get a judge to
approve a wiretap at the isp for your server on the basis that it has
been a conduit for criminal activity.

@_date: 2006-05-15 07:45:01
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Hash: RIPEMD160
just wanted to suggest that biometrics are not wise for encryption
whatsoever. for one thing, they use a software mechanism to 'unlock'
and this lock can be bypassed. voiceprint, retina/iris scan,
fingerprints, dna, all of these things do not constitute a proper
password or lock for any data, for one thing you can't change them,
for a second thing, none of them generate a data stream which can be
used as a passphrase, it all goes through an identification process
and that only generates a yes/no answer. the usb key and the microwave
are the best way to go. a smart card would probably be just as good,
but not so cheap to implement.

@_date: 2006-05-15 07:51:36
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Hash: RIPEMD160
and it should be pointed out that microsoft has already been roasted
publicly for putting a government key into some version of windows, i
can't remember which, they've done it once, i doubt they'd dare to do
it again though because people know they did it and would be looking
for evidence of it now.

@_date: 2006-05-15 14:11:15
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Hash: RIPEMD160
I personally have stopped trying to use tor because latency has gone far
beyond my patience. Something needs to be done about tor's bandwidth
capability. Of course more bandwidth will mean more users... and I have
said this before and I will say it again - Tor needs to run a minimal
server capability by default, even a 2kb/s, and no more of this
middleman only business, the more people doing it, the less isolated
those who get targeted become, and the greater the pool of possible
I think it's a classic example of an opportunity for 'free riders' that
tor not being a pure p2p application that there is this bandwidth
problem, and this also makes those who have the intestinal fortitude to
run servers, especially exit nodes, have a much greater risk of getting
caught up in a legal problem. IMHO, the concept of middlemen nodes and
client-only connections needs to be done away with because it decreases
the 'lost in the crowd' solidarity that really SHOULD be a part of the
tor philosophy, I think there is a little too much pandering to the
lowest common denominator.
If those bad guys, eg terrorists and child pornographers, were not able
to use the tor network for risk of being caught in a legal problem
originating from an entirely different bad guy that would be better for
everyone. This would be simple to implement too, as a peer verification.
Before a node would accept traffic from another node, it would look up
the node's ip address in the directory, if it didn't find it, it would
refuse to carry traffic for it, and as a second test, it would attempt
to push a test packet through the node in a double-back loop (onion
route via a second known good node back to itself)... And to add more to
this, a peer-bandwidth reporting system, where nodes measure the traffic
they send through each different node, and report this back to the
servers (as opposed to self-reporting) and this would further make the
process of using tor without exposing yourself to some other bad guy's
Now I know that this would probably rattle a lot of people but we must
be serious about this. If you really care about your legal safety and
the anonymity of the network, you should be contributing, even if only
enough to permit half of a 56k dialup connection (ie 1-2kb/s) to relay
traffic. The random hop length is also a very good idea, I don't think
that random delays are neccessary, this is naturally introduced by
random hop lengths. Having the nodes construct a big number of circuit
paths would be good too, every http object request, for example, could
be sent out on a different circuit which may or may not be a different
length, it would certainly make the global adversary much more work to
try and track the endpoints. Another side point is that this reinforces
the value of such detachable persisting stream protocols as silc, which
allow the user to close the stream and reestablish it transparently.
my 2c

@_date: 2006-05-15 20:40:09
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: cryptsetup_luks 
Hash: RIPEMD160
oh, i should explain what the point of it is - at the beginning of the
partition it has space to store a number of keys, 256 bit i believe they
are, each one is the same key but secured with a different passphrase

@_date: 2006-05-15 21:14:34
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: data remanence 
Hash: RIPEMD160
the only thing you'd have to be sure about is that the livecd used an
encrypted swap

@_date: 2006-05-15 23:39:48
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France + 
Hash: RIPEMD160
the users, running Tor in Client only mode.
maybe i am misinformed, but i was under the impression that middleman
mode only stops the circuit from ending at the node, all other 'exit'
nodes also carry middleman traffic
middleman server, not everyone can find, nor afford an ISP willing to
allow them to run an EXIt server.
"middleman" is no problem.
yes but you completely missed my point, more exit nodes means less
chance that any one node is picked on by the law.
what am i paying my isp for if it's not bandwidth? i don't see your point
stop trying to make them "Do-It-All".
to "middleman" traffic, and get in as many middlemen as possible, then
that might speed the whole Tor system up.
segregating exit and middlemen nodes more distinctly - how is this
going to help... do you want to stand at the top of the tower with
only 100 other people or would you prefer there was 300 with you? I
think you could look to a simple natural phenomenon to give an example
of why we, the small people, need to see this as a 'all for one, one
for all' - herds of grazing animals. Sure, there may be some at the
edges who will get eaten by the lions more, but the size of the
group... what happens if a lion foolishly gets himself into a pocket
at the edge and then finds himself surrounded by a sea of horns?
run in server mode, but thats why we have Tor!
it is not a 'free service' at all, it is a group of people all
agreeing to do something for each other. your idea about segregating
makes it more dangerous for the end points than my idea of making all
nodes endpoints. the worse the ratio between exit nodes and client
only users gets, the more chance there is of exit nodes coming under fire.
for different classes of Tor user/service provider!
what if the software does not permit this? i think perhaps you are not
aware of how common it is for people to just install things and not
think about going into the source and modifying it. the sort of people
who would do this are the sort of people we DON'T want using tor, and
this should be something that should be incorporated into the default
configuration. Making it so all nodes are carrying traffic via the
verification mechanisms i described would help eliminate both free
riders and those wishing to exploit. Just like my metaphor of the herd
making pockets and luring the lions in, they can't win if they are
surrounded on all sides by the less powerful but organised and hostile
adversary. Lets face it, if you think tor is a good idea you are
hostile to something. And you are not powerful. It is only through
solidarity that tor even has a hope of surviving, let alone providing
a decent service to its members.
nodes. to protect itself Torland should put a site uo tp create this
block list and Tor EXIt servers use it if they wish.
tio theuir region.
"obtain" pages/images/etc from URL/IP on these list according ot the
confugration they set. This protects them from that.
groups could double check to stop speech "censorship". well, the problem here is that what you are suggesting is essentially
saying that you should permit some level of censorship. you are
talking about a slippery slope here. There is nothing stopping any tor
user from running software such as peerguardian with a custom
blocklist. This should not be encouraged, however it should not be
prohibited. what you are talking about doing is adding a blacklisting
system to tor. Do you want to put the freedom to choose at risk? Who
can you trust to implement such a blacklist? Surely it would make more
sense, to, for example in the case of our french friend who has been
frisked by the police, for THEM to implement a blacklist, in
co-operation with those police, not only to show that we are on their
side, but to make it clear that the server operator is not interested
in being complicit. This would be a good thing to encourage server
operators to do. The better we can make our group's relations to law
enforcement, the more likely a) that they won't help push for laws
outlawing the use of tor and the operating of servers, and b) that
they could be educated in the benefits of tor for law enforcement
terrorist is another mans freedom fighter.
Supporting (sympathising/empathising) by the written or spoken word the
actions of "terrorists" is enough!
be classified as supportive of terrorist activities. not long, I'll bet.
of today. The TV show "Big Brother" is a sign of the "confidence" they
feel in their ability, there they flaunt and "dry run" it right before
your very eyes. I think perhaps you are suffering from selective attention. In
parallel to this rise in totalitarianism there is also a rise in
libertarian and related 'isms'. Check out boingboing and slashdot
And you should also remember that a p2p anonymity system like tor
permits detectives to infiltrate hives of hate groups, pornographers,
and other groups for which there is a real need to be able to do this.
Tor may enable the bad guys to get away with stuff for a little while,
but any bad guy lazy enough to use tor for this purpose is not going
to be hard to pin down by other people also using tor.
middlemen servers for that.
what about a 2 or 3 tier quality of service provision?
This subject has already been covered and there is no practical way to
ensure that this system is not exploited by unscrupulous persons,
except perhaps via a system such as hashcash. The big ISP's are
talking up the idea of creating premiums for quality of service,
meaning they can be bought to give selective preference to websites
they like and grind other sites to a halt that they don't agree with.
If there is issues with congestion, then perhaps what is needed is not
to price the small people out, but to enable the small people to
contribute their small contributions. I don't think that tor should
become a 'for the rich only' for those who have got the resources to
run a big server. Tor should be a system of to each according to their
ability. I hate to sound all marxist here but if you didn't absorb the
import of the actions of such great historical figures as ghandi, who
proved that a large group of people with little power, in concert with
each other, can win against small groups with a lot of power. Besides
this, it is going against the intrinsic architecture of the internet
to exclude low bandwidth users from access at the level to which their
connection permits.If this were the default policy then what's the
value in a tiered system of access giving greater preference to server
operators - all users would be server operators. Ideally tor could, at
the user's request, upon installation query the user for how much
bandwidth they have available, and simply give preference *in the
server* to their own outgoing and returning traffic (and incoming in
the case of hidden services).
Class, ENTRY & Middleman servers get Second Class and Non-server Clients
ONLY get Third class.
what would help me is if i could run a server that only uses 3kb/s. I
am on a 256/64 connection which frequently ends up shaped to 64k
symmetric for half the month. I'd love to be able to put in what I
have, but it's not a trivial thing to set up selective bandwidth
limiting under linux, which has much greater responsiveness in its
tcp/ip stack than windows, for which shaping software is trivial to
set up. I'd rather to be able to specify 3kb/s on the server
configuration. This is a trivial change and I'm sure I'm not alone in
being a user who has only a limited bandwidth to offer, who needs to
be able to get usable latency while using tor and serving at the same
time. I'd be willing to bet at least 10% of clients are not running
servers simply because the architecture has an arbitrary bandwidth
limit which makes one's own use of the server impractical.
Also I should point out that even if you do shaping on your tor server
to bring its bandwidth usage down, the problem is then if you want to
use the same tor server to run your own traffic you are locked into
that shaping. Either way the pipe is clogged up and unusable for the
smaller bandwidth user.
Sure, I'd love to have 20kb/s symmetric to offer, but unfortunately on
standard ADSL version one, that would usually mean 2/3 of one's
outgoing is congested with tor server traffic which depletes overall
latency for the user themselves to such a degree it is unusable. If
you are lucky enough to have cable or adsl2+ or whatever, lucky you.
Don't go assuming that everyone else has. I think that tor would
benefit a lot from having a swarm of smaller bandwidth servers. It
would somewhat increase directory server traffic but if directory
mirroring were also turned on by default then that load would be shared.
timing differences are inserted - mainly predictable/repetitive tho')
but it does increase the complexity of an attack solution and so the
certainty of its successful computation.
Well, this is why I put forward the idea of having a number of
circuits running at the same time that alternately (or even randomly)
are selected for each new connection initiated. If one was browsing a
web page, and there is say 20 objects, and they are randomly
distributed through 5 different length circuits, the delays *are*
diffused stochastically to a degree without sacrificing latency to any
significant degree.
individual packets.
behind it. You can time them arriving and leaving each station (hode or
Roger has already talked about the question of random packet delays,
and the problem is that it affects latency much more than any
measurable benefit gained.
non-transient and so predictable. Thats the whole point of a "timing"
attack.  always opt out (or reduce you delays to only a little) of this "random
delay" if you want!    and with the random circuit lengths (no. of hops) I doubt anyone, even a
GLOBAL adversary, would stand a cat in hells chance of a successful attack.
1. happens now!
perfect defence against the "Global Adversary".
packets and reforming, particulary if separate (request) streams can be
mixed into the same packets. Then the Tor system would look more like a
"gunge" liquid flow from TOR node to TOR node, instead of "separated
stream packets". Just an idea! Sure the same principle of "onion"
encryption could be used but on top of this a node to node stream mixing
and a futher layer encryption to encapsulate the "flow".
You really should read the tor faq, it explains why all of these
things are not implemented.
has to move to a probablistic solution!
because sometimes they dont know for certain (as any global adversary
can today) where the packets went from one node to the next.
today. They want proof! nodes and h = the maximum no. of hops!
size. A significant solution only solvable on supercomputers.
for us, so come ion lets have MORE middlemen.
More middlemen only improves overall network capacity *in the middle*
the exit nodes carry just as much traffic as middlemen nodes. What you
are suggesting would increase congestion at the exit nodes. I think
possibly my own experience of excessive latency (oh and by the way,
when i first started using tor, latency was fine, and then, if I
installed fasterfox or similar pipelining tweaks, the network was
almost as low latency as without tor, this is definitely not the case
anymore) may be related to a lack of adequate growth in bandwidth
capacity of exit nodes. You can't make a pipe carry more by swelling
it in the centre, you will just end up with more turbulence in the
system. The pipe has to be of reasonably uniform width from one end to
the other.
Which is why I am saying, we need to have all installations of tor run
~2kb/s exit node servers by default, and have this as a hard coded
minimum setting, so that no person in the tor network is not
contributing to making the end of the pipe as fat as possible. And
this statistically decreases the chance of any single node coming
under attack from a legal entity. United we stand, divided we fall.
You are promoting more division, this is the road to hell.
This would be impossible to solve, even with teraflop/s supercomputers,
in as reasonable amount of time (years).
station at a time to the next station on the return journey right back
to the CLIENT 3 hops back from the "EXIT" station!
the ENTRY node data we can solve on a PII in under 5 minutes (& probably
under 5 seconds).
Assuming they have access to both ends. And if you'd read the tor FAQ
you'd know that tor DOES NOT defend against the well equipped global
adversary. It is not intended to. Hence this line of thought is
irrelevant. If you want an anonymising network which does defend
against this, there is a number of them. However, most of them are
impractical for web browsing.
I think a possible element of the problem may be in the RNG used by
tor to randomise circuit path selection. More entropy in circuit
generation would result in a more even distribution of circuits across
the network. The RNG will give the tor traffic a particular signature
which will decrease the natural entropy of the system and increase the
chances of correlating traffic in and out.
In lieu of a stronger randomness in the server's patterns, perhaps a
change in circuit selection could be made - when servers are not in
use, they flag this to the directories and the circuits will then
select these nodes in order to eliminate their 'empty' flag. This
would reduce the need for wasteful cover traffic, because the network
would agorically disperse traffic more widely. And one should also
note that sometimes this must be happening because of timezones and
the localisation of circuit exit points to the traffic. This sort of
load balancing system would naturally alter latency patterns and
reduce deadspots in server traffic patterns. All by itself doing this
would reduce the overall effectiveness of timing attacks because nodes
would be more evenly sending traffic, the network would breathe as one
rather than have hotspots and deadspots, both of which result in a
reduction of anonymity and an increase in latency.
than 3 hops from the EXIt node back to the Client.
will not divulge their network logs. But as I've already shown this is
really irrelevant against an adversary with the logs of the IN and OUT
have a "matter of fact" attitude about TOR EXIT nodes.
"Global Timing Solution" program and presto... we have the culprit!
Exactly. And is that a bad thing? The point being that the global
adversary is not in the tor design. The global adversary can do
exactly what you say. However, there is many more adversaries with
much smaller capabilities who are worth defending against. The global
adversary is only confounded by the low latency mix/onion systems such
as what you mention below. Do you have any idea how many 'little cops'
would call on such a 'global timing solution'? It's not going to
happen. The global adversary does not want to be known. The global
adversary does not include tinpot dictator's gestapo gangs, it does
not include marketing organisations, it does not include small
country's intelligence services, and knowing how partisan those people
tend to be, one would be inclined to think that the 'global adversary'
probably does not even exist anyway. Or that there is at least 2 of
them and they don't like each other and thus rule themselves out of
the global adversary category by their intrinsic nature.
like, have a go at I2P. Have you heard of the phrase "paint drying"?
and what you are suggesting will exactly cause tor to become that.
half the stated minimum.
anonymity as a whole.
some sort throughput estimation (perhaps this could be done with the
"Random Cover Traffic" - each node only has to attach its timings into
the packets to get a good picture of the current latencies of each node
in the circuit) by the client of the nodes and then choice of approriate
nodes in its circuit.

@_date: 2006-05-16 01:51:56
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Some simple changes to the tor architecture I believe may greatly 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hello people,
I've been following a number of recent threads with great interest and
in the process came up with a number of ideas for changes to the
architecture of tor which should be simple to implement and greatly
improve both performance and anonymity.
1. Lower the barrier of entry for server nodes by permitting servers to
go at any speed down to 1.5kb/s. The reason is that there probably is a
lot of tor users on adsl 1 and perhaps even dialup connections who would
be willing to contribute bandwidth. Anyone with less than 64kb/s
upstream will be negatively affected (most adsl 1 links only have a
maximum of 256kbit[32kb/s] upstream and 20kb/s is an unreasonable
minimum for such users)
2. Make all clients run a 1.5kb/s server as a minimum by default. The
more nodes the better the anonymity. Make this serving behavior
mandatory as a minimum contribution to the network for any person using
it (see below for an idea of how to eliminate any node not relaying
traffic below)
3. Make all nodes into exit nodes - the reason being that the tor
circuits are like pipes. At present the architecture makes tor a little
bit like a pipe with a big opening on the in side and constricted on the
out side. This increases pressure in a pipe bearing fluid, and I think
the same goes for the tor network. From a legal perspective more exit
nodes means a reduced likelihood of any one node being the primary exit
point of an unsavoury type (such as child porn) ending up on the most
gracious, at present small population, of exit nodes. Some have
suggested encouraging the increase of middleman nodes, this will not
help congestion and will further increase the capacity of the network
only in the middle and thus further increase the turbulence problem,
more than likely to a greater degree than the present asymmetric
configuration of the network.
4. Encourage tor users who get attention from law enforcement to
demonstrate to them that tor server operators, which, if my suggestion
is adopted for making all nodes exit nodes at a minimal bandwidth by
default, would greatly increase this exposure of law enforcement to a
greater number of individuals who could demonstrate our commitment to
abiding by the reasonable laws of a civil society, by setting up a means
of specifically reporting accesses to these ip addresses, the times, and
volumes of data, would show them that we are not interested in
protecting criminals. Exit nodes send unencrypted data. If the data were
logged and periodically sent to the local law enforcement they would
definitely be more likely to protect our interests. Further to this,
those who are unlucky enough to have such traffic exiting from their
server could take the opportunity to explain to the police that tor
could be used to enable them to have a greater ability to do undercover
work online, the ideal situation would be to make it clear to those
operators of online resources that tor server operators are not willing
to be in any way complicit in their crimes, which would thus also
discourage the clients of such despicable server operators from using
tor in the first place.
multiple vectors here: servers would pretty quickly find out that tor
operators are likely to become taps directly to these sites sending the
data onwards to law enforcement, and thus would put an anti-tor
blocklist on their firewall, users accessing such sites would thus be
unable to get at the site if they use tor, they would also find out that
the tor network is likely to tap their traffic as it exits to the site,
further making this difficult. The only defense they would have against
this is to switch their servers to hidden services only and that would
make their ip address appear on the directory server database and the
chances of them trying the 'if you can't beat them, join them' approach
is pretty low because the first thing they will encounter is this
hostility of tor users towards their activities, which should deter
them, and once a few are deterred from accepting connections from tor,
this would quickly percolate out to the users who would use tor and then
a negative feeling is generated between them and us and the chances that
they will turn around and try and get lost in the crowd would be pretty
low for various reasons.
5. Implement a peer-review type system of protecting against bogus and
modified tor servers. Servers (in my suggestion, everyone) can check to
ensure that any node they connect to actually transmits traffic. Any
node which does not transmit traffic can be assumed to be a modified
server intended to exploit the network in some way. The node could also
report this to the directory server, and an exploiting node would be
identifiable by the sheer mass of other nodes reporting its lack of
carriage. This will also ensure that no node is not a peer and thus
participating in the group solidarity defense against small organised
attackers. Think about it as a classic pincer attack in open field
warfare. Every node is ready, should a bogus node try to send traffic
through them, to turn on that node, refuse to send packets originating
from it, and furthermore, reporting the node to the directory as a
possible suspect node. Or perhaps the warning systems of social animals
would be a better metaphor :/
6. Load balancing - Instead of only using locality as a criteria for
node selection when generating a circuit, also include a flag that
servers can raise in their directory profile which indicates they are
underutilised (say, at or less than 10% of their bandwidth capacity
limit), and have servers select one of these nodes regardless of
locality in a circuit so every node is constantly trafficking packets.
This would serve two purposes - one, it would mean that the network
would more evenly disperse traffic, meaning less chances of a bottleneck
occuring, and two, when geographically distant nodes become idle, the
use of these less localised nodes introduces a further variance in
latency which helps somewhat against the global adversary. This also
reduces the likelihood of any one node repeatedly being the exit point
of traffic that tor users who would give the network a bad name,
dispersing it geographically. And finally, three, eliminating the
constant talk of 'cover traffic' which would be unneccessary if the
client side were selecting nodes without activity, thus maintaining a
constant stream of packets through every node. This would only take up
as fast as nodes are updating their directory information, meaning
occasionally a node might be silent for 15 minutes or so, but overall
this would reduce the deadspots too. Whether these idle nodes should be
used for entry, middleman or exit nodes I'm not sure. I'd be inclined to
say that there should be no prejudice in this respect. If an exit node
cannot send to an ip address for any reason (including the great
firewall and smartfilter), the more remote, idle node should respond to
an attempt to do this by some kind of 'return to sender' mechanism which
could be triggered by some means... I'm not sure exactly how this should
be approached, I just thought of it so I thought it should be added. In
general this would only occur to an exit node and exit nodes already
know how to send packets back in the circuit. If the problem occurs on
an entry or middleman node, this is more tricky to deal with, perhaps
such nodes could report unreachable (to them) ip addresses in their
profile so they are not selected in circuits. The originating server,
upon experiencing a timeout of the circuit, could then query the
directory for an update of the nodes in the circuit, and it would then
receive the information about the unreachable address and establish a
new circuit, and for some period of time (perhaps indefinitely) the
server will maintain this information on the directory. (by the way,
this suggests that it may be a good idea for accesses to the
directories, by nodes, be done through a tor circuit, which may already
be happening but I don't know).
7. The directory server could have a diff server operating so that it
keeps a progressive history of updates to the directory information, so
that when a node requests an update of the directory, it only has to be
sent the changes since its last update, which will help reduce the load
on the directory servers in their sending out of directory information,
as well as making the mirroring of the directory less intensive,
non-directory servers will only serve up one node info chunk at a time
to peers, and directories are only ever queried for their updated
information which is provided to them whenever a change occurs in the
network. This may already be implemented, I'm not sure how this part of
the architecture exactly works.
8. Prioritise the traffic of a user originating connections above those
it relays. This would mean that the serving of traffic by the nodes
would not so greatly interfere with the usefulness of the client side by
a user. The rate of traffic permitted from originating traffic from
within a node could be allowed to go to the maximum upstream speed of
the connection, meaning the client gets full speed access. While this
may at first glance seem like it would make the user's traffic stand out
from the server as a spike in traffic, remember that generally, a user
is receiving more than they are sending (eg websites), which means the
traffic spikes on the in-side as much as on the out-side, usually more,
and decreases latency issues, because ack packets are often the biggest
bottleneck caused by asymmetric connections. If they cannot be sent then
the downstream bandwidth will be limited as well. This modification
would also encourage people to actually use tor, because their
originating traffic would be of maximum possible responsiveness, meaning
latency would be reduced.
I hope this post stimulates some discussion about the pros and cons of
these ideas and eventually brings us to a more hardened security and
anonymity to the tor network, as well as improving performance.

@_date: 2006-05-16 02:05:17
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Some simple changes to the tor architecture I believe may greatly 
Hash: RIPEMD160
I forgot one extra idea - that of generating a number of different
circuits to be used at any one time (generation could be spaced say 5
minute intervals by the client, circuits more than 4 or maybe 5
generations back could be expunged in a fifo type arrangement) that,
whenever possible will select a random route to establish any new
connection from one of the number of circuits that are built. The
purpose of this specifically is to address the reduction of timing
attacks that are possible against a website - if the client sets up say
3-6 different circuits to retrieve the various different components of a
web page, each circuit will have a different time signature (due to the
viscisitudes of the network) and will make it harder to definitively
establish the origin. (and of course every node being both client and
server further obscures this)

@_date: 2006-05-16 10:37:47
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Doesn't their questioning of you make you a witness to your own
'complicity'? Accomplices are treated much the same as the primary
defendant I'm pretty sure.

@_date: 2006-05-16 11:17:49
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France + 
Hash: RIPEMD160
I think this line of discussion is irrelevant anyway, because saying
'we don't censor' yet you are censoring censorship? The bigger issue
is that there is so many zombie machines, this is not about censorship
of email but simply a defense against a very large attacker whose
activities would impact the exit nodes.
And this is why I think that it should not be regarded as censorship
(and I should add, this should be at the discretion of any exit node
operator suffering from law enforcement attention) for a tor user to
block traffic to the IP address(es) related to their enquiry, nor
should it be regarded as spying if the exit node operator wishes to
plug on a forwarder for traffic coming out of the server going to a
specific IP address. I think that tor needs friends in the law
enforcement scene. As I discussed in one of my previous posts, it
would demonstrate to the relevant authority that people using tor are
against the use of their systems for carrying despicable stuff (As I
said just before, this should be at the discretion of the exit node
operator) if they were willing to participate in apprehending the
Unfortunately, regardless of either of these things, when it comes
down to it, driving these types away from tor will not stop them using
anonymity systems of some other type, possibly even illegal ones. I
would say that, just like what the french police did to our friend
running an exit in france, they will see it simply as a dead lead and
not prosecute anyone for it.
Last time I recall looking into it, the police don't go after the big
backbone routers... These large network infrastructure systems most
definitely are neutral to the content. I think it could be argued that
anyone providing content-neutral network services should be treated
the same way.
The crux of the matter is, tor exit nodes, as eugene explained in a
response to my set of ideas post, don't use locality to select exit
points. This means that tor exit nodes could carry traffic for these
low-lifes from any country in the world. It's not possible, given the
architecture, to trace anything through tor, nor is it possible to
even be sure that anyone whose traffic comes out of an exit node, is
even in their jurisdiction.
I think this last point is the most important point. Any tor exit node
operator can use this as a defense - The traffic could be originating,
literally, anywhere in the world, and thus this puts it in this funny
little grey area where they cannot assert the traffic is even in their
jurisdiction. It is my opinion that this will be quickly surmised by
the law enforcement folks anyway. Not even tapping or hacking the
server or taking its crypto will help them in the slightest in their
Will this cause them to look upon tor in a negative light? I don't
know. I would hope not. If there's one thing that cops don't like
doing, that is stepping on the toes of someone in another
jurisdiction. Mainly because of the whoopass can that usually gets
opened on them.However, one thing the law enforcement *could* do is
interdict at the hosting provider of the site they are trying to get
both it and its users nailed, make the isp block traffic from tor exit
nodes, without the site operator's awareness of this, and this would
drive the users onto non-tor connections or other proxy systems, and
increase the effectiveness of their honeypot type operation on the
site. And this is something that the exit node operator can
practically make any impact on, since as I pointed out earlier in this
post, it is just as likely that the suspect could emerge out of any
tor exit node on the network.
And this could be a way to get around any possible issues with the
outlawing of tor. Put this idea out there, of blocking tor exits to
honeypot sites. Simple solution. Doesn't affect anyone except those
they are trying to catch out. Tor is not the problem. I don't think
the police will even see it as a problem, cos I'm sure it's obvious to
them the potential tor has for their undercover online work. This is
something talked about in the faq and on the website, and any efforts
to inform the law enforcement of its potential uses, if there isn't
already knowledge of this, will make them unwilling to accept it being
outlawed in their jurisdiction if it is a critical and low-cost way
for them to provide anonymity to their undercover agents. Police are,
despite what they show on stupid cop shows, averse to wasting money on
anything that they don't have to waste their money on. The NSA is a
whole different kettle of fish, but cops don't put taps on lines
unless they are very confident it will lead to evidence that can be
used to prosecute. The cost of establishing and monitoring these taps
is quite high, I don't know exactly how high, but if the cost
outweighs value of the crime or the PR yield of it, they won't do it.

@_date: 2006-05-16 19:39:48
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: keys? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Problem is that key generation with adequate entropy levels is time and
processor intensive. It all depends on how big your keys are tho. I use
a 4096 bit pgp key and it often takes up to 5 minutes to generate a new
key. With a hardware RNG it's not so bad, but with a software one you
are dependent on stochastic phenomena disrupting the orderliness of the
computer's executions stream.

@_date: 2006-10-03 20:07:28
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tor not working 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Tor does not operate on port 8118 in the default configuration, but
9050. 8118 is the privoxy port and is a http/https proxy. Port 9050 is
the default tor port and it runs on the Socks protocol as opposed to the
http protocol on the privoxy. privoxy connects to tor as a socks 4a (a
specific type of socks proxy)
if it is saying you can't connect to 127.0.0.1 that is either because a
firewall is blocking the connection, not so much on that address but on
the specific port, OR, as Roger says, because one of your proxy programs
is not running.
Have a look at what you have to do to get tor running, perhaps you have
normally manually started it up, but then forgot to do so? Perhaps you
changed a configuration and forgot you'd changed it? one must not forget
that in mac os you can twiddle settings on the console and in fancy aqua
gui interfaces... i'm just going to check what privoxy tells me when i
turn off my tor proxy...
did it say this:

@_date: 2006-10-02 09:06:39
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tormap 
Hash: RIPEMD160
vidalia uses geoip too. i'm not sure, it was during a time my server was
up and down, maybe the directory that site uses had my server registered
as offline and thus didn't show it

@_date: 2006-10-03 20:37:07
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Confused about Tor settings 
Hash: RIPEMD160
The exact correct settings are:
http proxy: address: localhost port: 8118
https proxy: address: localhost port: 8118
leave the gopher and ftp blank. i'm not sure if anyone actually even
uses gopher anymore, i remember learning about it back in the mid
nineties but i can't even remember now what it was even used for... as
for the ftp, i'm really not sure what should be used, i don't think the
socks proxy works, and http definitely doesn't... the general thing is
to not set it to anything. i think it has been mentioned somewhere
before but ftp links are one way to nab a tor user's ip address (any
further advice on that would be much appreciated)
socks proxy: address: localhost port: 9050
just to clarify, when you set the ftp proxy to the tor 9050 port, you
get this:

@_date: 2006-10-02 16:34:13
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tormap 
Hash: RIPEMD160
yeah it's not there. interestingly, my geolocation pops up in several
places other than my actual location, actually, it never shows up where
i really am but at what i presume to be the two major server
installations my isp uses.

@_date: 2006-10-04 08:36:55
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: More bad tor server? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
i get this at some exits when i go to thinkgeek.com, so it's happened to
me too.
is there a way to  find out what the current exit node is so it can be
blacklisted when it redirects like this?

@_date: 2006-10-04 08:42:45
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: More bad tor server? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
i think if these people are going to ban tor exit nodes they can go to
hell. i'm not turning that onion off for nobody no more :)

@_date: 2006-10-02 18:30:57
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tormap 
Hash: RIPEMD160
well, it's not really privacy, because if you went to the isp with a
subpoena they'd have to coff up my address, but yeah, anyway

@_date: 2006-10-04 15:58:04
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: tor and its speed 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Perhaps changing the number of seconds for MaxCircuitDirtiness may help
reduce the unpleasant effect of slow circuits by shortening circuit
lifespan? have you installed fasterfox? I personally find tor is more
than adequately fast with the aforementioned setting at 300 and with
fasterfox on. You may also want to have a look at the server exit nodes
with the greatest uptime and bandwidth capability and set them as
preferred exits and entry points?
A comprehensive set of tips for improving performance when using tor
would be good, there is many good tips already on the wiki though.

@_date: 2006-10-04 16:01:30
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: transparent DNS proxy for tor resolution [was: Confused about 
Hash: RIPEMD160
i don't think there is much to proxying dns other than accepting the
request, translating it to a socks4a request and sending it on,
receiving the result, sending back to the client and marking the dns as
a tor-resolved one so tor doesn't flag it as a raw ip address in the logs.
tor does require at least one dns query to start up though doesn't it?
or are the directory servers on ip addresses hard-coded into the tor source?

@_date: 2006-10-04 16:23:35
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Confused about Tor settings 
Hash: RIPEMD160
i'm pretty sure someone has written some dns proxy that queries through
tor, i have a vague memory that it was only implemented in windows
however. i'm going to look into this because i think it'd be rather cool
to actually resolve all dns queries through tor, although sometimes that
may wind up with different ip addresses depending on the exit node doing
the query.

@_date: 2006-10-04 16:27:29
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tor not working 
Hash: RIPEMD160
what about if you uninstall tor, delete any traces of configuration
files you can find and reinstall? the default setup for tor/vidalia
bundle works as is afaik

@_date: 2006-10-04 16:29:38
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tor not working 
Hash: RIPEMD160
are you running vidalia? vidalia manages starting up tor. obviously you
have got privoxy auto-starting, so that's not at issue. you could always
go without vidalia but then you miss out on all the neat interface
features in vidalia like watching the log and bandwidth usage and the
geoip map and info pages.

@_date: 2006-10-04 20:54:56
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: ftp 
Hash: RIPEMD160
I'm rather puzzled why tor proxies every other protocol but refuses ftp
and says it isn't a http proxy. ftp != http. why is this error coming up?
i grepped the source for ftp and 21 and came up with nothing telling me
why it was refusing to talk to ftp servers. i installed a dedicated ftp
client, i tried a number of proxy types, obviously not http.
what's going on? how is it that ftp is some special case that resists
tor connection?

@_date: 2006-10-04 21:20:32
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: ftp 
Hash: RIPEMD160
i think i know what the problem is at least in the way i tried to do
this using socat, ftp opens two ports to connect. 21 for the control
connection and some other port for the data connection.
i would like to hear about what can be done to make this work because i
really can't see any reason why a passive ftp connection should be
unusable from behind a proxy of any kind, 4, 4a or 5
here's the transcript from my gftp session using socat as such:
socat TCP4-LISTEN:4242,fork \
log begins from here:

@_date: 2006-10-02 20:13:07
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Using a network monitor when tor is running. 
Hash: RIPEMD160
iptraf doesn't do anything other than inspect the stack. whether that is
insecure or not i guess would be something to do with whether you log,
but even then your isp could have a box doing that anyway. watching
traffic in only useful to a snoop if they can identify the sender and
receiver. this therefore would only be useful if they were monitoring
both ends of a pathway.

@_date: 2006-10-05 16:35:43
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Confused about Tor settings 
Hash: RIPEMD160
it's pissing me off that the dns leak problem hasn't been plugged yet,
to the point that i'm teetering on the edge of deciding to dedicate my
weekend to writing a dns proxy to sort this crap out permanently, in
c... a language i'm only moderately competent in... gah... i really want
this sorted, having dns requests flying out when they could be piped
throuh a socks4a proxy is nuts, how has this gone on for so long??? WTF!
*sigh* well if someone gets this het up about it then maybe they'll do
something :D *grin*
*looks at the tor source to get some idea of what i am up against*

@_date: 2006-10-05 17:11:34
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Analyzing TOR-exitnodes for anomalies 
Hash: RIPEMD160
I am not adding anything useful, but I wish to add my feeling about this
situation that people are so rapidly responding to a threat so early.
:) tor will never die if people like you all are on it. (which reminds
me i've blathered about writing a dns proxy patch for tor so dns leaks
are a thing of the past, and i bloody better do something serious about
it DANGIT!)
dns poisoning is of course a bigger problem than tor, there has been
discussion about the 'splitting of the root' some months ago as it turns
out that dns servers will give out different addresses depending on the
nation of locality. This is a very serious problem and extends beyond
the domain of the tor network. I have no idea where to point people with
regard to this subject but I hope someone who has a bee in their bonnet
about it will very shortly.

@_date: 2006-09-10 21:06:23
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: An observation 
This incident in germany just highlights something which I think that I
would like to raise to the forefront of the tor community's mind, and in
fact perhaps this would be well advanced in the entire open source
community as a whole.
This is a war. We are fighting at the highest level, and this project
itself represents the ultimate counterattack to surveillance, and
surveillance being the highest level of military strategic processes.
All i want to say, after that sort of heavy statement is: tor server
operators should not expect to be free of injury from this battle we all
are engaged in.
Having said that, it is a war worth fighting.
We are fighting on the side of peace. Our cause is in the name of the
defeat of all methods of fighting war at the top level. If they cannot
surveil the enemy, they cannot establish adequate strategy. This means
any potential warmonger. It does not matter what you think your ideology
is, tor is at the top of the heap of defensive weapons. The more
citizens chose to adopt this defense the less capability any military
organisation has of determining a strategy. Without an effective stategy
they will not chose the right course of action and the wrong course of
action in military strategy leads to political disgrace.
Yes, it makes tor a political target. But we all knew that it would be,
and here is proof.
Don't take it lightly. Tor is not just idealism, it is offensive to the
most central power of oppression. It is ironic that this all emerged
from the most submerged of military cultures, ultimately, but they put
it out there, the people who started this obviously realised what they
were doing.
There is nothing more powerful in war than evasion. Surrender is weak
compared to running away. If you can remain out of the crosshairs, you
live to fight another day. Fostering this technology is helping people
I salute you!

@_date: 2006-09-10 21:22:55
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: CCC dirserver gone 
i was so emphatic! anyway, it still is valid what i said
but if i'd realised that CCC meant the chaos computer club i'd have said
'oh wait, i saw that one in my vidalia network viewer app just this morning'

@_date: 2006-09-11 05:37:52
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tor Defense Fund...an idea. 
An amusing subtext in this is that issue of social reward which came up
in discussions about how to encourage tor servers to appear. I'm
inclined to suggest that a firehose blasting would work better, find an
effective way to get more people to run tor nodes, and it goes from
victimisation to class action.

@_date: 2006-09-11 05:40:11
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: torstat - another suggestion 
if you are running vidalia you get everything you are talking about
except the thing of clicking the map - uptime, operation, bandwidth
capacity... when i stumbled on the feature i was well blown away, the
vidalia program is amazing, and i look forward to further developments

@_date: 2006-09-11 06:22:38
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tor Defense Fund...an idea. 
My point here, which seems to be lost on everyone, is that putting your
neck out is a monetary (at least requires monetary) contribution. As for
organising users together that is just a matter of good viral marketing.
Fast internet is starting to spread fast anyway, with all this ADSL2
popping up. I think perhaps that better would be to get people to sign
on for being part of the class action defense group as a part of running
a server. I'm sure this would bring a lot of the broader civil liberties
people into the fold.

@_date: 2006-09-11 18:15:56
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Protecting exit-nodes by GeoIP based policy 
I may be mistaken, but just as is the practise with the linux kernel, it
is not permissible to mix licenses when only interfaces are used, mixing
licenses within a gpl licensed software unit is tainting the license but
using an exported interface is not. The only thing that would be
required would be a second license display to cover the two pieces of
differently licensed software. GeoIP, as far as I know, has an
interface, and does not have to be meshed directly with any software
using it.

@_date: 2006-09-11 18:21:12
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Protecting exit-nodes by GeoIP based policy 
oh dear, that did not parse correctly. If the licenses are different,
the gpl permits the use of interfaces of the softawre to be exported as
such, this is for the neccessary reason that it is, for example,
possible to use a closed source scripting system with the apache web
server. The http protocol is not covered, nor would it be permitted to
be covered, by a gpl, it is public domain. Unless this were the case the
software would be legally rendered useless.

@_date: 2006-09-13 00:07:29
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tor-compatible secure email systems 
Just what exactly is insecure about being 100% vigilant about never
accessing any random (eg hotmail, gmail, yahoo mail) mail server with tor?
Well the main problem is in password recovery. Unfortunately most ...
well any website ... has not got best practise cryptographic techniques
for ensuring secure access. But without a backup email service, you are
kinda screwed.
Have a look at mixminion. I've not managed to figure it out. I don't
think of anonymity as being absolute. I personally don't think that
letting your real ip address to various places now and then absolutely
compromises you. The biggest problem of all comes from mail sending. You
can't send via smtp from tor, because tor does not permit port 25
traffic on exits, thanks to spam.
oh yes, i just want to back up my statement about anonymity of ip. i
have intermittently run a tor server. i'd love to see it proven at any
stage that it was me or some random fool who i let through on my open
proxy ;)

@_date: 2006-09-13 15:29:24
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tor-compatible secure email systems 
provides a web based email service which does not depend
on you giving true backup email addresses (possibly one could set up
two, i'm not sure i never tried) nor does the client use javascript,
it's all plain old (x)html

@_date: 2006-09-14 07:46:01
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tor-compatible secure email systems 
portable thunderbird with tor - i believe someone has bundled them now,
but you can use torpark and set thunderbird to use the proxy and always
launch it after tor and close it before torpark, and install enigmail
into the portable thunderbird. i've done this, it's pretty easy really

@_date: 2006-09-14 17:32:27
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tor crashes ZoneAlarm 
Hash: RIPEMD160
most current adsl2/2+ modems now have full configurable firewalls and
QoS and IDS and ICMP ping on or off. sygate is better for a free
firewall than zonealarm

@_date: 2006-09-16 01:08:19
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: unsubscribe 
i'm tired of these, could we have them filtered somehow?

@_date: 2006-09-17 00:38:18
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: regarding the german tor server business 
I see that on the main site and from reading various thingies that there
is some confusion about why some server operators were searched but
didn't have their machines subpoenaed. I think that kinda explicitly
says that the law enforcement in germany realise that tor nodes are
useless as evidence. Well, just wanted to put that comment in because I
have seen some things and this is the only conclusion I can reach.
I think law enforcement, at least in .de recognises the value of the tor
network. This is very positive for tor in general.

@_date: 2006-09-20 18:29:30
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: [INFO] new anonymizing software 
I don't know if this is a correction but the tor hidden service system
is client AND server anonymising, tor itself is client anonymising, and
the hidden services are server anonymising.
It boggles my mind that anyone committed to anonymity would not see the
sense of not using a proprietary language to implement an anonymity
system. C, C++, hell, ada, pascal, what have you - open standards. Java:
pwned by Sun. End of.

@_date: 2006-09-20 18:41:04
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Using Gmail (with Tor) is a bad idea 
i personally don't like the ajax interface, fancy as it might be,
javascript is full of holes and to be honest it's slower than a direct
pop access.
in case anyone reading this mailing list didn't know, you can access
gmail via pop and they also have an smtp server (altho it rewrites the
sender thing to the name of the account logged in to use the smtp
server) and it can be accessed by thunderbird proxied through tor with
the straight socks5 setup.
oh yes, and i think it should be pointed out that anyone who has a
history of running a tor server exit node, any lapses in one's security
cannot be conclusively mapped to you, since they all look the same
(apart from the username)

@_date: 2006-09-20 18:43:41
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tor-compatible secure email systems 
yes, port 25 is blocked by most tor exit nodes. however, some webmail
services (notably gmail) use different ports and are usable from tor.

@_date: 2006-09-20 18:47:53
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: How anonymity software landscape will look 
you can replace i2p for services with tor hidden services quite easily,
and as far as content retrieval, which part of the process is your focus
when ascribing insecurity? storage or transit? TOR sorts out transit,
and the server operator using a decently strongly encrypted storage
would keep the storage side decently secure.

@_date: 2006-09-20 19:35:24
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: How anonymity software landscape will look 
unless i'm mistaken, for the average adsl/cable user, this means some
meaningless number like 10.0.0.2 or 192.168.0.4

@_date: 2006-09-21 17:54:43
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Using Gmail (with Tor) is a bad idea 
why not just use your own client with the socks proxy turned on and
access gmail via the pop and smtp they provide (both of which are
encrypted, one ssl, the other tls)?

@_date: 2006-09-22 06:58:41
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Using Gmail (with Tor) is a bad idea 
i must admit i'm having trouble getting the smtp to work... i suppose it
could be expected to be too good to be true that one could have an
easily available smtp that works with tor... do tor nodes now commonly
block 587? i dunno, but i keep getting these errors and mail not sending

@_date: 2006-09-23 10:16:32
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: using low ports when running vidalia on gentoo or allowing vidalia 
Hash: RIPEMD160
I'm running my tor server  through vidalia so I can more easily monitor
it's bandwidth utilisation and access that neat tor network browser/map
thing, the problem I'm having is that I was unable to get vidalia to do
configuration if I tried to make it connect to a server running via the
standard /etc/init.d script so I've ended up running it under my normal
login, which then makes it impossible for me to run it on low ports.
I presume the simplest solution is getting the config and logging
interfaces from vidalia talking to the tor user owned files, but I'm
buggered if I can figure out how to do it.
Any help would be appreciated.

@_date: 2006-09-23 10:22:01
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: oopsy 
Hash: RIPEMD160
ok, i see what i need to do here now, sorry to ask an faq question

@_date: 2006-09-23 12:32:45
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: port 53 for dirport for firewalled users? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
I know that many intranet firewalls have bandwidth limiters on port 53,
especially the more severe types of firewalls, but for accessing
directory mirrors this isn't a big deal, I mean sure, it slows down the
process initially but once a cache is built most of the time the speed
will be of little issue.
I think that probably then port port 80 or 443 could then be the ORPort,
with the configuration modification suggested in the tor wiki, one could
then provide a harsh firewall-accessible route to tor access while
running a webserver.

@_date: 2006-09-24 00:02:01
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tor appliance 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Unfortunately I haven't been able to find any information about how to
do this, but the last two modem/routers I have used for my dsl
connection have both had linux software running them... I was just
reading today about the netcomm nb5, which is my current modem, it can
apparently have new software put on it and all sorts of neat things like
that. It'd be an interesting project to see happen, add a basic tor
client to the standard flash image of several common routers that this
could be done for.
The only problem I am thinking may crop up is that, as it appears right
now, my netcomm nb5 seems to be crashing after some amount of time
running really quite a minimal tor server on the network behind it. It's
happened three times now but I'm not sure what is causing it. I have
changed the 'throttle' to full out on my ISP, I think possibly giving
the modem more available bandwidth may fix the problem by unclogging the
buffers... I'll see I suppose... gonna be a bit annoyed if I can't run
tor through it... :(
Well, speak of the devil and he shall appear. Just as I am trying to
send this email the modem has gone dumb again. I wonder if turning off
QoS might help. In fact I'll just turn off everything unneccessary,
maybe that will free up some memory to give it stability... I'm doubtful
Any suggestions on how to get the router to not go spaz while running
tor would be greatly appreciated

@_date: 2006-09-26 05:53:13
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Precompiled tor binary for openwrt/dd-wrt? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
if you can point me at the right gentoo software packages to compile it
i could do that

@_date: 2006-09-26 18:05:35
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Precompiled tor binary for openwrt/dd-wrt? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
HUMMM looking at that, doesn't look like it'd be a very enjoyable
process without me actually having a linksys wrt router sitting around.
How about you get one of those live linux things and build it on a usb
key? I'm pretty sure there is live linux cd's dedicated to creating a
build environment.

@_date: 2006-09-28 07:18:16
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Precompiled tor binary for openwrt/dd-wrt? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
perhaps openwrt hasn't got urandom? urandom is pretty intensive as far
as i know, it'd definitely load the little router hard. i'd say the devs
will be able to tell you if there's anything that can be done. my
initial thought is edit the source and change all references to
would also reduce loading (and in this case, may enable it to run)

@_date: 2006-09-28 18:10:41
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Precompiled tor binary for openwrt/dd-wrt? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Roger, what do you think of the idea of having /dev/urandom as an
alternative rng for embedded devices as a build option?

@_date: 2006-10-01 09:12:24
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: BIND over TOR? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
running your own bind does not eliminate dns leaks, out of your node
will still emerge dns requests and that's all that's needed to do the
It should be possible, however, to proxy bind through tor, but only
through a transparent proxy with iptables or running the bind daemon
through tsocks. I'm not sure exactly what is required.

@_date: 2006-10-01 09:27:39
@_author: glymr 
@_subject: Tormap 
Hash: RIPEMD160
the vidalia client has a map on it too. strangely i couldn't find my tor
node on that map on that page but it is definitely up and vidalia can
see it too.
