
@_date: 2016-01-25 23:52:14
@_author: goblackhole 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Private Internet Access VPN drops Tor connection randomly 
Hash: SHA256
PIA VPN connection is stable; I can visit any servers using PIA.
However, Tor can't make a connection/or if connected, connection
is NOT stable. I believe PIA is starting dropping Tor connection.
I already tried obfs3/obfs4, but both failed with
"connections died in state handshaking (TLS) with SSL state
unknown state".
Here's my chat log with PIA guy.
- From about 3 months ago, your VPN start dropping Tor connection.
I can connect to any server with PIA VPN, but not when VPN--->Tor.
Why did you start dropping Tor connection?
Live Support
An agent will be with you shortly.
After your live chat session, you will have the option to rate your
If you would like, there are answers to common questions available at
Steve M
Hello User, my name is Steve M. I'll be happy to assist you today.
TOR functions similarly to a VPN which can cause connectivity issues
I was able to use Tor with VPN with no problem 3 months ago.
Many people use Tor over VPN.
But for now, I can't connect to Tor even when I use Tor Bridge.
I believe PIA is dropping Tor because I can connect to any site only VPN.
Tried for 120 seconds to get a connection to [scrubbed]:80. Giving up
<--- from tor log
Steve M
I will need you to submit a support ticket, so we can investigate this
issue further.
To do so, please go to
or email helpdesk at privateinternetaccess.com, and one of our support
specialists will get back to you as soon as possible.
In order to ensure the support you receive is carried out in an
efficient manner, please save the transcript for this chat,
and include it in your support request.
To email a transcript to yourself, click the gear icon on the top
right, and click the envelope (email) option to send the transcript.
This will provide the Ticket Specialists with context for your issue
and help avoid unnecessary duplication of support steps.
Okay I'll do it, but many people on PIA forums says you guys will just
ignore support ticket.
Steve M
We do not
I hope you guys take seriously on this issue.
I will also send this log to Tor team.
Ok, thanks for your support, I'll send a ticket to you later.
So I sent an email to PIA with subject "PIA VPN drop Tor connection
