
@_date: 2008-02-16 12:03:02
@_author: gogogadgetnecktie@fastmail.fm 
@_subject: .onion sites fail to load with: (waiting for rendezvous desc) 
I'm seeing this message in terminal running Tor when trying to connect
to any .onion sites:
[notice] Tried for 120 seconds to get a connection to [scrubbed]:80.
Giving up. (waiting for rendezvous desc), followed by a Privoxy 502
Where these pages once loaded for me, they now all fail after attempting
to load with the reason given in Tor above. Others have verified the
.onion sites I try to connect to as up and running, but I can almost
never connect to them anymore. I'm running the latest Tor alpha. Every
other use of Tor works fine, only this problem when trying .onion sites.
Any clues on what may be wrong and how to fix plz? thx

@_date: 2008-02-16 14:02:23
@_author: gogogadgetnecktie@fastmail.fm 
@_subject: .onion sites fail to load with: (waiting for rendezvous desc) 
said:
No.  on OFTC has a ban on tor users right now, why? This does not
help bug reporters very well. Why not a moderation mode instead of ban?
I've tried everything I can think of, nothing works. Should I revert to
stable until this is fixed? I don't know if I can offer much help.
I can connect to  without a problem, but
others including core.onion, hidden wiki, Freenode's hidden IRC server,
and a few others don't work as they used to. I attempt only known &
verified as working .onion sites from others. Non-fuctional (down)
.onion sites show a different message in terminal unrelated to this bug.
One day I managed to connect to one when I reloaded the site the moment
following the failure message (with 0.2.0.17-alpha (or) 18-alpha), but I
have been unable to reproduce this with the current 19-alpha).
All tries fail.
 Did you try to compile
I download only from download page @ torproject.org, I don't apply
patches myself or use svn.
This information I have not verified from them.
I mentioned a few of them above. I personally have little use for .onion
sites as most of them don't have content interesting to me, but I test
anyway because it is alpha.
