
@_date: 2005-12-07 09:45:22
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Multi-root DNS is real. 
I like to think that Blossom is the best candidate for a real fix.  I
have been studying this problem for years now, after all.  In the
various papers, I argue why HIP will not do what we want and why
assuming that the Internet has a core suitable for hosting  a DHT is a

@_date: 2005-11-28 10:44:47
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: use of routing information in anti-fraud mechanisms 
It seems that some anti-fraud mechanisms have evolved to use information
about how a user is connected to the Internet to determine whether they
are likely to be fradulent.  Specifically, in my case it turns out that
Paypal does not accept my debit card:
"We were unable to verify this credit card through our card validation
process. To proceed with checkout, please verify the information you
entered is correct or try a different card."
I do not have other cards, and my card works everywhere else.  A little
online investigation suggests that Paypal outsources its card
verification process to an overzealous company called CyberSource, and
there are many false positives.
I suspect that in my case, the false positive is related to my use of
According to this article, geographic location (i.e. "where a buyer's
computer is") determined by IP address and ISP data, can cause a
transaction to be denied:
These articles cite geolocation as a useful anti-fraud technique:
It seems to me that the world has already begun walking down the
dangerous road of developing infrastructure that rely upon routing
information and ISP data to identify fraudulent activity.  This will
present a major stumblingblock to the deployment of location-independent
services and overlay networks such as Tor that attempt to separate
location from identity.

@_date: 2005-11-29 08:57:48
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: use of routing information in anti-fraud mechanisms 
First, Tor is an experimental overlay network, and it has been (rightly)
designed to be easy to flag and block.  While it is certainly possible
that CyberSource is rejecting my card because I am connecting from an IP
address that is known to host a Tor node, I do not believe this to be
the case.  Having read the various articles and documents from my
previous post, I am inclined to believe that CyberSource simply noticed
that my card had a billing address in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA,
while my source IP address corresponded to an ISP that was located
nowhere near Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA, and based upon these
observations, CyberSource concluded that I am most likely a fraud.
Use of location information may indeed serve as a moderately effective
technique in stopping the more irresolute cyberfrauds who do not bother
using the very same geolocation techniques to choose a source IP address
whose corresponding geographic location is close to the billing address
of the card.  On the surface such an approach appears to be a rather
obvious and harmless step for those of us interested in cracking down on
fradulent activity.  Sure, this is an arms race, but sometimes
participating in an arms race is the best option we have, right?  In
this case I am not so sure.
I call the use of location information "overzealous" because it tramples
the end-to-end principles upon which the Internet was built.  There is a
very real sense in which use of location information permanently tethers
us to an infrastructure in which access to Internet resources is a
function of how we are connected rather than how we have identified
using end-to-end methods, and this poses a challenge to maintaining the
global consistency of the Internet that we have come to expect.
Suddenly "Internet access" means something radically different when
offered in Russia rather than Germany or when offered in Brazil rather
than the US.  Inevitably, this technical reality opens the door for
hackish VPN-style solutions to make people appear to be somewhere else
in order to get the Internet access they really want, and such solutions
are expensive both in terms of setup cost and performance.  Do we really
want to promote this future, especially when it hurts legitimate users
more than it hurts true frauds in the long run?  I think that we do not,
and I see the use of location information in infrastructure services as
one of the greatest challenges to maintaining Internet consistency over
the next decade.

@_date: 2005-11-29 10:16:48
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: use of routing information in anti-fraud mechanisms 
By "nowhere near", I mean "overseas", since it was this case that the
articles mentioned.  Also, with the exception of Paypal, I have never
had trouble using my card to make purchases while using the Tor network.
I suspect that Paypal is more paranoid than most as the result of the
volume and nature of the other kinds of payments (e.g. eBay) that Paypal
routinely handles.

@_date: 2005-11-01 09:36:01
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Wikipedia and Tor - a solution in the works? 
It seems likely that this solution has been discussed before, but my
understanding is that Wikipedia works by having a team of volunteers
periodically scour the submitted pages for signs of vandalism.  Why
should they do this ex-post?  Is there some critical need for edits to
Wikipedia pages to be published as quickly as possible, even if this
means that there is potential abuse?  I question the need for publishing
first, asking questions later.
Perhaps your utility function is construed such that for cases in which
you feel that you can use routing information and rely upon the ISP for
a backchannel for complaints, the benefit of getting edits out right
away outweighs the cost of vandalism.  However, in the case of Tor
nodes, it is clear to me that you believe that the cost of vandalism is
too high for this policy.
Therefore, I propose screening edits from Tor nodes.  Aside from the
delay, this method carries no additional cost, since your editors are
accustomed to scouring articles anyway.  As long as vandalized pages are
not published successfully, the value of this method for trolling the
world will be neutralized.  Even if the world magically turns into a
utopia of location-independent sources, you will have a means of dealing
with abuse quickly. and provided that your editors are sufficiently
effective, you will never publish a vandalized page.

@_date: 2005-11-06 09:24:02
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Fwd: [sorbs.net #51340] Need help with 81.169.156.174 (support form) 
I would not argue that you are crazy for using RBLs, but consider the
tradeoffs carefully.  Conflating routing information with identity means
false positives, and adding another trust dependency in administrative
decisions creates risk.  Granted, SORBS is a particularly threatening
RBL: its motivation is largely sociopolitical in nature, and it uses a
number of inappropriate techniques for deriving the composition of its
list.  However, theoretically speaking it is not possible for you to
know whether your RBL is malicious without going through the effort of
maintaining such a list yourself, i.e. the process of list verification
is not easier than the process of list creation.
No, people with the attitude that RBLs are dangerous are right in
thinking so.  Effectively blackholing traffic based upon network or
transport layer characteristics threatens the end-to-end character of
the Internet, even if the filtering occurs on the end hosts.  Putting
someone else in charge of these decisions is little different than
allowing an upstream ISP to block content on your behalf.  Sure, there
are arguments for how this can be useful, but in my opinion the dangers
to society outweigh the benefits.  Perhaps this is a Tragedy of the
Commons, but I think that it is one that deserves more thought than
"RBLs are good because they reduce the amount of spam I see."

@_date: 2005-11-08 13:33:49
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: small change to machine-readable exit.pl output format 
I modified the text-only output of the exit.pl script to include the
country code when sortbw=1.  This changes the output format slightly.
You can see the new output here:
Please let me know if this causes problems for you, so that I can
accomodate the needs of your automated scripts.

@_date: 2005-11-09 00:56:44
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Hacker strikes through student's router 
The difference between filtering by transport-layer headers (e.g. port
number) and filtering by application-layer headers (e.g. HTTP request
type) is one of degree, not one of kind.  Whether it is ethical to do
this is debatable.  However, right now there does not exist a way to
describe this sort of filtering in the exit policy, and thus may degrade
client performance.  Also, it is not possible (without substantial
modification to Tor) to simply pass along the request to another Tor
node, since this would mean somehow extending the circuit and
reattaching the stream in-flight!
Intuitively, if there were a magical box that could filter out "evil"
traffic while allowing all "good" traffic to pass, it would be great to
deploy it at every exit node.  However, the nature of communication is
such that this is either difficult or impossible to quantify.
A more pressing problem that still needs to be addressed is, how do we
deal with cases in which such filtering is happening already?  Not only
can Tor node operators firewall their exits, but their upstream ISPs can
null-route traffic to particular destinations...

@_date: 2005-11-02 19:04:34
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: DNS block in place at 151.8.40.35 (molly) 
This does not appear to be true for all sites.
Right now I seem to consistenly get the right results when I specify
molly as an exit.  Do you have an idea of how to characterize the sites
that molly blocks?

@_date: 2005-10-18 11:53:49
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: DMCA letters in general 
Have you read the Tor Legal FAQ, linked from the main Tor page under
You will notice a standard response template:

@_date: 2005-10-18 12:00:17
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: DMCA letters in general 
This is true.  Perhaps the kind lawyers at EFF would like to write an
example response for ISPs to send to copyright owners -- after all, it
may be construed as rather silly that we have customers telling ISPs
that Tor is OK without telling the ISPs how they should respond to the

@_date: 2005-10-23 21:54:04
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Access for the uncomputed 
I see the problem as this: not everyone can run Tor on the machines from
which they browse the web, and not everyone can configure their proxy
settings to point at an open Tor proxy.  I hacked serifos to function as a proxy that sends traffic through Tor.
It is not entirely perfect, but it usually works.  Known limitations
include failure to properly munge image and link tags on SSL-encrypted
pages and an inability to properly handle redirections resulting from
Javascript code.
So, you can visit:
where TOR_HTTP_URL is any HTTP or HTTPS URL, and the Tor client running
on serifos will take you to your specified URL.  For example,
This is how it works:
First, I configured apache on serifos to use mod_proxy:
    ProxyPass /proxy/ Then, I ran my own proxy script that feeds requests to Privoxy and
munges HTML replies to properly translate image and link tags.  The code
is here:
I invoke this script as follows:
$ edgeproxy -l localhost:8119 -r localhost:8118
Finally, I ran Privoxy on port 8118, in the normal manner specified
on the Tor website.
Please check it out if you are interested and feed me bug reports if you
find anything broken (other than what I described).

@_date: 2005-10-10 09:13:48
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: any of Tor operators receiving mail from MediaSentry Copyright Infringement? 
1. Your exit policy is not the default.  We now recommend setting this
as your exit policy:
reject 0.0.0.0/255.0.0.0:*
reject 169.254.0.0/255.255.0.0:*
reject 127.0.0.0/255.0.0.0:*
reject 192.168.0.0/255.255.0.0:*
reject 10.0.0.0/255.0.0.0:*
reject 172.16.0.0/255.240.0.0:*
reject *:25
reject *:119
reject *:135-139
reject *:445
reject *:465
reject *:587
reject *:1214
reject *:4661-4666
reject *:6346-6429
reject *:6699
reject *:6881-6999
accept *:*
Note that this is both more reasonable about well-known ports and more
restrictive in ranges often chosen by P2P filesharing networks.
2. As long as you are in the business of digging around in the
application layer for clues about whether you should filter a connection
or not, and in so doing provide Tor users with uncertainty about whether
their connections will satisfy the filtering constraints or not, you
might as well just put your Tor router behind a firewall of your own,
with a script to drop connections whose application-layer payloads or
traffic patterns you consider evil.  Indeed, the possibilities are
endless, and ultimately cannot be expressed using simple policy
statements.  Entering the market for application-layer
filtering is a slippery slope.

@_date: 2005-10-10 10:19:30
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: any of Tor operators receiving mail from MediaSentry Copyright Infringement? 
10.0.0.0/255.0.0.0 is certainly routable.  It just so happens that ISPs
in the core of the Internet have decided, by convention (RFC 1918) to
not announce BGP prefixes in these ranges.  If you remove the reject
line for 10.0.0.0/255.0.0.0, potentially any Tor client can speak
directly to your local network by explicitly specifying your node as the
exit node for such communication.  Whether this behavior "causes
problems" or not is a question I cannot answer.  If you want to provide
access to your local network to the world, then this is great.  If there
are services on your local network that assume (perhaps for security
reasons) that all of the clients are local, then those assumptions would
suddenly be wrong.  So, it is up to you.
Agreed!  But we see this behavior even today, specifically from Tor
nodes with bad resolvers (or bad nameservers, etc.).  Have you ever seen
privoxy tell you that it could not look up the name of a particular
host when you're using Tor?  Bingo.  And we have no reason to believe
that these node operators are deliberately attacking the network -- this
is probably just accidental misconfiguration.  Nonetheless, this is a
difficult problem to solve, and one that has (mostly) been punted so

@_date: 2005-09-27 12:37:10
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Wikipedia & Tor 
It seems that applying this argument to Tor is precarious, since the
emerging technological fortresses have surely raised the bar for
anonymous speech well beyond the reach of otherwise law-abiding citizens
who happen to be in the possession of some inscrutable tactics.

@_date: 2005-09-27 13:09:24
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Wikipedia & Tor 
Let us not forget that using IP addresses for this purpose is not some
magical default ordained from the architects of the Internet: it is the
conscious choice of Wikipedia to restrict its "prestige tracking" data
to routing information.
Indeed, Wikipedia could have opted to use the sort of end-to-end
verification that the rest of the world has come to use and endorse.
Wikipedia could have chosen to authenticate users.  Wikipedia could have
chosen to require new users to register by providing a credit card
number.  Wikipedia could have chosen to require new users to provide
some form of collateral up front.  Wikipedia could have chosen to
require new users to be recommended by an existing user, thus creating a
chain of potential blame leading to someone who could be punished for
wrongdoing.  Wikipedia could have chosen to screen all of the updates
before they are accepted, rather than putting faith in a fully-automated
process.  Arguably, any one of these possibilities would have been
sufficient if the salient goal were simply to avoid vandalism.
Instead, Wikipedia opted to entrust internet service providers with an
unwritten mandate to track their constituent users and provide a channel
by which abuse complaints would be met by unquestioning capitulation.
In so doing, Wikipedia made several implicit assumptions, among them (a)
that either routing information never lies or false positives are
acceptable, (b) that with the aid of ISPs, all IP addresses can be
resolved to individual humans, (c) all humans take responsibility for
every use of their respective IP addresses, (d) that ISPs will be
cooperative in either punishing users or disclosing subscriber
information in response to unsubstantiated abuse claims, and (e) that
the potential to track ISP usage using this method will be sufficient to
eliminate the vast majority of impecunious vandals and discourage the
vast majority of irresolute vandals.
If these assumptions seem ridiculous to you, that's because they are.
Nonetheless, we are expected to consider them reasonable.  We have seen
many instances in which the emergence of Tor has exposed the fragility
of systems designed with poor assumptions.  A recurring problem arising
from the lack of periodic PING requests on the Freenode IRC network is
one example; recurring vandalism to Wikipedia as the result of its poor
assumptions is another.

@_date: 2005-09-27 21:32:14
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
In case it was not painfully obvious, I posted two very critical
messages about the policy of Wikipedia with respect to Tor nodes.  I
sent one of these messages in April and another just a few hours ago.
I apologize for my tone in these messages.  I contributed nothing
of constructive value, and if I accomplished anything it was only to
further polarize the community around the two perspectives.  I have
neither the intellect nor the disposition to be as level-headed about
this as I would like to be, but I will try.
I would like to make clear that what I intended to say was that as
a researcher in the area of Internet transport, I believe that Tor is a
crucial first step to achieving location-independence for Internet
peers.  I believe in location-independence to the extent that I would
like to see every host on the Internet have the ability to communicate
without revealing its network address.  Since my research specifically
revolves around using Tor to achieve location-independence, I tend to
become overly frustrated when the providers of vital Internet services
impose restrictions that may reduce support for Tor among developers and
the general public.
We ARE on the same side.  I don't think that anyone on this list would
question that Roger, Nick, and Jimbo have all worked hard to make the
world a better place, and that to a significant extent, their visions of
a better world have already been achieved as a result of their efforts.
In the absence of a better solution, I am glad that Wikipedia blocks Tor
nodes, since otherwise the world would quickly lose an important
resource (and Tor would be blamed).  In particular, the continued
success of the Wikipedia project depends upon articles being accurate
and unvandalized, and all potential threats to this goal may rightly be
considered suspect.  What worries me is that as of now we have not yet
ensured that users seeking location-independence would be able to edit
Wikipedia articles like everyone else.  I do not view the use of Tor as
a form of "lurking in shadows"; I think that it represents a happier
future in which the use of network-layer addresses to censor the
activity of Internet peers is difficult or impossible.
It is not necessary to build a user-authentication mechanism into Tor.
For example, any third party can build a proxy accessible via Tor that
provides authentication considered suitable by Wikipedia, and clients
can use that proxy when they want to edit Wikipedia articles.  A similar
approach that has been widely discussed was to build an authentication
mechanism into Wikipedia that would be used only for clients contacting
Wikipedia via hosts that would otherwise be filtered.
The problem with these two potential solutions is that we still do not
have a good idea of what kinds of authentication would actually work.
For example, it may be undesirable to use credit card numbers or
referrals from existing users.  Wikipedia seeks to achieve a certain
degree of openness and availability to contributors, and it would seem
that mechanisms that authenticate and verify pose a threat to this
openness and availability.
Might it be possible to come up with a list of technical desiderata for
a potential end-to-end Wikipedia access policy?  It is my feeling that
if we consider the requirements carefully, we will be able to devise a
solution that satisfies all of our constraints.

@_date: 2005-09-28 09:55:41
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: [roy@rant-central.com: Re: [jwales@wikia.com: Re: [roy@rant-central.com: Re: [arma@mit.edu: Re: Wikipedia & Tor]]]] 
I think that we can agree that there are short-term and long-term
solutions to this problem.  In the short-term, we can block Tor nodes by
routing address and develop special mechanisms to allow Tor users to
edit Wikipedia content anyway.  We can do this either via some sort of
indirection or via some sort of special change to Wikipedia itself,
working around the limitations in Mediawiki.  We can focus on the
short-term for now.
However, I think that most proponents of Tor believe that in the
long-term, Wikipedia should support location-independent users.  So we
need a plan going forward, and this plan should be sufficiently general
to apply to any location-independent users, not just users of Tor.  I
think that many of us hope that some day the Internet will be flat and
routing information will be useless in tracking identity or reputation.
This will be difficult to achieve, but it is certainly my hope.  As
such, I am loath to encourage the design of systems that require any
form of access control at the network layer, and I believe that the
right thing to do is avoid such temptation, even if software tools like
Mediawiki appear to be designed with network-layer access control in

@_date: 2006-04-24 13:09:03
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Wiki about usage of vservers still up to date? / What are descriptors? 
Everyone knows that CPU load, memory usage, and network throughput are
naturally limited on a per-host basis.  After all, a computer only has
so much of these resources to allocate.
However, our concern is program-specific restrictions on number of file
descriptors, number of network sockets, number of locks, number of file
descriptors, etc.  These resources too are provisioned, and server
operators sometimes do not know what to expect their actual needs to be.
Since these limitations are really meant to ensure that processes play
nicely with operating systems, rather than to ensure that processes do
not hog critical resources, it is easy to see why people might view
these limitations as "artificial."
I think that the only long-term solution to this is to encourage the
development and use of tools that monitor use of these resources, not
just CPU, memory, and bandwidth, on a per-process level.  Perhaps then
people will have a better idea of what their limitations actually are,
and how to request hosting more suitable for their individual

@_date: 2006-04-24 13:17:39
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: How to define DNS name? 
Hostname representation on the exit.pl page does not depend upon how
torrc is configured or what appears in the descriptor.  In fact, unless
addr=1 is specified, the script always reverse-resolves an address to
hostname and then also checks to determine whether the resulting
hostname forward-resolves to the original address.  If the condition is
met, then it will display the hostname.  Otherwise, it will display the
original IP address.

@_date: 2006-04-24 13:17:39
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: How to define DNS name? 
Hostname representation on the exit.pl page does not depend upon how
torrc is configured or what appears in the descriptor.  In fact, unless
addr=1 is specified, the script always reverse-resolves an address to
hostname and then also checks to determine whether the resulting
hostname forward-resolves to the original address.  If the condition is
met, then it will display the hostname.  Otherwise, it will display the
original IP address.

@_date: 2006-04-28 14:14:20
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Is three hops enough? (was Re: Tor client over a SOCKS proxy, and Tor client running through another Tor Circuit) 
Timing attacks are always possible in low-latency anonymity systems.
This is a theoretical limit; without increasing additional latency
(substantially degrading usability and thus the size of the anonymity
set) or adding cover traffic near the source (requiring sources to stay
connected for long periods of time, saturate their upstream link, starve
their other applications, and break the business model of their ISPs),
it is literally impossible to prevent an attacker from correlating the
timing of traffic close to the source with the timing of traffic close
to the destination.
That said, Tor does what it can to eliminate identifying characteristics
of the traffic; for example, it ensures that all cells are the same
The reason for three hops rather than two is that in the case of two
hops, an attacker in the vicinity of the source will be able to succeed
if he controls the second hop, or an attacker in the vicinity of the
destination will be able to succeed if he controls the first hop.  In
the case of three hops, an attacker in the vicinity of the first hop
will need to explicitly coordinate with an attacker in the vicinity of
the last hop in order to succeed.  Such coordination is a statistical
attack at this point; further increasing the number of hops provides no
qualitative advantage.
Good luck with the client.  Let us know if you manage to circumvent any
theoretical limitations.

@_date: 2006-08-27 21:55:37
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Holy shit I caught 1 
Before we start clamoring for patches, perhaps we should consider what
we have here.  It seems unlikely that '1' is a malicious Tor node, and
more likely that '1' has a malicious upstream ISP (perhaps influenced or
controlled by the government of China).
Tor is useful as an anonymity tool, but here we see that it can also be
used as a "Perspective Access Network", allowing us to view the world as
if we were connected to the Internet somewhere else.  In this case, we
can observe that a certain part of the Internet is "misbehaving",
specifically the ISP of '1'.
I think that there is significant value to allowing this use of Tor to
continue.  While we may not want random Tor users to have a chance of
automatically using '1' to connect to SSL-enabled resources, the ability
to determine who the "bad" ISPs are is remarkable.  Perhaps we can even
escalate this case to the appropriate authorities or media.
More on Perspective Access Networks:

@_date: 2006-12-17 22:25:54
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: More onions on TV: NUMB3RS this time 
"Charlie discovers that the killer is hiding his online location through
an onion routing scheme."
It would be nice if the beneficial aspects of onion routing received
some publicity as well...

@_date: 2006-12-03 23:35:41
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Psiphon (Was: Bootstraping Tor manually to get past the Great Firewall) 
The problem with saying "rather different from Tor users" is that it
conflates Tor technology and infrastructure with the particular use of
the Tor network that the Tor developers want to highlight.
It turns out that Tor is actually a general-purpose tool that can be
used to allow a multitude of different requirements.  Perhaps the two
uses most commonly cited by the Tor developers are anonymity from the
remote endpoint (so that the server (or client in the case of hidden
services) cannot tell who you are) and anonymity from the network (so
that network observers cannot tell who is talking to whom).
However, Tor can be used for other purposes as well.  For example,
consider the perspective access network, which can provide access to
services that might happen to be visible from some servers in the Tor
network, but not all.
Users might not necessarily care about anonymity; their primary
concern would be accessing (or providing access to) otherwise
inaccessible content or services.
Similarly, Tor can actually be used to implement Psiphon without
changing the Tor code base.  If my understanding is correct, a simple
web proxy front-end and some controller code would be all that is
It seems to me that creating a separate code base for Psiphon would be
redundant, not to mention ultimately dangerous by fragmenting the set of
available tools intended to achieve similar purposes, leading to
confusion and inconsistent or unexpected security properties.  I think
that many of the security properties desired by Tor and Psiphon are the

@_date: 2006-12-03 23:35:41
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Psiphon (Was: Bootstraping Tor manually to get past the Great Firewall) 
The problem with saying "rather different from Tor users" is that it
conflates Tor technology and infrastructure with the particular use of
the Tor network that the Tor developers want to highlight.
It turns out that Tor is actually a general-purpose tool that can be
used to allow a multitude of different requirements.  Perhaps the two
uses most commonly cited by the Tor developers are anonymity from the
remote endpoint (so that the server (or client in the case of hidden
services) cannot tell who you are) and anonymity from the network (so
that network observers cannot tell who is talking to whom).
However, Tor can be used for other purposes as well.  For example,
consider the perspective access network, which can provide access to
services that might happen to be visible from some servers in the Tor
network, but not all.
Users might not necessarily care about anonymity; their primary
concern would be accessing (or providing access to) otherwise
inaccessible content or services.
Similarly, Tor can actually be used to implement Psiphon without
changing the Tor code base.  If my understanding is correct, a simple
web proxy front-end and some controller code would be all that is
It seems to me that creating a separate code base for Psiphon would be
redundant, not to mention ultimately dangerous by fragmenting the set of
available tools intended to achieve similar purposes, leading to
confusion and inconsistent or unexpected security properties.  I think
that many of the security properties desired by Tor and Psiphon are the

@_date: 2006-12-03 23:44:14
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Psiphon (Was: Bootstraping Tor manually to get past the Great Firewall) 
Last I checked, I2P is a self-contained network that essentially uses a
technique similar to onion routing to provide access to
explicitly-established I2P services.  Thus, it might be thought of as
Tor-like system that allows access to hidden services but not to the
Internet at large.  I believe that the term used by the I2P authors for
systems (such as Tor) that provide anonymous access to existing Internet
services is "outproxy network."
More seriously, I2P is not well-documented.  It would be nice to learn
about its security properties, but I think that the Tor developers have
better things to do than reverse-engineer another system.
It is convenient to point the filesharing mavens to
I2P, but I am not convinced that there is a good argument for why I2P is
better than Tor for that purpose, at least at the level of actual code.
The purpose of the network and its preservation constitute another
story, however...

@_date: 2006-02-01 00:56:59
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: IDS bells ringing 
Oddly enough, the most serious abuse complaints against Tor (online
fraud, vandalism, defamatory speech, etc.) are all, technically
speaking, "normal use of the Internet" by this definition.

@_date: 2006-02-03 15:00:56
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Prioritizing from source ip? 
Sure, but you do if your node is the entry node, and perhaps this is
enough to get the desired effect.  (Note that I am not saying that this
is a good idea, either for an individual node or the network.)

@_date: 2006-02-10 10:08:25
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: [declan@well.com: [Politech] Lawsuit challenges law targeting Internet "annoyances" [fs]] 
I find myself worrying about the syntax of that sentence, and
specifically the verb to which the dependent clause "without disclosing
his identity..." binds.

@_date: 2006-01-12 11:02:37
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: migrating exit.pl from serifos:8000 to serifos:80 
In an effort to simplify and consolidate my computing infrastructure, I
am collapsing the two web servers running on serifos.eecs.harvard.edu
into a single web server.  Effective immediately,
serifos.eecs.harvard.edu:8000 is deprecated in favor of
serifos.eecs.harvard.edu:80.  Please migrate your links and automated
scripts for harvesting content on serifos.eecs.harvard.edu:8000.
In particular, the following URL:
is deprecated in favor of:
For now, both URLs work.  I plan to disable the server on port 8000 one
week from today, 19 Jaunary 2006.
Thank you for understanding, and I apologize for the inconvenience.

@_date: 2006-01-12 16:46:40
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: migrating exit.pl from serifos:8000 to serifos:80 
Yes, of course, and this is in fact what I am doing right now.  But
ultimately I want port 8000 to be free for other purposes, and I do not
want my dependency on port 8000 to become a permanent tombstone in my
system as the result of an historical decision.

@_date: 2006-01-12 23:31:47
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: using OzymanDNS to access Tor via DNS 
Since we have been discussing ways for people with limited Internet
access to make use of Tor, I decided to run a service on one of my hosts
that provides a free gateway to Tor via OzymanDNS.  I posted a web page
about it here:
Please check it out and send me comments.  Here is the overview:
Thanks to a nifty tool from Dan Kaminsky called OzymanDNS, we have
successfully constructed a gateway to the Tor network that allows an
arbitrary host to establish a secure connection to the Tor network even
if its upstream ISP filters all traffic except DNS requests. We provide
access to this gateway as a free service.
This means that if you and your laptop find yourselves in an environment
that forbids you from communicating with the Internet except to send and
receive DNS data, then you can still access network resources visible
via the Tor network. Performance is limited to a maximum of about 1.7
kB/s, which is comparable to the speed of a 14.4 kbps modem.

@_date: 2006-01-02 10:13:41
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: benchmarking a node 
Issuing "apt-get remove tor" will not delete the tor configuration and
data files, but it would probably be easiest for you to just apt-get
install or dpkg -i the stable version of tor, which will automatically
perform the downgrade for you.

@_date: 2006-07-10 12:56:13
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Finding my exit node 
Your question really has no answer, since the Tor circuit that you just
used five nanoseconds ago might have already been closed (or simply not selected)
by the time you use Tor to access a service to look up the exit node it
sees!  But, you can try this link:
Happy hacking,

@_date: 2006-07-10 13:08:51
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Finding my exit node 
Any HTTP request, or just HTTP requests to port 80?  Perhaps this web
page would work for you:

@_date: 2006-03-02 18:19:38
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: debug.log 
The "debug" setting is by far the most verbose.  Of course it will fill
your hard drive quickly!  If you want to run Tor for days, I recommend
choosing a less verbose option and not logging at level "debug" at all.

@_date: 2006-03-02 18:22:40
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: torcp problem 
If adding these two lines causes Tor to not work as a client (and die),
then at least one of these two lines contains a syntax error.  Please
send the two lines that you are using.

@_date: 2006-03-02 18:36:52
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: torcp problem 
You want that line to read
Nickname Eraserhead
Please let me know whether this solves your problem.

@_date: 2006-03-20 09:30:12
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Freegate creator Bill Xia attacked by Chinese agents!!! 
Hi Anothony,
This is really terrible news.  I just met Mr. Xia a few weeks ago, and
of course I am concerned for him.  I looked for it online briefly but
could not find anything.  Can you provide more specific information
about where you heard this information?

@_date: 2006-03-21 12:49:49
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Freegate creator Bill Xia attacked by Chinese agents!!! 
Bill Xia has not been attacked, and he suspects that this is the attack
that you saw on television.
 is the report.
 collected many later

@_date: 2006-03-22 13:42:49
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Hidden service question 
Right conclusion, incomplete reason.  Nodes with hidden services do get
to construct a Tor circuit to a rendezvous point, so they know that
point and may potentially have some control over the choice of that
point, but clients accessing hidden services also construct Tor circuits
to this rendezvous point, so provided that Tor works, neither party
learns the address of the other.
Indeed, this means that packets between a client and the hidden service
may traverse seven hosts, not just three.  Perhaps there are some
reasonable "middle ground" options:
- Server anonymity only: a way for clients to access hidden services by
just connecting directly to the rendezvous point (for situations in
which the client does not care about his/her own anonymity)
- Client anonymity only: a way for servers to advertise themselves
without anonymity (e.g. a web service running at for situations in which the service does not want anonymity per se but
wants people to connect via Tor, perhaps for the purpose of providing
consistent reachable service from behind a NAT / firewall / dynamic

@_date: 2006-03-22 14:25:13
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Hidden service question 
Right, but the server may opt to not build circuits to particular
rendezvous points, resulting in some degree of control over what those
points are.  (The point of my incompleteness was to avoid the details
associated with introduction points, but thank you for clarifying it.)
Ah, I was under the impression that it was symmetric (three hops to IP
and RP from both sides), and this clarifies why it need not be.
Indeed, I do mean rendezvous point... interesting that giving clients
control over rendezvous points was an effective attack in the past.  It
seems that with the architecture described above, clients should be able
to *be* RP, and therefore have a way of specifying that they do not want
client anonymity but just want to be able to access anonymous services.
Why not just use the router.exit syntax to refer to 'unhidden' services,
out of curiosity?  That approach seems to work already...

@_date: 2006-03-02 20:10:27
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: torcp problem 
ORPort is the port on which Tor listens for new OR connections (this is
the Tor data plane).
ControlPort is the port on which Tor listens for new controller
connections (e.g. connections from TorCP).
I believe that the socket accepting OR connections binds to 0.0.0.0 by
default, in which case it MUST NOT have the same value as ControlPort.
Also, the ControlPort specified in torrc MUST match what TorCP thinks
that it is.

@_date: 2006-03-05 18:33:13
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Policy Considerations for Choosing an ISP 
I am presently buidling a web page to catalogue the differences in
policy among various Internet Service Providers.
Consumers often consider factors such as traffic latency, peak data
rate, ease of setup, reliability, and cost when choosing Internet
Service Providers.  However, customers often overlook the vast
differences in policy among ISPs, and these
differences have a substantial effect on the end-user experience.  In
addition, the actual policy imposed by an ISP may not match what the ISP
advertises in its brochures or its formal policy statements.
I chose some policy metrics, listed a few examples of real-world ISPs,
and rated the ISPs according to the metrics.  Please take a look at the
page and let me know how it might be improved.
However, I personally do not know about very many ISPs, and I would like
to add entries for ISPs around the world.  If you are interested in
helping to make this list a bit more comprehensive, then please send me
mail reporting about your ISP!  Please include as many of the following
factors as you can:
- ISP name
- ISP URL
- ISP geographic coverage area
- numeric ratings for restrictions and sensitivity, as per the
  instructions on the page
- approximate monthly cost in USD for the service you describe
- upload / download peak capacity
- physical medium / anecdotes / remarks
I think that this page has the potential to become quite useful, since
cataloguing the important policy factors could some day create a
competitive market for policies that match customer interests!

@_date: 2006-03-05 18:37:48
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Policy Considerations for Choosing an ISP 
For the purpose of this page, colocation facilities count as well!  If
you send me mail about those, however, please make sure to explicitly
state the type of service.
Thanks again,

@_date: 2006-03-05 19:03:20
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Policy Considerations for Choosing an ISP 
How do you mean?  Is that not the same as "Subscriber Information"?

@_date: 2006-03-02 17:18:11
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: torcp problem 
I do not know anything about Windows or TorCP, but I think that this
question will be enlightening: does replacing the torrc file with the
original torrc restore Tor to working order?

@_date: 2006-03-02 17:18:11
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: torcp problem 
I do not know anything about Windows or TorCP, but I think that this
question will be enlightening: does replacing the torrc file with the
original torrc restore Tor to working order?

@_date: 2006-03-08 12:22:35
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: v0.1.1.12 vs v0.1.1.14a 
Presumably you are referring to 0.1.1.12-alpha and 0.1.1.14-alpha.
There is no known way in which 0.1.1.12-alpha is superior to
0.1.1.14-alpha.  You should choose 0.1.1.14-alpha unless you want to use
the stable version, in which case you should choose 0.1.0.17.  Note that
a release candidate for the 0.1.1.x series should be arriving shortly.

@_date: 2006-03-08 12:22:35
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: v0.1.1.12 vs v0.1.1.14a 
Presumably you are referring to 0.1.1.12-alpha and 0.1.1.14-alpha.
There is no known way in which 0.1.1.12-alpha is superior to
0.1.1.14-alpha.  You should choose 0.1.1.14-alpha unless you want to use
the stable version, in which case you should choose 0.1.0.17.  Note that
a release candidate for the 0.1.1.x series should be arriving shortly.

@_date: 2006-05-10 07:23:05
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: TorPark mentioned on BoingBoing 
The objection is that providing a link is not enough!  Roger may decide
to release Tor under a license that does not require him to provide
source.  Roger may stop providing Tor entirely.  The site may crash,
change location, or creash.  The site may be inaccessible to users
accessing your site as the result of filtering.  Most importantly, Roger
WILL change the source code in later versions of Tor, such that the code
available from that link is insufficient to compile the Tor that you
provide.  The list of reasons goes on and on.  You must re-publish the
source; providing a link, though easier, is insufficient to satisfy your
GPL burden.

@_date: 2006-05-10 07:24:07
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: TorPark mentioned on BoingBoing 
I don't know what 'creash' is, but it sounds really bad. :)

@_date: 2006-10-06 21:12:00
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell via Treo 650 
@_subject: Determining currentexit node w/o vidalia 
First of all,  at any given time, Tor maintains several circuits, with several exit nodes.  You can use a tool like Blossom to browse your current list of open circuits.
Sent with ChatterEmail
True push email for the Treo Smartphone
-----Original Message-----
How do I determine what the exit node is in my Tor client's current
selection without using Vidalia? (I haven't gotten around to compiling it.)
 - Tim McCormack

@_date: 2007-12-31 12:55:26
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Lefkada authority missing certs 
Is this still a problem?  I accidentally used the wrong torrc briefly
yesterday afternoon.

@_date: 2007-01-27 08:30:24
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: tor and p2p 
"Ever" is a strong word.  I agree in the context of the next few years,
but I doubt that this is the case in general:
1. Demand for P2P filesharing is not infinite.
2. The perceived marginal benefit of additional bandwidth decreases as
bandwidth increases.  Once the underlying transport is fast enough (bear
in mind that the core of the Internet is overprovisioned), the
additional cost of onion routing may become tolerable.

@_date: 2007-01-02 21:58:05
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: dietzzoo blocking popups for us? :) 
It would be interesting to compare dietzzoo to other Comcast Tor nodes.
Although there are no other nodes presently on NJ-SOUTH-2, it might be
possible to get a better sense of whether Comcast is responsible.

@_date: 2007-03-04 11:25:30
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: exit node back to user 
A subtle but important clarification: the term "entry node" refers to
the first node in a circuit.  Your Tor client, which listens on
localhost, is not an "entry node"; it is not one of the three Tor
routers in the circuit.  However, your Tor client does represent the
endpoint of the circuit, and the connection between your client and the
first node in the circuit is encrypted.
In most cases this is equivalent to your local computer being
compromised, in which case of course all bets about security are off.
In particular, in Tor, the traffic flowing from the exit node to the
user has always used the same circuit as the traffic flowing from the
user to the exit node.  Note that this is somewhat different from the
first-cut onion router design.

@_date: 2008-04-05 08:09:58
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Firefox sends your uptime 
Even sending the current system time is somewhat troublesome, since
small inaccuracies may be likely to remain relatively constant over long
periods, allowing an attacker to observe, for example, which machine is
twenty seconds slow.  Not sure about to what extent running NTP
ameliorates this.

@_date: 2008-04-05 08:09:58
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Firefox sends your uptime 
Even sending the current system time is somewhat troublesome, since
small inaccuracies may be likely to remain relatively constant over long
periods, allowing an attacker to observe, for example, which machine is
twenty seconds slow.  Not sure about to what extent running NTP
ameliorates this.

@_date: 2008-12-06 09:18:27
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: [python] __LeaveStreamsUnattached 
You may also want to look at blossom.py, which provides an example of
control of Tor circuits using multiple threads.
It may be a bit out-of-date.

@_date: 2008-06-08 14:21:14
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Phish filters on exit nodes 
It sounds to me that either the exit node or its provider has decided to
be proactive about phishing by deploying filtering technology either at
the edge or in the network, respectively.
While it is great that they have decided to fight phishing, it is
somewhat troubling that they would mess with network neutrality by
providing filtered access (if it is the exit node, then to the Tor
users, if it is the Internet access provider of the exit node, then to
its customers).
It might be interesting to coordinate with the exit node operator; some
Tor routers have email addresses in their descriptors.  See, e.g.:
and click on the nicknames of the nodes to see the descriptors.
A more general solution would be to try to understand how the service
offered by different exit nodes actually differs.  This could
potentially lead to a way in which Tor clients could make smarter
choices about their exit nodes... or perhaps a way in which Tor
directory authorities could tag them.

@_date: 2008-06-09 00:26:23
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Phish filters on exit nodes 
The exit node is the last one in each circuit.
What frightens me more is that you told us your entry guards, which tend
not to change (though people watching you will be able to observe these
over time...)
cassandra did not crash; perhaps it was just slow or you had a problem
on your end?

@_date: 2008-06-28 21:42:35
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: icann opening up of tld's 
My understanding is that ICANN will not start taking applications until
next year anyway.  Supposedly the cost of a gTLD will be in the USD
$100k+ range.
I think that the central question for Tor at this moment is the tradeoff
between the long-term value of purchasing a gTLD and the long-term value
of spending the USD $100k on Tor development.  Given the amount of Tor
development work that needs to be done, I am inclined to think that Tor
should not spend its money this way.  Perhaps some nice fellow will
donate a gTLD instead.

@_date: 2008-06-08 14:21:14
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Phish filters on exit nodes 
It sounds to me that either the exit node or its provider has decided to
be proactive about phishing by deploying filtering technology either at
the edge or in the network, respectively.
While it is great that they have decided to fight phishing, it is
somewhat troubling that they would mess with network neutrality by
providing filtered access (if it is the exit node, then to the Tor
users, if it is the Internet access provider of the exit node, then to
its customers).
It might be interesting to coordinate with the exit node operator; some
Tor routers have email addresses in their descriptors.  See, e.g.:
and click on the nicknames of the nodes to see the descriptors.
A more general solution would be to try to understand how the service
offered by different exit nodes actually differs.  This could
potentially lead to a way in which Tor clients could make smarter
choices about their exit nodes... or perhaps a way in which Tor
directory authorities could tag them.

@_date: 2008-05-18 18:46:41
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: lots of DMCA request's... (1/day) 
The comment from caker is important:
"Eventually, we'd run tired of handling these and ask you to knock it
Linode staff are exercising discretion in determining which
circumstances warrant threatening their customers with disconnection.
There is no refinable, repeatable way for a customer to know whether her
deployment of a Tor exit node is acceptable to Linode or not -- that
decision rests squarely with Linode on a case-by-case basis.
Unchecked discretion offers an opportunity for discrimination.  Who is to
say that some customers running Tor nodes will not cause Linode admins to
"run tired" sooner than others for reasons entirely unrelated to the
activity of their exit nodes?
What is not clear is why Linode staffers want to take on such
responsibility -- do they really want to be in a position of judging
what constitutes acceptable behavior and what does not, any more than is
necessary to satisfy legal requirements and fairness issues with respect
to network performance?

@_date: 2008-05-19 19:13:45
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: lots of DMCA request's... (1/day) 
[many interesting points cut]
I think that we need to take a step back and understand more about the
complaints being served to ISPs.
1. Some are clearly DMCA takedown notices.  Are these the vast majority?
What other kinds of abuse notices are served to Tor exit node operators,
with what frequency and in what proportions?
2. To what extent are ISPs legally bound to respond to the various
different kinds of notices?  For each of the various kinds of abuse
complaints, surely some ISPs will say "this is an anonymizing relay, go
away", while others will engage in an expensive investigation process,
and still others will just shut down their customers without further
questions.  ISP staffers and counsel might not like the idea of being
served legal requests, but it is critical that we understand the extent
to which they are legally bound to respond, and the space of potential
responses.  If the points in this document [1] do not provide a simple,
consistent, effective way for ISPs to respond without significant
thought, then the document should be amended -- but it is not clear to
me that ISPs are significantly burdened by abuse complaints in the
general case.  I would like to see evidence to the contrary.
[1]

@_date: 2008-05-06 08:40:34
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Spoofing location - possible? 
What you are looking for is a "Perspective Access Network" -- an overlay
network that allows you to choose the perspective from which you want to
access Internet services.
Tor allows controllers such as Vidalia to determine exactly how circuits
are built and which TCP streams are attached.  However, to our knowledge
nothing that gives you what you want in a useful way actually exists at
this point.
Fortunately, there is a project in the Vidalia project pipeline to build
perspective choices (such as choosing the country in which you want your
exit node to reside).  Matt Edman and Camilo Viecco know more about

@_date: 2008-05-06 16:22:16
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Spoofing location - possible? 
The Vidalia work is not the same as Blossom, but it addresses the aspect
of Blossom that (I think) you are interested to use.
Perhaps Matt Edman and Camilo Viecco can explain more.
