
@_date: 2012-11-16 14:31:47
@_author: Sathyanarayanan Gunasekaran 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Free and Open Source Software internships for women 
Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) is software that gives the user
the freedom to use, copy, study, change, and improve it. FOSS
contributors believe that this is the best way to develop software
because it benefits society, creates a fun collaborative community
around a project, and allows anyone to make innovative changes that
reach many people.
In an effort to get more women involved in FOSS, a number of
organizations are offering Outreach Program for Women internships from
January 2 to April 2, 2013. The application deadline is December 3,
2012. The applicants need to get in touch with individual projects
they are interested in working on and make a small contribution ahead
of the application deadline.
Participants will work remotely from home, while getting guidance from
an assigned mentor and collaborating within their project?s team and
the rest of the FOSS community. The projects include software
development, system administration, web development, user experience
design, graphic design, documentation, and marketing. The stipend for
the program is $5,000 (USD). Any woman available for a full time
internship who has not previously participated in the Outreach Program
for Women or Google Summer of Code is welcome to apply. College women
from the Southern Hemisphere who will have a school summer break
during most of this time are particularly encouraged to apply.
Please visit to learn more and apply.

@_date: 2013-03-12 18:01:32
@_author: Sathyanarayanan Gunasekaran 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Compass UI tweaks 
Yes. They're not defaults. They're just placeholder values. What do you
think would be a good default for CC, FP or AS? I can't pick good
defaults for these.
As I said, I don't want to choose defaults for CC, FP or AS.
Placeholders are the "web development" equivalent of examples.
This feels like feature creep. But I've had to look up CC values
multiple times myself so this wouldn't be bad thing to add. Please
file a ticket for this.
