
@_date: 2004-12-02 01:37:18
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: how to autostart tor on osx? 
Thanks for the file. I have been testing it two machines running
10.3.6 and have yet to make it work. The console message from the
startup file appears but yet it actually fails to start at all. I'm
not sure why it isn't working and have checked over file locations
etc. and all seems that it should be fine and working but alas it
What OS version have you been using this on?

@_date: 2004-12-05 16:12:02
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: how to autostart tor on osx? 
Anthony thanks for your idea on adding it to the user account
loginwindow.plist, that does work albeit the annoying term window...
Maybe Hedki and I can get something worked out. It sounds like he has
his StartupItem working in his tests. Now if I coul dmake it work ;)
If you have some time check it out:
As for and osx packages for tor and mixminion. I think making package
installers for both of these is a great idea and makes it easier for
users to access these privacy technologies and actually use them.

@_date: 2004-12-08 15:42:45
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: torifyHOWTO wiki updated 
I updated the ( wiki
 ) with
instructions for one method of using ssh via tor using connect.c
I've tested this out on Mac OSX 10.3.x although it should work on any
*nix system.
Thanks to "a tor user" for the help in figuring it all out...
Thomas Hardly

@_date: 2004-12-04 23:51:22
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: how to autostart tor on osx? 
Thanks for the suggestions. I have the directory and script named
correctly. As I mentioned the console message "Starting Tor Service"
appears in my syslog every startup.
I tried running the startup script it in the shell as you suggested
and as you can see below it is choking on the last line of the script
with the command:        RunService "$1"
sandbox:~ hard-mac$ sudo /Library/StartupItems/Tor/Tor

@_date: 2004-11-29 23:21:55
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: some tor questions 
When listing several exit nodes in addition to the option
StrictExitNodes in the torrc conf, will tor choose the first available
server from the list and always use it or rotate servers?
I have been trying to figure out how to set up tor for forwarding a
ssh connections through it?
Does anyone have any links to info on setting up ssh tunneling through
tor on osx?

@_date: 2004-11-30 14:45:19
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: exit nodes WAS Re: some tor questions 
Thanks for the info Nick.
I have yet to see it rotate at all under tor 0.0.9rc4. I have seen it
jump the first listed server if it is noty available but I've never
seen it use anything other than the second server of the five I have
I will try some other configurations and servers and see if anything changes.

@_date: 2004-11-30 14:54:03
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: how to autostart tor on osx? 
I've been testing tor and privoxy on osx systems and am looking for a
method to have it autostart at system startup.
I've tried adding it to the end of the privoxy StartupItem as:
    but this doesn't seem to work.
I've created a stand alone StartupItem for tor, making it run Last at
startup and that still doesn't seem to work. Anyone have any
Thomas Hardly

@_date: 2004-11-30 15:13:33
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: exit nodes WAS Re: some tor questions 
It seems to be working upon adding some different servers. I think my
problem may have been using some middle only tor servers in my exit
node list.
How can I tell from the directroy sources (or elsewhere) which servers
are middle only?

@_date: 2005-12-01 13:11:35
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: Setting up a Hidden Service on Mac OS X 
Well its that time again when I am trying to set up a hidden client on
an OS X box. Tried many months ago and gave up.....
I think I'm possibly running into permission problems?
Wondering if anyone has had any success setting up a tor hidden
service on a Mac system?
     ..o:   It's 12 o'clock - do you know where your data is?   :o...

@_date: 2005-12-03 15:07:34
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: Setting up a Hidden Service on Mac OS X 
Thanks circut & phobos,
It's not a startup issue from what I can tell. The tor process is starting.
I think it is possibly a problem writing files to the directories
ceated by the tor installed?
I'll try with a fresh system install and get back with some more info.
     ..o:   It's 12 o'clock - do you know where your data is?   :o...

@_date: 2005-01-08 20:48:35
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: Please verify our OS X installer instructions 
It is only the install of privoxy that requires a restart. If you
install just tor it will not need to restart and installer will not
make you restart.

@_date: 2005-05-24 22:23:37
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: OSX Tor 0.1.0.8-rc Bundle installs items in StartupItems folder when I choose not to... 
Finally got around to installing the OSX Tor 0.1.0.8-rc Bundle. I
selected "Customize" for the install and chose to install Tor only and
nothing else.  The installer installed a Tor directory inside of
contained the text: "//Library/Tor"
While this is not a valid StartupItem, I didnt choose to install any
StartupItem's. It shouldnt be installing anything in that directory.

@_date: 2005-11-08 13:13:03
@_author: Thomas Hardly 
@_subject: Hacker strikes through student's router 
Hacker strikes through student's router
Alex Clerc
Earlier this week, a hacker infiltrated the website of a company in
France, defacing the site and using it to send vulgar emails. The
hacker was not a Rose-Hulman student. But through a router maintained
by a Rose-Hulman student, the hacker was able to do this anonymously.
The student, senior computer science major David Yip, was maintaining
a router on his computer called a Tor onion router. What Tor basically
does is enable anonymous communications over the internet. Yip
downloaded and installed Tor on his computer about two months ago. His
machine became a Tor exit node on September 4, 2005.
Early Thursday morning, the French company traced the hacker back to
Yip's computer and contacted IAIT. IAIT took action by freezing Yip's
Kerberos account; he is unable to access the Internet, email, Angel,
or Banner. His case will be considered by the Computer Use Committee
and a recommendation will be made to Pete Gustafson, the Dean of
Students if disciplinary action is deemed appropriate. Staff members
at IAIT were unwilling to comment on the circumstances, as was
In an interview, Yip made it clear that he read the policy for
responsible use of Rose-Hulman computing facilities and took the "due
diligence" it demands for students setting up networks. As a
precaution against people using his machine for malicious activity,
Yip disabled the ability to send mail, use peer-to-peer programs, and
use internet relay chat (IRC). He also limited the transfer quota to
800 megabytes per day.
"The services I left open are generally considered to be benign," he
said. Yip stated that he saw nothing specifically banning Tor nodes in
the Rose-Hulman internet policy.
Yip does not know who has been using his Tor node or what it has been
used for. "That's the point," he said. "Being able to communicate
anonymously is very important. I feel there are certain ideas in
certain contexts that cannot be expressed unless they are expressed
"I also find [Tor] interesting from a research standpoint. It's a neat
research project," Yip added.
Tor was originally developed by the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory and
has been facilitated by the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) for
the last year and a half. According to Fred von Lohmann, a staff
attorney at the EFF, Yip's case is the first case ever involving
potential disciplinary action for the use of Tor. "If this is
something that was done by a third party, the student shouldn't be
held responsible," he said.
Assistant Professor of Computer Science Larry Merkle disagreed: "I can
definitely see there being a case against [Yip] because he used
bandwidth for non-academic purposes." Merkle added, "? but I know
[Yip] fairly well and I don't think he had any malicious intentions."
What Tor enables ? anonymous online communications ? raises ethical
questions that are yet to be settled. By allowing anonymous
communications to anyone, it offers equal protection to both good and
bad users.
Van Lohmann said, "Before we start questioning the right to anonymous
speech, we need to ask if the [French] website's security had a flaw."
Professor of Computer Science David Mutchler added, "I think anonymous
communication over the Internet is critical. There are many places in
the world where free speech is not protected. Anonymous communication
allows that free speech to exist."
On its website, the EFF lists many beneficial applications of Tor,
including socially sensitive communications (such as chat rooms for
victims of rape, abuse, or illnesses) and journalistic communications
with whistleblowers and dissidents. Law enforcement groups can use Tor
for data sting operations and the U.S. Navy uses it for open source
intelligence gathering.
Merkle warned, "The [EFF] makes a good case for the reasons to use it,
but completely ignores the reasons why providing it might be bad for
Situations involving improper Internet use are usually first detected
by IAIT and then passed to Student Affairs. If an expert opinion is
needed, the case is presented to the Computer Use Committee. Pete
Gustafson makes the final decision.
The last incident in which the Computer Use Committee was consulted
was a case in the '03-'04 school year. The case involved a student
hacking in to the computer of an employee of the admissions office.
The student then attempted to send an all campus email claiming that
one of the Olsen twins decided to attend Rose-Hulman. The Computer Use
Committee recommended that the student be suspended; Pete Gustafson
followed through on this recommendation.
"The single best thing that can come of this," concluded Mutchler,
"would be if students read the policy at
 and discuss with faculty
and administration any parts of the policy that they think are not
     ..o:   It's 12 o'clock - do you know where your data is?   :o...
