
@_date: 2014-12-12 10:19:33
@_author: haris@arxaios.net 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor browser plugins 
Hello ,  I am using tor browser for a quite some time now...I have this problem
if you can help.! I am trying to install /upload an external plugin but I cannot make it
work. I do not know the folder of the tor browser to put the dll files
to make tor browser to see this plugin. The name of this plugin cannot
be found in the regular data base of firefox. I am running windows base
Operating Systems.I tried to make the folder "plugins" myself but no
luck ... Any suggestions ?? I have all the necessary dll files for this plugin. I know about security but I need to use the tor browser to see my DVR
remotely. Thank you for your time. Arxaios. P.S. I tried both google and startpage but no luck so far. Thank you.

@_date: 2014-12-29 11:12:50
@_author: Arxaios 
@_subject: [tor-talk] All I Want For X-mas: TorPhone 
I know this because I am a Greek , but you cannot mix Greek Letters
which obviously you do not have a clue what they mean, with English
words. Ether you write full words in Greek or in English , and do not
mix BECAUSE THEY DO NOT MIX TOGETHER. The Greek language is the most
encrypted language in the word with millions of combinations and
meanings .! Not my words only , but a lot of programmers + developers in
various computer companies. Anyway ..about tor phone now... Do YOU really believe that there is an
anonymity in the tor network?? because if you think so , then you are
mistaken badly. Everything and I mean EVERYTHING are monitored by the
people behind the "scenes" as I call them. All the phone calls , emails
and every information is monitored by the "SYSTEM" and of course they
file you , knowing everything about you. They will never let anything
like tor-phone unattached no matter what encryption it will use. If you do not believe the above , then ask yourself this simple question
: The people who will design the encrypted protocols will also leave
some "back doors" open as a safety. The first rule is not to build
something "closed" because if something goes wrong you will not have
access to it to fix it. Simple as that. So the big question is : how
safe do you think you are??" Arxaios. ???? 2014-12-26 09:19, Virgil Griffith ??????:

@_date: 2015-01-01 17:03:29
@_author: Arxaios 
@_subject: [tor-talk] All I Want For X-mas: TorPhone 
Dear Sir ,  The first rule , is not my rule at all, is never never been broken for
a lot of years now because this rule gives hackers "the freedom" to test
things. So if you are a programmer you would understand what I am
talking about. Everything is made with this rule ...protocols , programs
electronic devices and so on..!!! Is not a science fiction nor Orwell .! It is the truth believe it or
not. The INTERNET what matter you do you rely on already build-ed
foundations. Do the math... i am not going to argue on this because it
is pointless. No system on earth is secure enough by individual needs. Even if you
have the actual code then it is running on a pre-build Operating System
which is already compromised. If that is not enough . the hardware you
are using has hardware in-printed commands which you do not know what
they do ...!! My point is : NOTHING IS SECURE. Happy New year. Arxaios. ???? 2014-12-31 16:31, spencerone at openmailbox.org ??????: , then ask yourself this simple question : The people who will design the encrypted protocols will also leave some "back doors" open as a safety. The first rule is not to build something "closed" because if something goes wrong you will not have access to it to fix it. Simple as that. So the big question is : how safe do you think you are??" Arxaios.
