
@_date: 2014-09-03 22:14:05
@_author: Herbert 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Dropping Tor Browser support for Mac OSX 10.6? 
if you're releasing a paid product which depends on torbrowser running on 10.6, are you willing to donate for 10.6 support maintenance?
as a developer you might be aware of the caveats when supporting 32 and 64 bit versions. apart from not having to write hundreds of  testing 50% less configurations also makes a difference when it comes to quality, when you have very limited ressources.
i'd rather see the tor dev team working on a better tor, than on supporting outdated os, seen security wise.
and this is what the majority of tor community members demand: more security.
just my 2c
Am 03.09.2014 um 17:08 schrieb Tor Talker :
[Short answer]
As an individual user, I don't need Tor on Mac OS 10.6, but as a developer of a soon to be released Tor-dependent project I would like to see support continue.
[Long answer]
We are developing a system called HideMeta that relies on Tor and other proven security components to encrypt and anonymize communications.  We are packaging the system as interpreted source code so there is no need to trust binary executables.  Anyone can inspect the code they are actually running to verify it does what we claim.  Therefore, we rely on Tor support for the operating systems on which we run.
If the Tor project abandons OS X 10.6 (which a significant number of users are stuck with due to lack 64-bit processors or the need for features like Rosetta), we will either have to advise against using Hidemeta or installing an outdated Tor.  In the face of pervasive, network-wide eavesdropping, our system gains strength with the number of active users.  Our view is that even on an insecure OS, HideMeta users are still increasing their personal privacy, making pervasive surveillance less effective, and increasing the security of whistle blowers, journalists, dissidents, and others who legitimately need strong privacy and, hopefully, use hardened operating systems.  For us, supporting a widely used OS like 10.6 is a good thing, even if it has been deprecated.
I'll also note that we do not need the Tor Browser.  Availability of a standalone Tor executable for OS X would be better for us.
