
@_date: 2004-12-03 00:06:29
@_author: Hugo Schmidt 
@_subject: Using Tor with BitTorrent 
Hi Paul,
thanks for your quick answer, I couldn't answer so quick, had not much time
recently. I read some stuff about BitTorrent protocol and the Azureus
documentation now, and I guess a few things became clear now.
So you say, as I am only outward connected, nobody can connect to me, but I
can upload to clients I am connected with. So in my understanding I should
be completely anonym with these bi-directional down-/uploads, as long as I
restrict the program to only connect via Tor, right?
I re-installed Azureus now, and with help of the documentation I finally
made it work now. No outgoing connection anymore, all the traffic goes
through Tor and even the "...application is giving Tor only IP adress..."
failure is gone. But I thought about the problem, that nobody can connect to me. What if I
would make a connection to a Tor outproxy and this outproxy would offer me a
listinig port to which clients can connect to me. Then all data could be
send over the already existing connection. Wouldn't that be a possible
solution. Or maybe there is some sort of an external service to which I
could connect via Tor and which then provides me that port. What do you
Besides: The "[warn] conn_read(): Unhandled error on read for OR
connection (fd368); removing" problem is gone since I de-installed some
programs, but I still have that problem saying: "[warn] circuit_log_path():
circ (length 3, exit randomtrash):solid(open) cannabis(open)
randomtrash(open)" if anybody could help

@_date: 2004-11-30 23:15:17
@_author: Hugo Schmidt 
@_subject: Using Tor with BitTorrent 
I'm not very experienced in using tor and I tried to get the Azureus client
working with Tor under WindowsXP as it is described on their Homepage. It
didn't work, my Firewall always blocked an outgoing connection which the
client wanted to make.
So I tried a different Client: "BitSpirit". It also has a proxy
configuration but not so many options concerning trackers and stuff. After
putting in Tor as a Socks 5 proxy it actually started downloading quite
well. As I could see in my Firewall there were no attempts for outgoing
connections, everything goes trough Tor.
Now some things I'm wondering about:
I read the "Tor, Socks bind, and BitTorrent" mailing list thread from
October 04 and there it says, that only outbound traffic is possible, but my
upload works fine!?
It also says, that "listen for connections" will expose me. I don't really
know what this option means, but my upload isn't influenced at all by
checking or unchecking it and traffic still all goes trough Tor
So could I expect to be anonym with this configuration or not?
I also experienced some other problems:
1. I always get this "...application is giving Tor only IP adress..." warn
with different apps including Bitspirit, even if these apps provide a
"resolve names remotely" option. But most apps are working anyway (like
2. Regardless which program I use, even while browsing the internet, I get
this message: "[warn] circuit_log_path(): circ (length 3, exit randomtrash):
solid(open) cannabis(open) randomtrash(open)"
3. A new error appeared (maybe since I installed 0.0.9rc4, I don't really
know anymore): "[warn] conn_read(): Unhandled error on read for OR
connection (fd368); removing"
I know, a lot of questions, but I would really be glad to get some answers.
