
@_date: 2009-08-21 09:25:15
@_author: Sadece Gercekler 
@_subject: Javascript security question 
I know that enabling javascript is insecure. But my question is specific to gmail, google reader, yahoo mail, and blogger.com. These are the sites I'm mainly accessing.
Do you think enabling javascript for these sites can be OK?

@_date: 2009-08-21 13:39:47
@_author: Sadece Gercekler 
@_subject: Javascript security question 
Thanks everybody for the explanation.
So the exit node I'm using can be Evil and there is no way I can know this. If so, is it wise to use the Tor network even with javascript disabled?

@_date: 2009-08-22 09:16:59
@_author: Sadece Gercekler 
@_subject: Making sure that I'm secured 
I'm using the Tor+Firofox browser bundle downloaded at torproject.org. I setup a virtual Windows XP machine under my normal OS (using VMWare) and I'm doing all my private browsing under that machine.
I need to use an rss reader, but can't use a web based one (like google reader) since I have javascript disabled.
I decided to use an application (like sharpreader) for rss, I configured it to use the Tor proxy and it seems to be using it (since it fails to connect when I stop Tor). But I want to be %100 sure it doesn't make any direct connections.
Do you have any suggestions to make sure that nothing escapes outside except Tor itself? Is there any way to close all outgoing ports except for Tor under Windows XP Pro?

@_date: 2009-08-25 13:37:52
@_author: Sadece Gercekler 
@_subject: Something that I don't understand about privoxy 
I first installed the Tor+browser bundle (the one packaged as a portable installation) it worked perfectly, I could see the little green Tor icon in the notification area (only the Tor icon). I used yahoo mailI with javascript enabled and had no problems.
Then I decided to delete everything and install Firefox + installation bundle for Windows. Now Tor works OK again, but I now have the Privoxy icon in the notification area. Yahoo mail is now broken. To get yahoo mail work as before I have to right click the privoxy icon and unckeck the Enable option.
So here are my questions:
First of all, if privoxy is needed for security, why wasn't it there with the former package?
Did I compromise security when I used without the blue Privoxy icon?
Do I compromise security when I use with the Enable option unchecked?
Thanks for all the help.

@_date: 2009-08-25 14:53:17
@_author: Sadece Gercekler 
@_subject: Something that I don't understand about privoxy 
Thanks very much for the explanation.
This means when I uncheck the Enable option of Privoxy, I turn off filtering, but the proxy stays. And my current Firefox 3.5.2 + Tor + Privoxy with no filter configuration its not less safe than the polipo configuration in the Tor browser bundle.
I hope I understood right.
 > So here are my questions: First of all, if privoxy is needed for
The Tor Browser Bundle, aka the portable bundle, doesn't include
Privoxy.? It includes Polipo instead.? Polipo and Privoxy serve
different purposes.
Privoxy and Polipo can both filter content at the proxy, before it
reaches your web browser.? In the Tor Browser Bundle, Polipo is
configured without filtering and without disk cache.? Polipo caches
objects in ram, and generally is used to speed up browsing the Internet
via Tor.? We use Polipo as a way to get around the Firefox bugs with
SOCKS proxies.? Using Firefox 3.0 and earlier with Tor directly can be a
very slow experience, due to hard-coded timeouts in Firefox.? Firefox
3.5.x may or may not fix the SOCKS issues enough to let us remove the
http proxy.
People install the Vidalia bundle so they can use their favorite web
browser (for good or for bad) with Tor and Privoxy.? At the time the
Vidalia bundle was created, Opera, IE, Safari, and other browsers lacked
the ability to filter content via plugins.? Privoxy fulfills this role.
 This situation isn't so much the case today, but we continue to ship
Privoxy because no one has come up with a better browser or
configuration.? And Firefox still has bugs with SOCKS proxies.
Torora and TorFox may be the future, where Torbutton's anonymity and
privacy protections are built into the browser; and they are faster at
interfacing with Tor directly.? This removes the need for a http proxy
between the browser and Tor.? However, research and development
continues on both browsers.

@_date: 2009-08-28 20:15:38
@_author: Sadece Gercekler 
@_subject: Sorry, your'e not using Tor after a while 
I have the habit to use go to torproject.org periodically to  double check if I'm still using Tor. Today it said "Sorry, your'e not using Tor" but the IP shown as my appeared ip address was not my real public ip. So it seems my ip address wasn't hopefully compromised.
Tor was running (green icon in bottom right) and vidalia was showing Tor active.
Can you tell what's going on? Do I have to worry?
