
@_date: 2010-03-01 15:04:39
@_author: Irratar 
@_subject: Torlock - a simple script to prevent outgoing packets from bypassing  
I have created a simple Bash script to prevent any data from bypassing Tor
when Tor is running. I started it to use just for myself, but now I think
it will be better to share it with other users of Tor.
This script, named Torlock, does the following things when used to start Tor:
- Creates a special user named torlock by default (if you run it first time
 or have removed that user after previous Tor session).
- Uses Iptables to block network access for everyone except for torlock.
- Setuids to torlock and starts Tor. Tor will be started in background mode,
 and its output redirected to a file.
When used to stop Tor, it stops Tor, unlocks network access, and (optionally)
removes torlock user.
More information is in included text file. Even more can be obtained by reading
the script. It is small, simple, and easy to make sure it's not
backdoored. The script can be downloaded from Sourceforge:
Inspite of its simplicity, Torlock saved me at least twice when I forgot to
switch Torbutton on.
With best regards,
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-03-09 09:15:39
@_author: Irratar 
@_subject: FF updates and add-ons and others minor problems 
I encountered the same problem earlier. To disable upgrading Firefox
while working via Tor, I installed the Torbutton plugin, then
activated "Disable plugins during Tor usage" switch. Inspite of that
flag isn't marked as important, I feel more secure when it's turned
2010/3/5, zzzjethro666 at email2me.net :
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-03-09 09:17:13
@_author: Irratar 
@_subject: FF updates and add-ons and others minor problems 
Sorry! Of course, I wanted to write "Disable UPDATES during Tor usage"
2010/3/9, Irratar :
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-10-22 13:27:56
@_author: Irratar 
@_subject: Firefox Problem 
I use Firefox with Torbutton addon over Tor for anonymous surfing. It
works well the most time, but sometimes I encounter a problem. When
Tor network is heavy loaded, Firefox aborts connection because of
'proxy server takes too long for respond', despite the target host is
online, and connection succeeds after some attempts. I tried to
increase socks connection timeout on Firefox but with no luck. Anyone
know what of Firefox configuration parameters is responsible for Tor
connection timeout?
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2011-02-18 11:09:23
@_author: Irratar 
@_subject: Undeletable cookies 
I have just found a site that can recognize me when I re-accessed it
after I deleted all private data, toggled Torbutton and restarted Tor.
Of course, it isn't a Tor problem, but I think it's better to know for
these who are interested in privacy. many sites may use the same
technology stealthy. I will try to discover more about how does it
keep my private information. So far this site seems to forgets me when
I disable JavaScript, but maybe it just can't display the proper
P.S. This site was mentioned in or-talk earlier, but that message was
written in an unfamiliar language, so I decided to write it.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
