
@_date: 2017-02-20 10:57:41
@_author: Ivan Vilata-i-Balaguer 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Building a new censorship circumvention tool: what do we 
Dear Tor fellows,
At eQualit.ie we're beginning a project to develop a new Free/Open
Source censorship circumvention system based around the idea of our
original [CeNo project]( a system
which uses the Freenet P2P platform to retrieve web content and make it
safely available under censorship conditions.  We're keen to evaluate
existing options, projects, technologies and approaches so we're
conducting something of a literature review.
With this purpose, we're reaching out to people involved in similar or
related projects.  We'd love to hear what you think is the current state
of the art in this area, and particularly about technologies you'd
describe as trustworthy, reliable and established.  In particular, we're
looking for tools that have one or more of the following properties:
  1. Content is available under censorship conditions, ideally even
     after connection to the Internet has been completely cut for a
     whole region.
  2. Censored content is made available within a reasonable time.
  3. Access to censored dynamic content (i.e. web apps) is possible.
  4. The system benefits from the user's participation, and is resistant
     to participants dropping off and to rogue nodes in the hands of the
     censor.
  5. Users of the system are anonymous to someone observing their
     traffic, even if that someone is a participant in the system.
  6. Users' devices don't reveal the content that they or other users
     have accessed.
  7. The system is amenable to privacy-preserving analytics to check its
     impact.
We know that we'll probably need a combination of several tools to
achieve these properties, so we're not looking for a silver bullet but
rather some advice and suggestions from you that may help us move in the
right direction.  We will be dedicating at least 2 years solid
development to a chosen infrastructure design and hope to contribute to
existing models, as part of our (likely hybrid) appraoch to the
eventuating infrastructure.
By the way, part of the team will be at the upcoming
[Internet Freedom Festival]( in
Valencia (6-10 March).  If you plan to be there we'd love to chat with
you face to face.`:)`
Thank you very much for your help!
CENO team

@_date: 2017-02-21 10:42:25
@_author: Ivan Vilata-i-Balaguer 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Building a new censorship circumvention tool: what 
Hi, thanks for cheking CENO and for the advice and many links, they may
come in very handy regarding the obfuscation and DPI avoidance parts of
our next system.  The experiences you mention about real life blocking
are very informative.
Thanks again!

@_date: 2017-11-20 13:24:36
@_author: Ivan Vilata-i-Balaguer 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Using Tor Browser with non-Tor proxies? 
Hi everyone,
At the [CENO2 project]( we're developing a
distributed system to enable P2P cooperation between its users to
circumvent web censorship, both by providing P2P routing and caching of
previously accessed content.
Since the user's requests may at some point hit untrusted machines (the
requests themselves or a simplified version of them may be cached when
caching content), we considered it reasonable to keep an eye on requests
and maybe anonymize them to some extent before sending them to the
Since the main entry point to the system will usually be a web proxy, we
were wondering whether it would make sense to use the Tor Browser and
leverage all the great efforts already put into it to take care of such
anonymization of requests, instead of reinventing the wheel ourselves.
Do you think it makes sense to use the Tor Browser with a different
proxy than Tor?  Is there some technical hurdle (i.e. some source code
modification) that would prevent it from working?
Thanks for your comments!

@_date: 2017-11-27 13:09:12
@_author: Ivan Vilata-i-Balaguer 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Using Tor Browser with non-Tor proxies? 
Hi Georg, thanks for your reply!  More inline.
Sure, I was referring to the many techniques mentioned here:
I ran some tests and checked that the HTTP requests themselves for
simple public pages don't look that different from those of a normal
browser in terms of headers…  But the rest of techniques employed may be
valuable as well.
Umm, I wasn't aware of that particular aspect of that project.  It may
be very useful for our purpose and we'll definitely have a deeper look
at it.
Thanks a lot for the info!
