
@_date: 2016-06-07 02:15:45
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Decoding Jake Appelbaum 
Franklin Bynum
I am a volunteer in the Tor community and watched with great interest as allegations of sexual assault against Jacob Appelbaum surfaced last week.
His statement is carefully worded, and so I did my best to decipher it here.
    "In the past few days, a calculated and targeted attack has been launched to spread vicious and spurious allegations against me."
I can?t directly say the allegations are false.
    "Given the way these accusations have been handled, I had little choice but to resign from my position as an advocate at the Tor Project and devote my full attention to completing my doctoral work on cryptography at the Technical University of Eindhoven."
They were going to fire me if I didn?t quit.
    "Vague rumors and smear campaigns against me are nothing new. As a longtime public advocate for free speech and a secure internet, there have been plenty of attempts to undermine my work over the years."
I need you to believe the government is behind this.
    "Now, however, these unsubstantiated and unfounded attacks have become so aggressive that I feel it?s necessary to set the record straight. Not only have I been the target of a fake website in my name that has falsely accused me of serious crimes, but I have also received death threats (including a Twitter handle entitled ?TimeToDieJake?)."
This one troll account mentioned my death in its handle, so now I am the victim. If that account didn?t exist, I would have had to invent it.
    "I think it?s extremely damaging to the community that these character-assassination tactics are being deployed, especially given their ugly history of being used against fellow members of the LGBT community. It pains me to watch the community to which I?ve dedicated so much of my life engage in such self-destructive behavior. Nonetheless, I am prepared to use legal channels, if necessary, to defend my reputation from these libelous accusations."
I can?t sue.
    "I want to be clear: the accusations of criminal sexual misconduct against me are entirely false."
I?ll never be convicted of a crime.
    "Inevitably, there may have been moments in my professional or private life when I may have inadvertently hurt or offended others? feelings. Whenever I was aware of these instances, I have, and will continue to, apologize to the friends and colleagues in question and to continually learn how to be a better person. Though the damage to my reputation caused by these allegations alone is impossible to undo, I nonetheless take the concerns of the Tor community seriously."
I?m not sorry.
    "To dispel any further rumors, to the best of my knowledge, the Tor network is not ?compromised.?"
The Tor network is fine, I guess. I haven?t had a patch accepted in several years.
    "I?ve dedicated my life as a journalist, activist, and longtime member of the Tor Project to advocating for the transparency of public processes and to speaking out about the necessity of privacy, security, and anonymity. These are ideals that I will continue to uphold, despite the vicious campaign that is currently being waged against me."
Read this whole thing again; I never directly said that any of the allegations are not true.

@_date: 2016-06-07 02:42:05
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Decoding Jake Appelbaum 
Lex Gill
Hard to look away from Twitter the past few days, because I?ve watched this happen with half a dozen different activist men in recent years and it?s always the same story. And so, not specifically about the situation at hand, but about every time this happens.
What I?ve learned is that the real test is what happens after the accused makes a statement. One that muddies the waters, takes partial responsibility, questions the stability of his victims, implies ulterior motives. One that exposes a flawed process, or sheds light on true-yet-unflattering internal politics that make things seem ?complicated.?
He?s been reflecting carefully, you know. On his values. He was going through a tough time, before this. He is ?dismayed? and ?dishearted? and ?troubled? and ?ashamed? and ?hurt.? If there is truth to these allegations, if that?s what the victims ?believe happened? then he wants to make it right with them. His is a politics of ownership. He is an ally. He is kinky. He is sorry for your misunderstanding.
But he can?t face specific allegations because his lawyer advised him against it. There are no specific allegations to face because his accusers are anonymous. The victims never spoke to him directly: why is that? Why come forward now? There has been an ongoing campaign for some time, you know, to discredit him, to hurt him. That much is probably true. He accepts some wrongdoing. He is humble.
And if only he had been given a chance to clear this whole thing up, but people are so quick to judge. The court of public opinion that built his career turned on him. People don?t have all the facts, but he can?t share them either?the lawyer, remember? Is it progressive to cast people out of our communities like this?
The pitch of these statements is always the same. People will feel discomfort in their hearts but they will retreat anyway. It could be true. That is the point of the genre. He?s taking some space.
The people that matter will be spoken to, quietly. They will tell others how it?s ?destroying him,? how he?s suffered enough. It?s ?complicated,? but they?re not at liberty to discuss. He?ll be kept on payroll, somewhere.
A year will go by and eventually you?ll notice that he?s consulting again, albeit in a slightly different community. He?s got a new writing gig, he?s on a different conference circuit now. Less public, but still powerful, maybe even more untouchable than he was before. Because you?re not really sure, are you? You weren?t there. Let it go.

@_date: 2016-06-07 03:09:14
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Decoding Jake Appelbaum 
Andy Greenberg
Tor Developer Jacob Appelbaum Resigns Amid Sex Abuse Claims
Jacob Appelbaum has courted controversy throughout his career as a privacy and transparency activist, picking fights with several of the world?s most powerful government agencies over surveillance and state secrecy. Now he?s at the center of an entirely different sort of controversy: accused of rampant sexual and emotional abuse.
On Saturday, the privacy-focused non-profit Tor Project where Appelbaum held a position as a developer and activist released a statement explaining that Appelbaum had resigned from his position with the group as a result of a series of ?serious, public allegations of sexual mistreatment? made by unnamed victims against 33-year-old Appelbaum. An anonymous website collecting testimonials from those alleged victims published the same day, with five victims detailing claims that range from uninvited groping and kissing to rape.
On Monday morning, Appelbaum responded to the accusations in a statement, calling them ?a calculated and targeted attack [that] has been launched to spread vicious and spurious allegations against me.? He added, ?I want to be clear: the accusations of criminal sexual misconduct against me are entirely false.? His publicist Claudia Tomassini responded to WIRED?s request for comment from Appelbaum to say that his ?legal team is working on an injunction against these monstrous and factually incorrect accusations.?
WIRED couldn?t independently verify the stories on the website created by Appelbaum?s accusers, who used pseudonyms, nor determine the creator of the site itself. But Andrea Shepard, a Berlin-based developer co-worker of Appelbaum?s at the Tor Project, says the site was created by a ?longtime member of the Tor community? whom she knows and trusts. Shepard also says she?s spoken directly with one of Appelbaum?s alleged victims, who told Shepard in February of this year that Appelbaum had raped him or her. ?Sadly?I think it?s the damn truth. He?s a charismatic, socially dominant manipulator,? Shepard writes to WIRED. ?I absolutely believe the accusers.?
Shepard says that Tor?s management had suspected Appelbaum of sexual misconduct for months. And the revelation of another alleged victim in recent weeks had accelerated calls to force his resignation from the organization, a push led by Tor?s executive Director Shari Steele. The Tor Project?s statement, written by Steele herself, echoed that timeline. ?These types of allegations were not entirely new to everybody at Tor; they were consistent with rumors some of us had been hearing for some time. That said, the most recent allegations are much more serious and concrete than anything we had heard previously,? Steele writes. ?We are deeply troubled by these accounts.?
Hacker Elite
For years, Appelbaum has held near-rockstar status within the hacker community. In 2010 he keynoted the HOPE hacker conference, outing himself as a collaborator with WikiLeaks?its only publicly known American staffer?just as it was ramping up its record-breaking Pentagon and State Department leaks. (A Rolling Stone magazine profile a couple of months later called him ?the most dangerous man in cyberspace.?)
Likely as a result of his WikiLeaks work, Google and his internet service provider Sonic.net received court orders demanding Appelbaum?s communications as part of a grand jury investigation in 2011. Appelbaum wasn?t indicted, but has said that he was repeatedly harassed and detained at U.S. border crossings by agents of the Department of Homeland Security?s Customs and Border Protection. To avoid run-ins with the American government, he moved to Berlin. As a hacker exile he?s continued to work for Tor and also contributed to the analysis and publication of NSA leaker Edward Snowden?s classified documents, as well as other surveillance investigations in the German newspaper Der Spiegel.1
But Shepard, who also lives in Berlin, says she could see a pattern of troubling behavior that led her to distance herself from Appelbaum. In 2013, she recalls, Appelbaum told Shepard in a bar in front of another colleague that he was going to have sex with her, using a misogynistic phrase. In late 2014, she says he aggressively snatched a phone out of her hands at a hacker conference. And in the spring of last year she says he was suspended from his position at Tor for two weeks without pay due to a harassment incident.
A Familiar Pattern
The scandal?s implications could go well beyond the Tor Project, which maintains the highly-regarded Tor anonymity software. It also highlights the broader hacker community?s long-running problem with sexism and sexual harassment. The notion, as Tor?s executive director Steele wrote, that rumors about Appelbaum weren?t new but had been ignored, portrays a community that turns a blind eye to the inequality or even mistreatment of women. As University of Pennsylvania?s well-known computer security professor Matt Blaze wrote on Twitter, ?our community (larger than Tor) failed badly here.?
Tor?s executive director Steele, meanwhile, urged in her note about Appelbaum that anyone who thinks they may be a victim of criminal behavior should talk to law enforcement. ?Going forward, we want the Tor community to be a place where all participants can feel safe and supported in their work,? she added. ?We are committed to doing better in the future.?
1Correction 6/6/2016 9:55am EST: An earlier version of the story said that Google and Sonic.net were subpoenaed for Appelbaum?s data in 2011, when in fact they received a 2703(d) court order.

@_date: 2016-06-07 15:14:13
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Decoding Jake Appelbaum 
This is what an alleged serial rapist looks like:
Some of Jacob Appelbaum's alleged victims have shared their stories on Everyone is innocent until a victim comes forward with a rape kit.

@_date: 2016-06-07 22:08:57
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / ioerror
Like much of the hacker community, we were troubled to hear the allegations of sexual abuse, manipulation, and bullying leveled against one of our members, Jacob Appelbaum, A.K.A. ioerror. We?re also aware that the Tor Project is conducting an internal investigation, and encourage anyone with relevant testimony to come forward. For some, it won?t be easy. There can be shaming or humiliation, or the fear of not being believed.
It is also our responsibility to create an environment where people feel safe to come forward. We have always stood for freedom of speech and expression, which sometimes necessitates the right to anonymity. This is something that victims of abuse often require. We stand by their right to be anonymous. Others, like our friend Nick Farr, who decided to go public with his own difficulties, deserve our respect and support. Everyone will do this in their own way.
We know that it may be scary, but we also encourage victims to contact their appropriate local authorities. We understand the complicated relationship we all have with law enforcement, but there is a time and place for government intervention. If the most extreme of these allegations are true, they should be addressed in a court of law, and dealt with appropriately.
CULT OF THE DEAD COW is known for a lot of things, but treating people horribly is not one of them. If communities are to thrive and remain relevant we have to do some housecleaning from time to time. As we have become aware of the anonymous accusations of sexual assault, as well as the stories told by individuals we know and trust, we've decided to remove Jake from the herd effective immediately.

@_date: 2016-06-07 22:42:59
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] =?utf-8?q?Eyewitnesses_Recount_Tor_Developer_Jacob_App?= 
Eyewitnesses Recount Tor Developer Jacob Appelbaum?s Unwanted Sexual Advances
William Turton
Jacob Appelbaum, a prominent advocate for digital privacy and security, last week stepped down from the Tor Project, where he worked as a paid employee, after he was accused of sexual assault. ?These types of allegations were not entirely new to everybody at Tor; they were consistent with rumors some of us had been hearing for some time,? Tor Project Executive Director Shari Steele wrote in a blog post about Appelbaum?s resignation. ?That said, the most recent allegations are much more serious and concrete than anything we had heard previously.?
Since the anonymous accusations surfaced that accuse Jacob of rape and unwanted sexual advances, some people closely connected to Tor and the security community have started talking about what they saw and experienced. Several of those people declined to speak on the record, and none go so far as to accuse Appelbaum of rape. In interviews with Gizmodo, Emerson Tan and Meridith Patterson, computer security experts involved in the Tor community, and Andrea Shepard, a developer at the Tor Project, described some of Appelbaum?s inappropriate behavior they say they witnessed?and speculated on how he got away with deeply troubling behavior for so long.
Gizmodo reached out to Appelbaum for comment on the specific allegations below, and will update if we hear back. In a statement issued earlier this week, Appelbaum said the allegations of sexual advances and rape were ?a calculated and targeted attack has been launched to spread vicious and spurious allegations against me.? Appelbaum also said that ?the accusations of criminal sexual misconduct against me are entirely false.?
One incident, witnessed by Shepard, Tan, and Patterson, occurred in December at the Chaos Communication Conference in Hamburg, Germany.
?At about 2 or 3 a.m. in the morning I happen to be talking to [Patterson], [Shepard] and Jacob Appelbaum and a group of other people who have come out of the congress hall into the lobby of the Raddison Blu hotel in Hamburg,? Tan told Gizmodo. ?Jake has his hands all over this girl, and she is very obviously not very happy. You know, she?s looking for her bag, they?re having a conversation and she?s looking for her bag she can?t find her bag and she appears to be really quite distressed and Appelbaum forcibly attempts to try and kiss her, grabs her arm and her backside and makes a move for her breasts.?
Shepard and Patterson confirmed the account to Gizmodo, saying they watched it happen.
?And the other males who we were with were basically just kind of joking amongst themselves and don?t really seem to see anything wrong with it, which is really quite distressing,? Tan said. ?So I watched this for about two to three minutes and then I decide to go and do something and just mount a very very subtle intervention. Which is, I go over, I shake Jake?s hand I tell him what a great job he?s doing with the Tor project and the rest of it and that gives the girl roughly the 30 seconds she needs to find her bag without being in an undistracted fashion. She left, and I found her hiding out in the hotel bar later, after Jake had left. She was pretty composed but obviously upset.?
?Jacob basically had cornered her and we saw him try to force a kiss and Emerson was like fuck this and interrupted him,? Patterson told Gizmodo.
The Chaos Communication Conference is an annual gathering of hackers, privacy advocates, and computer security enthusiasts. Every year, Tor employees and volunteers present the ?State Of the Onion,? an annual presentation about the Tor Project and what?s to come in the year ahead. Appelabaum was one of the presenters.
Tan also recalled Appelbaum trying to take upskirt photos of women at the summer edition of the same conference in 2007, in addition to making lewd comments and allegations of threesomes with various members of the privacy community. ?It?s like, what the fuck is wrong with you man?? Tan said. ?You know, you?re really very very wrong. Several people at that camp told him no photos and the rest of it and he doesn?t care. Several people told him trying to take pictures of breasts and upskirt photos and the rest of it is unacceptable, and he doesn?t care.?
Shepard also described an interaction she had with Applebaum in Berlin in July of 2013. ?He once got good drunk at a bar...and discussed how he would ?use my ass?,? Shepard said. ?At the time I mostly thought ?okay, Jake?s obnoxious when he drinks.? It looks different when you...realize that?s the low end of something that gets much worse.?
Tan and Shepard say that Appelbaum uses his charisma and fame within the computer security world to prey on vulnerable people. The distrust of authority within the Tor community helps explain why nobody came forward before, Tan said.
?[Appelbaum] is charismatic and has a high public profile,? Shepard added. ?People are afraid of confronting him.?

@_date: 2016-06-09 00:54:12
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Jacob Appelbaum Has Allegedly Engaged in Sexual 
Jacob Appelbaum Has Allegedly Engaged in Sexual Misconduct for Over a Decade
William Turton
New stories of Jacob Applebaum?s alleged sexual misconduct have surfaced since the developer and well-known computer security and privacy advocate stepped down from his staff position at the Tor Project last week.
Last night, Slack security developer Leigh Honeywell posted her account of sexual abuse she experienced while in a relationship with him. ?A number of people are now coming forward with details of the long record of sexual misconduct committed by Jacob Appelbaum,? Honeywell said in the statement. ?The stories I have read are entirely consistent with my own experiences being sexually involved with Jacob in 2006-2007.?
    "In that time we spent together, he violated boundaries I set as though they were a game, particularly at times when I was intoxicated. There were a number of times I felt afraid and violated during interactions with Jacob. Being involved with him was a steady stream of humiliations small and large as he mistreated me in front of others and over-shared about our intimate interactions with friends who were often also professional colleagues.
    For example, on several occasions in professional situations, he told other people that I was good at a particular sex act. On another occasion where my primary romantic partner at the time, Paul Wouters, was also present, Jacob ignored my use of a safe word when his sexual behavior turned into violent behavior that violated my limits. Paul and I both had to repeatedly tell Jacob to stop, and the experience was profoundly upsetting. I believe that one of the common elements of Jacob?s abusive behavior is humiliating one or another member of a couple in front of the other ? as other accounts of his actions are published, that is something worth watching out for."
Prior to Honeywell?s post, Appelbaum denied the growing number of allegations, saying that a ?calculated and targeted attack has been launched to spread vicious and spurious allegations against me.? Appelbaum also said that the ?accusations of criminal sexual misconduct against me are entirely false.?
As Gizmodo reported yesterday, Appelbaum has been accused of sexual misconduct dating back several years, at least as far back as an incident where he allegedly tried to take upskirt photos of women at a hacking conference in 2007.
Emerson Tan, a computer security expert involved in the Tor community, told Gizmodo that Appelbaum would also make lewd comments and publicly claim to have engaged in threesomes with various members of the privacy community. ?It?s like, what the fuck is wrong with you man?? Tan told Gizmodo. ?You know, you?re really very very wrong. Several people at that camp told him no photos and the rest of it and he doesn?t care. Several people told him trying to take pictures of breasts and upskirt photos and the rest of it is unacceptable, and he doesn?t care.?
More allegations against Appelbaum came earlier today from Violet Blue, a journalist who covers hacking and privacy.
    "For the record, I've known Jake since 2005. This isn't new or recent behavior. Many of us are just surprised it took this long to come out.
    Jake hated and threatened me because I wouldn't fuck him, and his humiliation/bullying tactics didn't work to make me give in. And because -
    -because I physically stopped him from harassing/trying to isolate and fuck a frightened female friend at a party. He was furious."
The recent flood of accusations surfaced after a website appeared last week featuring mostly anonymous accounts of alleged sexual abuse, including rape, by Appelbaum. Following the launch of the site, the Tor Project released a lengthy statement in which the group acknowledged rumors of sexual misconduct, and said they were investigating the issue.
?These types of allegations were not entirely new to everybody at Tor; they were consistent with rumors some of us had been hearing for some time,? Shari Steele, Tor?s executive director said. ?That said, the most recent allegations are much more serious and concrete than anything we had heard previously. We are deeply troubled by these accounts.?
Despite being kicked off of the Tor Project, Appelbaum is still a prominent player in the digital privacy and security community. In addition to frequently giving talks at hacking conferences, he?s also on the technical advisory board of the Freedom of the Press Foundation.
According to several sources close to the situation, there is currently an internal debate going on at the foundation about whether to remove Applebaum from the board.
Update 6/08/2018 3:08 p.m: The Freedom of the Press Foundation has removed Jacob Applebaum from their technical advisory board. Executive Director Trevor Timm said in a statement: ?In light of the allegations that have been made, Jacob Appelbaum is no longer a member of our outside volunteer technical advisory board.?

@_date: 2016-06-09 01:03:48
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Freedom of the Press Foundation - Statement on Jacob 
Statement on Jacob Appelbaum
June 8, 2016
Trevor Timm In light of the allegations that have been made, Jacob Appelbaum is no longer a member of our outside volunteer technical advisory board. We hope that the serious accusations made against him, and his denial of them, are resolved as fairly and as expeditiously as possible.

@_date: 2016-06-09 01:13:08
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Jacob Appelbaum Has Allegedly Engaged in Sexual 
Leigh Honeywell
June 7, 2016
He said, they said
Content note for discussion of sexual violence.
    "The problem with "open secrets" is that they are never open enough to keep people safe :("
A number of people are now coming forward with details of the long record of sexual misconduct committed by Jacob Appelbaum. The stories I have read are entirely consistent with my own experiences being sexually involved with Jacob in 2006-2007.
I am writing this under my real name because I am fortunate enough to be able to afford to. I am lucky to have a stable economic and immigration situation, and I am not close enough to Jacob?s world to be in any way dependent on his opinion of me, or on the opinions of people who might support him. I know that?s not true for everybody, and I recognize that many of the people speaking up about Jacob?s abuse are marginalized ? by state surveillance, by gender, by sexuality, by geography, by poverty, and by other factors. I stand with their decision to publish their accounts of his actions in a way that allowed them to feel safer speaking out. I am also glad that Nick Farr has also felt able to come forward with his own experience under his own name.
Jacob and I were involved on and off over the course of 2006 and 2007, mainly spending time together at security conferences. During that time, I was also seeing other people, with the consent and awareness of all involved. In that time we spent together, he violated boundaries I set as though they were a game, particularly at times when I was intoxicated. There were a number of times I felt afraid and violated during interactions with Jacob. Being involved with him was a steady stream of humiliations small and large as he mistreated me in front of others and over-shared about our intimate interactions with friends who were often also professional colleagues.
For example, on several occasions in professional situations, he told other people that I was good at a particular sex act. On another occasion where my primary romantic partner at the time, Paul Wouters, was also present, Jacob ignored my use of a safeword when his sexual behavior turned into violent behavior that violated my limits. Paul and I both had to repeatedly tell Jacob to stop, and the experience was profoundly upsetting. I believe that one of the common elements of Jacob?s abusive behavior is humiliating one or another member of a couple in front of the other ? as other accounts of his actions are published, that is something worth watching out for. (NB: I am including Paul?s name here with his consent ? because that matters.)
Jacob was a charismatic and central figure in the security community I spent the early part of my career in. Many of our friends and colleagues saw the way he treated me and did nothing about it, so it took me years before I realized how abusive he was to me. Until that realization, I remained ?friends? with him. It was witnessing his uncritical support of Assange and smearing of Assange?s accusers ? something I disagree with intensely ? that made me understand the true measure of his character. It was seeing him deny other women?s experiences of sexual violence that made me fully realize how bad my own experiences with him had been.
If you are horrified by this and want to take action, here?s what I suggest.
One final note of warning: I?ve noticed at least one person who also has a history of sexual assault spreading word about the accusations about Jacob in a supportive way. I just want to say that, like Jacob himself, simply talking the talk about consent and sex positivity and ?yes means yes? does not make someone a safe person to be around. Watch for people using this technique to groom future victims and don?t let someone?s words speak louder than their actions, big and small.
Comments are open but will be heavily moderated. I would prefer that people not contact me to disclose their own stories of mistreatment, as I am not (currently) a trained counselor and am already struggling with the emotional toll of publishing this. If you need emotional support, please reach out to people close to you, a counselor in your area, or to the trained folks at RAINN or Crisis Text Line.

@_date: 2016-06-09 00:10:45
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Sorry Jake I know you are innocent 
Like I said: I am a asshole.
Just making a bunch of shit up and putting it here.
I do not like Jake and that is it.
List admin can you block me please?  I am an out of control loser with a
lot of time on my hands.

@_date: 2016-06-09 22:38:04
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Jacob Appelbaum allegedly intimidated victims into 
Jacob Appelbaum allegedly intimidated victims into silence and anonymity
Dell Cameron
June 7, 2016
This story contains graphic details of alleged sexual assault.
In the wake of programmer Jacob Appelbaum?s abrupt departure from the Tor Project, rumors and accusations about both sexual misconduct and bullying have surfaced that extend back years.
Appelbaum was suspended without pay for two weeks from the Tor Project in March 2015 as a result of an internal complaint filed against him due to harassing behavior toward other employees, according to sources within the Tor Project.
Now, four witnesses?including a current senior Tor employee?are stepping forward into the public eye, adding valuable insight into how Appelbaum allegedly intimidated those around him to keep accusations of sexual misconduct secret and pressure those who are speaking out to remain anonymous.
Appelbaum, who has worked closely with the likes of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, became a prominent face of Tor in the last decade as he worked as a public advocate and occasional hacker for the Tor Project. Tor is a powerful U.S. government-funded anonymity software that protects the identity and location of its users. It?s used by a wide range of people including human rights activists, government employees, criminals, journalists, and dissidents in countries that impose online censorship and crack down on internet activity.
Glowing profiles by publications like Rolling Stone and Vice cemented his position as a 21st century political geek rock star. The cultural heights to which he rose make his fall all the more jarring for the community?and exacerbate the pressure to remain silent on those who claim to be his victims.
Late last week, a website was launched in which anonymous victims of Appelbaum?s alleged sexual misconduct joined together to post their stories in an effort to publicize them without a much-feared wave of personalized and professional backlash.
The stories are graphic and describe the ways Appelbaum allegedly assaulted people in public and in private. ?Forest? writes that she woke up one night while platonically sharing a bed with Appelbaum to find her pants unzipped, his hands in her underwear and touching her vagina. "Sam" recounts an incident when Appelbaum allegedly pulled them into a bathtub with him after they repeatedly told him not to. ?River? claims Appelbaum raped her in a room in front a group of his friends.
Three current Tor employees?two of whom agreed to be named on the record?have confirmed that they personally know the authors of the alleged victim statements on the site, JacobAppelbaum.net. Although they continue to maintain anonymity for the authors of the stories, these Tor employees are now publicly vouching for the site?s authenticity, which Appelbaum has called into question.
Andrea Shepard, a senior Tor developer, confirmed to the Daily Dot that she was in touch with at least one of the victims on the website several months ago. Alison Macrina, a Tor employee and advocate as well as the founder and director of the Library Freedom Project, also vouched for the authenticity of the anonymous victims? statements.
?It?s related to something that started happening in earnest about three or four months ago,? Macrina said. ?Which is simply that people stopped being afraid to talk to each other about Jake. That?s how I heard from some victims.?
Macrina, who also works for the Tor Project and travels the country educating librarians about privacy issues, said the site was established so that people would have a ?safe way? to share their stories. ?Those of us who can afford the exposure of backing them up publicly know their real identities and can vouch for them,? she said.
Appelbaum broke his silence on Monday, deriding the accounts of his former colleagues as ?vague rumors.? It was an ?attack,? he said, on his reputation, led by character-assassins spreading ?vicious and spurious? allegations against him.
?I want to be clear,? Appelbaum wrote, ?the accusations of criminal sexual misconduct against me are entirely false.?
Appelbaum?s representative, Claudia Tomassini, originally said his legal team was ?working on an injunction against these monstrous and factually incorrect accusations.? A few hours later, she walked back that statement. The legal team is now ?weighing all options,? Tomassini told the Daily Dot, ?including such legal actions as may be appropriate.?
Four prominent members of the technology and security community talked to the Daily Dot about one incident that they say took place late last year.
?It was in December of last year,? technologist and developer Meredith L. Patterson said. ?It was the day we arrived at CCC.?
CCC, or Chaos Communication Congress, is an annual conference where many of the world?s top technical minds gather to discuss internet privacy, freedom, and security. As the public face of Tor, Appelbaum has been a fixture of the conference for many years.
Patterson was sitting in the lobby of the Radisson Blu, which stood next door to the conference hall, with fellow developer TQ Hirsch, Shepard, and security specialist Emerson Tan. All four confirmed the following events to the Daily Dot.
?Jake came into the lobby with two or three other men and a young woman who was obviously a little bit inebriated,? Tan told the Daily Dot. ?She didn?t look entirely happy and over the course of the next five minutes, I observed Jake grabbing her arm, very forcible attempts to kiss her?there is royally, very obviously a very negative reaction to that, she actually squirmed to get away.?
?Most of Jake?s attention was focused on some girl who was somewhat shorter than he was,? Hirsch said. ?She was cornered against the bar, looking around I presumed to try to find an escape route or for someone she could get the attention of.?
No one from this group of four knew who this woman was, but they all claim the woman was rejecting Appelbaum?s alleged advances. Even while she was trying to avoid Appelbaum, they said, the woman was looking for her bag somewhere in the lobby. Unwilling to leave without it and all the possessions inside, the woman was stuck searching while Appelbaum allegedly continued to touch her.
?Jake is obviously ratcheting up the pressure,? Tan said of the scene. ?He reaches around her backside, makes a groping move around her breast. At this point it?s obvious this is not good.?
?Emerson is like, ?Is he actually doing that? What the hell??? Patterson recalled. ?He gets up and walks across the bar. I stayed seated as did the other people I was with. I saw him physically interpose himself between Jake and this girl.?
Tan recalled exactly what he did after putting himself between Appelbaum and the woman.
?I went up there and shook his hand, congratulated very fully on what a brilliant job he was doing on the Tor Project, standing up for the people, and all this stuff that was actually bollocks,? Tan said. ?That gave her 30 seconds to a minute and a half to retrieve her bag and then go.?
Tan said afterwards he spoke briefly with the woman. He asked if she wanted to file a police report, but she was unwilling. She left the hotel before any of the witnesses learned who she was. The incident was never reported to police or to the Tor Project.
?I talked to [the people with Appelbaum that night], and they just wrote it off as the great man doing his thing,? Shepard said. ?Getting any of them to report anything, even the victim, was just impossibly hard because you don't do that to heroes.?
?Probably the most shocking thing out of all this is that people stand around and watch this happen and they don?t say a fucking thing,? Tan said. ?People see it happen and they don?t care. There appears to be a serious problem of getting anyone to actually report it and no one seems willing to say anything.?
Appelbaum?s behavior at CCC caused another prominent member of the security community, technologist Nick Farr, to write a blog post on June 5 accusing Appelbaum of bullying tactics during the conference.
Both Tan and Patterson acknowledged that this sort of problem happens elsewhere, but Tan focused in specifically on the problems within the hacker community. The prevalent anti-authoritarian and anti-law enforcement attitudes make it particularly difficult to go after the alleged predators, he said.
?A lot of these women are absolutely terrified because so much of their identity revolves around what they?re doing and their activism,? Tan argued. ?They?re terrified of saying anything and of going to authorities because they face immediate social ostracization for doing so. He?s found a perfect place to hang out because he knows the chances of them lodging a criminal complaint or of him facing prosecution is almost zero. Which is kind of terrible.?
Macrina also claims that she?s witnessed Appelbaum ?use frightening methods to extract information from people when he feels criticized.? ?When people started talking about his behavior a few months ago, he began this relentless interrogation to find out who was ?behind' it,? Macrina said. ?The truth was, many people were talking.? When Appelbaum learned ?who he thought his culprits were,? Macrina claims he began to intimidate them into silence.
?He has real knack for convincing people that what he?s done to them is actually fine,? she said.
According to a 2016 study of 200 women in technology, 60 percent have faced unwanted sexual advances, and of those, 65 percent came from a superior. One in three women in the technology industry feel unsafe because of incidents at work. The Geek Feminism wiki keeps a timeline of sexism in the tech industry, and recent past is littered with discouraging stories:  Developer and designer Julie Ann Horvath was vilified by numerous individuals in the industry after speaking up about sexism at GitHub back in 2014. High-profile venture capitalist and former Reddit CEO Ellen Pao, who lost her case claiming gender discrimination against former employers, had her personal details exposed and life severely disrupted by targeted abuse online.
The recent case of Brock Turner, the Stanford student who sexually assaulted an unconscious woman behind a dumpster, is a reminder that even when women speak out publicly, the punishment does not always appear to fit the crime. Turner was given six months in jail, a sentence that's sparked national outcry.
In a white male-dominated technology industry, stories of sexism, racism, and harassment are commonplace. Although companies and conferences are making efforts to improve representation and fix a culture where harassment is accepted, it remains pervasive.
Tan has a message he wants to send out to any other potential victims: ?What is important now is, if you are a victim, do not be afraid. You are not alone. There are people who will support you.?
If you are a victim of sexual assault or want more information on sexual assault, contact the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network at 1-800-656-HOPE (4673). If you are a victim of domestic abuse or want more information on domestic violence and resources for victims, contact the National Domestic Violence Hotline online or at 1-800-799-SAFE (7233).

@_date: 2016-06-10 01:07:59
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Jacob Appelbaum's Performance Improvement Plan 
-----weitergeleitete Nachricht----
Von: "Tom Leckrone" []
Gesendet: Do. 18.03.2015 15:03
An: "Jacob Appelbaum" [jacob at torproject.org]
Dear Jacob,
This letter is to confirm our conversation of yesterday in which you were informed that, as a result of your actions on March 3rd at and March 6th at the company meeting Valencia, Spain, you have been issued an unpaid suspension for a period of ten business days.
I had been working with you regarding issues that have been raised regarding your words and actions, which are at times unprofessional and may cast Tor Project in a negative light or create issues with other members of the community. In particular, concerns have been raised as to past statements that caused other community members to feel uncomfortable or unwelcome. As you know, a community member advanced a complaint that included two separate instances. One of the instances involved a provocative conversation on the afternoon of March 6th. The person to whom you were speaking was not offended, but the provocative conversation could be overheard by others and created an unwelcoming environment.
The other incident raises more serious concerns regarding Tor Project?s obligation to ensure a safe and comfortable work environment, especially as regards an environment that is unwelcoming or hostile to protected classes of community members. In this case, you made statements that implied that new community members were recruited in a sexually charged manner. This was made during the course of a Tor Project-sanctioned work session which you took part in leading. The very statement that the inception of a working relationship was in any way influenced by sexual conduct or even innuendo is offensive, especially in an environment where Tor Project is actively working to ensure that all community members are able to engage and advance themselves based on their skills and willingness to contribute rather than other attributes. In particular, it is essential that community members not raise or base opinions on attributes that relate to gender or are sexually charged. This statement would be, by itself, subject to discipline, especially where you were in a position of power and were on notice that you needed to avoid any appearance of unprofessional words or actions. However, in the repartee that followed, you expressly stated that the offensive sexualized recruitment ?strategy? had ?worked? with the complainant. This statement created an inappropriate and unwelcome environment for the complainant, and, indeed, any bystander who overheard this statement would be likely to perceive that the work environment at Tor Project was not welcoming and supportive of merit-based work.
We believe that, given the commitment to Tor Project that you have demonstrated and Tor Project's ability and willingness to support your further development, there is a strong likelihood that the employment relationship will be able to move forward in positive and productive drections. With this end in mind, we will work to develop a Performance Improvement Plan at the close of the suspension period. Emphasis will be on your ongoing obligation to scrupulously serve Tor Project?s best interests and comply with employer expectations in performing your job. The Performance Improvement Plan will cover both affirmative job responsibilities, as well as your obligation to refrain from the types of harmful actions and statements that have been noted above. Further misconduct either through the close of the 90-day period or thereafter will be subject to further discipline, up to and including termination of your employment.
You will be expected to engage with me on performance and conduct issues, and Director of Communications Kate Krauss will play an important role in re-situating, supporting and coordinating your role going forward.
If you should not wish to continue with Tor Project under the terms of the suspension and the Performance Improvement Plan, you may resign and elect a severance package that includes three months of salary and benefits coverage at current levels. Should you elect to move forward and further performance or conduct issues ensue, Tor Project may terminate your employment without any severance payments.
You are expected to return to work on March 30, 2015, at which time we will develop the aforementioned Performance Improvement Plan.
If you have any questions, please contact me or Executive Director Andrew Lewman.

@_date: 2016-06-10 02:00:45
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Sources: Tor Project Board Knew Of Allegations Against 
Sources: Tor Project Board Knew Of Allegations Against Jacob Appelbaum For Over A Year
Jun. 9, 2016
Joseph Bernstein
   Stories of sexual harassment - and worse - came to light at an emotional board dinner. Then the person who revealed them quit to avoid being suspended.
Karen Reilly was in tears. At a February 2015 dinner in Valencia, Spain, she had just informed the board of The Tor Project of serial sexual and professional harassment by Jacob Appelbaum, a powerful and charismatic figure in the information security world, who worked for Tor as an advocate, security researcher, and developer. And she couldn't hold it together.
She told them about Appelbaum's public and false claims that he had sex with a member of the Tor community - something multiple sources have told BuzzFeed News Appelbaum has "done to too many people to count."? And she told them of darker allegations against him that had come up after a group of disgusted Tor community members gathered to share stories.
As she cried, according to someone with knowledge of the dinner, Tor's vice-president and director Nick Mathewson told her, "I hope you get counseling to help you through this."
On May 25, Appelbaum was finally forced out of Tor amid allegations of sexual misconduct. In the past week, The Tor Project (the nonprofit that maintains and promotes the anonymous internet routing software of the same name) announced Appelbaum's departure, and a series of mostly anonymous allegations against him have been published online. They include, at their most serious, accusations of rape. In a statement, Appelbaum denied any wrongdoing, calling the stories "a calculated and targeted attack ... launched to spread vicious and spurious allegations."
A separate statement published last week by Tor Project Executive Director Shari Steele - who was not with the organization at the time of the Valencia Board meeting - acknowledged that "These types of allegations were not entirely new to everybody at Tor; they were consistent with rumors some of us had been hearing for some time." But accounts of this dinner make it clear that the most important people at Tor knew about Appelbaum's inappropriate behavior, and have for more than a year.
The board had gathered early one evening in a restaurant in Valencia during the February 2015 Tor Developer Meeting. The Project's leading lights were all at the dinner: Roger Dingledine, president and director, and together with Mathewson an original developer of the onion router; Wendy Seltzer, Policy Counsel to the World Wide Web Consortium and Visiting Fellow with Yale Law School's Information Society Project; and Andrew Lewman, the Tor Project's since-departed executive director. So was Sue Gardner, who had left her job as the executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation and was about to come on board with Tor as a strategic advisor. Reilly, who was the Tor Project's development director, also attended the dinner.
According to sources, Appelbaum's behavior had been the talk of the conference. Reilly had separately approached Lewman, Dingledine, Mathewson, and Seltzer in Valencia, and told them of the harassment.
At dinner, the conversation turned to Appelbaum after Gardner, not yet a Tor employee, broached the subject. According to a source with knowledge of the dinner, Gardner said that her friends had been asking her why she was working with an organization that employs a rapist. After that, Reilly "rehashed everything."
None of the board members responded to calls or email requests for comment. Gardner, reached by phone, said that "The Tor project put out a statement and that's all that needs to be said about it."
Following the dinner, according to sources, Tor conducted a human resources inquiry into the matter. Both Appelbaum and Reilly were given the option of taking a ten day suspension or leaving the company with severance. A copy of the letter written to Appelbaum by Tor's then-HR manager Tom Leckrone surfaced online earlier this week.
"It was a close call as to whether his benefits outweighed his liabilities," said a source with knowledge of the suspension.
Appelbaum took the suspension and remained with the company. Reilly, who, according to sources, was facing suspension for spreading rumors about the Tor Project, left.

@_date: 2016-06-11 02:58:09
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Noisebridge Statement on Jacob Appelbaum 
Noisebridge Statement on Jacob Appelbaum
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
The purpose of this letter is to acknowledge that Noisebridge is aware of
several claims of sexual misconduct and manipulation by Jacob Appelbaum.
What we can say for sure is that Jacob's behavior, as alleged, along with many
incidents we regrettably overlooked in the past now would trigger the
Noisebridge Anti-Harassment Policy[1]. We did not have a culture or structure
for people to bring forward claims - we do now. Because of this Jacob is no
longer welcome in our community, either in its physical or online spaces.
To our knowledge, no new claims of misconduct have been made against Jacob
within Noisebridge Hackerspace in San Francisco, California. Jacob was involved
at the beginning of Noisebridge but has not been physically present, nor a
Member of Noisebridge for many years. While Jacob's name is historically tied to
our own we feel it very important to stress that hundreds of other volunteers
have poured emotional and physical labour into the space and community.
Noisebridge is bigger than any one person's contribution.
The public claims of sexual misconduct made against Jacob Appelbaum are serious,
above a level that can be addressed by mailing list alone.
We echo the Cult of the Dead Cow's own statement[0] about creating an
environment where people feel safe to come forward.
    "It is also our responsibility to create an environment where people feel
    safe to come forward. We have always stood for freedom of speech and
    expression, which sometimes necessitates the right to anonymity"
    --cDc (Cult of the Dead Cow)
If you wish to report harassment anonymously or privately, please send a message
to noisebridge at riseup.net. Community members can bring any issues to
 in slack, or discuss the situation with a Noisebridge member you
trust who can raise the concern with the community.
We also encourage members of the Tor community to report incidents in which
they've been involved Contact info may be found on the Tor Project's recent
Statements blog post. [0] - [1] -

@_date: 2016-06-15 22:19:22
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The Forest for the Trees *Appelbaum* 
The Forest for the Trees
Monday, 13 June 2016
By isis agora lovecruft
It feels rather sardonic to say this now, openly, after two years spent alternating between trying to inhibit my rage and convince myself that I hadnt been hurt, followed by seeking out other victims, in order to develop the collective capacity to defend ourselves and to have the simple ability to speak out in a manner which would be heard and not discarded.
Im Forest. Heres my story, as submitted to the anonymous site jacobappelbaum.net:
"Jake and I had been friends and coworkers for years. Looking back on it, Im not sure why. From the very first Tor developer meeting I had attended, he repetitively propositioned my partner and I for sex. He even went so far as to, on the very first meeting on the first morning, in front of all the other developers  whom I had not yet met  tell me that he was okay with my partner and I fucking in the same bed as him while he watched, causing both of my partner and I to feel completely humiliated that our private sex life was being discussed in front of colleagues we had hoped to build a good start towards friendly, professional relationships.
While travelling, the first time he came to the city I lived in, I invited him to stay at my house. As politely as I could, I explained, You can have the floor, and Ill take my bed, or the other way around. If youre comfortable with it, we can share my bed, as friends. Meaning no physical contact. We both slept in my bed.
That turned out (mostly) fine. (Except, of course, being propositioned again, this time for a threesome with Jake and one of my roommates.) In fact, Jake and I proceeded to share beds in a friendly manner over the years, and nothing bad ever happened.
Once Jake had moved to Germany, I came to visit friends there for a while, and one night I stayed at Jakes place. Again, we shared a bed, as friends. There werent even any discussion or attempts beforehand to convince me to do anything sexual with him. It was freezing cold, and I went to bed with several layers of street clothes on.
Sometime around 5 oclock in the morning, I woke up very confused and startled because my pants were unzipped and Jakes arm was wrapped around me, his hands in my underwear and he was rubbing my clit and rimming the edges of my vagina. I tried to shove him off me and wake him up. Hes physically much bigger than me, so the shoving didnt work as well as it should have, but nonetheless he rolled over, a bit exageratedly, mumbling as if asleep.
In the morning, I confronted him about it. I was really confused. I didnt know if he was actually asleep, but if he was, how did my clothes come undone? Assuming that if I was super confrontational about it, hed have some excuse like Oh, but I thought it was okay that time because you didnt explicitly give me the were-just-friends lecture before bed When confronting Jake about this, I said, Dude, what the fuck. You started fingering me last night. It took a few seconds for there to be a reaction on his face, and then he seemed confused, saying Oh what? I dont remember that. I glared at him.
The really disconcerting thing for me was that, half an hour later, he said, I thought you were her. Here, her was Jakes fiance. At the time, she didnt live in Germany, and they hadnt seen each other in weeks. Jakes fiance was also gorgeous and super curvy, and I am basically a scrawny, little twig. Im not sure how you could confuse us, even asleep. I said. He continued muttering some excuses about having wet dreams about her. He seemed to suddenly and extremely vividly remember whatever dream. Nowhere did he say, I didnt put my hands in your panties, nor did he apologise."
Transformative Justice is not the Death of Due Process
First, some backstory is in order.
Seven or eight years ago, I was involved in an anarchist collective process for a male person in an anarchist activist community who was accused of and eventually admitted to raping two anarchist women. Since none of us would turn him in to the police, we gave him a choice of either leaving or going through a rehabilitation programme which we would create, in an attempt to transform him into someone just as capable of contributing in all the productive ways he already was but without harming other people and decreasing their abilities to contribute and to do so safely. We warned him that, if he skipped town, I would personally hunt him down to whatever city he ran to, contact the anarchist organisers there, and attempt to give them (as non-biased as possible) an account of the events. He didnt run.
At first, he participated grudgingly, but later he broke down crying in front of the two victims, apologising sincerely and begging them for forgiveness. As part of the rehabilitation, one of the things we determined to be cause for his behaviour was a very negative self-body image, i.e. he was quite overweight and under the impression that women only like dudes who are ripped. Part of my responsibilities in the rehab process was to go to the gym with him, to help him have better body image, demonstrate that not all women are into dudes who are ripped, and help him become more comfortable with the idea that women are intelligent creatures as opposed to being merely some sexual object to be won over. He eventually successfully convinced both us and the victims that he would not abuse anyone else. To date this has been successful, and hes had healthy relationships with several partners, including a transperson.
The Plan
When I first started seeking out other victims, about six months ago, I did not want to formally report any of the stories I had heard from Jakes victims to the Tor Project or others, for two primary reasons. First, that my main motivation in this was to ensure that these behaviours stopped, and it was not clear to me that any traditional punitive justice measures would achieve such. Second, I feared retaliation from Jake, as well as retaliation towards any of the victims whose stories I would divulge. Multiple victims at the time expressed that they didnt want me to tell The Tor Project, later admitting they feared retaliation to be extremely likely, as well as difficult to combat.
Instead, I had planned to gather people for a secret meeting in Valencia, somewhere calm, neutral, and away from events, like on the beach, invite Jake, and have everyone willing who has ever been sexually assaulted, humiliated, harassed, or felt their boundaries disrespected, by him to take turns telling a few sentences about what he did to them and how it made them feel. Then we would tell Jake that, as his friends, we thought this needed to stop, and that wed either deliver a list of the stories to The Tor Project and other organisations, or make all the stories public, if he refused to hold himself accountable for his actions or his behaviour did not appear to improve. In planning this secret meeting, I tried to determine what would cause Jake to perpetually disrespect other people like this, and if there were any positive things we could do to help him.
Somehow Jake got word of all this, and proceeded to go back and forth between everyone I knew, starting, it seems, with one of my roommates and a reporter acquaintance, to force information out of these people, including more names of more people involved (to force more information out of). He seemed to have put the whole story together from all the bits and pieces he was given. In between my efforts to get work done and give a lecture, he imposed on me that my ten minutes of coffee break time should be spent speaking with him, because it was An Emergency. During that rather one-sided conversation, Jake described all the time, effort, and ways he was using in order to completely ruin someones life who had attempted to stand up to him, as well as previous ways he had managed to get someone fired from their position and ostracised. He pointedly mentioned, several times, the names of multiple people who he had destroyed in the past for standing against him. In his current efforts to harass one of these people  which through backchannels I was already aware of, he said, Ive literally been spending 15 hours a day on this. [] Ive been speaking with an investigative journalist team to make sure they dont believe [that person]. [] I heard there was a plan to Confront me in Valencia. If that happens, I probably will not take it very well
This was chilling. Why was Jake saying those things, non sequitur and without provocation? It was clear to me that they were thinly-veiled threats, descriptions of what would soon happen to me. If I stood up to Jake, I could expect him to try to get me fired from The Tor Project. To try to block my acceptance into the doctorate research program he knew that I was, at that point in time, applying to. To feed the media stories about what a horrible person I am. To ostracise me from my social circles.
In all of this, I tried to do the right thing, to ensure that no more people were harmed, to give Jake one more chance. I wanted the anarchist, rehabilitation-focused solution, but Jake had only responded to that with threats. Meanwhile, River and I were introduced through a mutual friend. When Jake threatened me, I was, for a moment, frightened. Then I flew into a fucking rage. Sorry, Jake, but attempting to blackmail me into silence whilst I was defending others is really not a good look for an anarchist free-speech advocate.
Having run out of ideas and being threatened out of alternative options, I reported everything to the rest of The Tor Project. Well, almost everything. Originally, I only reported others stories (with their permission). I left my own story out, and I did not tell it until it was decided that Jake would no longer be part of The Tor Project.
The Trees
This isnt about any one individuals story. This is about addressing the issues and finding means within our communities to ensure this doesnt happen again. This is about building communal structures so that it does not require, as Jake has rather entertainingly called it, calculated and targeted attacks from victims who otherwise felt alone and powerless to stand up and fight back.
Photo: Clara Zetkin and Rosa Luxembourg, early womens rights activists, marching at a demonstration, arm in arm.
I have spoken personally with every person whose story was published in the original set on the anonymous site. I am convinced beyond reasonable doubt that each of them is true. I added my own story to the site in solidarity with the other victims, especially these who remain anonymous, as someone with the social standing, and hence, enormous level of privilege, required to be able to eventually go public. Many of the other victims do not have this privilege. Whether due to marginalisation, fear of retailiation, or being new to our communities, many sexual assault victims require anonymity, because  without anonymity  they would be silenced.
Jake never apologised to me, nor  to my knowledge  any of the other victims. I dont condone his actions. However, and no apologies for being crass, I cant seem to motivate myself to feel any pity towards him for any of the admittedly horrible things which are now happening to him. He ruined lives. The number of people we would have in a significantly more productive and less damaged state were it not for his actions is substantial, and futher, those people in a less damaged state would be overall substantially more beneficial than having a Jake in a less damaged state. Additionally, we would likely have had more diverse contributors to Tor, if we had dealt with Jake sooner, since, for years, many people have been warned about Jake through a whisper network and disuaded from becoming involved.
There are some differences between how Jake is behaving to how the other anarchist I mentioned above was behaving. The other anarchist was willing to engage in the defined process, respectful of his victims needs, and eventually sincerely apologetic for his actions.
I cannot condone his actions; however, I cannot condone violence and threats against Jake. Full stop. That is not productive. If he is further harmed, we never see the end of the wretched abused-abuser cycle.
People who behave as Jake does are sick, and they need help. Often, it is because they were severely hurt at some point. As the activist adage goes, We need to be gentle with one another, so that we can be dangerous together. If we think Jake has any capacity for change, then it is our responsibility to ensure that he is not simply swept under a rug of academia where he will most certainly find a deeply-ingrained institutional structure of rape apologists ready to turn a blind eye and willing to help Jake fail up to another position of power and credibility, where he will use that power to commit further acts of abuse. I am thoroughly dismayed for what is statistically likely to happen again, causing harm to and trust issues for their students, and professional and reputational issues for them.
Now. For all of you screaming This is not what justice looks like! Why dont you just go to the police?! let me just wax realpolitik and, like a good little German, quote some Gesetz and cite some statistics.
The due process of a state court, in my case, will be detrimental to both Jake and I, as well as numerous other people. The law is very clearly against both of us in this case, with the overwhelmingly likely outcome that he would be kicked out of Germany. (Additionally, in Germany, multiple independent allegations can result in a conviction given the absense of other evidence.)
The other outcome is one or more convictions. While convictions for rape and sexual assault are statistically unlikely, given that only about 7% of reported rapes result in a conviction with similar numbers for Germany, we have an advantage. By German case law, multiple independent allegations are very likely to result in conviction(s), even despite the absense of other evidence, e.g. bruises, marks, semen, which would be required in a solitary allegation. If brought to court, here are some of the applicable laws and their corresponding minimum/maximum prison terms:
    * One count of rape (177 of the Strafsgesetzbuch paragraph 1) for a person in an unconscious state or otherwise incapable of verbal disagreement or resistance (179 of the Strafsgesetz): minimum, one year; maximum, ten years.
    * One count of blackmail: minimum, none; maximum: five years.
    * One count of rape (177 of the Strafsgesetzbuch paragraph 1), including
    * Instructing a third party to rape the victim (177 of the Strafsgesetzbuch paragraph 2, sentence 2), making it a severe case,
    * Both counts were penetrative intercourse (177 of the Strafsgesetzbuch paragraph 2, sentence 1), also making it a severe case,
    * The victim was additionally in an unconscious state and uncapable of verbal or physical resistance (179 of the Strafsgesetz, including paragraph 5, as well as paragraph 5 sentence 2): minimum: two years; maximum: ten years.
    * Sexual assault (177 of the Strafsgesetzbuch paragraph 1): minimum, one year; maximum: ten years.
Totalling to four years minimum and thirty-five years maximum for those cases alone, along with potential fines and reparations, and expulsion from the country afterwards (cf. 53 and 54 of the Aufenthaltsgesetz). (For English speakers curious about the German laws Im referencing, there are also official English translations.)
Not to mention that, if our goal is to prevent more people from being harmed by Jake, prison is not an option. Overwhelmingly likely, even in Germany, Jake would be raped in prison. I do not wish these painful things Ive gone through on anyone, not even those who have caused me pain. Further, most abusers have a history of having been abused at some point in their past, and Jake going to prison certainly will not help him amend his behaviour.
Some people are asking what the victims want out of this.
Personally, I would be completely ecstatic if Jake decided to move to Alaska. Forever. Jake is still threatening the other victims to try to keep them quiet, and additional reports of extremely severe sexual assaults and rape are pouring in to The Tor Project. Meanwhile, Jake is preparing some sort of public apology statement. Alaska, or northern Siberia  it doesnt matter. Until his sociopathic behaviours are revised, there is no place for him in civil society.
As it is obviously rather untenable that Jake move to Alaska, I suggest the following. Please note that these are my suggestions alone, and do not necessarily at this point in time reflect those of all of the other victims. Were all still processing this.
    1. We need to entirely remove abusers from our communities, until such a time as they have sufficiently demonstrated to their victims that their abusive behaviours will no longer continue. Jake should be removed from all places where his victims, their loved ones, and friends might come into any form of contact with him. Given the enormous amounts of pain myself and the other victims have gone through, the draining emotional stress, and (please excuse my rather dark humour) the development time wasted, I am not willing to revisit this issue for at least four years. After that time has passed, it may be possible to reassess whether there is any path forward for Jake.
    2. We need to assess the cultural issues within our communities which require that victims report anonymously, due to fears of retaliation, further abuse, and not being taken seriously. Once identified, we need to devise better reporting and support structures to help allay these fears.
    3. We need to take victims stories seriously. It should not be required that victims band together in collectives in order to be heard. Nor should it be required that someone who stands up for others must have and share their own story of victimisation to prove the credibility of the others, as was my case. It should not be required that a dozen people are harmed before any one of them is taken seriously.
    4. We need to critique the institutions  sociocultural, academic, and organisational  which made these events possible.
    5. Those who must still have some form of contact with Jake, and by that I primarily mean others within the academic and journalistic communities, need to be given ways to raise safety and ethical concerns without fear of retribution or retaliation. It is my understanding that several researchers and students do not currently feel this way, and that this is having a severe impact upon their abilities to be successful and productive.
Lastly, I would like to say that Ive never been prouder to work for The Tor Project, as their recent actions to stand against abuse have set nothing short of an exemplary model for other organisations.

@_date: 2016-06-16 00:02:45
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] =?utf-8?q?There=E2=80=99s_really_no_such_thing_as_the_?= 
Alison Macrina
coming to a library near you
Theres really no such thing as the voiceless. There are only the deliberately silenced, or the preferably unheard.Arundhati Roy
Im coming forward today as one of the people Jake Appelbaum sexually assaulted. Last week I submitted my story to the anonymous site jacobappelbaum.net: I am Sam. Today, I am going public because like others whove spoken out before me, I am fortunate that my privilege shields me from some of the risks of public exposure. I have been involved in Tor for about a year and a half, and I met Jake shortly after joining and we became pretty close. Despite being a relative newcomer, I got highly involved in Tor quickly, and many of the anonymous victims do not have my established trust and visibility in the community, so today I am using my power to speak up for those who cannot.
Jake was my friend, and it took months to be honest with myself about what happened. As I recount in my previously anonymous story, when I approached him about it he would redirect the conversation to tell me why he was the real victim. He said anything else Id heard about his behavior was part of a political smear campaign that, as his friend, I must help defend him against. He said what Id experienced myself and seen him do to others were aberrations, and that he was a totally different person.
I began asking questions in the community to see who else had stories. What I heard was shockinga pattern of violative and often violent behavior using manipulation, humiliation, ignoring boundaries, and outright coercion.
When my friend River shared with me (and a few trusted others) the details of how he raped her, and I knew things had to radically change. I and others took our stories to Shari Steele and other leadership at Tor Project.
Sharis response, and the response of other leaders and members of our community, has been fair and appropriate. I am proud that our community confronted a difficult problem honestly and with strength.
I was troubled by some of the misguided defenses of Jake. People speaking up were dismissed as a lynch moban ahistorical and offensive way to describe a critical mass of people who had previously been silenced and were demanding accountability. There have been repeated calls for due process and the involvement of the court system, which ignores the violence that system perpetuates against both accuser and accused. Calls for police intervention are particularly alarming to hear from a community in which so many advocate for a stateless society. It turned out that one third-party account was mistaken, and people tried to use that mistake to cast doubt on multiple first-person accounts, many from trusted members of our community.
So let me recap where we are now. Seven people anonymously told their stories on jacobappelbaum.net. They included first-person accounts of Jake deliberately intimidating and shaming people, not taking no for an answer, undressing and sexually touching a person who was sleeping, and having sex in front of a group with a person who had repeatedly said no. Leigh Honeywell told how Jake violated her safeword during sex, humiliated her other partners, and made her feel scared. Violet Blue tweeted that he hated and threatened me because I wouldnt fuck him, and that afterwards he tried to humiliate and bully her. Nick Farr described Jake angrily harassing him for days at 30c3, to the point where Nick never went back to CCC. Bill Budington tweeted that he personally witnessed the testimony of Phoenix, who had described being propositioned and humiliated by Jake at dinner, and Micah Lee replied I did too. Andy Isaacson tweeted Id question the judgement or honesty of anyone who knows Jake well and seriously doubts the veracity of those first-person stories.
I want to thank everyone who has spoken up, either telling their own stories or in support of the stories of others. I hope our public solidarity will encourage even more to speak out against assault. People who feel comfortable sharing information about Jakes conduct can contact Shari Steele, the executive director of Tor Project. You can reach her at ssteele at torproject.org and her PGP key fingerprint is 69B4 D9BE 2765 A81E 5736 8CD9 0904 1C77 C434 1056.
How did we allow this to happen? We prioritized decentralization in our technology, yet allowed power to concentrate in one man who abused people for years. Jakes behavior is representative of a systemic problem, grounded in a star culture that has allowed individual fame to overpower the ability of the community to recognize its collective needs. The shut up and code mentality creates a hostility to basic human empathytalking about feelings, offering support, engendering individual and collective growthwhich could have helped with accountability and prevention. Many people who wanted to be close to Jakes fame enabled his abusive behavior. None of this is unique to hackerdombut beware those who insist it cant happen here. We should ask ourselves why those people didnt feel safe speaking up sooner.
So what should we do now?
First and most importantly, Jakes response to all this is not sufficient. His defensiveness betrays his hostility to our complaints. He said that whenever he has inadvertently hurt or offended people, he [has] and will continue to, apologize. Thats a non-apology. In the same statement, he decried aggressive, unsubstantiated and unfounded vague rumors and smear campaigns spread[ing] vicious and spurious allegations, and claimed that the accusations of criminal sexual misconduct against me are entirely false. (Note he only denied that he committed a crime, a dubious technicality.) He complained the damage to my reputation is impossible to undo.
Jake is putting the focus on himself. He doesnt care about the people he has hurt. If he did, he would make a full and unreserved apology, and then take steps to make amends and figure out how to stop hurting people in the future. Thats not what hes doing.
Rather than allow Jake to play the victim, we must put the focus on his actual victims, and come to terms with what has happened and what comes next. Many victims and allies have been advocating to create a model of transformative justicea radical approach to problem-solving that recognizes the failures of the carceral system and attempts to bring about justice and peace through community-led non-violent action. Transformative justice identifies root causes and works toward comprehensive outcomes. It means support for both victims and the people who have done harm, while holding the harmful behavior to account. It demands open lines of communication and mechanisms to ensure that no single voice is given more power than any other. It prioritizes empathy and does not denigrate conflict as drama. Transformative justice means that people who care about Jake should reach out and hold him accountable, and support him seeking help if hes willing to address the harm hes done. It means separating the abuser from those hes harmed, and creating preventive systems that teach people about consent, recognizing abuse, and creating mechanisms for reporting and responding to harmful behavior.
Moving forward together, here are specific steps our community could take next:
0. Jake must be excluded from all community activities as a precondition for healing.
1. We must believe victims, and continue to foster an environment where they feel safe to report their stories of abuse.
2. As a community, we continue to create mechanisms for:
2.1 teaching and learning consent awareness
2.2 abuse prevention and response, which includes systems of support and accountability
2.3 truth and reconciliation as a community
3. People who love Jake and want him to heal should make a support group for him. Those people should bear in mind that he has not apologized nor admitted to any wrongdoing, and they should hold him accountable for what hes done.
I am invigorated by the networks of solidarity that have been formed as victims come forwardthis community is full of brave, vibrant, relentless people working endlessly to realize our shared vision of freedom, and I am looking forward to the work we do next. I am grateful to the organizations that have already taken steps in response to the multiple substantiated allegationsNoisebridge, Cult of the Dead Cow, Freedom of the Press Foundation, and of course, my beloved Tor Project. Ive never been prouder to be a Tor contributor; thank you, Shari, for believing victims, and to those members of Tor Project who are working to iterate the community we really want. Dozens more in our community have already reached out to me, and Im eager to hear more about existing community-driven methods toward justice and reconciliation.
We build alternatives to oppressive systems, and we can build alternatives to interpersonal structures as well. Lets be careful with each other so we can be dangerous together.
Alison Macrina
15 June 2016
macrina at riseup.net
FBF0 E7DB 1433 018E E52D 0DDA 9FC3 4089 CBE8 3CA3

@_date: 2016-06-16 00:20:19
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 2 more people publicly allege sexual misconduct by 
2 more people publicly allege sexual misconduct by Jacob Appelbaum
Dell Cameron and Selena Larson
Jun 15, 2016
Two individuals publicly identified themselves on Wednesday as victims of sexual misconduct they say was instigated by former Tor Project developer Jacob Appelbaum.
The new details, published in a pair of statements by Tor Project members Alison Macrina and Isis Agora Lovecruft, add additional names and faces to allegations previously made anonymously online. Seven anonymous authors made allegations against Appelbaum on a website created earlier this month. Macrina claimed authorship of the story attributed to Sam, while Lovecruft claimed ownership of allegations made under the name Forest. Four of the authors still remain anonymous.
Appelbaum and his friends and supporters have characterized the allegations as part of a false smear campaign.
On the site, Lovecruft, a core developer at the Tor Project, described an incident during which they platonically shared a bed with Appelbaum. In the middle of the night, Lovecruft claimed under the pseudonym Forest, they woke up to Appelbaum with his hands in their underwear. On Wednesday, Lovecruft published this story about the incident publicly, along with further accusations about Appelbaums behavior. Lovecruft also suggested solutions for eliminating abusers from the community and said people should critique and assess the institutions where this behavior is accepted.
    isis agora lovecruft Jacob Appelbaum sexually assaulted me. I'm Forest on  . Here's my full story and what's next:  15 Jun 2016
Macrina, a core member at the Tor Project and founder of the Library Freedom Project, was one of the first to vouch for the identities of the individuals who have anonymously posted stories of abuse involving Appelbaum online. I am fortunate that my privilege shields me from some of the risks of public exposure, Macrina wrote in a statement claiming authorship for the Sam story.
Macrinas alleges an encounter with Appelbaum, which she claims is part of a larger pattern of violative and often violent behavior. She describes a once-budding romantic interest between Appelbaum and herself that culminated in an evening visit to his apartment, when the incident allegedly occurred.
He told me he wanted to take a bath, and invited me into his bathroom to hang out with him," she wrote. Macrina said she agreed under the condition that she wouldnt get inside the bathtub with him. She said she went into the bathroom and sat down on the toilet where the two began chatting. He immediately began coercing me to get into his bathtub, she writes.
I kept saying no, and he kept asking, she writes. Eventually, Macrina claims, she agreed to stick her legs in the water, but without removing her underwear or T-shirt. Although she repeated that she wasnt interested in getting in any further, Macrina claims, Appelbaum abruptly pulled her inside the bathtub and began washing her.
I was thinking, what the fuck, get out of this situation, Macrina writes, why are you in this fucking bathtub with this man when you repeatedly told him no. After a minute or two of nonconsensual washing, Macrina says she jumped out of the tub and started crying in the corner of the bathroom. Appelbaum continued talking as if nothing had happened, Macrina writes.     Alison Macrina Jake Appelbaum sexually assaulted me, too. Read about why I'm going public, and what we can do now.  15 Jun 2016
Macrina says she began to quietly inquire about other incidents involving Appelbaum among her circle of friends and colleagues. She says she discovered a pattern of violative and often violent behavior using manipulation, humiliation, ignoring boundaries, and outright coercion.
Shari Steele, executive director of the Tor Project, was approached by Macrina and other employees with the allegations against Appelbaum. On May 25, Steele dismissed him from his role as a core developer at the project. About a week later, the anonymous website appeared online, detailing numerous accounts of sexual assault, harassment, and rape.
Jake was my friend, and it took months to be honest with myself about what happened, Macrina said. As I recount in my previously anonymous story, when I approached him about it he would redirect the conversation to tell me why he was the real victim. Macrina says Appelbaum tried to convince her that the allegations against him were part of a political smear campaign and that, as his friend, she was obligated to defend him. As for her personal experiences, those were merely aberrations, Macrina says he told her.
The effect of the website was two-fold: As more accounts became public, organizations affiliated with Appelbaum began cutting ties. The Freedom of the Press foundation removed him from its technical advisory board; the Cult of the Dead Cow hacker collective threw Appelbaum out, a first for the organization; and San Francisco-based hackerspace Noisebridge said he is no longer welcome.
Organizations also allegedly prevented Appelbaums participation before recent public accusations against him. Last year, the Internet Freedom Festival in Valencia, Spain, decided in advance that Appelbaum would not be allowed at the conference or inside the venue and had a contingency plan in place in case he tried to participate, according to Tom Lowenthal, a former Tor Project employee. But those closest to Appelbaum had the opposite reaction. A letter of solidarity was published and initially circulated by 12 women who described themselves as friends, colleagues, co-workers and partners of the 33-year-old hacker. Allegations of misconduct raised against Appelbaum were described as a coordinated and one-sided attack on his character and work, which mirrored Appelbaums own assertion that he was being targeted by character assassins spreading vicious and spurious allegations.
In a statement on June 6, Appelbaum compared the accusations against him to those tactics used in the past against fellow members of the LGBT community.
The statement by Appelbaum supporters was similar to his own in another way: It painted his behavior as eccentric, and while occasionally insulting, never dangerous in their eyes. We do understand Jake can be outspoken and provocative regarding a number of issues, it said, however, we have never found Jake to be as is being alleged. Appelbaum himself stated that he had inadvertently hurt or offended others feelings. For that, he said was sorry. He would continue to learn how to be a better person.
The solidarity lettersigned by WikiLeaks editor Sarah Harrison and Courage Foundation board member and lawyer Renata Avilawas uploaded to a website where others could attach their names. At time of writing, 27 people had come to Appelbaums defense.
The Daily Dot reached out to solidarity group using the email provided on their website, ourresponse.org. We received no response.
Late last week, Micah Lee, a journalist at the Intercept, and Bill Budington, a software engineer at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, came forward as witnesses to another allegation of sexual harassment, which which posted under the pseudonym Phoenix. The story details allegations against Appelbaum that include propositioning the woman for sex at a dinner table surrounded by six of her colleagues. She described the alleged incident as horrifying and the most uncomfortable meal of [her] professional life. The testimonies of Lee and Budington followed public accusations against Appelbaum by security engineer Leigh Honeywell, who in an online post described a profoundly upsetting incident of alleged physical violence that left her feeling "afraid and violated." Technologist Nick Farr, who published his story on the anonymous site after identifying himself by name on Medium, claimed Appelbaum aggressively harassed and intimidated him to the point that he withdrew from the hacker community and stopped attending events.
More than a dozen people have reached out to the Daily Dot regarding Appelbaums alleged behavior. Women who say theyve personally witnessed or experienced assault or harassment on the part of Appelbaum describe living in a state of fear. Were all afraid, said one of the women, who asked not to be identified by name. She and others have described an underground network of that include easily a dozen victims.
Many of the people who say they are victims believe going public would cost them their jobs because the organizations they work for have business and legal ties to Appelbaum resulting in countless conflicts of interest.     Bill Budington On abuse verification: I personally witnessed the testimony of Phoenix, and heard first-hand accounts of numerous other reports from victims 10 Jun 2016
In other cases, women said they were frightened by the prospect of becoming targets of online harassment by the individuals who have publicly casted doubt on the allegations of those who have already come forward. In an encrypted message last week, one woman, a well-known privacy advocate who asked not to be identified, explained to the Daily Dot her fear of making public accusations against Appelbaum: He knows where I live.
Not every organization with an affiliation with Appelbaum has moved to dismiss him or otherwise distance themselves from the allegations. According to its website, Appelbaum remains an advisor to the Centre for Investigative Journalism (CIJ), a nonprofit founded in 2003, which was later registered as a charity. The Daily Dot reached out to CIJ Director Gavin MacFadyen and other board members on multiple occasions over the past four days. Although our emails were acknowledged on Tuesday, the group did not address the allegations against Appelbaum.
Disbelieving the capacity for someone to exhibit inappropriate or violent behavior is a common feeling when a beloved person in a community, a friend, or a family member is accused of something like sexual assault or rape. Even when a jury finds a person guilty, there are still people who don't believe itfor instance, earlier this month, a childhood friend penned a widely-shared and criticized letter of support for Brock Turner, the high-profile Stanford swimmer convicted sexual assault. She later apologized after the backlash. Thirty-nine people in total wrote letters of support for Turner.
Valerie Aurora, co-founder of inclusion and diversity consultancy Frame Shift Consulting and author of the example code of conduct now used by hundreds of conferences globally, said she views the letter of solidarity for Appelbaum as tone-policing, and she was surprised that a community that values anonymity would criticize those who choose to stay anonymous when telling stories about alleged sexual assault, rape, and bullying behavior. I have a lot of compassion for the signatories of this letter, Aurora told the Daily Dot in a phone interview. It is really difficult when someone you respect and look up to turns out to have been abusive towards others. It's even harder when your personal experience with someone has felt so positive. In this situation, many of us would prefer to focus on the people reporting abuse and find some reason to disbelieve or discount them. We often don't react in ways that we are proud of later on, and in ways that really harm victims, who deserve our solidarity far more.
Victims don't report harassment, sexual assault, or other harmful behaviors because there is a culture of fear that surrounds coming forward, a feeling of powerlessness to report abusers because people don't want to be ostracized within their own communities. And as a group, privacy and security communities are inherently distrustful of law enforcement.
Just 2 to 8 percent of rape accusations are false, according to the National Center for the Prosecution of Violence Against Women, and yet police frequently don't believe victims when they report rape. In Germany, where Appelbaum lives, prosecution of sexual assault and rape focus on the force of the perpetrator; individuals must show bruises and injury as evidence that they fought back in order for the actions to be considered a crime.
Yan Zhu, a senior software engineer at Brave, said she knew about stories of Appelbaum's alleged sexual harassment for years, and that it was something of an open secret in the community. I suspect because Jake is powerful and well-respected, so anyone who spoke out against him would be faced with a lot of skepticism and intimidation from him and his friends, Zhu said in a message.
Honeywell, the software engineer who wrote about Appelbaum's sexual misconduct towards her, responded to the letter in a message to the Daily Dot:
    Abusive people are rarely abusive to everyone in their lives. The solidarity statement authors' positive experiences with Jacob do not negate my negative ones, nor those of the anonymous accusers. To ignore first-hand corroborated accounts of abuse like my own is the very definition of apologism.
As Aurora explains, women develop something of a victim's' network, a whisper system that shares information about particular people within a community who are known for bad behavior. This type of network exists beyond just the tech and security world; women in industries from journalism to sports to law to academia to high school and college campuses have something similar.
Aurora describes learning to speak in coded ways to say what you really mean to say. Words of warning could be: Dont be around him when hes drinking, or Only go there with a friend.
The letter, she said, seems to assume that all women have the same experiences, and yet, for a variety of reasons, some women don't experience harassment as much as others. Factors like being high-profile or powerful within a community, having a powerful sponsor, being a certain age, height, or presenting in different ways could impact the amount of harassment people receive.  I will freely admit and believe these women when they say theyve had positive experiences with Jake, Aurora said. And what they need to do is return that favor and say I believe your experience is different."
Appelbaum has not responded to multiple requests for comment. Correction: Nick Farr posted his story publicly to Medium before adding his allegations to the anonymous site. Alison Macrina is a core member of the Tor Project. We regret the errors.

@_date: 2016-06-18 06:27:29
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Jacob Appelbaum Banned From Chaos Computer Club 
Jacob Appelbaum Banned From Prominent Hacker Conference Following Sexual Assault Allegations
William Turton
Jacob Appelbaum has been banned from Chaos Computer Club events following numerous allegations that he sexually assaulted women and acted inappropriately at hacker events. Appelbaum regularly spoke at CCC events like Chaos Communication Congress and Chaos Communication Camp.
    CCC Updates Yes, of course this means Jacob Appelbaum  is not welcome.  - 17 Jun 2016
Applebaum stepped down from his development role at the Tor project, which builds anonymity software, following internal complaints of alleged sexual assault. Last year, Appelbaum presented The State of the Onion, an annual update on The Tor Project, at Chaos Communication Congress. Other prominent figures in the digital privacy community have given talks at CCC, like Pulitzer Prize winning journalist and author of the Snowden disclosures Glenn Greenwald. Since he stepped down from the Tor Project, more women have come forward to accuse Appelbaum of sexual misconduct. In a statement last week, Appelbaum denied the allegations, saying that a calculated and targeted attack has been launched to spread vicious and spurious allegations against me. Appelbaum also said that the accusations of criminal sexual misconduct against me are entirely false.

@_date: 2016-06-18 06:58:37
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] =?utf-8?q?But_it=E2=80=99s_already_too_late_for_many_o?= 
Two dear friends who work for Tor Project came out publicly today with sexual abuse allegations against Jacob Appelbaum, who also used to work for Tor. * * My admiration for these two people is virtually endless. If you only read one thing today, please stop reading this post immediately and read one of their stories. To first order, they made me feel:
1. Rage at what they had to endure in silence. Even more rage for other victims who never found the courage and support they needed to speak up against Jake. 2. Gratitude that the Tor organization has finally rid itself of Jake and will be conducting investigations with the help of a legal firm. Also gratitude that hacker/activist communities are mostly taking these allegations seriously and revoking their associations with Jake. (CdC, Freedom of the Press, and Noisebridge have all done so.) This gives me hope that future sexual predators will not be able to thrive for as long as Jake did.
Beyond that, I was hesitant to write down my second-order thoughts publicly for fear that they will detract from the stories of actual victims, of which I am not one. However, I decided to share them in the interest of giving people a little more context on what has been going on, supporting the existing testimonials, and reminding us not to remain passive bystanders to any kind of abuse, no matter how uncertain we are.
1. I have been involved in Tor peripherally since 2013 (as an admin of a Tor Browser Bundle component) and heard multiple stories from employees who had been sexually harassed and/or manipulated by Jake over the years, though never anything as serious as assault. It perplexed me that nothing was being done to fire or demote him as far as I could tell. I asked a friend, who had been closer to the center of the organization, why this was. They gave some plausible-sounding reasons, like how nobody wanted to deal with the personal attacks and backlash that Jake would inevitably launch upon them, and how Jake was a valuable public face for Tor. I didnt really buy it, but I also wasnt sure what was actually going on. It didnt feel like my place to speak up on behalf of the victims, so I did nothing. To this day I feel guilty. Had I reached out to a few more people to ask what would have helped, or simply offered to listen and validate their experiences, perhaps something useful would have happened a year ago.
2. Jake is/was a close and longtime friend of many of my ex-partners, who thought highly of him and often implied that he was someone worth getting to know. I believe that all of these people knew about his behavior to some extent, so its strange to me that they were friends with him regardless. Its even stranger that people I respect are defending Jake right now, after many credible accusations have come to light. Humans are flawed and complex, but sometimes you have to draw a line for the sake of harm-reduction.
Im left with the uncomfortable, dissonant realization that I am friends with people who have a higher tolerance for abusive community members than I think is safe for any community.
3. This last point is kind of personal, so just to be clear on one thing: Jake has never tried to sexually harass/assault me as far as I can tell, and I mostly avoided interacting with him in person because I heard a long time ago that he does not always respect sexual boundaries. Weve probably said less than 20 sentences to each other in real life. But this year after CCC, I drank too much at a party in Berlin and the next thing I remember was waking up alone in someones bedroom at a different apartment feeling sick with no clear memory of how I got there. I pulled myself out of the bed, stumbled into the dark living room, and found someone I knew. I asked them whose bed I was in, and they said Jakes. I felt gross upon hearing that, but as far as I could tell, nothing bad had happened and I had a friend at the party who was looking out for me. Still, I was disturbed by the thought of being unconscious in his room at a party with a bunch of strangers and a 3-hour hole in my memory. I vowed not to drink that much alcohol ever again, and indeed Ive barely drank at all in the last 6 months.
If people had spoken up earlier about Jake being a serial rapist, I wouldnt have let down my guard and followed my friends to Jakes apartment in an intoxicated state, regardless of whether he had been proven guilty in court or not. Its just not a risk I could afford. It may sound like sarcasm, but Im sincerely grateful that the community is finally transparent enough about one resident sexual predator that people can make informed risk assessments around him and not get hurt.
But its already too late for many others.

@_date: 2016-06-18 07:27:01
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "But he does good work." *Appelbaum* 
"But he does good work."
Violet Blue 
Right now, my inbox holds media requests from Buzzfeed, Daily Dot, Guardian, Associated Press, and newly, La Repubblica, Italys largest newspaper. They are working on stories about Jacob Appelbaum. Specifically, his history in tech and hacking as it relates to his harassment and abuse of others, and the astonishingly widening pool of victims and witnesses coming forward in the past ten days.
Most of the outlets are having a hard time wrapping their heads around how this could go on so long within arenas whose missions are to fight against injustice and power imbalances, and to champion whistleblowers. One might think these organizations were hypocrites, or worse. Some of the articles lean toward framing hacking and tech, our communities, businesses, and conferences, as places where sexual abuse and harassment is rampant and abusers are institutionally protected.
To understand why theyre not entirely wrong, why this was allowed to continue for so long, and how we make sure this ends here, we need to examine some difficult things.
Two weeks ago Tor Project evangelist (lead developer) Jacob Appelbaum, a frequent representative for Wikileaks/Julian Assange and Edward Snowden, resigned from Tor Project. When Tor was mum on reasons, infosec community pressure prompted Tor to make a statement. It said Appelbaum had been accused of sexual misconduct, and admitted that these issues had been known about for years. A website sprung up encouraging anonymous submissions by victims. Soon after, several people came forth with stories, and not all of them anonymous. They detailed incidents of sexual harassment, rape, stalking, personal threats, and more.
Appelbaum issued a denial. The denial was summarily skewered by a Tor community member. The publicist for Appelbaum suggested there would be legal repercussions for libel, but soon walked back that statement. Tor Projects director went on to tell Wired that someone was indeed raped, that the project is working with legal, and that she absolutely believes the victim. One separate story of Appebaums harassment was refuted, and the motivations of the refutation have been called into question. Another website appeared, comprised of women pledging their support of Appelbaum; Daily Dot has since raised significant questions for the people involved in this website.
More witnesses and stories have surfaced since. These include Bill Budington of the EFF, Micah Lee of the Intercept, Nick Farr, Quinn Norton, Leigh Honeywell, Alison Macrina, Andrea Shepard, Meredith Patterson, and Isis Agora Lovecruft.
The question we have to ask is, how many more are there?
I met Jake in early 2005. He hung around a few different branches of the hacker scenes I was in and around. The joke about him, told to me as a cautionary comment by one of the Codecon/early BitTorrent guys, was that everyone said he was a recovering mysoginist. Meaning, he was not recovering, and was quite the opposite. He had a reputation for not being able to keep a job for long, and for leaving them on scorched earth terms.
He tried, in a variety of ways and in different situations and parties and events, to convince me to have sex with him. I said no over and over, and as time went by, he became angrier and angrier with me. I was working with an arts organization during those years, and we ended up kicking him out of our machine shop. The only other person who held that status because of persistent sexual harassment on multiple crew members was Captain Crunch (John Draper). And there is a huge parallel here with both of these men, and the hacking communitys unwillingness to deal with men like this, especially when they are famous.
Like with all guys who start to treat you like shit when you wont put out, I generally avoided him and the parties and events he went to.
Appelbaum got a job working at Kink.com around 2006, when the company was still at its old location. It was a very different company back then, and had a very warm, accessible, and lively community and culture. At the old Mission Street location, Kink would open its doors at 5pm for happy hour on Fridays, and it was a friends and family thing. Id known Peter Acworth since long before Appelbaum was hired, and we have always been friends. Also at that time, Good Vibrations (my former employer) was two blocks away, and there was so much hiring between the companies it was almost like there was an exchange program going onso I knew a lot of people who worked there, and still do to this day. Also at this time, the San Francisco Chronicle was one block away, where I was the resident sex columnist. All of these things contributed to the fact that I was a regular at Kinks happy hour, when theyd open the bar set as a sort-of club for employees and friends to unwind, with beer and wine.
At these happy hours, employees could give tours to friends, where theyd take a group of people around to the different sets and the set-building areas. You could grab a beer in the bar set, and go check out the fake foam floors that looked just like wood in the fake barn set, and come back to the bar with a twig of (real) hay in your teeth like a happy pervy tourist. It was fun. Often, the machine and wood shop set-building areas were where employees in a metal band would be having their Friday band practice.
When Jake got hired, he started giving tours. I only went on one of them. I had invited my editor and colleagues from the Chronicle to that happy hour, and we decided to go with him when Jake began leading people through the buildings for his tour. Kinks main offices at that time were a wide, open-plan floor, with no walls and rows of desks. I was standing with my Chronicle editor, Eve Batey, when Jake told the group he fucked the models, and that hed ejaculate under or around the desk of someone he didnt like. He joked, Dont drop your muffin, buddy! And thats when Eve and I bailed out.
At a happy hour after that, I remember Jake calling to me from across the room (the bar set) so he could introduce me to a couple of friends. They were two male hackers, one who was (and still is) very well-known. Jake said, Guys, this is Violet Blue. She gives great head. I was caught by surprise and mad as hell. He was trying to sexually humiliate me as an introduction to these peers with a lie. The men stood there in uncomfortable silence, looking everywhere but at me. I turned to Jake and said, I think you have me confused with a certain blonde blogger, and told the men it was nice to meet them, and I left.
This is one of his most common attacks: Lying about fucking someone in a public declaration to their face and in front of their colleagues. Humiliating the target while attempting to violate her privacy.
Im far from alone. Isis Lovecruft wrote, He even went so far as to, on the very first [Tor Project] meeting on the first morning, in front of all the other developerswhom I had not yet mettell me that he was okay with my partner and I fucking in the same bed as him while he watched, causing both of my partner and I to feel completely humiliated that our private sex life was being discussed in front of colleagues we had hoped to build a good start towards friendly, professional relationships.
Buzzfeed called this Appelbaums ongoing tactic to make public and false claims that he had sex with whoever his target was. They reported this was something multiple sources have told BuzzFeed News Appelbaum has done to too many people to count.
Let me repeat: Intimate privacy violations publicly enacted on too many people to count. At institutions that champion privacy and attract those who need it the most.
Appelbaum has always attempted to make the hacker scene, and especially the zeitgeist of the hacktivist stage, his own. When Wikileaks happened, he publicly fashioned himself as a lieutenant. And as the voice of Julian Assange, presenting Assanges CCC keynote and representing the man or that work, or being the gatekeeper, evangelist or public persona, whenever possible. He did the same to become part of, and endeavored to become synonymous with, the Edward Snowden documents, also making himself a representative of Snowden and accepting an award on his behalf, and again, a gatekeeper of this arena. Similarly with the Tor Project. He has also aligned himself with the Freedom of the Press Foundation and CCC. He holds secrets belonging to these people and these organizations, and has made himself very powerful.
These are causes, not just jobs or consulting gigs. They are symbols for fighting injustice, and crusading for those at risk of exploitation. Their reputations are fraught and fragile. To attack a person in them is to attack the movement. They are also male-dominated organizations, in the male-dominated realm of hacking, where very few of the men are willing to accept that their hacker heroes, team bosses, and conference buddies might be doing really, really fucked up things to women.
The question is, how long have authority figures at these causes known? Certainly Tors Roger Dingledine must have, and for quite a while.
Kink leadership dealt with the problem head-on. Jake almost literally ran out of Kink after they confronted him, leaving in his wake a lot of stories about employee rulebook changes being created to stop his inappropriate sexual antics, job performance issues  His flaming exit was made complete with a ragey email sent to the entire company before they locked him out of the system, and a bizarre public sexual proposition to a section manager (you should really let me fuck your wife) in front of a team. Scorched earth at the Armory. When the Tor Project statement hit on June 4, people from both Kink and that era of the SF Chronicle contacted me, recounting these incidents.
Outside of Kink, in 2007, Jake had sexually targeted a female friend of mine. Her and I were going to a large tech party in December; I think it was a Wikimedia party, and Jimmy Wales was there. My friend was feeling hunted by Jake, and early in the party she said he was trying to isolate her, and told me she was scared. She is not a big or strong girl, nor is she loud, and he was trying to convince her to go into a stairwell with him. The convincing turned into trying to pull her away physically, grabbing at her hands. I locked my arm with hers, and put myself in between her and Jake. All while he was trying to reach around me, while he was telling me to let go. I said No, shes not going with you. I insisted a bit louder, No. He was livid.
The next time I saw him was at a friends engagement party, 2009. I was standing alone in a hallway waiting for the bathroom. Jake walked up and stood over me, glaring down into my eyes with what my date described as pure hate. I refused to move, I would not look away, and I stood my ground. He wouldnt stop, and exhaled over me with a guttural sound. My date saw it happen from the next room. When he started to walk over, Jake then continued on his way down the hall. My date asked if I was okay and then said to me, Thats it. Lets get you out of here.
These are not all of the stories. He repeated his 2009 behavior in passing at 30c3 when he ran into me in a stairwell, and the next day made a threat about me behind closed doors to a close friend. At CCC, where he is seen as the golden boy, the star of their stage.
Following the initial statement from Tor Project, and all the subsequent reactions, internal documents were leaked from Tor Project.
One was an email describing behavior that created a sexually hostile workplace. In a position of authority as a session leader for the Tor Project, Appelbaum told a group that new members were sexually recruited and vetted by him. Noting that he was already on notice for sexual misconduct, Tom Lekrone wrote that hed confronted Jake about bragging that he was a sexual gatekeeper for Tor . Appelbaum replied to Lekrone saying that his sexualized recruitment strategy had worked with the complainant. Meaning, Jake not only told Lekrone hed fucked the person who complained, but that their issue wasnt valid because if Jake hadnt fucked them into the organization in the first place, they wouldnt even be there to complain about it.
Professor Wolf, one of the lambs has an issue with your recruitment strategy.
But apparently, they still thought Jake was doing good work for the Tor Project. The letter continued,
We believe that, given the commitment to the Tor Project that you have demonstrated and Tor Projects ability and willingness to support your further development, there is a strong likelihood that the employment relationship will be able to move forward in positive and productive directions.
That same day Buzzfeed reported that Tor Project authorities knew about Appelbaums inappropriate behavior, and for more than a year. Sue Gardner said her friends had been asking her why she was working with an organization that employs a rapist. The article said stories of sexual harassmentand worsecame to light at an emotional board dinner.
The dinner was at a conference where stories of Appelbaums sexual harassment were the talk of the conference. Attempting to appeal to Tor Project authorities for help, Karen Reilly told Roger Dingledine, Wendy Seltzer, Andrew Lewman, and Gardner about serial sexual and professional harassment by Appelbaum.
While this was happening, a group of victims planned an amateur intervention, and Jake found out. Isis Lovecruft had helped to try and organize the failed intervention, and wrote that Jake went after each individual, then confronted her.
Jake described all the time, effort, and ways he was using in order to completely ruin someones life who had attempted to stand up to him, as well as previous ways he had managed to get someone fired from their position and ostracised. He pointedly mentioned, several times, the names of multiple people who he had destroyed in the past for standing against him. In his current efforts to harass one of these peoplewhich through backchannels I was already aware of, he said, Ive literally been spending 15 hours a day on this.
Not knowing about the threat, but full well knowing for some time about the sexual harassment and abuse, Tor conducted a human resources inquiry into the matter. Both Appelbaum and Reilly were given the option of taking a 10-day suspension or leaving the company with severance.
For performing the role of whistleblower, Reilly faced this punishment for spreading rumors about the Tor Project. Unsurprisingly, she quit.
Appelbaum remained with the organization. Buzzfeed reported that in deliberation on what to do with Appelbaum, It was a close call as to whether his benefits outweighed his liabilities.
Let me explain something.
When harassment, sexual or otherwise, requires a cost-benefit analysis, you have failed.
You have failed your co-workers, your employees, your friends, the people you claim to serve with your work, and you have failed the future.
Not too long ago, a researcher made a presentation that generated a lot of false headlines. I called it out in an article, confused as to why no one else had. He harassed and abused me around the clock for days online, and very publicly; he tried to get me fired in revenge, and didnt hide it. He wrote a crazy screed or two about me, and did interviews about harassing me, proud of his work.
After some time went by, one of my guy friends started retweeting him and quoting him. Many women know what this feels like. By validating the abuser, acts like these invalidate being terrorized in the eyes of your peers, and you find out the hard way that your friend is not really your friend. An arena closed off.
I sent my friend a direct message. I said, hey, dont you remember what this guy did to me? How can you retweet him in a show of support when you saw what he did to me? My friend replied, But he does good work.
No. When someone harasses, humiliates, discounts, abuses, threatens, stalks, takes action to harm someone, nothey do not do good work. And this is one of the biggest problems in hacker culture, and it will always make me and my sisters and LGBT and non-white family unsafe.
If you find out someone is doing any of the things I have described in this essay, their work is not good. There is always, always someone else who can do that work. And that other person will do it better because they are not handicapped by being fucked up.
Appelbaum was allowed to do what he did because there was always someone there to say but he does good work. There was never a leader strong enough to stand up to him. Groups are easy to divide and conquer. Jake could always find people who didnt know him, and sought out newcomers, so word of mouth warnings only helped those already connected.
Maybe they knew, or maybe they didnt care enough to vet him, but CCC and Assange and Snowden gave him power and that needs to be part of this conversation, because we need look no further for proof that hero worship and the cult of belief is pure poison. He convinced people to trust him with secrets, like docs, and threatened the unthinkable if cornered. Jake also benefited greatlyand I cant stress this enoughfrom journalists who did not check their facts, reporters who bought into his bullshit persecuted-hacker narrative, and blogs like Boing Boing who breathlessly starfucked his appropriated hacks and docs and reprehensible behavior into credibility.
This didnt happen because were broken as a hacker culture, or because were hackers and thus too undeveloped to comprehend empathy. People like Jake can be found in other places; priests and churches, Hollywood, the porn industry, and more. Wherever power imbalances, hero worship, and secret-keepers intersect. People like Jake are found in hacker culture, too, and its past time for hacker culture to deal with it.
These moving forward steps are highly recommended.

@_date: 2016-06-20 13:36:54
@_author: ja.talk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Debian Developer, removed since 2016-06-18 *Appelbaum* 
Jacob Appelbaum
Account name
OpenPGP fingerprint
043E 0E69 DD56 BA59 5905  8756 90BC 9192 B062 91B2
Debian Developer, removed since 2016-06-18
