
@_date: 2014-06-10 00:51:40
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?Qk9TUw==?= 
@_subject: [tor-talk] =?utf-8?q?hide_from_cell_carrier?= 
dear sir i have a Q ?
search engine like yandex.ru
can detect location by cell phone signal   even if the phone dont have gps model
is they any way to hide your real location and how they detect it what kind of tecnology they used ?    is this mean even if i use tor and have simple phone like nokia 1202    and search engine know my number they can know my location using signal bridge  other Q if i am using tor and signup for facebook or gmail and they send me verification sms can they know my geo location exactly location around 10 meter wrong ?

@_date: 2014-03-02 12:00:32
@_author: Jadaan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Protect from yandex 
Please dont ignore me and give me a support give me 5 min please and read all me email Dear sir please help me or give me your advise Yandex.ru have site market.yandex.ru and partner.yandex.ru
They block me .somehow it know me from pc maybe ?
it is very important for my bussniess
  At first i change my usb modem and mac address using tmac soft And delete profile folder befor login
 And change pc name and user name and windows owner name from regedit but this is not enagh They still know me   I want to ask a question Please answer me 4- if i recive an email from yandex and make it by filler automaticly send a copy to gmail or hotmail
  Can they know spacify mobile that i will read my email from    And is there a secure email box that i can read it from my mobile and the sender will never know from where i read it and from which pc or mobile i read it   --------------------
Or is there any comand that i can use to make it Please answer 4Q
?????????? ? iPhone
?????????? ? iPhone

@_date: 2014-03-10 10:26:30
@_author: Jadaan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] bug in onion browser 
please read it all and sorry for poor english !
i use tor browser and also onion browser purchased from apple store    all sites detect that i am using iphone with ios 7.0.6   even when i choose option changer user agent you can check from this link internet.yandex.ru there is a link in blue that show all information about you " ???????? ????????? ??????????"
is this mean that even if we make user agent spoofing it is not real and can any one tell me what mean
crsftoken code in cookies and what kind of information they take from cookies or head of http    to identify me and is there any way or program that i can know or read what there cookies take from me to make identefication
even if
i use usb modem in pc with one sim card every time i connect to internet i have dynamic ip and change me mac address with soft TMAC   and delete profile in firefox and create new one and change in winxp hostname,owner name,user name     i type in cmd  netconfig rdr and all info there changed with regedit    so everytime i connect to internet i check   netconfig rdr it all changed   even though it is not enagh maybe there is top level that i need to change to be hidden ??? but dont know what ? before i thought that changing mac address and profile and info that shown in netconfig is enagh to be hidden but i was wrong ?    what i need to change
all this info was changed even though i was detected     what is this level of security they have to identify me  ?    maybe from using one sim they get info from isp but even when i change sim card every time i connect to internet they can locate you and identify you ?

@_date: 2014-03-19 08:53:58
@_author: jadaan 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor and isp 
dear sir
i have a Q can you answer please ? 1- is tor hide the web sites link that i open from isp or only encrept data  for example if i use tor and open     and in search bar type food is tor hide from isp infomation that i open google or that i search food or both ?
2- is there a method posible to hide from isp totally information about what web sites i open and all activity that i do 3- how can hide totally information from isp and search engine     for example if i want to open site wikipidi and dont want anyone to know that i am open that site is tor protect me ? 4- what about mac address is tor hide it totally and hide my location 5- other important Question very impotant please as profi answer   if i use a cell phone that dont have 3g and gps module very old kind of phone   can isp detect my location without having 3g and gps in cell phone
