
@_date: 2011-12-05 21:33:00
@_author: Jago Pearce 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 2 ways to boost Tor by Tor2web additions 
I think it would be great if it was easier to setup a mirror of an onion site.
I want to make an onion site but I know my 90% of this particular
audience won?t be installing tor to view sites.
So what I think would be a good idea would be to be able to:
1) more easily  mirror an onion site to the web like tor2web but only
for one site.  This way the onion site is acting a bit like a master
backup and then we can quickly roll out another mirror forwarding to
the onion site. This seems much more accessible to me.
2) provide a passworded (premium?) access to a tor2web like service.
At the moment I am writing from an internet cafe and so getting tor
working here would not be easy. I don?t need much anonomity, just want
to be able to read an onion site that isn?t available any other way.
 I know both of these things are a little bit antagnotistic to what
Tor is but I think this is superior pragmatically.

@_date: 2013-01-16 23:12:07
@_author: Jago Pearce 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Leave Your Cellphone at Home 
How much improvement might flightmode realistically provide?
On the one hand, if you are a targetted individual it's basically not
going to provide any protection because with a rootkit it can be so
easily overridden.
However, for the average Joe such as myself who just likes to have a
little bit more privacy -just because- can this be a nice halfway
house? Schedule a flightmode switch every 2 hours to pick up txt SMS
What phone you are trying this on matters of course. If it's a closed
source Chinese phone then I think you can expect some kind of logging
similar to CarrierIQ anyway. However... perhaps that info isn't shared
with whoever it is using cellphone triangulation right?
So what about the scanario of a Replicant O/S phone will those Samsung
modem binary blobs? Do we really know if the modem is being switched
off or not? The only way to give some confidence (not full confidence)
might be to monitor for GSM with gnuradio or (hopefully) RTL-SDR... or
just put it next to some analug speakers?
Professional criminals use a different phone each time and pay cash.
They then have a life of basic phones and T9 text messaging. They then
buy a new phone when paranoia reaches some kind of random level.
Replicating this with smarter phones is sounds more difficult. I would
guess they swap infomation at prision - they are the experts. It would
be interesting to see what the more knowledgeable ones in there think
about how they got caught. If enough of that data could be collected
you'd have an insight. Major gangs might have some knowledge on this.
I wonder what they would say.
How would you monitor if you are being monitored. Because I travel a
lot including to places my country is at war with and read
mailinglists like this I tend to think I'm someone the man would be
interested in. There have been times where phone calls have gone
strange and so forth. Perhaps the systems I and people like me use
would be good for study. Do you have any links or google search terms
on people who have found tracking tech conclusively rather than
(possibly) paranoid hunches?
