
@_date: 2005-05-30 13:06:10
@_author: Jamie McCarthy 
@_subject: Banned from Slashdot 
That's a $5 subscription feature.
Tor's banned from posting to Slashdot, at least posting anonymously,
because of extended abuse.  We hope we don't have to ban _reading_
from Tor, but that depends on the level of abuse we see.   If anyone
has an alternative, please let me know.
Is there any interest in having Tor's exit nodes check a standard
location on websites that are being connected to, to see if that
site has a policy about what anonymizing networks should and should
not be allowed to do?  For example, if we could put a machine-
parseable file at a standard URL on slashdot.org that would ask Tor
not to transmit POST requests to any URL on our site beginning with
"/comments.pl", that would be a way to minimize attackers' damage.
A way to request rate-limiting would be welcome too.  Any ideas?

@_date: 2005-05-30 14:55:56
@_author: Jamie McCarthy 
@_subject: Banned from Slashdot 
Any site with dynamically generated content can be attacked by
accessing URLs that require significant resources to return data.
If you need me to give examples, contact me off-list, but you can
probably think of some on your own.
I think it would indeed be possible for an exit node to do that.
If you mean that Tor was not designed to do that as a matter of
policy, then I guess I'm suggesting the policy could be changed.  If
there's some technical reason, then I apologize for my ignorance (and
please explain!).
Obviously someone recognized that Tor could be used to abuse SMTP
resources and configured the default exit node policy to block
sending mail.  That doesn't mean Tor's designers are opposed to
anonymity in email, it just means blocking that kind of attack makes
sense.  Well, HTTP is the new SMTP, in that it can be abused in
similar ways.  Different OSI layer, same problem.
Right, and of course attackers don't opt in.
I'm a bit confused about how my site could make the determination
whether to reject such requests, but in any case, this would still
put a large burden on webmasters to protect their sites.  There are
many thousands of people on the web administering hundreds of
different software packages that all allow user posting in some
way.  Should programmers write and distribute hundreds of different
ways to limit or block Tor exit nodes from posting?  Or does it
make more sense for Tor's designers to recognize that, like SMTP,
HTTP can be used to spam, and implement a default exit node policy
that makes it as easy as possible for all those administrators to
limit damage?
By the way, would anyone be interested in rewriting section 7.3.3 of
the FAQ to be a little less confrontational?  I think Tor's
designers and many website maintainers (me in particular) are on the
same side, not "adversaries" as someone else on this list described.
I'm not claiming anyone's an "evil hacker," I don't have anything
against privacy, and I don't need to be persuaded to allow Anonymous
Cowards to post to Slashdot!  :)
