
@_date: 2010-07-27 09:07:03
@_author: jason cooper 
@_subject: A quick tor analysis that I did in my spare time. 
Quoting andrew at torproject.org:
   I have to confess that I haven't read most of the papers on there.   Was there some specific ones that you had in mind?  If so then I will  read them and add links to the related ones in my blog post.
   I have seen Xinwen Fu's paper  ( after my  original posting to the list and added a link to it in my blog post as  it gives a lot of details about properties seen.
   The one difference between my quick analysis and the papers that I  have read so far, other than theirs being a much more in depth  analysis, is that I was looking at it from the point of view of  multiple entities trying to control entrance/exit nodes.  Most  analysis I have seen only look at it from the point of view of one  entity, and it was interesting the way that if multiple entities all  tried to reach the same goal independently then they would interfere  with each other.  I found this interesting as I imagine that it would  be very unlikely that a single organisation would want to monitor tor  traffic in this way, it would more likely be none or more than one  organisation trying to do this.

@_date: 2010-07-23 15:08:25
@_author: jason cooper 
@_subject: A quick tor analysis that I did in my spare time. 
Over the last few months I have been having a play with a crude tor  simulator (it just simulates the circuit building part of tor).  I did  three different types of simulation from point of view of a number of  organisations trying adding their own nodes to the network in an  attempt to control both the entrance and exit nodes.
A quick summary of the results was that it would be quite easy for one  organisation to control both the entrance and exit nodes in the tor  network by simply putting enough resources in (i.e. a lot of good  quality nodes that are both entrance and exit nodes).  If more than  one organisation tries to do this though then the overall quantity of  circuits controlled by any organisation drops.
This wasn't a full time research project just something that I have  done in my spare time to answer a question that I had.  I have more  details about it in a blog post at  Jason Cooper.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2012-03-14 13:05:06
@_author: jason cooper 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Question regarding forum software for use as a hidden 
I have recently been playing with hidden services and as we all  know the software and how it is configured can be a key difference  between a hidden service staying hidden and a hidden service being     Assuming a common type of site that would want to run as a hidden  service is a web forum has anyone investigated what forum software  would be best.  As they aren't usually developed to hide information  about where they are running I could imagine that a lot of the common  ones wouldn't be safe to use.
   Failing there already being suitable forum software what would  people say would be required in the specification for developing a  suitable solution.
   Jason Cooper

@_date: 2012-03-15 10:00:04
@_author: jason cooper 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Question regarding forum software for use as 
Quoting "Fabio Pietrosanti (naif)" :
So far the key issues standing out about forum software best suited  for running a forum as a hidden service is
   * it needs to be easy to security audit
   * low bandwidth requirement (Use of CSS over images)
   * avoid php if possible
   * Developed using best practice to avoid secruity holes (though  some will most likely exist)
   * Follow best practice for hidden services (e.g. running inside  virtual machine connecting only through tor.)
   Jason.
