
@_date: 2005-12-15 01:20:19
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: [declan@well.com: [Politech] E.U. Parliament votes to force "data retention" on telecom, Net firms [priv]] 
Hash: SHA1
It seems to me that traffic analysis is the one major thing Tor is susceptible to. Being a real time, the Tor network can be compromised by someone who has the ability to colate ingress and egress traffic, and this legislation gives the "EU" the ability to sit back and examine an entire regional network at its leisure. I also heard a rumor that jurisdictions like Cuba and Hong Kong might be affected, because they use British Net Service Providers.
An over simplified and purely theoretical scenario...
Some French whistleblower guy name "Joe" publishes information about the nefarious activity of XYZ Inc on a blog in the Netherlands. Lets say he posts to it with a bit of regularity for a couple months.
With this new logging in place XYZ might be able to force law enforcement to perform a simple query of the data to discover exactly who is posting the information. It's a simple (?) matter of searching for connection times to the blog, and comparing them to times that "Joe" makes connections to a Tor node. If Joe builds a new circuit at 2PM and the blog is updated at 2:00:01 PM, and this relationship can be demonstrated for some period of time, it's pretty clear that it won't take 6 months of data to prove beyond any reasonable doubt Joe is the blog owner.
Prior to this "broad" loggin being in place it would have been necessary for Johnny Law to have some prior knowledge. They'd have to suspect Joe, and then invest the time and resources in logging both Joe and the blog site. Now, they can simply sift through the already collected data looking for people who use Tor connections at the same time the blog is accessed.
Apply this logic to the "Music Industry" and its dog with a favorite bone tenacity for outing 9 year old kids who download MP3's they already have on CD and... :*(

@_date: 2005-12-15 13:00:16
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: [declan@well.com: [Politech] E.U. Parliament votes to force "data retention" on telecom, Net firms [priv]] 
Hash: SHA1
Sure, anything that removes influence or power from an "attacker" is a generally good thing, but...
Jurisdictional borders aren't the panacea they use to be, if they ever really were. Treaties and agreements between nations can make collecting information from foreign sources a matter of an attorney filing the proper form in triplicate. In some number of places that depends completely on specific laws governing each jurisdiction, this is even an advantage for some attackers because getting around local laws and/or security is more difficult than simply asking a foreign official to collect the information for you.
There's a depressingly increasing number of jurisdictions where some appointed official can walk through the door and confiscate, log, back door, etc any system on nothing more than a whim. It's theorized that this is why things like ECHELON were deployed outside US borders... to circumvent requirements like showing cause and obtaining warrants.
This isn't to say that there's no jurisdictions that might make you safer, just that they're few, far between, and not near as safe as they once were. In fact, I don't believe mandatory logging is anything new even within EU Member Nations. I believe for some of them this is a step backwards if they're somehow restricted to the 6/12 month and "connection only" logging dictated by this new policy. The *real* threat is in the organization and broad scope of the thing. It will effectively transform all of Europe and then some, into one big surveillance tool. :(
Anyway, the latency thing probably wouldn't make much difference at all either. It might fool a casual observer who is assessing the published content, but with these sweeping logging requirements there's no need to wait for the page to change when you hit the [refresh] button. ;-) The blog owner logging in to make the changes is what's being automagically logged, or what can be "force" logged from outside a jurisdiction. And half the puzzle is already relatively trivial to solve due to the forced connection logging. You have to assume that an attacker will absolutely know either the origin, or the destination of every packet, and have the ability to do what they will with that data.
It's also important to note that blogging was just an out-of-thin-air example, and other types of communications can't be subject to any similar sort of That's my semi-literate layperson's take on things. This EU logging policy is a problem of great concern as I see it. In theory at least, it could make Tor and any other similar distributed "anonymous" network completely and utterly useless for serious users in that jurisdiction, and far less secure for people who cross those jurisdictional lines in either direction.

@_date: 2005-12-15 13:53:55
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: [declan@well.com: [Politech] E.U. Parliament votes to force "data retention" on telecom, Net firms [priv]] 
Hash: SHA1
I was sort of hoping you'd pipe up with something more along the lines of "you don't have a clue what you're talking about, you ignorant rube". ;)
Something that occurred to me is one feature of the Tor network will be particularly vulnerable to this sort of broad logging... hidden services.
I can see a scenario where a "questionable" web site is discovered by an attacker that can arbitrarily inject requests to that site anywhere in the Tor network, and colate that known data with connections to certain nodes that seem to go in "odd directions", or nowhere at all.
Agreed. It's not happening over night, and we don't know exactly how it will wash out in the end. I understand there's already some organized effort to challenge the legality of this "edict". But two things we can probably all agree on are; this "strengthens" our metaphorical adversary, and if something can be abused, it probably will be. :(
Certainly any increase in traffic can't hurt, so continuing to work toward making Tor a better product overall would further the cause.
What about generating "dummy connections"? Exit nodes negotiating and tearing down random connections seems pretty low cost, and if it's just connection times/places that's being logged they shouldn't look too much different from real traffic even though there's no actual data being sent.
Exit nodes might even cache destinations and reestablish connections at off-peak times. That information could even be shared somehow, and other nodes could access "Joe's Blog Dot Com" when Joe is on vacation in Saskatchewan or what not.
A bunch of SYN/ACK/RST packets flying around don't really eat up all that much bandwidth, do they?
It's just a random thought. I see the bad in caching (logging) connections, but to be brutally honest we "informed" consumers assume every exit node does exactly that anyway. ;)
It's similar, but there's a major difference as I see it. The US eased off crypto export because there was a strong financial incentive to do so.  US interests were loosing a lot of money being flatly hog tied. I don't see the financial incentives here though. Companies won't loose significant revenue as a direct result of their connections being logged, and I don't think enough people really care about it to the point they'll either leave those areas, or refuse to do business there.
Unless you consider the possibility that the data itself could be put to some nefarious use that would take aim at the pocketbooks of an entire industry or

@_date: 2005-11-16 08:24:13
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Marketing Tor (Was Re: For those using Tor with windows) 
Hash: SHA1
Speaking of the law, what would be your legal and/or ethical 'spin' on the proposition that someone would set up multiple Tor clients and sell access to them as a feature of a subscription "anonymity" service? This scenario assumes none of these "access points" are giving anything back to the Tor network. That clients' SSH connections are simply being piped through a local copy of Tor running in client mode.
I don't see where this would be "illegal" under the GPL or your own LICENSE, but maybe I'm missing something. I believe it's ethically abhorrent to use free software for profit like this, but I don't see any real recourse.

@_date: 2005-11-16 09:56:33
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Marketing Tor (Was Re: For those using Tor with windows) 
Hash: SHA1
I don't believe this is the case though. These three or four Tor clients are being used as access points to the existing, free Tor network we all know and love. They're  using the network's anonymity, cover traffic, and the bandwidth donated by node owners, for profit.  If it were a private network scenario I agree... it wouldn't be an issue at all.
I would certainly hope that at the very *least* a for-profit Tor node would function as a public node, and help move "normal" Tor traffic along with traffic generated by its customers.
But as you say this is mostly a matter of personal ethics. Some people have them, some don't.
I for one would be willing to pay for private network access, by the way. :) I can see a serious gain in throughput from a network of machines with commercial, more "fully bi-directional" connections. And given enough nodes of course, it would be nearly as secure as a free public supported version with the notable exception that a commercial entity is a single point of compromise. The conspiracy nut in me could envision a scenario where an owner might be served a warrant with a gag order that effectively compromised the entire network in one fell swoop. :(

@_date: 2005-11-16 10:02:38
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Marketing Tor (Was Re: For those using Tor with windows) 
Hash: SHA1
It's not so much a matter of using the software for profit as it is using the resources donated by what amounts to a collection of "hobbyists" for profit. It's my understanding there's no private network involved. In fact the service is marketed as "additional anonymity of THE Tor network" (emphasis Call me anal retentive if you like, but I see tapping into the existing Tor network for profit as ethically abhorrent.

@_date: 2005-11-16 12:06:59
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Marketing Tor (Was Re: For those using Tor with windows) 
Hash: SHA1
This is my overall impression of these people, to be sure.
So what, if anything, could be done about it?
Yes. Public forum comments from customers concerning latency problems and replies from the owner(s) about how Tor nodes "have each their speed limitations, amount of traffic they're handling, busy hours and often they run other services too", is one thing that leads me to believe these are access points to the public Tor network rather than a private network.
I assume this is why these clients are not operating as public nodes... to keep their customers from footing the bill for bandwidth consumed by outsiders. In my limited perception this would also appear to be somewhat of a security risk, as real time connections could be more easily analyzed without the added "mass" traffic. But that's another issue all together.
I'm an enthusiast, not a privacy business person, so My opinion might be a bit skewed. ;)
I guess when I consider it seriously I'd have to admit that the potential is limited. You'd be drawing on nearly 100% private citizens and *maybe* a few like minded organizations. That "business class customer" bread and butter probably won't be there. Obviously, selling to mostly individual consumers depends on raw numbers of clients, so....
The other side of the coin is as you say... servers and bandwidth are relatively cheap and getting cheaper. If you have the cash it might be an interesting social experiment.
That was the enthusiast speaking. ;)
I'd hesitate to say "immune", but it would certainly be a *huge* improvement over a single entity. The more the merrier I would say. Compromising 3 is harder than two, and I can see where the nature of Tor network traffic might make it necessary to compromise all sub-networks at the same time.
Just curious, but would a dedicated network allow any sort of "transparrent remixing" or packet reordering? Longer chains? Could these things be implemented without a huge hit in performance? They'd' certainly be another selling point.
I guess I am too, but if you take what's rumored as gospel there are some "Anonymity" providers operating right now with customer bases in the 10's of thousands. And they don't even offer any true anonymity as far as I'm How many customers would you really need to break even? What's the bottom line price tag on maintaining half a dozen servers? If it's do-able with a few hundred subscribers I'd say you'd have no problem at all breaking even at least. The fact that you're offering a high speed version of an acceptedly secure service should sell your pay-for version pretty easily.

@_date: 2005-10-05 13:12:27
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Tor and Putty 
Hash: SHA1
What advantage does this have over a connection to "Google" through Tor alone, other than appearing to come from a consistent non-Tor IP? The connection is in the clear once is leaves the SSH server. From what you've written, it appears you believe that the connection is encrypted all the way to "Google", as it would be with an HTTPS connection.
The first obvious question is "How do you know for sure?". :) Eliminate the possibility you're being fooled by some sort of caching IOW.
Unless your SSH server is doing something funky or your configuration is horribly awry somewhere,  I'd suspect you have both HTTP and SOCKS proxies configured in your browser, and some condition is occurring that causes the SOCKS proxy Tor to be selected rather than the HTTP proxy Privoxy. Make sure your browser doesn't know anything about Tor on localhost:9050, and try enabling "Use proxy for local servers" temporarily if it's an option. I'm assuming Firefox, and it is.
I can think of a bunch of other things that would break your setup, but none spring to mind that would cause it to be intermittent. Maybe a similar "dual proxy" setup in Privoxy's config file?? Some connections being forwarded to PuTTY and some directly to Tor? Privoxy should be pointing only to the connection offered by PuTTY unless you have a good reason forward some connections differently.
It might help to post the  relevant sections of your configuration files and some details. Something might jump out as obvious.

@_date: 2005-09-30 23:48:29
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
============================== START ==============================
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
The problem is that any negative byproduct of the solution impacts all Tor users. Those who choose to accept it are giving up willingly, and those that do  not have lost the privilege of participating in an interactive way. It's not a choice, it's an ultimatum.
I understand fully. I stated before that I'm a clueless noob when it comes to Wikipedia. Three days ago was the first time that I consciously visited their pages (although I knew I'd been there before instantly). I'm naturally and admittedly examining the problem from a purely privacy minded POV. I also understand that this may be an impractical way to look at the problem. It's the way I'm wired however. :)
The Chinese dissident was a metaphor more than anything. I'm sure we could wax eternal about "controversial subjects" and "public officials" and such, and how this Joe or that needs anonymity, and we'd come up with a fair list of valid scenarios where anonymity, or the lack of,  could make a major difference in someone's life. I think it's in this minority's interests that any errors should be made on the side of caution. But again, that's just the way I'm wired.
Agreed. It's a discussion that's outside the scope of this group, and the problem, at hand. The bottom line is finding an equitable solution, and I believe either nyms or "minted cash" would be good enough in the real world. So I'll probably bow out of the conversation before it becomes a holy war. ;-) I've said my peace, so I feel better, and I can go back to lurking and learning for now. Hopefully I didn't tweak too many beaks, it was not my

@_date: 2005-09-25 09:23:53
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: TOR Server Idea 
Tor can be configured to accept connections from machines other than the box it's running on. One could also set up another "central" proxy, like Privoxy, to accept outside connections and pipe them through tor. It's easy to do what the OP suggests with a couple entries in your torrc file, and a bit of configuring on each workstation.
I'd say almost exactly the opposite. As each individual copy of tor would build its own circuit, an observer would at least be able to know how many machines were on a network, and how active each machine was. If you fed all connections through a single copy of tor it would tend to hide not only content and destination, but anything that might partition individual users. In some ways I'd say it's the preferable way to use tor.
There may be some drawbacks like running up against bandwidth throttling when multiple connections are flowing down the same pipe though...?? You'd have to play with it and see how each setup worked.

@_date: 2005-09-02 21:08:27
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Greetings/Question - Was: RE: Have some consideration for users... 
On Sat, 03 Sep 2005 00:44:23 +0100
Assuming Mark does not get your CC, APAS is Usenet newsgroup
alt.privacy.anon-server. There's a moderate bit of chatter there off and
on regarding tor. Also quite a bit of static. :(
By the way, hi group!
I've been using tor for a while. Recently moved across country and
treated myself to a fat cable connection for all my troubles. Was
considering donating a bit to the tor network, but I had a few problems
("bad card in a hub" according to some tech support critter), so I'm
waiting to be sure I'm stable. Which begs the question...
What IS the impact on the tor network if a node suddenly drops off the
face of the planet, or appears and disappears every half hour or so
for an 8 hour span? I'd assume since tor is "real time" the node is
simply routed around, correct? How fast are these things compensated
I'd hate to throw up a node and cause more problems than I'm worth
if this "line noise" slash "bad card" thing persists. :(

@_date: 2005-09-28 02:45:35
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
Hash: SHA1
Has anyone considered applying a HashCash type solution to this?
The tokens are generated by the user, and ephemeral, so the problems associated with distributing "trusted authority" tokens and monitoring their use without compromising the tor network are eliminated. Users could be authenticated via server side script,  adjusted on a per session, per edit, and/or token size basis as necessary.
The drawback of course is the disparity in costs incurred by users of differing hardware. Faster users would find it easier to use the service than slower ones, but the mere fact that a token must be generated to access Wikipedia anonymously at all might be enough to discourage most of the abuse. An equitably small token might be that "not perfect" barrier you guys were chatting about. ;)
By the way, Jimbo,  it's refreshing to see an administrator of an abused service take the time to at least discuss a workable solution. Not being a Wiki user I have no clue what so ever about your specific situation, but I'm all too familiar with the effects of anonymous abusers and the rather anal screw-them-all attitude a lot of admins adopt as their own "solutions". Whether it gets worked out or not, thanks for stopping by. :)
The problem I see with this is that as the name implies, it's pseudo-anonymous. Tor is an anonymous network by design. And there is a difference. It's real time nature also compounds any additional partitioning problems a hard-keyed pseudonym setup brings with it.
Although, this too might fall under that "good enough" umbrella as long as the tor network were disjoined from the nym creation and key distribution process as much as possible. The nyms would have to be managed outside a tor egress point to maintain user's anonymity. I also question whether or not a system can be devised that makes nym creation expensive enough to thwart nefarious users from simply collection a lot of nyms. :(
That's just my opinion, take it for what it's worth... not much.

@_date: 2005-09-02 22:34:42
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Greetings/Question - Was: RE: Have some consideration for 
On Fri, 02 Sep 2005 21:41:46 -0400
Assumed as much.
It took three days. My connection would die between about 4PM and 6PM
every afternoon, and be unusable for about 8 to 12 hours.
Thing is, I could still ping machines outside RoadRunner's sphere of
influence without too many problems, but pings to certain IP blocks
owned by RR fell into a black hole. And ARP requests seemed to come
down the pipe unimpeded. I could also see reliable pings coming from
"tech support" every time I called. I'd assume that if it were "line
noise in my neighborhood caused by a bad card at the hub" as it was
explained to me, all traffic would take a hit...? I'm guessing DNS problems, or a flaky router/whatever somewhere at the
perimeter of their DNS machines, but that's just a wild a** guess on my
Regardless, everything has been rock solid for the last 4 days so it
appears the problem's solved. I'll wait another week or so though, just
to be sure.

@_date: 2005-09-02 22:43:05
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Greetings/Question - Was: RE: Have some consideration for 
On Fri, 02 Sep 2005 22:00:53 -0400
Excellent information, thanks. I was clueless about how LongLivedPorts
See my reply to phobos if you're interested in more details of my (off
topic) problem.
 [...]
I don't plan on running anything unless it's solid. I'll wait a bit,
and if the problem persists even as an occasional thing I'll scrap the
idea until I can find a reliable provider.
Thanks again.

@_date: 2005-09-29 01:49:23
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
Hash: SHA1
I read "Proof-of-work", thanks for the link. My knee jerk reaction was to disagree that it applied to Wikipedia. I assume that spammers and "defacers"  have differing motivations and resources. A spammer might muster multiple machines and be willing to invest more time because they realize some tangible ROI. A defacer would typically be an individual, who might give up the chase if it cost even a small price.
Then I realized I know exactly squat about Wikipedia.
I was operating under the assumption that the problem was more along the lines of nefarious juveniles selectively posting "Kilroy was here" graffiti. Something along those lines. If I'm out in left field about the nature of the attack against Wikipedia, I'd be happy to be corrected, and forced to agree that HashCash would be unsuitable. It's ok. I'm the same way with "hacker".
I suppose I can permit that.  ;-)
I assumed as much, but I saw suggestions that the tor network be made responsible for providing the mechanism of trust. I felt it was necessary to point out that this would inherently weaken Tor.
No, but I subscribe to the "every little bit" philosophy. I realize compromises have to be made in the interests of usability, like the three node "bare minimum" default chain, but I fail to see how even a small chance that some user might be partitioned was justified in this scenario. Especially given the possibility that it it would be trivial to to collect multiple nyms. In the "classical" nym scenario a user generates a key and ties a nym to it. This makes the nym relatively costly. As I saw it suggested, these "nyms" would be handed out at the request of any anonymous user, by simply issuing them a token. Nothing would prevent an attacker from issuing as many requests for tokens as they could pump out at whatever their bandwidth allowed.
Of course I'm sure you're more than aware of all this. I'm preaching to the choir master. You may have something up your sleeve for "rate limiting" token acquisition. Feel free to educate me in this area too, if you'd like...
[big snip]

@_date: 2005-09-30 15:25:57
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
Hash: SHA1
I'll say up front that it would place the burden entirely on you, and your users. You would be solely responsible for authenticating tokens, and your anonymous users would be responsible for generating them. That could be both a deterrent to abusers, as well as a deterrent to some "good" users. There's no offloading of anything to third parties. Everyone does some work. ;)
I've seen a lot of chat about "nym" creation being done by a third party. The biggest fly in the proverbial ointment is how to prevent nefarious users from collecting many nyms, or collecting them in succession as previous nyms are trash canned, without identifying individual users. You *must* know where a key is being sent to restrict its destination to "good" users. That, or a user has to solve some "puzzle". At this point you're back to the same solution/problem/scenario HashCash offers. I'd say that in a pure sense it would be better to go with HashCash or a similar solution, and perserve strict anonymity.
That's something to consider.
In its purest sense anonymity is there to protect that one in a million "Chinese dissident" who wants to post information on the metaphorical raping of Chinese citizens by their government. A "good enough" solution that incurs any weakening of anonymity on users may thwart the BadGuys(tm) and not impact the average Joe in any significant way, but actually be exploitable by an attacker as well funded and powerful as the Chinese government. They *do* have the ability to analyze traffic with some competence, so any inherent partitioning problems your solution has might be magnified.
See, now this is where I think something like Hashcash might shine. If you were to require anonymous users to spend even a couple minutes time generating a token for each and every edit, I'd wager 99.999% of these idiots would evaporate. It's not so much designed to keep that occasional disgruntled pre-teen from diddling a page or two as much as it is a tool to make repeated and systematic abuse by moderately dedicated individuals so time consuming that they just give up.
The nym/puzzle scenario would accomplish the same thing in practice, and be a little easier for your "good" anonymous users,  but the exchange of a key is a problem to real anonymity, even if it is a very slight one. I'm not an expert on much of anything. ;) I'm definitely not a cryptographer or mathematics guru, and I don't know a whole lot about implementing security in software outside my long ago military experience. I do have a lot of experience with anonymity both as a user, and as an admin from clear back in the FIDO/RIME days. I feel I have a fairly good grasp of the practical side of the animal, but I'm far from a useful technition here. You should take that into consideration, and rely on the experts accordingly. ;)
I just can't get over having a problem with that. If you're "isolating" someone, even an anonymous entity, that entity becomes recognizable rather that part of a indistinguishable whole. It just rubs my fur the wrong way. Might be unfounded paranoia, might not...
I firmly believe it might be better to stay away from a classical nym solution if possible. In the real world, our Chinese dissident might find themselves in deep poo for holding the nym keys, while the ephemeral nature of something like self-minted digital cash might shield them to some degree.
Thanks again for taking the time by the way. Refreshing in deed. :)

@_date: 2006-08-17 10:39:47
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Tor and Google Image search 
I doubt it has anything to do with congestion, but there's certainly
something odd happening. I'd wager it has nothing to do with Tor
either so it's probably off topic. But here's my input anyway. Maybe
it will lead to a quick resolve. ;)
I see the exact same thing Brian sees using Tor/Privoxy with Opera 9.01
or Firefox 1.5.0.4, but Konqueror 3.4.2 displays the thumbnails just
fine. That's a Fedora box with yesterday's Tor Alpha-CVS and Privoxy
My first guess was referrer logging, but I puttered with that setting
in Firefox and Opera with no consequence. It wouldn't explain why it
works naked but not with Tor, but differs across browsers. There's some differences in the HTTP headers among the three browsers.
Perhaps someone will spot something Privoxy would "adjust" in one case,
but not the others?? Here's what I see, including some of the actual
HTML because it's apparently relevant but I don't immediately see
what's triggering the differences...
GET  HTTP/1.1
Host: images.google.com
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Accept: text/xml,application/xml,application/xhtml+xml,text/html;q=0.9,text/plain;q=0.8,image/png,*/*;q=0.5
Accept-Language: en-us,en;q=0.5
Accept-Encoding: gzip,deflate
Accept-Charset: ISO-8859-1,utf-8;q=0.7,*;q=0.7
Keep-Alive: 600
Proxy-Connection: keep-alive
Referer: Cookie: PREF=ID=c7a469c3acb40a92:TM=1155822064:LM=1155822064:S=zgdYTWyuienUMwUH
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Cache-Control: private
Set-Cookie: PREF=ID=88c065b5ae6c8432:TM=1155822600:LM=1155822600:S=WbJ-1DcOK3FvBq8P; path=/; domain=.google.com
Server: GWS/2.1
Transfer-Encoding: identity
Connection: close
cow - Google Image Search

@_date: 2006-05-15 01:47:07
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: data remanence (was: Some legal trouble with TOR in France) 
On Mon, 15 May 2006 07:15:55 +0200
There's something similar to this (but better in my opinion) built
around OpenBSD. It routes all external TCP traffic through Tor, and
even spoofs aNY subtle OS "fingerprints" to look like something else
to the outside world.

@_date: 2006-05-15 02:02:39
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
On Sun, 14 May 2006 18:21:04 -0400
Or they'd do everything in their power to make you believe as much
anyway. What better way to garner someone's trust than by emphatically
denying something and habitually chatting up some premise contrary the
the breaching of that trust?
The point is, you can't really know for sure one way or the other.
Someone claiming they'll allow back doors only upon their death is
actually a little bit too bombastic for my tastes. A sane person would
probably relent long before they expired, and hope for the best. And an
ultimately honest person would be more inclined to admit that, than
deny it.
Just my $.02 worth. Something to consider.

@_date: 2006-11-13 20:25:49
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Anonymous Blogging 
It may be as easy, or in some cases easier to actually do this deed if
nodes are located in different countries. Spend some time researching
trade and MLAT agreements, and you'll soon begin to see that things
like post-9/11 mentality and DMCA have turned the whole thing into a
convoluted mess.
If you're going to start picking nits in respect to the various
jurisdictions nodes reside in, and how it impacts the abilities of an
adversary, it's best to actually look into whether or not any specific
geographical boundaries are a hindrance, or an aide to that adversary.

@_date: 2006-11-15 14:00:48
@_author: Jeffrey F. Bloss 
@_subject: Anonymous Blogging 
No, you can't conclude that. Even *with* those three files there's no
guarantees. There's a lot more to it than your IP address, and that is
what Privoxy is meant to do... pick up where Tor leaves off. Tor
anonymizes the connection, Privoxy scrubs the information that's sent
over it. Without Privoxy your chances of being discovered by way of
some Javascript or "web bug" trickery increases, for example. So does
the ability of an attacker to potentially track you by certain unique
qualities in your HTTP headers. Privoxy goes a long way to address
some of these issues, and by neutering it you're really gaining nothing,
and sacrificing quite a bit.
