
@_date: 2016-01-29 16:22:20
@_author: Jerry McMichael 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Going by instructions from somebody, 
Okay as you said, signed up; now can someone help with what is going on with the following Notebook message received as my Mozilla browser was opened, and especially is that the correct solution to getting rid of all the .mico s that were added when this all happened to my desktop files.   xxxx.txt.micro and xxxx.pdf.micro     and does micro stand for microsoft so that microsoft is telling me the solution for all those encrypted files?
 The Message:
   NOT YOUR LANGUAGE? USE  What happened to your files ?
All of your files were protected by a strong encryption with RSA-4096.
More information about the encryption keys using RSA-4096 can be found here:  How did this happen ?
!!! Specially for your PC was generated personal RSA-4096 KEY, both public and private.
!!! ALL YOUR FILES were encrypted with the public key, which has been transferred to your computer via the Internet.
Decrypting of your files is only possible with the help of the private key and decrypt program, which is on our secret server.
 What do I do ?
So, there are two ways you can choose: wait for a miracle and get your price doubled, or start obtaining BTC NOW, and restore your data easy way.
If You have really valuable data, you better not waste your time, because there is no other way to get your files, except make a payment.
 For more specific instructions, please visit your personal home page, there are a few different addresses pointing to your page below:
1. 2. 3. If for some reasons the addresses are not available, follow these steps:
1. Download and install tor-browser: 2. After a successful installation, run the browser and wait for 3. Type in the address bar: wbozgklno6x2vfrk.onion/48ADED8F7554BC7
4. Follow the instructions on the site.
 !!! IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
!!! Your personal pages:
!!! Your personal page in TOR Browser: !!! Your personal identification ID: 48ADED8F7554BC7

@_date: 2016-01-29 16:56:58
@_author: Jerry McMichael 
@_subject: [tor-talk] message disappeared on smartermail {dumber} server 
Please resend last message, my smarter mail ate it up.
 thank you,
 Jerry McMichael
