
@_date: 2005-05-11 14:14:00
@_author: Jim Pick 
@_subject: Hibernation and client use 
[I'm resending this because I believe my first attempt was blocked due to majordomo subscription issues - my apologies if it gets posted twice]
I've got a new node ("jpicktor").  I just installed it a few days ago and I went to the BayFF talk last night.  Quite fun.
Anyways, I'm playing around with the bandwidth limiting features.  My server runs Xen and Linux, and is in a colo (simpli.biz, which is at above.net in San Jose, CA).
I'm using tor 0.0.9.9-1 from Debian unstable.
The man page says this about the AccountingMax option:
   If you have  bandwidth  cost issues, using this option is preferable
   to setting a low bandwidth, since it provides users with a collection
   of fast servers that are up some of the time, which is more useful
   than a set of slow servers that are always "available".
So I tried this:
  AccountingMax 2 GB
  AccountingStart day 0:00
The hibernation did appear to work, as traffic dried up.  However, it seems that I was also unable to use the node as a client via privoxy and the socks interface.
Losing client access wasn't exactly the behaviour I was expecting or hoping for during hibernation.  I couldn't find any documentation anywhere saying that hibernation would shut down client access.
I'm wondering if it would be possible to allow client access while hibernating?  Or is there some technical reason that client access must be shut down?
I'm going to try limiting the bandwidth next, at least I should be able to preserve client access that way...
  - Jim

@_date: 2005-05-11 18:39:51
@_author: Jim Pick 
@_subject: Hibernation and client use 
>>The hibernation did appear to work, as traffic dried up.  However, it
That's what I thought.  I wasn't sure though.  Thanks for clarifying.
It might be useful to people like me who are mostly interested in using the node as a client, but also have some extra bandwidth to donate.
At least, it would be nice to mention on the man page that hibernation also shuts off client access.  Since there is no UI, I wasn't sure if it was supposed to do that, or if I had just misconfigured something.  Less surprise is usually good.  :-)
Yep, that should work as well, at the cost of an additional install.
  - Jim
