
@_date: 2010-05-01 00:15:28
@_author: John M. Schanck 
@_subject: [GSoC] Improving Snakes on a Tor 
Hi or-talk,
My name is John Schanck, I'm a third year CS student at Hampshire College,
and I'll be working with Tor this summer through Google Summer of Code.
First, let me say how excited I am to have this opportunity - I've been
following the Tor project for several years now and can think of no better
place to devote my efforts. Many thanks to those of you who read my
proposal, especially Mike Perry who has graciously agreed to mentor the
project, and Damian and Erinn who have also offered up some of their time.
I'm going to be working on improving the Snakes on a Tor (SoaT) exit
scanner. For those of you not familiar with it, SoaT aims to detect
malicious, misconfigured, or heavily censored exit nodes by comparing the
results of queries fetched across those exits to results obtained without
Tor. It's an ambitious project, originally developed by Mike Perry and
crafted into its current form by Aleksei Gorney during GSoC 2008, so my
goals are modest. I'm going to begin by stabilizing the existing codebase,
and then work on minimizing the number of false positives generated by the
current filters. If time permits I'll also begin designing new filters to
handle adversaries not yet accounted for.
If you'd like to talk about the project (or just say hello), you can find
me on OFTC under the nickname 'susurrusus'.
PS. Congratulations to the other accepted students, I look forward to
meeting you and hearing about your projects :).

@_date: 2010-05-17 00:26:18
@_author: John M. Schanck 
@_subject: [GSoC] Improving Snakes on a Tor 
Hash: RIPEMD160
I definitely think both can be pursued in parallel. I've set up a blog
for documenting my progress,  the most
recent post (5/17/2010) is about the goals of SoaT, and the definition
of BadExit. One thing I would really like help with is compiling a
list of reasons for which nodes have been given the BadExit flag.
I've collected information on seven cases where a BadExit flag was
given, or suggested, but I'm sure there are others.
Had to finish up finals ;-)
I'm starting to build a list of the attacks SoaT should defend against;
I'm confident that we can be completely public about what those attacks
are, as well as what our defenses are - although I'd like Mike's input
on that. The secret config file you mention is less about obscuring which
tests are being run, and more about not publishing the fingerprintable
characteristics of the scanner (rates at which certain operations occur, etc).
Agreed. There's a partial list on the blog now, I'll take comments there
for a few days and then bring the discussion back here to get an idea of
the relative importance of each attack and strategies for conducting the
 John
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
