
@_date: 2006-05-13 17:03:53
@_author: Joe Knall 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
You should be really happy you were set free the same day and even got your things back! Just imagine they'd arrested you several days, destroying your data, they'd found some other less legal things in your home you maybe like to smoke or ...
I clearly do not dare to run a tor server in Germany for reasons like these :(
So my question is: does anyone know about or have experience with the implications when founding an organisation (Verein in german, incorporated society) of two or more people to run tor?
The server/exit node would be run by the organisation, not a human being. Could this approach keep the members' private lives private?

@_date: 2006-05-14 00:33:42
@_author: Joe Knall 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Hey people... why not commit suicide and let them have the crap...
but back to serious: Darik's Boot&Nuke (dban.sourceforge.net) seems to be a sufficient solution to wipe a disk.
What surprises me is that they let Olivier go that quickly and even gave him back his equipment, maybe there's really something fishy about it. I keep the prejudice that cops aren't that open-minded and learn what tor is in just one day.
But I'd worry more about them having made copies of everything and hold my gpg and ssh keys now, and who knows what else...

@_date: 2007-03-07 06:03:22
@_author: Joe Knall 
@_subject: Noobie Configuration Questions 
The browser (and OS...) you're using depends on your browser:) Configure something nice in firefox under address about:config -> general.useragent.override. But care, "Mozilla Firefox Linux" works fine, "Firefox Linux" for instance breaks some things (eg. bugs.kde.org), a too strange useragent may make you trackable again,
it's also possible to leave it empty, play with it!
Privoxy provides an option "hide-user-agent", see You should read the privoxy user-manual and adjust the predefined actions and add your own... It's your world!
Most important seems an aware handling of cookies, js and so on.
Have a look at noscript and flashblock Your other questions are out of my scope.
