
@_date: 2014-03-26 23:20:49
@_author: John Brooks 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Introducing Torsion, 
I?d like to present a project that I hope will interest some of you:
Torsion is a ready-to-use hidden service instant messaging client with bigger goals and better implementation than the previous work on this concept.
The goal [2] is to have a real solution for anonymous chat, with no servers to trust with your communication habits, that any reasonable person can use safely. I think this is a better way to meet those goals than the endless list of server-based encrypted messengers, including those that can integrate with Tor. The current version is a substantial improvement over (and not related to) TorChat, and I intend to quickly improve it from here to be more secure and more appealing to a broad audience.
It?s usable now; there are packages [3] for Windows and OS X [4], a configuration wizard similar to TBB, contact requests, and a protocol I hopefully won?t regret. I?m looking for people to try it out, validate my ideas and implementation, and help plan the future. I?ve met my first milestones; where to go from here is a decision I?d like to make with the interested community.
If you?re intrigued, please give it a try and add torsion:rs7ce36jsj24ogfw. I?m also responsive to email, github issues, and on OFTC as ?special?. I?ve documented the major points of the design at [2], but I?m happy to answer questions and discuss.
[1] [2] [3] [4] No linux packaging yet, see: - John

@_date: 2014-03-27 22:39:47
@_author: John Brooks 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Introducing Torsion, 
You can get a tarball from  and build instructions are at I will be looking into building some common linux packages soon, too. If anyone wants to help with that, let me know.
I?ve also started taking translations via  - more contributions there would be very appreciated.
(Sorry, your mail was lost to me and I had to recreate it from an archive. Censorship!)
Yes. This is an area with a lot of room for improvement. There are a few that come to mind immediately:
1) The HS address is static and public now, to accept contact requests. Using a different address for requests, or using basic HS auth with a specific key for requests, would allow you to choose when you?re exposed to people outside of your contact list. Reducing the set of potential attackers is a start.
2) It would be interesting to see research on how accurately bandwidth and latency measurements over hidden service circuits could be used to identify the peer?s connection/upstream/location. It would also be interesting to see an analysis of whether deliberately throttling traffic would help solve this.
It will probably always be possible to track the connectivity of your peer and use that (in conjunction with DoS outside of Tor) to confirm a guess at your peer?s identity. This seems like a problem inherent to realtime messaging; but with 1) it could at least be limited to known contacts only.
No, which is why I haven?t put any work (yet?) into mobile. There has been some discussion of load balancing and multiple endpoints for hidden services; if those features were implemented, they might provide a path forward. Another option would be to have a persistent client somewhere to receive and forward your messages, similar to an IRC bouncer; that would do a better job of disguising where you?re connected from.
That?s what makes it interesting ;)
- John
