
@_date: 2011-10-10 10:02:12
@_author: Gregg Nicholas 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Comcast Residential - terms of service 
I wanted to support the idea of free speech for people in
repressed countries.? However, shortly
after installing TOR, Comcast threatened to force me to a business account
(extra $12/month).? So, I've killed my
node.? Still don't know if Comcast will force some penalty on me. I'd switch to another broadband provider - if there was one.? (around here, DSL is too slow to be counted as broadband)
Has anyone considered an option to drop client
connections from the United States?? Better yet, maybe we could just drop client connections from Comcast
Support addresses .
(It's beginning to sound like the United States is a repressed country.? Freedom of Speech is only for those who can afford it.)

@_date: 2011-10-11 09:04:25
@_author: Gregg Nicholas 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Comcast Residential - terms of service 
Yes, I was configured as an exit node with default outgoing ports.? Incoming ports were 80 and 443.
I'm not really serious about rejecting connections from the United States.? I'm sure that technique wouldn't prevent Comcast from figuring out that I was running a TOR node.? Just might slow them down a little.
It's frustrating when the only ISP that offers broadband service decides that TOR is against their terms of service.? (DSL is too slow to be considered as 'broadband' in our area).? In my opinion, it's time to regulate ISPs.? Just provide a connection.? Don't interfere with my traffic - and don't monitor it either. (I know it will never happen)
Even though I agree with the ideals of the TOR project, I'm not going to spend an extra $12 a month to run a node.
Sent: Tuesday, October 11, 2011 10:55 AM
Was this an exit node or not?
We're not going to censor Tor.

@_date: 2011-10-11 10:43:56
@_author: Gregg Nicholas 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Comcast Residential - terms of service 
If I understand Comcast terms of servicecorrectly, they prohibit many common applications and products.? Perhaps they wrote the rules that way on purpose, so that they would always have an excuse to get rid of any troublesome customer - because they're all breaking some rule.? I think that the most pertinent paragraph for the tor project is under technical restrictions:
"use or run programs from the Premises that provide network content or any other services to anyone outside of your Premises LAN, except for personal and non-commercial residential use"
Unfortunately, this rule is too broad.? I'm not a gamer myself, but doesn't World of Warcraft use torrents to spread their updates?? I think that would be providing a service to someone outside my premises.Technically, my weather station violates that rule by sending the temperature to the Citizen's Weather Observation Program (not for personal use). If I run a program to post an auction to eBay, or my blog, that could be a violation (commercial because I'm making money from the auction or blog advertisements).? If a customer calls my voip phone, it would be a commercial use of the internet connection.
I can think of several network services that might technically violate that rule.? If I run a speedtest, when my stats are posted on their site it isn't for my 'personal' use.? If I visit any web page, and the javascript program gathers information from my PC for the benefit of the advertisers - isn't that providing content to someone outside my premises?
In an earlier paragraph, it looks like they tried to specifically prohibit any proxy services - but they limited their rule to "dedicated, stand-alone equipment or servers" - and that's not a problem for the tor project.
Sent: Tuesday, October 11, 2011 12:56 PM
My question would be this... does comcast allow their customers on
residential accounts to run servers? I know with some of the cable
accounts on some of the other cable networks, servers are not allowed.
Yes, they will disconnect your service if it is against their TOS.
IMO: For a lot of people, $12.00 is a lot of money, especially
students. But if you look at this way, you are donating bandwidth and
your server to TOR and I believe if $12.00 is all you need to pay
above the residential price, it is worth it. I just wished that was
the case for me. It just makes me wonder if there is something else
gong on here. But i degress....
