
@_date: 2010-08-19 22:15:30
@_author: Julie C 
@_subject: Bigger Thinking [was: Tor Project 2008 Tax Return] 
Date: Tue, Aug 17, 2010 at 2:29 PM
Also, it is much easier for IBM and Oracle to understand the RoI in linux
 ...
I have been evangelizing versions of onion routing including Tor to VCs etc.
Good to hear this perspective, Dr. Syverson. Thank you. But it doesn't smash
my vision of this being possible. The VC's are probably the wrong target. I
really think there must be some parts of the UN - as just one example - who
should be financing the Tor Project. Do lobbyists work on commission? Have
you tried recruiting one or more lobbyists to find a way for the UN to fund
you for $20M a year?
And what about Microsoft? I think someone should be targeting/lobbying them
to include a Tor client and default bridge relay in every version of Windows
8 or 9. Find out what it would take to get them to do this, and keep a list.
Assign someone to this task full time. Tell Microsoft it will take funding
from them of $20M a year. Why would they even consider doing this?
To be a good corporate citizen, to better protect the anonymity of their
users, to do their part to fight the good fight for freedom of speech, and
to possibly give them a chance to one-up Google for once.
Because really, if Google is not being prodded to include a Tor client and
default bridge relay in their Chrome OS then someone is sleeping on the job.
They are standing up to China, at least publicly, and are likely the new
face of American entrepreneur-ism. Do no evil? Then fund the Tor Project for
more than a lame $25,000 a year and GSoC stipends. This should be at least
worth $20M a year in funding from them.
Then there should be some organization in the EU who can see the importance
of having a European voice in all this. That means another $20M a year in
funding please. At least. Then there is law enforcement and the military and
intelligence agencies - for f*ck sakes if someone at the Tor Project can't
see them as low hanging fruit then I will start to cry.
You absolutely have to have someone properly do your branding and marketing
too - because the path you are taking in educating everyone about the
benefits vs. evils of using Tor is not working, nor do I expect it to work
any better. It does work for small groups and individuals, but the fact is
that the general public is not smart enough, nor scared enough, to really
understand what they give up in the name of "better" security. This is a job
for professionals, to get this message out in a really effective way. And it
will take 2-3 years in my estimation, maybe longer.
I am sure I have only scratched the surface with these bigger picture ideas.
On the other hand, I admit this is just a vision - I have not been doing the
hard work of bringing the Tor Project into fruition. But I beg all of you
not to let this hold you back from achieving what is possible. And what is
Julie C.
julie at h-ck.ca
GPG key 06D32144 available at

@_date: 2010-08-20 15:54:38
@_author: Julie C 
@_subject: Bigger Thinking [was: Tor Project 2008 Tax Return] 
Our enemies? That's a self-limiting attitude. Plus, can we take one
employee/executive's comments to be company policy? Plus, would he be the
one making this decision? Plus, what about "hold your friends close, and
your enemies closer"? Plus, he is just one more of the majority view that
the "bad guys" have to be stopped at any cost - and one more reason the Tor
Project needs a professional PR/branding/marketing makeover to tell the good
side of the Tor story.
I don't pretend to believe this would be an easy sell. Only that it
shouldn't be ignored outright when there is so much upside. And maybe this
is not the same old bad Micro$oft that many like to loathe.
Hell, if no one else wants to tackle this then I would be glad to on the
basis of a reasonable expense account and 20% of whatever I convince them to
send to the Tor Project every year in funding.

@_date: 2010-08-21 08:22:10
@_author: Julie C 
@_subject: Bigger Thinking [was: Tor Project 2008 Tax Return] 
Thanks, Mike. That's probably the biggest flaw in my bigger thinking effort.
Tor is, after all, only at version 0.2 isn't it? Sigh. Maybe I am just 2 or
3 years ahead of reality, where/when Tor could run reliably and without
making a mess of it.
But then again, if that is true, then what better time to plan for it than
now, eh? :)
So if no one else is putting their hat in the ring yet to convince Google to
include a default Tor relay or bridge in Chrome OS (in 2-3 years) then I
would be glad to carry the ball on that one in addition to doing the same at
Microsoft for Windows 2013. I've no experience doing this, but it can't be
rocket science to talk to the right people and find out what it would take
to reach a desirable, shared goal.

@_date: 2010-08-23 06:34:19
@_author: Julie C 
@_subject: https proxy [was polipo] 
Very interesting idea. I am considering attempting this in an upcoming
practicum term at school starting in January 2011.
I wonder if you could help me a bit further by providing a list of
advantages this shim would/could provide. I can see it could provide some
protection against ssl/ssh mitm attacks. It could better protect the
"browser" (or other app) by moving some of the ssl/tls/cert logic out to an
open source proxy of sorts. It could better protect users against
ssl/tls/cert vulnerabilities in both open source and proprietary apps.
But I confess to not being sufficiently capable yet on this issue, so any
input by any other readers here would be greatly appreciated.

@_date: 2010-08-16 20:32:13
@_author: Julie C 
@_subject: Tor Project 2008 Tax Return Now Online 
The larger threat that I see is the Tor Project is absolutely ... dare I say
it? ... PATHETIC AT MARKETING ITSELF.
Something has been bugging me the last couple days about the bigger picture
of the funding issue that came to light with the cryptome posting a couple
days ago. It became clearer to me today as I was driving through my
neighbourhood (yes, I am a Canadian) - only $500,000 in funding for all of
2008 for the Tor Project?!
Good grief, my neighbourhood homeless shelter gets 5 times that much funding
each year. And there are likely 15 shelters in my city that get that much or
more - per year. And this is in just 1 city in 1 country!
Sorry, Roger and Andrew, but as talented as you are, I think you have to
make it a priority to get some professional fundraisers on board. Anonymity,
privacy, free speech, and stuff are absolutely more important than a few
thousand homeless people in my home town. Somebody is not getting the
message out, and all of the volunteers who believe in these bread and butter
moral and ethical issues deserve more.
Think bigger, please! Who is holding the project back from not thinking
bigger? Why isn't the UN sending you $50M a year? Big enterprises need your
software. All law enforcement needs your software. All governments need your
software. All journalists, all bankers, accountants, lawyers, researchers -
everyone who needs to have at least some of their communications off the
This is the way to solve the US-centric perception, the fear of big
government - get everyone to be funding your work. And keep it all open
source so no one needs to be fearful of anyone else controlling it. Get
100,000 servers and relays and bridges out there - why aren't Google and
Amazon and Microsoft and IBM and others throwing serious weight behind you?
That's the challenge that I see is vital for right now.
Julie C.
julie at h-ck.ca
GPG key 06D32144 available at

@_date: 2010-08-17 09:05:27
@_author: Julie C 
@_subject: Tor Project 2008 Tax Return Now Online 
Wow. This is news to me, which I probably should have reviewed before my
post, to get more perspective. Thanks for offering it up, Gregory.
However, I see that there is a fundamental, relevant difference here between
the Tor Project and Wikimedia, FSF, and Mozilla Foundation. Who needs them?
What is their value to the institutions who have money? Governments, law
enforcement, military, enterprises, media, and others. I would speculate the
Tor Project (and you) probably thinks of itself as similar to these 3 other
organizations. But why not think of themselves as much more than them?
That's my controversial point here.
They are much more than a homeless shelter too, for example. They are much
more than a friggin database, and yet what was MySQL bringing in before it
sold for $1B to Sun about 3 years ago? Tor is much more than an operating
system, and yet how much has IBM and Oracle and others poured into Linux
over the years?
I apologize for hurting feelings on this point. But this issue is much more
important than that as well. I have listened to and followed Roger and
Andrew and Nick and others over the years, enough to know they are all top
quality guys.
But from an organizational, big picture view, I think it is clearly time for
them to bring in some evangelical fundraisers to move the Project forward.
There is a great base to build on. There is a great story to tell. But think
about it this way - how far is the Project going to go, how successful will
it be, with the inspirational leaders spending most of their time fixing
bugs, doing commits, living in the code, and such.
Also if you are challenging me to speak up, well here I am, and here I will
continue to be. Personally I am also looking at what part of the Tor
software I can work on myself as part of my upcoming thesis term at school
Julie C.
julie at h-ck.ca
GPG key 06D32144 available at

@_date: 2010-08-17 13:24:30
@_author: Julie C 
@_subject: Tor Project 2008 Tax Return Now Online 
Hmm. I think I will add you to my list of "holding back the Tor Project from
thinking bigger" people. But to clarify, this is not zillions of dollars,
and I am not suggesting the Project itself deploy any relays, servers or
bridges. Others like Amazon.com, Google, etc need to be convinced to do it.
Julie C.
julie at h-ck.ca
GPG key 06D32144 available at

@_date: 2010-10-23 12:42:11
@_author: Julie C 
@_subject: TCP stack attack? 
Has anyone come across any TCP stack implementation vulnerability research?
I am interested in reading about what has been tried, and what has not been
tried as yet. At this point in my education it strikes me that the TCP stack
on any Tor node could be altered to do malicious things, and no one would
ever know, or be able to know.
Julie C.
julie at h-ck.ca
GPG key FF4E2E70 available at

@_date: 2011-08-23 10:15:00
@_author: Julie C 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New HTTP authorization attack 
Mike, can you provide some specifics on how the SSL stack is a nightmare? I
am working on development of an open source C-based libevent2-based
stand-alone SSL MiTM proxy but have not yet hit any of the ugly stuff.
Pointers to information would also be appreciated.

@_date: 2011-02-14 10:27:23
@_author: Julie C 
@_subject: Is "gatereloaded" a Bad Exit? 
I suppose the anarchist genes in me are not strong enough. I have to agree
with Mike Perry's arguments, given his credibility, and his clearer
perspective than most of the rest of us. If this BadExit policy is being
made up ad-hoc, that's fine by me. If the offending Tor node operators want
to stand up and defend themselves, or their choices, that's fine too.
Julie C.
julie at h-ck.ca
GPG key FF4E2E70 available at

@_date: 2011-09-27 05:30:38
@_author: Julie C 
@_subject: [tor-talk] blutmagie exits shut down 
So if I sent you 150 euros, Olaf, you could keep them up for another 10
months? If so, consider it done. Just tell me where to send the dough.
