
@_date: 2009-11-25 12:54:42
@_author: Just A. User 
@_subject: Timing attacks from a user's point of view 
As the recent (and not so recent) research shows [1, 2], it is quite
possible for a low-bandwidth adversary controlling the exit node or
destination server to identify all the nodes in a circuit. If the victim
is unlucky, the further deanonymization may use a malicious entry node.
Otherwise, the attacker can measure the RTT distance between the victim
and entry node and benefit from that somehow [3].
One of the obvious methods (of yet unclear efficiency) to mitigate the
issue is introducing of high variance random delays at the routers. As I
can understand, however, the Developers want to keep net delays low.
They have their reasons (the lower the delays, the larger the net and
the stronger anonymity). Nevertheless, a user is able to randomly delay
her traffic before the first router of a circuit. Does this make any
a. the user tries to decrease the reliability of the attack from [2];
she hopes that there will be more false positives and all the
measurements become less significant or take more time.
b. using the attack from [2], the adversary can make a chosen router
delay some cells for quite a long time (tens of seconds). Since such
delay variances are hardly tolerable, e.g. for web surfing, the user is
very limited in her ability to simulate a false positive.
c. the user will have an unusual delay pattern, which could suffice for
pseudonymity requirements only.
[1] Murdoch, Danezis. Low-cost traffic analysis of Tor.
[2] Evans, Dingledine, Grothoff. A practical congestion attack on Tor
using long paths.
[3] Hopper, Vasserman, Chan-Tin. How much anonymity does network latency
Thanks in advance.

@_date: 2009-11-26 15:55:54
@_author: Just A. User 
@_subject: Timing attacks from a user's point of view 
1, 3. I realize that delays are no good for TCP and, in particular,
common packet delaying techniques cause massive packet reordering. I am
also ready to believe that reordering at the OR level is no better.
Moreover, the latter is completely out of a user's scope as that needs a
routers help. However, the idea was to introduce some random delay
*before* the entry node (e.g. at the client) to obtain some resistance
to the Evans, Dingledine et al. congestion attack while losing some
2. As I can understand, that paper suggests a kind of traffic
watermarking and requires the attacker to observe both the src--entry
and exit--dst links. Does not this mean that the attacker should be a
global observer? The congestion attack, however, can be mounted by a
comparatively weak adversary observing traffic for her own nodes only.
Which parameters of the congestion attack should be varied to defeat the
proposed scheme?
Our hope was to make an adversary spend more time to identify the
circuit reliably than it does exist for. According to [2], in 2008 it
took only 3m to identify the nodes (provided that the attacker can
initiate client connections every second). However, since the entry
nodes are taken from a very little set, it seems that the circuit time
to live is not a big obstacle for the attacker. Surely, *any* reliable
estimation of how long the adversary will be delayed for needs
My question was if it is (at least) plausible that not-too-high variance
delays at the client's site can sufficiently mitigate the issue.
I suppose that from a user's point of view, the only fruitful way is
trying to disable any protocol specific features facilitating the attack
(such as JSs, refresh tags, etc. for HTTP). Nevertheless, a malicious
HTTP-server or exit still have lots of opportunities to force an unaware
client application to make plenty of connections with predictable
It is also a good question how the recent changes in the alpha influence
the attack in question. If clients choose the circuit of minimal build
time, does it make delay variances less noisy and the congestion attack
results more reliable? Or if clients dynamically discarded the circuits
that had become much "slower" than they were (i.e. that might be under
attack), could it be better?

@_date: 2010-12-10 06:42:19
@_author: Just A. User 
@_subject: Torbutton, CSS3 and window size 
Thank you for the explanation.
I am absolutely sure I have js disabled to the extent allowed by
javascript.enabled = false.
Furthermore, I tried to filter scripts out with Privoxy (also disabling
ssl, of course)
and obtained the same results...
Anyway, in this thread, Karsten N. has confirmed that the *current*
version of JonDoNym tests
does not require any js.
Is it that bad? Are there any fundamental problems with Iceweasel etc? I
do not think Tor Project
has to rely on the Firefox brand awareness to distribute Tor Bundle
among end users. Maybe, having
an independent "security-oriented" patched branch of Firefox or Chrome
can facilitate accepting some
of the patches by the upstream.
And what about extensions.torbutton.resize_windows? It is not a bug or
my side misconfiguration
issue that I have no such option for the current TB, is it?

@_date: 2010-12-25 14:21:01
@_author: Just A. User 
@_subject: Setting country code? 
Just for the record, how can restricting the *entry* nodes set mess
one's anonymity up? E.g. using entry guards is recommended and
considered to be safe. Are there any plausible conjectures on how to
exploit such a restriction?
On the other hand, consider a situation when restricting entry nodes
could be of some use. Suppose an emigrant does not trust her native
country (NC) secret police (SP) and wants to connect to an NC based
web-server anonymously. She does not know which nodes are controlled by
SP (either in NC or abroad), however, every connection to any NC based
node is observable by SP. Thus, using an NC based entry to reach an NC
based server does facilitate end-to-end correlations. So it seems wise
for the emigrant to avoid using NC based entry nodes.
Of course, geoIP techniques are not very reliable and a malicious entry
could be located anywhere. However, if restricting entry nodes allows to
avoid a priori insecure circuits without any significant adverse
effects, it is worth to have EntryNodes option, isn't it?
BTW, the stable version does not support country codes in EntryNodes
(see l.2512 of src/circuitbuild.c). Are there any plans to implement
this feature?

@_date: 2010-12-09 08:05:52
@_author: Just A. User 
@_subject: Torbutton, CSS3 and window size 
I use a recent (3.6) FF with the stable Torbutton. javascript.enabled is
set to false.
I have encountered the following issue.
In my prefs.js, I have no extensions.torbutton.resize_windows option
described in the Torbutton
Design Document. That's strange. Moreover, it seems the resizing
functionality does not work as
I expected:
Probably employing some CSS techniques, the tests at
are able to discover the browser's window inner dimensions accurately.
The font downloading attack ( based) from that test is also
Is the behavior described normal or expectable? If it is, are there any
plans to toughen TB against those
Please explain this weird stuff to me.
Thanks in advance.
