
@_date: 2007-09-18 02:05:59
@_author: Ano Nymous 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCE] Incognito CD/USB 20070824.1 released 
I hope this is the right place to ask this question. If not, please
point me to the right one!
Im having a problem with booting the incognito cd. i am always being
dropped to the command prompt. my video card seems to be detected
correctly though.
after trying "startx" the screen goes black for one second, and then i
get this error message:
(EE) no devices detected
fatal server error:
no screens found
XIO: fatal IO error 104 (Connection reset by peer) on X server ":0.0"
after 0 requests (0 known processed) with 0 remaining.
it looks like its a problem with the video card driver, maybe? which
is weird because incognito detects my video card correctly. it not
only says that its an ati card, but it also knows the correct model
i had the exact same problem with the previous incognito version by the way.
I hope that i have included all the necessary information. if you need
to know more, to diagnose the problem, just ask! i already tried
googling for the error, but i couldnt find anything useful. but since
im a linux noob, thats no suprise.

@_date: 2007-09-18 10:54:29
@_author: Ano Nymous 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCE] Incognito CD/USB 20070824.1 released 
sorry for creating such an "excitement", it wasnt my intention. i
would love to continiue this discussion on an incognito forum or
mailinglist, but i couldnt find any.
i just asked here, because i couldnt find a more appropriate place to
ask for help with incognito. for those who dont know what it is: its a
linux live cd (like knoppix) with a focus on privacy, and privacy
applications. its pre configured for the best possible anonymity (i
hope ;) )
anyway, i didnt want to take my problem to a random linux forum,
because i need help with the specific configuration of the "incognito"
cd, which i thought was best known here. since incognito is a live cd
it is also supposed to work out of the box with little or no user
interaction required to boot correctly! this irritates me even more,
because i am not aware that i have "special" hardware that requires
extra configuraton on my end. its just a one year old ati card, which
was very popular at the time.
the fglrx driver also shouldnt be the problem, because i have ubuntu
installed on a partition on my harddrive, and it works correctly
there. if you need me to supply logs or anything just tell me how, and
i will post them.
