
@_date: 2005-11-01 09:05:49
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Wikipedia and Tor - a solution in the works? 
I urge you to think about this more thoroughly.  Banning sets of ip
addresses has proven, in our case, to be a highly effective and
practical method of dealing with problems.  This is an empirical fact.
I think that what you are overlooking is that absolute security is not
in any way needed for the control of trolling.  All that is needed is to
raise the costs of trolling while maintaining or lowering the costs of
doing good.
Yes, and trolls could do a lot of things, but those things are expensive
in terms of time and trouble, and so mostly they don't.
Most homes have front door locks.  And they have glass.  So, thieves can
easily break the glass, reach through, and unlock the door.
Nonetheless, front door locks are an effective means of security not
because they are perfect, but because they raise the "cost" in some
important ways.  (You have to break glass, which someone might hear.
You have to break glass, which someone might see you doing.  If someone
is in the house, you can't sneak in without them knowing, etc.)
So, yes, I'm sure if Roger Dingledine or some similar genius happened to
want to troll Wikipedia effectively, he could.  Fine.  We aren't worried
about people as smart as that, we're worried about idiots.  Idiots
aren't going to reprogram Tor nodes to "wake up when a special code is
sent" and all of that.
We aren't talking about bank-level security.  If some vandal does manage
to vandalize a Wikipedia page, well --- uhhhh, actually, that's quite
easy to do, anyone can do it -- and we just revert it.
It may or may not be true that the only _absolute_ methods are those.
But we are talking about practical methods of deterrence, and that's a
different matter completely.

@_date: 2005-11-29 12:22:45
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: use of routing information in anti-fraud mechanisms 
Why do you call them overzealous?  If they are actually overzealous then
they will lose money for their customers (on average) and ultimately
lose business.  But I rather suspect that they are making money for
their customers (on average).
My point, which ought not to be surprising given what I usually say, is
that we should not be too complacent that people who are blocking Tor
are just being overzealous or stupid or anti-privacy.  It can make
sense, and part of our job is to figure out how to help it not make sense.

@_date: 2005-11-06 05:50:18
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Fwd: [sorbs.net #51340] Need help with 81.169.156.174 (support 
People with this attitude virtually ensure that Tor will never be
successful and doom any movement towards privacy on the Internet to failure.
I know I must sound like a broken record, but I believe that at least
some people here are still simply not listening.  People who use RBLs
for hard blocking services generally find the strategy to work quite
well.  They are not out of their fucking minds, they are using a
practical approach to a practical problem and they are being successful.
I would argue that privacy activists and coders who do not appreciate
this point and think really hard how to deal with it are making a very
big mistake.
This does not by any means apply to the Tor community at large.  Most
people here have responded thoughtfully to these sorts of issues.  I
merely want to stand up and say I *love* privacy _and_ I use RBLs for
hard blocking services.
And you know what?  I'm not out of my fucking mind.

@_date: 2005-10-30 00:26:57
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Wikipedia and Tor - a solution in the works? 
No, actually, what we consider to be bad behavior is fairly universal.
If anything, we are more tolerant than almost any other web venue.
For example, we still let Anthony DiPeirro post, despite ongoing
trolling. :-)

@_date: 2005-10-30 20:42:34
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Wikipedia and Tor - a solution in the works? 
It is worth noting, too, that for services like Wikipedia and most
blogs, services which value privacy, the mechanism need not be perfect.
 A little bit of spam, a little bit of vandalism... this can be
tolerated with ease, because after all, we get that sort of thing from
all sorts of sources.
Indeed, if we know that there are good users, users needing privacy,
users we care about, coming in through a mechanism, then so long as it
isn't too horrible, it can still be much worse than the average AOL ip
(for example).

@_date: 2005-09-27 13:46:13
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
I'd like to say thanks for the invitation to join this dialogue.
Let me tell you what I love.  I love the Chinese dissident who wants to
work on Wikipedia articles in safety.  I love that Wikipedia is an open
platform that allows people to have that voice, and that we can have a
positive impact on the world in large part because we don't bow to
censorship and we are willing to reach out and work with people like Tor
to empower individuals to speak, no matter what sort of oppressive
conditions they face.
WE ARE ON THE SAME SIDE.
So it always dismays me to see conversations like this, and I think that
at least some cooler heads here will understand why I get frustrated and
why I make no apologizes for characterizing at least some people in the
Tor community as being irresponsible.
"I share frustrations that the statements attributed to Jimmy Wales in
the record below and in previous messages seem to show some fundamental
misunderstandings and willful ignorance of Tor, and more broadly of
identity, identifiers, reputation, authentication, etc. in open
network communications"
Willful ignorance?  Not at all.  What I know is that we are forced to
block Tor servers regularly due to persistent vandalism.  That's a sad
fact to me.  It's a difficult thing for those of us who are serious
about these issues.  But the really sad thing is when elements of the
Tor community are not willing to face up to this as a legitimate and
difficult problem.
"everyone is so worried about it, but has any one ever been successfully
been able to use tor to effectively spam anyone?"
Yes, of course!  We deal with it constantly.  We have an effective means
of dealing with it: we block Tor servers from editing wikipedia.  But is
that what any of us want?
"Misbehaviour is in the eye of the observer, however."
No, actually it isn't.  There is such a thing as objectively
identifiable malicious behavior.  We aren't Chinese censors here.  We're
the good guys.  We want to work with you.
Yes, we could implement tight security to only allow people who identify
themselves (perhaps we'll require a credit card number, someone
suggests?)... but *cough*, aren't we supposed to care about privacy here?

@_date: 2005-09-27 17:33:20
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
The usual.  Giant porn pictures in articles, that sort of thing.
Almost none, because we block Tor ips.

@_date: 2005-09-27 17:33:20
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
The usual.  Giant porn pictures in articles, that sort of thing.
Almost none, because we block Tor ips.

@_date: 2005-09-27 17:47:06
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
What I'm talking about is people using Tor to post hundreds of random
links to chinese porn sites, that sort of thing.  It is
uncontroversially bad.  I'm not talking about borderline cases about
which one might quibble.
But you are right, I'm not talking about email spam.  I'm talking about
wiki spam.
Make a practical suggestion.
We have no theoretical stupidities, by the way, about the issues with
using ip numbers for blocking.  It's a matter of simple practicality.
Blocking ips mostly works.
What else do you suggest we do?
Keep in mind that a core part of what we want to do is allow people to
edit instantly, without logging in.  We're willing to accept that some
of those people will post inappropriately.  We revert it, we block them
if they persist.  We accept this.
So if you're going to suggest that we require logins or referrals for
new users or anything along those lines, it's a nonstarter.
There is tension between privacy and openness.  So, let's look for some
I haven't yet seen any response to my proposal, which I blogged about:
 -- and I think it was posted to this list as

@_date: 2005-09-27 17:48:59
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
I don't know who is proposing anything like that.
All I'm saying is that Tor could segregate users easily enough into two
clouds: "We sorta trust these ones, more or less, a little bit, but no
guarantees" -- "We don't trust these ones, we don't know them".
Users in the first group could be allowed access to Wikipedia because
their overall level of bad behavior would be tolerable.  Users in the
second group would still be blocked.

@_date: 2005-09-27 19:36:04
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
This is entirely possible, but of course there are holes in it.
First, having a login id doesn't mean that we trust you, it just means
that you've signed up.  One of the reasons that we don't _require_ login
ids, actually, is that it allows jerks to self-select by being too lazy
to login before they vandalize. :-)
But, we could do something like: allow non-logged in posts, and allowed
posts with Tor *for trusted accounts*, but not non-logged-in posts with
Tor, and not logged-in-but-not-yet-trusted accounts with Tor.
Still, there's a flaw: this means you have to come around to Wikipedia
in an non-Tor manner long enough for us to trust you, which pretty much
blows the whole point of privacy to start with.
You have to establish trust in some fashion.  I think Tor is in a better
position to figure out who to trust among their userbase than we are.
(Since all we get is a bunch of vandalism from a bunch of Tor exit servers.)
One might choose to put more resources into the trusted cloud than the
nontrusted cloud, so that for trusted users, there's a net performance
Does it really need to be able to relay all trusted user's bandwidth?  I
don't see why.  The authentication merely needs to hand out a 'trusted'
And remember, perfection is not needed.  A completely non-hackable model
of trust is not needed.  All that is needed is to sufficiently raise the
ratio of "trust" in the trusted cloud so that we can put up with the
remaining abuse.
I don't know.  I think this is a great question.
That seems to me to be no major problem.  A digitally signed token from
Tor which says, in effect, "No guarantees, but this user is Alice has
been around for a few months, and hasn't caused any trouble, so we
figure they are more or less ok" would be fine.  And if that user causes
us grief, then we just say "Sorry, Alice, even though Tor thinks you're
ok, we're blocking you anyway."
Or the signed token could say "Here's a random user, a new account, we
don't know anything about him, his name is Bob" -- and we can choose to
block it or accept it, based on empirical evidence.
It sounds great.  If you digitally sign the tokens and publicize simple
code for checking the signatures, then lots of services would be able to
take advantage of it.

@_date: 2005-09-27 19:39:02
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Wikipedia & Tor 
Yes, I agree that defacing Wikipedia is not spam in and of itself.  The
core meaning of the term has to be "unsolicited commercial messages in
an Internet medium" -- whether the transport mechanism is email, blog,
or wiki seems to me to be an inessential.

@_date: 2005-09-27 19:40:32
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Wikipedia & Tor & ... moderators? 
That's how Wikipedia works.  That's all we do all the time.
Anonymous edits are mostly good, but when we look into problematic edits
in an effort to limit the waste of good people's time, a couple of
things really strongly stick out: open proxies and Tor nodes.  These are
used almost exclusively for ill, almost never for good.
So, we block them.  But I don't like this.  I want there to be ways for
people who have genuine privacy needs to be able to edit Wikipedia.

@_date: 2005-09-27 19:42:08
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Wikipedia & Tor 
We already use this.  It's an imperfect solution, but it helps.

@_date: 2005-09-27 19:50:52
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: [roy@rant-central.com: Re: [arma@mit.edu: Re: Wikipedia & Tor]] 
Actually, the transport layer *is* to blame.  I don't know how much more
clear I can be about it.  Because Tor users are almost universally bad,
because almost no good edits come out of the Tor network, we block them.
Why is it that Tor users are so bad?  The main reason is that the
anonymity provides them with cover.
AOL users are sort of bad, but not universally bad.  Why is that?  It is
in part because of the way their transport layer is designed.
We *do* realize that.  That's exactly what I'm talking about.  Tor
provides an avenue for action without responsibility, and people do use it.
If what you're saying is "I think it is fine for Wikipedia to block
Tor," then you really aren't contributing productively to this
conversation.  There are some facts we know: we can usefully reduce the
amount of anonymous grief we get by blocking Tor exit servers.  So, this
is what we are currently doing.  I consider this unfortunate, but there
you go.
We are not looking for a perfect solution.  Yes, Wikis will be
vandalized.  We're prepared to deal with that, we do deal with that.
But what I am seeking is some efforts to think usefully about how to
helpfully reconcile our dual goals of openness and privacy.
I don't say "privacy is wrong, so Tor should change their philosophy".
I make no apologies for simply ignoring you if you say that "openness is
wrong, so Wikipedia should change their philosophy."
What is it that we don't get?  This thread started off because a Tor
server complained to me about the blocking, and part of my response is
that one beef I have is that some people in the Tor community seem very
happy to simply stick their heads in the sand and pretend that
"Wikipedians don't get it".
That's not helpful.

@_date: 2005-09-27 19:54:14
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Wikipedia & Tor 
We actually do have a huge amount of human resources, this is our great
strength.  But our value judgment to date (not made by me directly, by
the way, but by admins getting their hands dirty in the day to day work)
is that Tor servers just aren't worth it.
Putting Tor users into a "soft block" mode is a reasonable thing to do,
but I'll have to think about how we might want to do it.

@_date: 2005-09-27 23:11:49
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Wikipedia & Tor 
No, we do our own authentication.  Please don't fail to listen.

@_date: 2005-09-28 00:27:33
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Wikipedia & Tor 
We proceed in a pragmatic manner, blocking proxies that cause problems
for varying periods of time with an eye towards being as open as possible.
That's exactly my point.
It depends on the context, but in general, yes, if the choice is between
vandalism and blocking, we choose blocking.

@_date: 2005-09-28 06:57:37
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: [roy@rant-central.com: Re: [arma@mit.edu: Re: Wikipedia & Tor]] 
Because I want to improve the situation.  I want there to be a great
method for people to be able to edit Wikipedia safely and securely no
matter what their personal situation may be, and I want that method to
be sufficiently abuse-free that we can allow it.
I am here in part because I often see statements from _some_ people in
the Tor community which I think misunderstand our position.  Things
like: "Why does Wikipedia hate privacy?"  or "Wikipedians don't get it"
or "Well, it's Wikipedia's fault for allowing open editing" or "People
can abuse any system, like AOL proxies, why single out Tor?"
I said no such thing.  Tor servers exist for the sole purpose of aiding
people who have a genuine need for privacy.  Tor operators by and large
are unhappy that Tor users can't edit Wikipedia, and are genuinely
interested in exploring solutions, especially solutions which involve
changes or enhancements to the Tor architecture which help solve the
problem not just for Wikipedia but for _all_ internet services which
desire to carefully balance a desire for privacy and openness against abuse.
Every single sentence in this paragraph is mistaken.
I have not decided that Tor is evil.  It is true that the overwhelming
vandalism coming from Tor servers makes it impossible for us, in the
current situation, to allow Tor users to edit Wikipedia most of the
time, but this does not imply that Tor is evil.  (It does imply that Tor
is broken, in the sense that it fails to achieve one important objective
(usability), but broken is not the same as evil.)
Authentication of users is _not_ in direct contradiction to the entire
idea of anonymity.  I'm sure that people smarter than me can explain
this to you better than I can.
And I do not propose in any way shape or form that you emasculate Tor.
Rather, I want to encourage some serious thinking about the issue of
abuse because this will _strengthen_ Tor.
Focus on the customer you care about: the person who is genuinely trying
to have a voice on the Internet while living in some situation that
makes privacy a central concern.  This customer needs a method of
accessing the Internet that is private and usable.  "Usable" means that
you can freely access all sorts of services on the web _just like anyone
else_, and if Tor is being abused to the point that it has to be
blocked, then the usability goes down.
In the case we're discussing now, the service is friendly to privacy.
So yes, we are happy to work to modify our service to allow people to
edit privately.  There are limits to how much we can do, but we'll do
what we can.
But consider a case where users of Tor want to speak out in places on
the Internet which aren't hostile to privacy, but which also aren't
friendly to privacy either.  I'm thinking of things like MSN message
boards or Yahoo message boards or any of tens of thousands of blogs
which accept comments.  If all those web services have to jump through
hoops to deal with Tor abuse, they'll take the easy way out: block Tor
exit servers from have write-access to anything.
I don't have any idea what you think this means.
I hope that my explanation has been helpful to you.

@_date: 2005-09-28 07:05:20
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Wikipedia & Tor & ... moderators? 
Yes, we are usually blocking Tor exit points as a part of our broader
blacklisting strategy.  (We don't use outside services for this.)
This works just fine for us -- with the side effect that Tor is that
much less useful for the people we want it to be able to help.
I am not an expert on the design of such things, and I only offer what
seem to me to be fairly straightforward ways of dealing with this
problem.  I am well aware that getting it right is not easy.  But it is
not an easy task that we have chosen for ourselves, so try we must.
The main thing I want people to take away from this conversation is that
answering questions about abuse of services like Wikipedia by attacking
Wikipedia as privacy-hating or by saying that we should ask people for a
credit card before editing or etc. etc. is not acceptable.  It is
important _for Tor_ for the _goals of Tor_ that these problems be solved
to the maximal extent possible _by Tor_.
Wikipedia is a friend; we will do what we can.  But you're not designing
 a system which should only be usable with privacy-friendly websites.
You're designing a system which, to the end user, should to the maximal
extent possible allow them to speak privately and _on equal footing with
everyone else on the Internet_.

@_date: 2005-09-28 07:15:37
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
Because they come to you anonymously.  You can't figure out who they
really are in the real world.  All you know is that they are the same
person as before.

@_date: 2005-09-28 09:27:12
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: [roy@rant-central.com: Re: [jwales@wikia.com: Re: [roy@rant-central.com: 
"Finally, we note that exit abuse must not be dismissed as a peripheral
issue: when a system's public image suffers, it can reduce the number
and diversity of that system's users, and thereby reduce the anonymity
of the system itself."
I'm pleased to report that the original design documents rightly agree
with me that the it is in the interest of the longterm success of the
Tor project that an attitude of throwing up our hands in defeat is not
That *is* sticking their heads in the sand.
Yes, we can lay moral blame on the bad actors.  That's fine.  Let's all
stop typing for a minute or two and just _hate_ them for it.  Ok, now we
all feel better. :-)
But now we're back to the question: how can Tor be improved to deal with
this very serious and important problem?  What are the steps that might
be taken, however imperfect, to reduce the amount of abuse coming from
Tor nodes?

@_date: 2005-09-28 11:00:58
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Wikipedia & Tor 
This is exactly the right approach!
I would say that even some fairly slight changes to the incentive
structure may help a lot.  The less desirable Tor is for problem users,
the more they will shift to traditional broken open proxies.  We can
play whack-a-mole with these as we do now, while at the same time
leaving Tor more open.
Yes, but I don't really mind them moving to other avenues.  That's the
point.  If I didn't love Tor, I wouldn't care about blocking Tor either.
 Let them abuse broken proxy servers, let them do whatever, that's fine,
we can deal with it.  We just want to open up to Tor.
Let me see if I can explain a bit more of the math behind this.  I'm
just going to make up a hypothetical example.
Suppose 100 out of every 1,000,000 edits to Wikipedia is malicious.  And
suppose we study them and discover, hmm, 25 of them come from Tor, which
is easily blockable.  50 of them come from static ips or dynamic ips
that are expensive for users to get new.  25 of them are from broken
Now, our present solution is to block Tor, do various things in other
situations, and this works reasonably well.  Of the 25 bad edits we
block from Tor, some portion of them surely shift to other means, but
not all of them.  So we find it to be a net win.
Except.  Except we don't really like to block Tor.
Now, fast forward, and imagine that the "expensive ip" situation goes
away in a few years, either due to widespread onion routing, or whatever
you may want to dream up that makes our temporary kludge of using ips no
longer functional.
Then we'll still only have 100 out of every 1,000,000 edits to Wikipedia
as being malicious.  How we'll deal with that is how we'll deal with
that, but that's fine.  We'll manage.
For now the key thing to do is to shift the incentives on the bad users
so that Tor is less desirable for them than playing with the broken
proxies or just doing whatever with a dialup account or aol addresses or

@_date: 2005-09-29 07:17:41
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: [roy@rant-central.com: Re: [arma@mit.edu: Re: Wikipedia & Tor]] 
Pseudonyms are in fact a very key part of what Wikipedia does about
this, but as has been discussed at some length here, published synonyms
on Wikipedia can be a risk to some people as well.  This is one of the
reasons I'm arguing for pushing some of the trust/nym stuff into the Tor
Let me explain.  Mary (real name) lives under an oppressive regime.  She
joins Wikipedia and leaves comments at many many blogs under the nym
'The Dissident'.  Her words are eloquent and persuasive, and begin to
have a positive impact.  One of the risks she faces is that if she's
seen blogging or some part of what she's done is revealed, it is _all_
then revealed.
Consider instead if a huge group of basically trustworthy people are
coming to Wikipedia and editing via a cloud of Tor ips.  Even if one
edit is somehow linked back to Mary, the entire chain cannot be linked
back to Mary, because she's been speaking without pseudonym, under an
'identity' (a group of Tor exit servers) that is shared by hundreds of
other decent people.
This is great, and I would love to leave Wikipedia open to such use.
I apologize to you for any lack of clarity in my writing.  I am quite
certain that the fault is entirely mine, and humbly request your
forgiveness.  The mistake I made was in assuming that someone who would
take part in this discussion would already have experience with how
Wikipedia works.  I should have explained the basics more clearly.
I thank you for your contributions to this discussion.
Do you understand it better now?  Do you have further questions?  I am
here to help you.
We do authentication, so that people _may_ establish a pseudonym and
therefore an identity and reputation.  We leave it optional, in part so
that people for whom even a pseudonym presents an unacceptable risk
level can still participate.  This leaves us open to a certain level of
abuse; we are prepared to accept that.  I am seeking mechanisms whereby
we can enhance people's privacy by moving some of the reputation
mechanism into the relatively more secure tor cloud.
But I hope that, unlike Pontius Pilate, you'll stay for an answer. :-)

@_date: 2005-09-29 07:29:24
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
I do not use Tor, and so at risk of offending those who already think
that I "hate Tor", I will say that it has been said to me by some people
that we're lucky that Tor is horribly slow, or lots of people would use
it, making the problem much worse. :-)
The typical problem case, and I asked around for horror stories to
confirm my impression, is that some lunatic first starts writing at
Wikipedia in an incoherent, biased, offensive, etc. way.  The community
at first tries to work with them, because it does take a while to absorb
our peaceful ways if you're used to Usenet or mailing list debates.  But
eventually, the worst offenders end up getting blocked.
Then they go ballistic.  Imagining themselves to be el1t3 h4xx0rs, they
write (or find online somewhere) vandalbots and start using them to
replace pages with "fuck you" or goatse images or... well, there seems
to be no shortage of creativity in the world of the deranged and snubbed.
We don't sweat this too much.  We just block them and rever the changes.
 The problem is much worse for small wiki sites than it is for Wikipedia
because we're fully staffed by hundreds of smart people 24 hours a day.
 The people on the frontlines tell me this isn't such a huge problem,
because we do things to limit the abuse.
One of the things we currently do is block Tor.  I consider that a
reasonable solution to the vandalism problem, but an unfortunate thing,
since to my mind, Tor is something very good.
It would be nice if we could look at the edits coming from Tor and say
"Oh, these are fine, they are mostly responsible edits."  It'd even be
ok if we could look at the edits coming from Tor and say "Ok, so there's
a touch more vandalism from these than from other ip pools, but there's
also some good stuff coming through from places where we normally don't
see a lot of editing activity.  We'll put up with it."
As it is now, we look at it and say "oh, jesus".

@_date: 2005-09-29 07:36:02
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: [roy@rant-central.com: Re: [arma@mit.edu: Re: Wikipedia & Tor]] 
I'm sure the fault is mine.  I often make assumptions that people
already know how Wikipedia works (since I live and breath it every day
it seems like everyone else should know it too :-)).  And of course, I'm
sure that I'm abusing Tor jargon in subtle ways here and there, and
could do a better job of understanding the subculture.
In any event, it is not surprising that these discussions can be a bit
tense at time.  There are important principles at stake, and complex
issues.  I don't mind, and I share Nick's sentiment that the important
tihng is that we increase our mutual understanding and try to find some
positive steps forward.

@_date: 2005-09-29 07:40:41
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: [roy@rant-central.com: Re: [arma@mit.edu: Re: Wikipedia & Tor]] 
That's right.  I'm not an expert in Tor-ish matters, and so despite my
strident manner at times, I am very happy to learn more and understand
why some initial suggestion I might have has already been considered and
rejected with good cause.
And as an ongoing gesture of goodwill, let me explain _why_ I want Tor
to be significantly less effective as a tool for Wikipedia abuse.  It
isn't because Tor is a threat to our work.  One of the nice things about
how Tor is implemented is that we can easily get a list of the exit
servers and block them.  Problem solved.
No, the reason I am interested in exploring possibilities for reducing
the abuse is not to protect wikipedia, but to make it possible for Tor's
goals to be achieved more effectively.
Yes.  The one thing I should caution against, though, is assuming that
the right solution to the problem should involve anything complicated on
the part of Wikipedia.  We're willing to do whatever, but I'm also
interested in how this problem can be solved more generally.  In this
way, tor servers can be allowed to post anonymously and in a hit-and-run
fashion to blogs, for example.

@_date: 2005-09-29 07:49:34
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
I have no opinion about HashCash just yet.  I have to think about it
some more.
The nefarious juveniles problem is partly what it is, yes.  But that
sort of random vandalism goes on all the time, and isn't particularly
What is problematic is the lunatic on crack and steriods who is
selectively posting "Kilroy sucked your mothers cock" graffiti,
obsessively, hundreds of times.  Our admins find it much more peaceful
to just block open proxies and Tor servers than to deal with that for
hours on end, days on end, weeks on end.
I am not an expert on ideas like HashCah or anything of the sort.  I am
a bit of an expert on the behavior of problem users at Wikipedia. :-)
And what I can say is that problem users at Wikipedia are problem users
everywhere for the most part.  Ordinary sane people don't go on a spree
of Wikipedia vandalism.
So the _degree_ of trust we need is actually quite small.  It isn't "We
certify this person to be a certain user, guaranteed, the same as ever".
It's just "this packet is being sent to you from a source that has
somehow tended generally to lead us to believe to some small extent that
the person posting it has not been a jackass, by and large".
Or, as has been brilliantly discussed here already, it could be "this
packet has been sent to you via a mechanism that one might bother to
use, were one a dissident really needing anonymity, but sufficiently
bothersome that were one simply a lunatic on crack, one would more
likely have simply switched to using anonymous proxies".
It won't be perfect, but as an empirical matter, it's probably good enough.

@_date: 2005-09-29 18:26:48
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Abuse resistant anonymous publishing - Proposed solution to the 
Well, at least with respect to Wikipedia there are a few misconceptions
I should clear up.  First, something like that wouldn't be appropriate
for Wikipedia on editorial grounds.  ("No original research") -- we have
specific intellectual standards that would generally preclude that sort
of thing.
Second, 'moderation' at wikipedia is reactive.  That is, people
vandalize, and then we clean it up.
Well, it seems unlikely that we could recruit enough people to do this
effectively.  We already have a huge number of people monitoring the
site, people who are (mostly) sympathetic to Tor's aims, but they get
tired of it.

@_date: 2005-09-30 17:37:37
@_author: Jimmy Wales 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
I don't know for sure, you could ask at wikitech- at wikimedia.org
But we wouldn't ask for money for this.
