
@_date: 2013-07-13 10:25:36
@_author: Buck Calabro 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
Unfortunately, yes you can.
Anonymity and security can't be sprayed on after the fact.  They need
to be built-in from the start.  Tor is more than just a program that
runs on your computer, it's sort of like a parallel internet that runs
alongside the big internet, only more anonymously.  Tor doesn't do
something to your computer to make it safer, Tor carries your internet
traffic over a safer route.
Existing programs on your computer will continue to use the existing
path to the big internet.  Only programs that have been configured to
use Tor will use this new, safer path.  Re-configuring all your
existing programs is a Very Large Job, and not easily done by
beginners.  For beginners, almost everyone recommends the Tor Browser
Bundle because it already knows about Tor.

@_date: 2013-07-14 09:59:55
@_author: Buck Calabro 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
I myself am late to the privacy philosophy - I'm using Gmail :-(  Most
Tor users are far more serious than I am about being all anonymous,
all the time.  The real question is this: Why do you only want
anonymity some of the time?  I can infer that you prefer the
convenience of Flash games and Javascript-enabled web pages.  Every
security decision involves trade-offs, and if that's your decision,
then there you are.
You might be surprised how many programs you currently run access the
internet.  Or even that are running without you realising it!  For an
eye opener, download a personal firewall like Zone Alarm or BlackIce
and set it up to ask you about every request the system makes to the
internet.  In a very short while, you will get tired of all the
prompts.  That's because there are many, many processes that want to
talk to the internet - even Windows itself does it.
This isn't intended to scare you, but to inform you.  Security is all
about trade-offs and compromises.  If you are an activist in an
oppressive country, I would not advise you to run any Flash-based
game, ever.  If you're in the US, maybe the fact that they track you
only 80% of the time is good enough for you.  Remember, your computer
is almost constantly using the internet whether you have iTunes
running or not.  This is why really serious people don't use the Tor
Browser Bundle; they know that Windows is leaking personal information
all the time.
People here recommend Tails ( because it's a
way to get the entire computer to use Tor.  Maybe, for you, the
convenience of Flash and Javascript is just too important to give up.
That's fine, but understand that you're trading anonymity for
Try Tails for a while and see what it's like to be pretty much
anonymous on the web.  If that's too inconvenient, try the Tor Browser
Bundle.  You'll be better equipped to make decisions about anonymity
vs convenience after you've tried the tools out.

@_date: 2013-07-15 13:24:53
@_author: Buck Calabro 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
Every time you leak your personal information, your ISP and maybe your
government has a record.  A data point.  What you like, sure, but what
you don't like factors in as well.  For instance, let's say you often
visit the NHL web site to check up on hockey scores.  And that you
click on... provocative adverts.  But you never visit woman's wear
shopping sites.  Looking at the totality of the record, one might
reasonably assume you were male, despite your user name.  Little by
little, bit by bit, the electronic dossier grows and grows.
This gradual accumulation of personal information is why you'll often
read advice to go anonymous all the time.  Then you leak much less
personal information.  Thinking this way is not easy for those of us
who grew up on an open society; others of us have learnt the hard way
to protect our personal information.  So turn the question upside down
for a moment: How would being anonymous affect you watching 'Like a
The problem is that there are many things running in the background
which use the internet without you actively running it.  For instance,
Microsoft's Time of Day service and Microsoft Update, Google Update,
and the Java, Firefox and Adobe updaters all run silently in the
background and periodically wake up to see if something needs
attention.  Every one of these leaks your IP address and probably more
than that.
Credit cards are a different problem altogether.  Clearly, if you were
to buy something online - whether using Tor or the open internet - the
credit card company knows who you are and what you bought.  In most
jurisdictions, this information is available to the government if they
ask for it.
Tails is a complete operating system intended to be secure / use Tor
from the get-go.  You download the .iso file and burn that image to a
DVD.  Then you put the DVD in the DVD drive and reboot the PC.  The
machine will boot Tails off of the DVD and you will be running a
secure, (mostly) anonymous operating system.  You can surf knowing
that Adobe isn't sending 'usage statistics' behind your back like it
does with Windows.  When your 'private' session is over, take out the
DVD, reboot and you're back to leaky Windows.  There's no
configuration you need to tinker with on your computer, no strange
interactions between various applications, no wondering 'did this new
program upset the apple cart?'  It's completely separate from Windows.
 It's sort of like having a second computer without having to actually
buy a second computer.  Plus, you can take the DVD with you and surf
anonymously at a friend's house if you wish.

@_date: 2013-07-16 10:37:04
@_author: Buck Calabro 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will Tor affect Internet Explorer? (newbie question) 
The point is that your ISP has records that can be used to infer your
personality and identity.  Those records include where you go on the
internet, and where you don't go.
Youtube can use HTML5 - no Java needed.  Search for 'youtube html5'
for more information.
So there are these servers on the internet whose job is to report the
current time of day.  They are called time servers.  They are very
useful if you have a network of computers and you'd like them all to
be set to the same time.  Anyway, Windows can be configured to reach
out to a time server and get the current time so your computer's clock
can be adjusted.  You can check your computer: Right click the clock
icon in your task bar.  Select 'Adjust date/time'  Click on the
'Internet time' tab.  See if it is set to synchronise to
'time.windows.com'.  This is an example of an internet-enabled program
running that you personally didn't start.
Just because you didn't click on something doesn't mean there isn't an
internet-enabled process running in the background.  Time of Day is
only one example.  This is why you might want to use Tails when doing
your research.  Not specifically because of Time of Day, but because
you don't know what else is using the internet behind your back.
