
@_date: 2007-02-05 11:48:44
@_author: Kevin Smith 
@_subject: Problem downloading new Torpark 
Downloading Torpark from China has redirected to Google since at least
early December 2006:
Kevin S.

@_date: 2007-01-13 19:41:57
@_author: Kevin Smith 
@_subject: Block directory authorities, is it possible? 
Why hasn't Tor been blocked in China already? Torpark is redirecting
to the Google homepage (1). The psiphon homepage has been blocked. The
Freegate homepage is blocked. Why not Tor?
Could it be that Tor is being used to help identify suspected
dissidents? Consider the following:
I'm sitting at my home in Beijing using Tor. The Chinese internet
police see my computer periodically connecting to a Tor directory
server or entry node. They know I am using Tor. Ok. Here's someone
using Tor. Who is he? Well, his IP address is linked to Beihang
University. A quick check with the Beihang University IT department
reveals that he is Kevin Smith in building AB apartment XYZ, his
passport number is 123456789, he teaches English and has no record of
political activity aside from voting in those despicable American
national elections. Not too likely that he is a dissident.
Wang Guolu is sitting at home using Tor. The Chinese internet police
see his computer periodically connecting to a Tor directory server or
entry node. They know he is using Tor. Ok. Here's someone using Tor.
Who is he? Well, his IP address is linked to China Netcom in Dalian. A
quick check with Dalian China Netcom reveals that he is Wang Guolu who
lives in building CD apartment UVW on Renmin Lu. His ID number is
987654321, he has a low paying job at a local factory and is suspected
of being a member of the FLG. A relatively low paid factory worker
using advanced internet anonymizing software? That just screams
The above situation has been suggested before on the mailing list:
(1) Kevin S.

@_date: 2007-01-14 12:15:02
@_author: Kevin Smith 
@_subject: Block directory authorities, is it possible? 
I agree with you that it is unlikely that monitoring Tor users plays
much if any role in identifying dissidents in China given its relative
complexity when compared to other methods, however I am still
perplexed as to why Tor has not been blocked. If reasons A) and B) are
true, then why does the Torpark download reroute to Google's homepage?
Torpark users are a subset of Tor users, and I would imagine that
Torpark users in general are more experienced computer users as well,
ie., wouldn't Torpark also be perceived as a tool for experts?
Furthermore, why has the psiphon homepage been blocked? Users of
psiphon in China are likely far fewer than users of Tor, and because
psiphon essentially requires Chinese users to have a trusted contact
running a psiphon server abroad the likelihood of psiphon ever
becoming as popular or as useful as Tor is in China is nil.
Reason C) seems pretty reasonable, and also provides a reason as to
why both Torpark and psiphon have been blocked.

@_date: 2007-01-15 08:39:34
@_author: Kevin Smith 
@_subject: Block directory authorities, is it possible? 
I have never heard that the Tor website  has been
blocked in China, nor any URLs under that website. It is currently not
blocked by my ISP in Beijing, nor was it blocked by my ISP in Shandong
province when I lived there.
I was, however, referring to the Tor service itself, not the website,
though I did not make that clear.
The psiphon website, on the other hand, has been blocked, at least by my ISP in Beijing, but the psiphon
service has not been and most likely could not be effectively blocked
without blocking all encrypted tunnels since the IP addresses of
psiphon servers do not have to be publicly known. Tor on the other
hand could be blocked without blocking encrypted tunnels by simply
blocking the IP addresses of Tor servers, since the IP addresses of
Tor servers are and essentially must be publicly known, and
furthermore this is exactly how websites are currently being blocked
in China, ie., the IP address of the server they are hosted on is
blocked. So from the point of view of the Chinese firewall, there
really would be no difference between blocking an IP address serving
up a website and blocking an IP address routing Tor requests.
I think it is very interesting in and of itself that the main Tor
website  has not been blocked. Perhaps it's the
Great Firewall's way of saying, "We are knowingly allowing this
Kevin S.

@_date: 2007-01-15 11:38:56
@_author: Kevin Smith 
@_subject: Block directory authorities, is it possible? 
I don't think it is an oversight that tor.eff.org has not been blocked
in my case. I have never heard of the Tor site being blocked anywhere
in China. My friends in Beijing, Shanghai and Shandong province are
able to access it and I was able to access it continuously for three
years in Shandong when I lived there.
When a page is blocked it usually looks like it has timed out. I'm not
clear as to how the blocking works. It seems that sensitive keywords
in a webpage trigger the firewall to send a TCP reset to both the
client and the server(1), but I do not know how specific IP addresses
are blocked. I guess the routers at the great firewall just stop the
client's request from reaching the server at that specific IP address
and that the router at the firewall doesn't send any response back to
the client so that it looks like a timeout. Someone please correct me
if I'm wrong about this.
(1) Kevin S.

@_date: 2007-09-17 17:47:51
@_author: Kevin Smith 
@_subject: CN's nodes lookin' uncool, do they? 
Perhaps the default behavior of clicking the Vidalia Tor server button
should be to make the server a middleman and not an exit node. Not
only would this help reduce exit nodes in China and other countries
where the site being requested might actually be blocked by the ISP,
but also it would help to protect novice Tor users who want to
contribute some bandwidth but who are unaware of the potential
pitfalls of running an exit node.
