
@_date: 2009-05-22 17:49:52
@_author: Kory Kirk 
@_subject: GSoC Introduction! 
Hello everyone,
    I am a little late on my introduction, but this tardiness won't be
reflected in any of my work - don't worry. My name is Kory Kirk, I just
graduated with a Bachelors in Computer Science from Villanova University
(outside of Philadelphia, PA) last weekend. In the fall I will be returning
to Villanova to complete my Masters, I am in a 5-year BS/MS program. This
summer I will be working with my mentor, Mike Perry, on adding some features
to the TorButton Firefox extension. I am really excited to get back into
programming Firefox extensions. The main features of Torbutton that I plan
to work on are : tor:// & tors:// protocol handling, better respoofing, and
precise cookie control, more details can be found here
 . I would highly appreciate any ideas
or feedback you want to shoot my way.
   This is my first year participating in Google Summer of Code, and I am
really happy to be with the Tor Project. I don't know what else goes in an
introduction, so here are a few things about me that might be relevant: I am
almost always on IRC - on my computer and sometimes on my phone (nick:
koryk). I am from Dallas, TX, USA and will be spending my summer there, and
will be in Central Standard Time (UTC - 6). I stay up late. I love reddit.
I am looking forward to contributing to the community.

@_date: 2010-07-25 18:33:32
@_author: Kory Kirk 
@_subject: A suggestion to TOR [a proxy server] 
I think this can be achieved with a Java applet. So maybe when JTor is
finished. A relay could host a web server, and have the Java applet on it.
The applet would need to be signed, and could be further verified by a
checksum, which could be done automatically by Torbutton. The server would
act as the entry point for all of your circuits. Since the JVM is running on
your machine, the entry point would not see the destination. Imagine if
there was a list of relays implementing this method, and you could possibly
choose one by location.
I think this would be solved because data going from the client to the proxy
server would be the same as normal traffic between client and entry node.
Although it would probably bring up all sorts of adversarial issues. I am
interested if anyone sees a major flaw in this design.

@_date: 2010-07-25 20:31:30
@_author: Kory Kirk 
@_subject: A suggestion to TOR [a proxy server] 
installation of applications, not allowing usb drives), it doesn't
necessarily mean that the validation systems are untrustworthy. Although I
understand the point, it can be applied for most workplace machines, or a
machine that have more than one user with admin/root. The browser or JVM
would have to be modified to break the validation system on the local
machine.  It could also be done via MITM because the user would be going
through the local network.  The main validation system necessary here would
be the signed applet, which is handled by Java, which is called by the
browser. Could additionally be verified by manually comparing the
fingerprint of the public key used to verify the jar. The lookup for the
fingerprints of the key would need to be done on an alternative
connection. It seems to me that it would be much easier to just block it
than compromise the verification mechanisms on the local computer.
More practically important,
  Torbutton is just a firefox extension. I have no idea how it could be
shipped including tor itself.  In my experience with windows machines in
computer labs, you are able to install firefox extensions without the
permissions to install programs. I mentioned torbutton for automatic
checksum verification of the jar, it wouldn't be necessary - just
convenient, because it could be done manually as well.
I don't see a reason for the server/relay to be providing torbutton, it is
available through Mozilla and torproject. Also, firefox extensions can be
signed and verified (and the pk could be manually verified).

@_date: 2010-05-19 20:24:21
@_author: Kory Kirk 
@_subject: [GSoC] JTor Hidden Services 
Hello Everyone,
   I am doing GSoC this summer with Tor. My name is Kory Kirk, I am a
Computer Science masters student at Villanova University (west of
Philadelphia); I will be graduating this weekend and then I am moving to
Austin, TX a week later. Last year I also participated in GSoC with the Tor
project adding features to Torbutton Firefox extension. This summer I will
be working on implementing Hidden Service access and publishing capabilities
in the Java implementation of Tor, JTor, with Bruce Leidl. In addition, I
will be revising rend-spec to reflect the current state of Tor hidden
services. You can follow my progress by checking for updates on my GSoC
blog, my proposal is also available there.
  I am very excited to have another Summer of Code with Tor. I look forward
to collaborating with people! My irc nick is koryk feel free to shoot me a
message if you have any questions/critiques of my proposal.

@_date: 2011-01-11 17:50:36
@_author: Kory Kirk 
@_subject: geeez... 
I don't think anyone on this list is "too cool" to give instructions, it is
just that instructions already exist.
The Tor Project website has information on how to set up a relay.
Mike Perry also wrote this great guide for running an exit node.
