
@_date: 2007-08-14 11:16:27
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Proposal: Two hop paths from entry guards 
(Response to an old message on or-dev, pasted below)
Could not we accomplish the about same thing by using a standard,
three hop circuit, where the middleman is also and exit node?
Alice (who is an entry guard) -> entry node -> middleman node (who
also allows exits) -> exit node
The entry node would then not know if it was an entry or a middleman
node, since the next hop would allow exits, no?
This would have the same weaknesses as below, but if someone did
figure out you were playing this game, you would still have the
standard three-hop circuit.  Hence, it would be less risky for exit
nodes to try it, although it still would not work as well for them.
Also, the entry node might notice the middleman node was taking rather
long to respond.
Of course, if many people did this, it would put further strain on
exit nodes.  However, since it is only useful to people running Tor
nodes, perhaps it would not be too much strain.
------ Original Message -----
Title: Proposal: Two hop paths from entry guards
Delivered-to: archiver at xxxxxxxx
Delivered-to: or-dev-outgoing at xxxxxxxx
Delivered-to: or-dev at xxxxxxxx
Delivery-date: Tue, 26 Jun 2007 13:45:23 -0400
Dkim-signature: a=rsa-sha1; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=gmail.com; s=beta;
Domainkey-signature: a=rsa-sha1; c=nofws; d=gmail.com; s=beta;
Reply-to: or-dev at xxxxxxxxxxxxx
Sender: owner-or-dev at xxxxxxxxxxxxx
 Title: Two hop paths from entry guards
This proposal is related to (but different from) Mike Perry's proposal
"Two Hop Paths."  See
Volunteers who run entry guards should have the option of using only 2
additional tor nodes when constructing their own tor circuits.
While the option of two hop paths should perhaps be extended to every
client (as discussed in Mike Perry's thread), I believe the anonymity
properties of two hop paths are particularly well-suited to client
computers that are also serving as entry guards.
First I will describe the details of the strategy, as well as possible
avenues of attack. Then I will list advantages and disadvantages.
Then, I will discuss some possibly safer variations of the strategy,
and finally some implementation issues.
Suppose Alice is an entry guard, and wants to construct a two hop
circuit. Alice chooses a middle node at random (not using the entry
guard strategy), and gains anonymity by having her traffic look just
like traffic from someone else using her as an entry guard.
Can Alice's middle node figure out that she is initiator of the
traffic? I can think of four possible approaches for distinguishing
traffic from Alice with traffic  through Alice:
1) Notice that communication from Alice comes too fast:
Experimentation is needed to determine if traffic from Alice can be
distinguished from traffic from a computer with a decent link to
2) Monitor Alice's network traffic to discover the lack of incoming
packets at the appropriate times. If an adversary has this ability,
then Alice already has problems in the current system, because the
adversary can run a standard timing attack on Alice's traffic.
3) Notice that traffic from Alice is unique in some way such that if
Alice was just one of 3 entry guards for this traffic, then the
traffic should be coming from two other entry guards as well. An
example of "unique traffic" could be always sending 117 packets every
3 minutes to an exit node that exits to port 4661. However, if such
patterns existed with sufficient precision, then it seems to me that
Tor already has a problem. (This "unique traffic" may not be a problem
if clients often end up choosing a single entry guard because their
other two are down. Does anyone know if this is the case?)
4) First, control the middle node *and* some other part of the
traffic, using standard attacks on a two hop circuit without entry
nodes (my recent paper on Browser-Based Attacks would work well for
this ). With control of the circuit, we can now cause "unique traffic" as
in 3). Alternatively, if we know something about Alice independently,
and we can see what websites are being visited, we might be able to
guess that she is the kind of person that would visit those websites.
Anonymity Advantages:
-Alice never has the problem of choosing a malicious entry guard. In
some sense, Alice acts as her own entry guard.
Anonymity Disadvantages:
-If Alice's traffic is identified as originating from herself (see
above for how hard that might be), then she has the anonymity of a 2
hop circuit without entry guards.
Additional advantages:
-A discussion of the latency advantages of two hop circuits is going
on in Mike Perry's thread already.
-Also, we can advertise this change as "Run an entry guard and
decrease your own Tor latency." This incentive has the potential to
add nodes to the network, improving the network as a whole.
Safer variations:
To solve the "unique traffic" problem, Alice could use two hop paths
only 1/3 of the time, and choose 2 other entry guards for the other
2/3 of the time. All the advantages are now 1/3 as useful (possibly
more, if the other 2 entry guards are not always up).
To solve the problem that Alice's responses are too fast, Alice could
delay her responses (ideally based on some real data of response time
when Alice is used an entry guard). This loses most of the speed
advantages of the two hop path, but if Alice is a fast entry guard, it
doesn't lose everything. It also still has the (arguable) anonymity
advantage that Alice doesn't have to worry about having a malicious
entry guard.
Implementation details:
For Alice to remain anonymous using this strategy, she has to actually
be acting as an entry guard for other nodes. This means the two hop
option can only be available to whatever high-performance threshold is
currently set on entry guards. Alice may need to somehow check her own
current status as an entry guard before choosing this two hop
Another thing to consider: suppose Alice is also an exit node. If the
fraction of exit nodes in existence is too small, she may rarely or
never be chosen as an entry guard. It would be sad if we offered an
incentive to run an entry guard that didn't extend to exit nodes. I
suppose clients of Exit nodes could pull the same trick, and bypass
using Tor altogether (zero hop paths), though that has additional
Mike Lieberman
*Why we shouldn't recommend Exit nodes pull the same trick:
1) Exit nodes would suffer heavily from the problem of "unique
traffic" mentioned above.
2) It would give governments an incentive to confiscate exit nodes to
see if they are pulling this trick.

@_date: 2008-01-20 13:38:54
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Konqueror & SOCKS with Tor+Privoxy 
Install Dante, configure Dante to use Tor, then configure Konqueror to
use Dante.
I could swear this used to be in the Hidden Wiki Torify How-to
somewhere, but since I can't find it now, here is my /etc/sockd.conf:
# Dante configuration file
route {
    from: 0.0.0.0/0 to: 0.0.0.0/0 via: 127.0.0.1 port = 9050
    proxy-protocol: socks-v4
Note that it only supports socks-4, so far as I know, meaning your DNS
requests will be leaked, so you should still use privoxy, polipo or
3proxy for http/https/ftp.
I do believe Konqueror is quite secure.  It has site-by-site
permission management for cookies, Javascript, Java, plugins, and
browser identification, no extensions required.  It is also possible
to disable your referer, though more difficult, as Dr. No explained.

@_date: 2008-01-24 07:38:14
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
Okay, here's my idea: Suppose exit servers included the term 'reject
cp_blacklist' in their torrcs.  If it worked well, it could be
included in the default exit policy.
cp_blacklist could be a variable rather than an explicit IP address or
hostname.  The IP addresses and hostnames included in that variable
could be known by the directory  authorities, so that it could be kept
By making the blacklist directory information, Tor clients would only
have to download the list once each time they get the directory, not
separately for each exit server.
I realise, of course, there are problems with this.
* If the IP address is shared, there might be a child porn site on the
same IP as a legitimate site.
* hostname-based filters can be bypassed.
* User-contributed legitimate sites can sometimes have child porn on
them, until their management notices the material and takes it down.
While getting the management to take the material down should be
preferable to adding the site to the blacklist, the material will
still be available via the Tor network during the interim.
* Blacklists are never complete anyway.
* Definition of 'child porn'.  Perhaps separate variables, e.g.
cp_blacklist_strict, cp_blacklist_normal, cp_blacklist_conservative
could be used to deal with this somewhat?
* Backwards compatibility.  Maybe client recognition of variables
could be added a few versions before servers are given the ability to
use them?  One would also want the variables to be able to include
other variables, so, for example, cp_blacklist_normal would be
cp_blacklist_conservative plus a list of additional IPs and hostnames.
* Performance?
Is this idea even feasible?

@_date: 2008-01-24 07:53:14
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
The same directory authorities that distribute the list of Tor nodes.
Hopefully they would all agree, though obviously there would need to
be some mechanism to deal with disagreements, since they wouldn't all
get updated at the same time.  Presumably, it would be similar to an
occasion they disagree on Tor nodes.
You would simply have to trust the Tor directory authority operators.
If you don't trust them, I guess you wouldn't use their blacklist.  Or
do you mean, how do the directory authorities operators decide what
goes on the list?  I haven't really thought of that, but presumably
there are professional blacklist creators who are not working for the
Chinese government.

@_date: 2008-01-24 08:06:47
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
True.  Then again, we occasionally get people saying they won't run
exit servers if there isn't an easy way for the to block child porn -
this would provide such a way.
I'm not a lawyer, sorry, so I don't know what the correct response is.
Warez is bad, but it hurts people's wallets, not innocent children, so
it's more of an economic crime than a crime against humanity.  In
other words, blocking child porn is more worth the effort.
Hate speech is everywhere.  Just look at most any user-contributed
website.  Unless you want to block entire user-contributed websites
just because a few members engaged in hate speech, blocking hate
speech is infeasible.
Blocking political propaganda is, of course, highly controversial.
Some exit node operators, e.g. those in China, might want to do this,
but most wouldn't.  Such people can make their own blacklists, or just
do reject *:*
Well, there are professionals who do this sort of thing.
Well, no, they just get the list the same time they get the Tor
directory information.
I have no solution to this.

@_date: 2008-01-24 22:11:48
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
My idea of 'freedom of speech' doesn't include the exploitation of
children.  What about the freedom of the child to grow up without
being used for sexual purposes?
I am perfectly aware that Tor can be used for both good and bad.  And
the good things can be really good.  Like protecting people who's
routing information would otherwise be used by [insert nemesis] to
hurt them.
Do I want to prevent all bad, even if it means also preventing all
good?  No, I don't want paedophiles to ruin it for people using Tor to
protect their personal safety, or a wide variety of other innocent
I just want to know if there is a technically feasible way of
minimising one of the most harmful things Tor could potentially be
used for.  I.e., without overloading the Tor network with hundreds of
separate blacklists.  Do I expect it to be foolproof?  No.  Would it
still be up to individual exit node operators if they want to use it?
And if it's not technically feasible?  Fine, I like Tor anyway, I
won't stop running an exit node just because of a few perverts, and if
the ISP does not already have it blocked, I guess at least people
using that ISP already have access to it.

@_date: 2008-01-25 04:18:51
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
I'm pretty sure my suggestion is better than an RFC April Fools' Joke.

@_date: 2008-01-25 04:31:46
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
'Defining your problem is half the solution.'
No, I can't solve them all right now, but thanks for listing them clearly.

@_date: 2008-01-26 12:46:46
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
Really, if I'd known my message was going to evoke this sort of response,
I'd have entitled it 'Directory-distributed variables for exit lists'.

@_date: 2008-01-26 15:37:56
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
Tor already has censorship hooks.  Tor nodes are already in
control of their own exit policies.  Certain ports are already
blocked by default.
This would simply provide Tor nodes with another tool to
control what leaves their nodes.  And if Tor nodes didn't want
to use it, they wouldn't have to.
Wasn't there a child porn hidden service at one point in the past?
So it's not like this was never a real issue.  Not that this would
have any impact on the ability to run child porn hidden services,
but still.
Really, I'm not saying that you, as a Tor user / node operator /
whatever you are, are a paedophile, or personally responsible
for people engaging in paedophilia.  If so, then I, as someone
who believes the benefits still outweigh the disadvantages, and
subsequently run an exit node, am just as guilty.  But, if I could
prevent my exit node from being used to access CP, without
preventing it from also being used to access a plethora of good
things, surely I would.

@_date: 2008-01-26 17:12:07
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
Thank you for the legal warning.  To be clear, I am not suggesting a
program to examine packets and do some sort of incredible image
processing to figure out if a photograph is child pornography, or
anything that would involve packet sniffing, I just want to block
certain IPs and hostnames.  I'm not sure why this would be illegal,
since many ISPs and firewall software already do this, but I'll make
sure to do my research before I do anything, if I do anything.
I do not save logs except occasionally for debugging purposes, and
even then, they are scrubbed.  While unscrubbed logs might be
useful to law enforcement in some circumstances, I recognise that
I cannot help them catch bad people without also damaging the
privacy of good people.  Nor do I sniff packets.

@_date: 2008-01-26 17:21:27
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
I am sorry to hear that.
Okay, so maillist and I are definitely interested in this.  Supposing,
for the sake of argument, that we coded it, and the Tor developers
certified that they did not believe the code would break anything, is
there any reason we shouldn't be allowed to share a blacklist via a
variable?  Obviously, since it is so controversial, the variable needn't
be added to the default exit policy, and would only be used by Tor
operators who chose to use it.
(Obviously, we'd have to check with local law people to make sure it
was indeed legal for us to use such a blacklist, but anyway.)

@_date: 2008-01-26 17:31:03
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
It is somewhat difficult to have a sense of humour when people are
saying that you are the cancer killing Tor, a troll, a vigilante, that
your mother and wife are witches, etc.  But thanks for trying.

@_date: 2008-01-26 17:37:37
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: How to run an exit node and not getting raided by police? 
Well, if you're really worried, I suppose you could disallow exits to
all but a whitelist of websites you trust not to contain content that
is illegal to view in your country.  Which would probably not include
user-contributed websites.

@_date: 2008-01-26 22:04:25
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: Tor operator raided in Finland 
Tor can also help protect people's privacy.
Sometimes, when a Tor user does something illegal with Tor, the exit
node operator of the exit node the Tor user was using is blamed.

@_date: 2008-01-26 22:08:33
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: How to remove some useless nodes 
You can add
ExcludeNodes NodeName1, NodeName2
to your torrc, where the NodeName1, etc. are the names of Chinese exit
nodes that you are aware of.  However, you much disallow each Chinese
node separately; you can't exclude by country.

@_date: 2011-04-21 13:43:20
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Do the OS X Vidalia bundles work on 10.4 for anyone? 
No luck on PowerPC/G3. Tor must be built from source, which is a
rather complicated procedure on OS X Tiger since it doesn't ship with
a decent version of gcc.

@_date: 2011-04-21 14:22:40
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] To Toggle, or not to Toggle: The End of Torbutton 
Well, if I had an 8-core machine with 4+GB RAM, or even a single-core
machine with over 1 GHz and at least 1GB RAM, I'd probably have four
browser profiles for Firefox alone: one for Tor (Torbutton or whatever
you guys decide to use, plus Noscript, AdBlockPlus, Cookie Monster,
etc.), one for JonDo (with JonDoFox), one more complicated setup that
allows me to whitelist sites I trust, e.g. my bank, while still making
sure that any third party or other unwhitelisted content is loaded
through a proxy (using FoxyProxy, Noscript, etc.), and a final one for
guests only that does not use a proxy but does have AdBlockPlus,
noscript (blacklist mode), Cookie Monster (blacklist mode) and
RefControl (delete referrer when switching to a new domain)... for
basic privacy protection that won't drive my guests nuts.
However, seeing has how my computer is single core, less than 1 GHz,
and has less than 1GB RAM, running one instance of a modern browser is
hard enough on the poor thing. Multiple browsers, let alone full-blown
virtualization, isn't a realistic option.
Thus I am using JonDoFox, because it lets me switch between JonDo,
Tor, a third proxy of my choosing (if desired) and no proxy, without
having to run multiple browsers. True, there are a few features I
might wish for, my nothing major than impacts my usability in any
significant way.
I think the key here is that there isn't one solution that will work
for everyone. By all means create a nice Tor browser, designed to be
used for Tor only. This is probably the best thing for most people are
newer hardware who don't have to use any special accessible software
for the blind or whatever. But document the changes you make and what
people using other browsers would have to do in order to blend in with
the Tor crowd as best they can even if they are using just a single
instance of Firefox for all browsing, some other browser that works on
their platform (Firefox doesn't run everywhere), some text or
braille-only browser (if they are blind or just don't want a GUI), or
some special browser-for-the-blind, or whatever. Yes, I realize many
browsers cannot be configured to provide the same level of security as
custom Firefox, at least not without delving into the source code, but
not everyone has the hardware/software/ability to see/financial/other
resources to have an ideal setup.
Myself, I will probably continue to use JonDoFox, unless they remove
their proxy switcher, it which case I'll probably be off using some
other third party solution custom configured to meet my needs.

@_date: 2011-04-21 14:49:02
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Will TOR interfere with anything on my dell 
It works not only with Firefox, but with a wide variety of other web
programs, including a number of chat clients, etc. It is a SOCKS
proxy, and thus not limited to only ports 80 (normal web) and 443
(encrypted web), although a few commonly abused ports are blocked on
most exit nodes.
However, the pre-configured Firefox it the Tor Browser Bundle (and
also JonDoFox, which made some different choices, such as including
NoScript even for Windows users) has been configured to increase the
security and privacy of your browser for use with Tor so it keeps you
more anonymous. With Internet Explorer, you don't get that protection,
nor, to my knowledge, is it possible to configure Internet Explorer to
provide equivalent protection.
However, Internet Explorer's settings are treated as system settings
by a number of programs. So if, for example, you wanted you AntiVirus
to check for updates through Tor, setting Internet Exploer to use Tor
might do the trick. Then again, maybe not: it is optional for other
programs to respect Internet Explorer's settings. If you really want
to be sure, you'd have to check the settings of your AntiVirus or
force it through a socksifier.
If I were you, I'd configure IE as best I could, and then go on to use
the Tor Browser Bundle or JonDoFox anyway. That way, you'll get the
security/privacy enhancements of the pre-configured Firefox, but
you'll also get anonymity with applications that respect Internet
Explorer's settings, and if you ever need to look at an IE-only
webpage anonymously, IE will be ready for you.

@_date: 2011-04-22 07:32:42
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] To Toggle, or not to Toggle: The End of Torbutton 
If I had a nice high CPU high RAM machine, you mean?
Envision the following scenario:
Alice wants to buy beeswax candles online. Because beeswax candles
burn so cleanly. However, she does not wish to transfer her credit
card information over Tor, or even JonDo, because she's heard of those
attacks against ssl, and it's not as if there's anything anonymous
about a typical credit card anyway. But while she is checking out
unanonymously, she also wants to do some last minute market research
to make sure she is getting top-of-the-line beeswax candles. Now, if
Alice can run multiple instances of Firefox or some other browser
simultaneously, then the unanonymous (or partially anonymized, with a
direct connection to the vendor but anonymous connections to third
party sites -- yes, I know if compare logs with the vendor, it's
probably not that anonymous) connection runs in one instance of the
browser, while her market research is conducted in a second totally
torified instance of the browser. This decreases the amount of
profiling information those advertisers get on her. Thus Alice can
switch back and forth between anonymous and unanonymous browsing
without having to go through the trouble of closing all her tabs and
the entire browser and restarting again, provided she has a decently
high CPU high RAM machine.
Now, I'm not on Windows, and, as the OS I'm in at the moment can't
even handle Firefox 4, I'm actually using a similar browser that's
close enough that it can still use Firefox 4 add-ons. Also, JonDoFox
makes running multiple instances of my non-Firefox quite easy: there's
a menu option for it. Anyway, that's not the problem. The problem is
that if I actually try to do it, this poor machine basically grinds to
a halt.
So instead, I get to play with the proxy switching interface. Or, if I
really want to browse anonymously on just one or two sites and
continue browsing anonymously elsewhere, I get to add said sites to
the "Global proxy exceptions", and remove them when I'm done.

@_date: 2011-04-22 17:21:35
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] To Toggle, or not to Toggle: The End of Torbutton 
Already done. It's not any two applications that will do it, just any
two graphical applications, and heavy graphical applications at that.
If I were using Lynx, Links, or even Firebird, assuredly I would not
have this problem. However, Firebird is not remotely up-to-date, and
as for lynx/links, well, I'm afraid support for non-graphical users,
including those using braille outputs, just isn't much of a priority
for most websites these days. (The corporations should be bothered
with ADA complaints.) So I'm going to have this problem with just
about any modern browser capable of supporting all the fanciest most
annoying websites.
A look at top shows that the fork of Firefox I am running is the most
resource intensive application running right now. At the moment, the
resident memory size is a whopping 183 megabytes, and the total memory
size is an incredible 565 megabytes. The idle CPU% is only around
2-5%, but it spikes from 30-65% just from switching tabs. Loading a
page, without any JavaScript or anything fancy like that, can push it
over 70%. In short, my pseudo-Firefox is a huge hog, gorging itself on
my system's resources.
In terms of resident memory usage, most of the programs I'm running
measure in kilobytes, and they tend to top out around 20 megabytes. As
for total memory usage, very few programs go over 100 megabytes, and
even then, none besides my pseudo-firefox go far over. Most are closer
to 20-30 megabytes of total memory.
Thanks, I'll look into that.

@_date: 2011-04-22 17:27:52
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] To Toggle, or not to Toggle: The End of Torbutton 
Huh? You only need one Firefox install. You just run multiple
instances of the same Firefox binary. Of course, each instance has to
use a different profile. You can start the second one either from the
command line or using the ProfileSwitcher add-on from within the first
instance of Firefox.
It's the same as with lynx. I don't need a second lynx install to
start another instance of lynx in another shell.

@_date: 2011-04-22 17:55:54
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] To Toggle, or not to Toggle: The End of Torbutton 
In my case, this is singe core, speed measured in mHz, not GHz. I do
have slightly more memory than said crappy netbook, but only by 128mb.
However, the hard drive is only 4200rpm, so virtual memory is really
slow. The hard drive should be upgraded soon and replaced with a
larger, 5400rpm one. Then I can cram multiple OSes on it *and* have
faster virtual memory!
There is no Tor Browser Bundle for my operating systems, nor even an
official Firefox. In fact, there's no Tor Browser Bundle that would
work on my CPU, regardless of what operating systems I install in the
future. Tor Browser Bundle looks to be all x86 and amd64.
Fortunately, I actually have two or three options. Yes, I could stop
and restart my pseudo-Firefox every time I want to switch between
anonymous and non-anonymous browsing, perhaps even every time I wanted
to switch between JonDo and Tor. I could also just use a
proxy-switcher, whether the one on JonDoFox or some third party one.
My third choice would be to attempt to find a lighter browser that
would still meet my needs adequately.

@_date: 2011-04-23 08:45:44
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Anonymity projects on Facebook :) 
I don't believe any of the Facebook ones are official. I mean, I could
be be wrong, but as for the Tor one, it's Tor, not TOR. Tor has
several mailing lists (this is the main one for regular users) and an
IRC channel:  on oftc.
I believe i2p has an official forum.
It is also accessible from within i2p itself, which, if I remember
correctly, is:
However, if you are using Facebook with Tor, or any other anonymizing
proxy, I would advise you to force SSL with Noscript. NoScript Options
Add facebook.com and  on separate lines, to the Force
https list. Facebook does not offer encryption for apps, so if that is
important to you, you may wish to add apps.facebook.com to the never
force list, although doing so would compromise your security. If you
do not care about Facebook apps, you could put apps.facebook.com on
the force list, which would break it, but prevent you from accessing
it accidentally. You could also enable the Facebook preference to
force https, but know that you will be asked to disable the option
should you wish to use Facebook apps.
I would also suggest that you get the AdBlockPlus Antisocial list to
prevent Facebook from tracking you while you visit other websites. You
may also wish to add facebook.net (appears to be used only on external
sites, not on facebook.com itself) to your noscript.untrusted.

@_date: 2011-04-23 08:56:37
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Please, unlock the Tor-net 
Demanding won't do any good. It's their website, their right to block
access from anonymous proxies if they want. That is, unless you can
make a convincing argument that blocking Tor somehow discriminates on
the basis of race/religion/gender/disability/other protected status.
Which I doubt. Perhaps you could tell them that it makes it harder for
the Chinese to access their website, but only if China actually blocks
Livejournal. Plus, I doubt that would be much of a legal argument, so
that would have to be phrased as a polite request, not a demand.
Their reason is probably that some annoying person or persons used Tor
to do annoying things on their website, and they have a negative view
of Tor as a result. Don't add to that prejudice by being excessively

@_date: 2011-04-23 09:26:23
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TB for Win 
I do not believe that will ever happen.
1. All the current Tor Browser Bundles that I can see are x86/amd64
only. There are people who use CPUs which are not intel-based, you
2. Even if you expanded outside of x86/amd64, Firefox 4 itself does
not work on every operating system. So unless you are planning to work
with the Firefox people to port their browser to more platforms, or
offer different Tor Browser Bundles based on different browsers, there
are some limits here.
3. There are many Linux and BSD distributions, which run on many
different hardware platforms. Even restricting yourself to the ones
that actually support Firefox 4, that's way too many pre-compiled
binaries to keep track of, unless you really like monumental tasks.
4. As Firefox becomes more and more bloated, it will become less and
less feasible, and in some cases impossible, for people on low
resource machines to run it.
5. Some disabled people must use special accessible browsers.
6. Some people don't like GUIs and don't have X11 or any other GUI on
their computer, and are hence using things like lynx and links.
7. Not all the internet is http/https. Some people may not wish to use
Tor for web browsing, but may wish to use it for other things, like
In short, I don't see the Tor Browser Bundle becoming a working
solution for people on every platform. Ever. However, Torbutton may
work on many non-Firefox browsers that still have the Gecko engine. In
short, please continue to release expert packages, Torbutton separate
from a browser, and documentation on how to best configure things
besides Firefox for use with Tor.

@_date: 2011-04-25 08:51:46
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [OT] Gmail, lol 
Yeah, aside from the fact that some people might not like giving out
their phone number, a lot of people don't have cell phones, whether
because they can't afford a phone, are perfectly happy with their
landlines, or whatever. There is even a rare disability where people
are harmed by cell phone (among other electromagnetic devices),
causing all sorts of symptoms from brain fog to heart problems. So if
they don't offer an alternative verification for landline users, that
could be an ADA (or similar non-US law) violation.

@_date: 2011-04-25 09:26:16
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
Well, you could make this argument for any blocking activity: cookies,
javascript, plugins, ad-blocking, etc. If one user is blocking a bunch
of things, then they stand out because they are blocking things, and
most people aren't. You might even be able to do extensive tests to
find out what sorts of things they are blocking and find some sort of
Take cookies for example. Imagine these scenarios:
1. User blocks all cookies.
2. User blocks all cookies except cookies from whitelisted sites.
3. User accepts all cookies except cookies from blacklisted sites.
4. User accepts all cookies.
Now, as I understand it, your argument is that any deviation from 4,
but especially selective whitelisting/blacklisting as described in 2
and 3, is a variation from the norm and hence makes a user stand out.
(I believe, it would actually either require multiple sites to
collaborate to perform such an attack, or else, as you suggested, the
exit node itself might perform the attack.)
Now, while there are some cookies that do not contain anything unique,
most cookies are used to store unique IDs. So if you accept a cookie
from a site, they are probably going to give you a unique pseudonym
they can use to track you with. On the other hand, if you refuse to
accept cookies from that site, then you are part of the anonymity
group of Tor users who do not accept cookies from that site. Yes, they
could use other techniques to narrow things down, but at least you
haven't let them give you a unique session ID. So, I think the closer
you can get to 1, without sacrificing too much usability, the better.
The more Tor users can be persuaded to do 2, the better. The more Tor
users could at least be persuaded, if not to do that, then to at least
have a blacklist of advertising domains (3), the better. Then you will
stand out less when you refuse to accept a cookie. (In Firefox, you
can use the Cookie Monster plugin to help with this.)
Javascript is even worse. Javascript often has security
vulnerabilities, so an attacker might exploit a buffer overflow or
something, and use that to reveal your identity. Even if the
Javascript is not exploited, it can still reveal a lot of information
about you. For an idea of what I am talking about, take a look at this
site and allow Javascript.
(That will also show you why you shouldn't allow plugins such as Java
or Flash when using Tor unless you have a fancy setup to force them
through Tor, or simply don't care about your anonymity that much, and
even then, they can still reveal a lot.)
Now, even normal, non-exploiting Javascript still reveals much more
specific information about my computer than simply "This user does not
permit Javascript from your website". So again, the more Javascript
you block, the better. The more Tor users can be persuaded to only
allow Javascript from specific websites (where the usability concerns
outweigh the anonymity concerns). the better. The more Tor users can
be persuaded, if not to do that, then at least to specify websites
they don't want to allow Javascript from, the better. In Firefox,
NoScript can help with this.
Here's a good noscript.untrusted, if you prefer the blacklist method
or just want to minimize the chance of accidentally allowing
javascript from an advertising/tracking domain:
ad.linkstorms.com adbrite.com adbureau.net addthis.com addynamix.com
adgardener.com ads.alphatrade.com ads.forbes.com ads.pointroll.com
ads.reason.com ads.space.com ads1.msn.com adsonar.com adtech.de
adtology3.com advertising.com adzones.com afy11.net blogads.com
doubleclick.com doubleclick.net facebook.net falkag.net getclicky.com
google-analytics.com googleadservices.com googlesyndication.com
hitbox.com quantserve.com scorecardresearch.com serving-sys.com
specificclick.net statcounter.com tacoda.net zedo.com
                                I feel the same way about adblocking. The fewer web logs I show up in,
the better. I don't see any reason why I should show up in the log of
website that is pretty much exclusively advertising. When I visit a
website, I only want to show up in the log for that website, not a
bunch of third party websites. Unfortunately, some websites don't work
without third-party content, so I guess unless I don't care about
usability, I have to make some compromises. Still, I have found
adblockplus very useful for blocking third party content without much
of a usability hit. EasyList and EasyPrivacy are very helpful. The
localizations are good if you visit a lot of non-English websites.
Antisocial is good for stopping tracking by social networking
websites. Malware Domains is probably a good idea for Windows users
who don't like to use anti-virus, or who only like to use it
on-demand. (That is, none of that active protection stuff.) Certain
other lists are good if you are visiting certain types of websites.
You know, there have been cases of people getting viruses from
reputable websites when an infected advertisment somehow made it in to
whatever advertiser they were using.
In short, I think the privacy benefits of blocking unwanted
cookies/javascript/third party content is far greater than the risk of
being profiled based on your pattern of blocking stuff, and if you are
concerned about being profiled based on your pattern of blocking
stuff, then the solution is to get more Tor users to block more of
that sort of thing.

@_date: 2011-04-29 11:25:42
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
Well, I'm not totally sure, since I'm not one of the ones who made the
Tor Browser Bundle, but I suspect it has something to do with
usability. Because, you know, a lot of websites break if you disallow
JavaScript. If you don't like it, you can either add NoScript and
configure it yourself, or get JonDoFox and tell it to use Tor. The
JonDoFox people have even made an effort to make their browser use
Torbutton HTTP headers while in Tor mode, although it could of course
get out of sync. Anyway, JonDoFox is configured to block all
JavaScript, except from whitelisted sites, by default; the same for
cookies; ad-blocking; etc.

@_date: 2011-06-01 05:31:41
@_author: Kraktus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] detecting harmful relays 
A few weeks ago, there was one that tried to give me a .bin file
whenever I tried to visit a non-SSL website, but I haven't had a
problem like that since. I always rejected the .bin file.
