
@_date: 2011-04-12 08:59:46
@_author: Milton Scritsmier 
@_subject: [tor-talk] To Toggle, or not to Toggle: The End of Torbutton 
After reading most of the replies to this topic, I'm not sure the
average user has weighed in. There has been a lot of talk about running
Tor on various Linuxes, using two computers, etc. I don't mean to
disparage them in any way (in fact, they have proven most interesting to
a relative novice Tor user such as myself) but I think all these show a
lot more technical competence than the "average" user. I also realize
there are a whole host of technical issues dealing with maintaining
Torbutton vs. separate Firefox builds, and that this is the best place
to address these.
But I just don't think this list is the best place to address the
usability issues if you really want Tor to reach the widest audience. As
a Tor user and not a Tor developer, I've read the warnings on the Tor
website and realize using Tor safely is much more than just installing
software. But reading this list has me convinced that I never *really*
know when I'm secure. The concept of Torbutton itself probably engenders
a sense of false security to the casual user -- just "click the button"
and you're "secure". On the other hand, I'm not sure I want to maintain
two separate Firefox installations on my computer, especially when using
the official Tor browser still doesn't give me a much greater sense that
I'm secure. The "average" user is just not a great enough expert on
security to know when all the bases are covered (especially if it means
gambling his or her life and liberty on it as some people do today).
It seems to me that secure browsing with or without Tor is too much at
the mercy of the browser it runs on, and hence here at the mercy of
Mozilla (nobody even talks seriously about making Chrome or any other
browser truly secure with Tor). I think all this talk about Torbutton
vs. Tor browser just dances around this core issue, and that it won't
likely be solved by maintaining a separate Firefox browser. And so far I
don't think anybody has solved the problem of a user who understands
relatively little about computers trying to remain secure against a
regime with vast resources and skills at its disposal.
Please understand that this not a problem with Tor developers, for whom
I have the greatest respect, but with the overall problem which is
inherently complex and seems to have never-ending pitfalls. Maybe I'm
exhibiting a great deal of hubris in nominating myself as the "average"
Tor user, but after using Tor off and on for years and keeping an eye on
this list all that time (so maybe I'm not really the "average" user
after all), my sense of ultimate security using it just keeps growing
less and less.
          Milton Scritsmier

@_date: 2016-12-18 03:22:21
@_author: Milton Scritsmier 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Intel ME / AMT + NSL vs Tor Nodes 
The most detailed documentation Intel has issued on the ME is probably the 2014 book "Platform Embedded Security Technology Revealed" by Dr. Xiaoyu Ruan, who is an Intel employee who has a major role in designing software for the ME. It's not really a ME design document so much as a book about designing hardware/software secure platforms that uses the ME as an example and goes into some detail about its design.
Not all Intel chipsets support AMT (check Intel's website for which ones do, but most consumer PC/laptop chipsets don't), and for every version of ME firmware there are two releases, one for chipsets with AMT support and one for chipsets without. Chipsets which support AMT can have the ME firmware updated remotely if it's signed properly and the AMT password is entered or bypassed somehow. Chipsets without AMT support cannot be updated remotely AFAIK.
If somebody got their hands on the Intel ME toolset and private signing keys they could create a custom version of ME firmware that could do just about anything, including accessing almost all the PC's RAM at any time. But getting it on the machine is the trick. Without AMT support it would require physical access to the machine, but then you can do just about anything anyway with physical access.

@_date: 2017-12-11 00:50:41
@_author: Milton Scritsmier 
@_subject: [tor-talk] company devised process to disable Intel Management 
No, today it's in virtually all Intel processors used in desktops and
laptops. See  .
Most consumer PCs don't have ME firmware that supports remote management
features such as AMT. But even consumer PCs still have running ME
firmware which still does various stuff and has almost total access and
control of your PC. The ME firmware has an API that can be called from
Windows (I don't know about Linux, but I'd be really surprised) to have
the ME do things like decryption.

@_date: 2017-12-11 13:02:38
@_author: Milton Scritsmier 
@_subject: [tor-talk] company devised process to disable Intel Management 
No, I don't nor do I assert that. To the best of my knowledge Intel has
never commented one way or the other on whether or not the ME in
consumer PCs is capable of accessing the internet (although the ME is on
the same die as the ethernet silicon), whether the hardware is capable
of remote access but the consumer ME firmware simply doesn't support it,
But see below, on recent consumer PCs your ME is completely hackable if
the attacker has local access.
Intel has recently revealed that the current ME firmware has bugs. See
. All but one of these bugs require local access to the PC; one can be
accessed via AMT on enterprise PCs that support it. Not all of the bugs
apply to consumer PCs. Unfortunately Intel doesn't issue ME firmware
patches directly, you have to get them from your PC or mobo manufacturer
as part of a BIOS update.
Recently Positive Technologies announced that ever since Intel Skylake
processors came out, Intel processors contain a special JTAG debug port
that can be accessed via an USB port on your computer
). They then exploited this to run unsigned code on the ME, in theory
giving them complete access to your PC even if it is turned off. They
presented the details last week at Black Hat Europe 2017
) though I have seen anything from the talk yet.
