
@_date: 2008-08-18 10:06:32
@_author: Daniel Williams 
@_subject: Paid performance-tor option? 
You're right - but it seems they are accepting node operators from any other
country. So, maybe it pays off being in an different country and then contribute.
Instaid of lamenting you might as well earn a few bucks (possibly)
You're right - but take a look at the US ;-) do you trust code coming from a
country which is ranged at the very bottom of the privacy scale? If you start citing these sources the only possible conclusion would be to
start using greek tor nodes as much as possible.
You are right. But at least they are telling you so. While I personally do not like
the idea of using a backd00red system, think of this:
a) how many systems do you use a day which might have a backdoor *and not*
  tell you about it? (recent discovery that MS logging msn-chats, what about
   Skype, Apple software phoning back home, ...)
b) do *really* have something to hide from the german government? it seems you're
  not from germany and do not intend to get over there - so why bother?
(These questions are rethorically, so I don't expect (honest) answers to them, but feel
free to think about them)
   Daniel

@_date: 2008-09-12 03:40:27
@_author: Daniel Williams 
@_subject: Tor's startup anonymity warning (was Re: quick question) 
I totally agree with you - however my assumption is only based on a vague feeling. Do you have any metrics to proof your point? :-)
  Daniel

@_date: 2008-09-24 00:33:50
@_author: Daniel Williams 
@_subject: (micro)payments for anonymous routing in Tor? 
Besides all the possible threats on anonymity which are there if you have
to pay for something, (how do you actually pay for something anonymous without coming close to money laundering?): which entity shall collect the
money and re-distribute it to the operators? How do you deal with international
money transfers? And (as somebody else already pointed out): how do
you assure that everything remains fair, i.e. that paid traffic is prioritized.
All these academic publications make is building castles on sand - the most
difficult part is actually to have a  working system for international payments
which has a small enough overhead that it can be used for these kind of transactions
AND is privacy friendly AND is accepted.
I guess not. There is already a Tor network clone which is for paying customers
Maybe, making Tor a paid solution would even help because the money could
be used to handle the overhead which is created for the operators due to all the
idiots abusing the network. Maybe it would even keep the idiots off the network :)
But then: IMHO it is not possible to make it work anyway...
    Daniel
