
@_date: 2011-10-10 13:49:50
@_author: Kyle L. Huff 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Browser Bundle: PGP encryption built-in? 
The plug-in (basically, an API to GnuPG) should never be exposed to
anything other than the extension that provides it; there should be
a separation between the plug-in, and the web page. I spoke about
this in my prior email that I believe was forwarded to this list, as
I was not yet subscribed.
I was never the author of FireGPG, I was a contributor to a specific
module for FireGPG; My intention for moving to NPAPI is to make a
more portable browser interface to GnuPG (FireGPG used an IPC
library that was not portable to other browsers) that can be used
on any browser/email client that supports NPAPI.
A naive use of JS+XPCOM IPC library could equally (if not more so)
compromise a system if used incorrectly. This is true for anything.
Care must be given to these subjects regardless of the language/
tools used.
The source of my NPAPI plugin is freely available for anyone to
review, so you can see for yourself if I have coded the NPAPI bits
safely, and I gladly accept bug reports! =c )
I didn't write FireGPG, but I will say the first place FireGPG went wrong
was when it directly queried users for their passphrase. This should
be delegated to the gpg-agent and in my opinion should never be
requested by the browser.
I would argue that C++ is less complicated than JS+XPCOM, but we
are getting into personal perception here...
Agreed. Feel free to ask me questions regarding the plug-in code and
design decisions.
Technically, webpg-npapi should work with thunderbird, as I believe it
supports bundled NPAPI plug-ins.
Too true!
Here is a link to the official source that I mentioned:
Please note; I am *not* advocating that my NPAPI plug-in be packaged
into a Firefox extension for use with Tor. I was asked by a Tor-talk
mailing-list user what I thought about the possibility of including it, and
I made my concerns known. I have no dog in this fight, use the module
or don't, it makes no difference to me. I will gladly assist in any changes
that are deemed necessary in order to make it more secure, but
otherwise I have nothing to do with it, so please don't misunderstand
my response as anything other than an attempt to answer questions.
