
@_date: 2014-01-16 12:50:28
@_author: Tim Chorney 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Filezilla Through Tor Connectivity 
When asked how to run Filezilla through Tor to protect website passwords, Tim Kosse of Filezilla advised I should ?use FTP over TLS (FTPS) or SSH File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) to connect to your server? since ?If you're using plain FTP together with Tor, then the password is still being transmitted unencrypted over the internet to the server.? How, precisely, do I do this? ? I don't have Mr. Kosse's expertise. Can you help?  Thanks Tim Chorney, Publisher
Liberty In Peril
FREE 3D EARTH SCREENSAVER - Watch the Earth right on your desktop!
Check it out at

@_date: 2014-01-21 12:26:38
@_author: Tim Chorney 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Filezilla Through Tor Connectivity Problem 
Thanks to all for such great, detailed responses to the Filezilla Through Tor Connectivity  problem. Will take time to implement, since all six Liberty In Peril sites are hosted on free servers.  ? Trying to do this on the cheap is not easy.  While Tor is used exclusively to browse, I need to protect passwords to get to both mail accounts.  In addition, I need to protect Filezilla passwords as well.  Before several weeks ago, had used a free VPN account to do this.  No longer works since the 'free' VPN apparently disabled such ability when I refused to upgrade.  The reason for six separate sites on six different servers is to frustrate previous hacking.  ? When one free site is hacked, another can be quickly uploaded.  Haven't had any additional problems since last June, however.
Several weeks ago, a new issue arose with the latest Tor edition.  Am no longer able to access Inbox.com mail. While I can log in, can't access the mail itself.  Consequently, continue to use the previous Tor edition for this mail service.  Interestingly, Yahoo Mail has not been effected.
Tried  unticking the first option on Tor Security Settings as instructed by the help desk.  Didn't work, however.  Any suggestions?  Thanks again to all.
Tim Chorney, Publisher
Liberty In Peril
FREE ONLINE PHOTOSHARING - Share your photos online with your friends and family!
Visit  to find out more!
