
@_date: 2006-01-13 16:47:28
@_author: Steve Crook 
@_subject: Errors/Warnings in Tor 0.1.1.12-alpha 
You might want to check out:-
I haven't documented many warnings yet, but that's one of them.  :)

@_date: 2006-01-17 11:16:55
@_author: Steve Crook 
@_subject: You think you can hide your ip? 
Hi Oliver,
I use a combination of two Firefox plugins to gain granular control over
what scripts are allowed to run.
First of all, NoScript is a good tool for blocking all scripts by
default.  It then allows me to whitelist specific url's where I have
confidence in the source.
The other tool I use is Adblock which allows me to blacklist any
component on a webpage.  This is useful for all those sites where the
content is in plain html put there are advertising scripts all over the
place.  It supports basic regex so I can (for example) blacklist any
link that contains 'doubleclick'.
I'm sure there are plenty of other scripts doing similar jobs, but these
two happen to coexist quite happily in my experience.  Running them
along side SwitchProxy also doesn't cause me any issues.

@_date: 2006-06-13 13:31:09
@_author: Steve Crook 
@_subject: Tor,security and web-usability - Sorry, now readable with line-breaks... 
You could extend this philosophy to say nothing but Tor may traverse the
firewall.  It would be interesting to see what impact such a strict rule
would have on the average Internet-connected PC.
Of course many of the applications that talk could be Torified but this
is only effective if the payload of the conversation doesn't reveal
sensitive information.  If the payload says "My IP is foo and this is
what I'm doing", then Torifying it is counter-productive.

@_date: 2006-06-04 11:01:03
@_author: Steve Crook 
@_subject: FW: [Full-disclosure] Tool Release - Tor Blocker 
Threats of prosecution are a poor first line of defence for any kind of
service.  Aside from lining the pockets of those in the legal
profession, it's a solution based on shutting the hamster cage after the
rodent has departed.
Rather an ironic statement under the circumstances.

@_date: 2006-06-08 16:54:28
@_author: Steve Crook 
@_subject: "SHTTPD": Windows web-server, light-weight, stand-alone and multi-platform (Unix, etc) 
Hi Tony,
The big problem with IIS6 as I see it is that it's not a generic
one-size-fits-all solution for the Windows platform.  Sure it's an
option for those running Windows Server 2003, but that would still leave
a massive gap for all the Windows users who have XP (or older).  I doubt
MS will ever backport it as their philosophy is to make users upgrade to
server products if they want to deliver server functionality.
As there's an identified solution that will run on all Windows
platforms, whilst at the same time being Open Source and free, I think
it should take precedence, assuming of course that it actually does the
job well.
Also, to my knowledge nobody has any way of really knowing what
information MS extracts from its users.  There seems to be a new version
of Windows Update virtually every time I try and run it.  It doesn't
work at all unless I click a "Trust Microsoft" box.  I fail to see the
"Genuine Advantage" that MS assure me I'm getting.  :-)

@_date: 2006-05-19 12:41:18
@_author: Steve Crook 
@_subject: Did you see this? 
Yes, once this is passed encrypting storage with a passphrase becomes a
pointless exercise in the UK unless you are prepared to spend time at
Her Majesty's pleasure in order to protect your data.
I think the best solution is to run privacy services in a different
jurisdiction from where the operator resides.  For example, my Tor node
is located in Texas and runs from encrypted volumes that I manually
mount from the UK after a reboot.  I don't think the "special"
agreements between these countries currently stretch to international
demands for passphrases.  No doubt this would rapidly change if the
accusation was related to terrorism or possibly one of the other
horsemen of the infocalypse.
I'd be interested to hear other suggestions for circumventing RIPA.
