
@_date: 2005-12-22 02:18:56
@_author: John 
@_subject: recent tor stream timeout errors... 
Hi, I've had tor and azureus working together up until the last few weeks.
 And then tor started giving me errors like:
[Notice] connection_ap_expire_beginning(): Stream is 15 seconds late on
address '[scrubbed]'. Retrying.
So I googled and searched the mailing list archives.  And the only real
thing I could find was a reference to this microsoft kb:
When you try to connect from TCP ports greater than 5000 you receive the
error 'WSAENOBUFS (10055)'
I thought initially that I should update to the lastest versions to see if
they would fix it, before changing the registry, so I downloaded the
newest windows installer (tor, torcp and privoxy).  They installed fine
and I ran them, and I double checked the azureus proxy settings and IE
proxy settings.  Those are set correctly.  But I still got the 15 sec time
out errors.  So I changed the registry according to the kb article and
tried again, still the same errros.  So I shutdown all of the programs
(not just minimized, but rebooted the machine, and tried again.  Same
So, does anyone understand whats wrong?  I'm running Windows 2000 Server
SP4, and all hotfixes.  And as far as anything changing on the machine,
the only thing thats changed is more security updates via microsoft. Nothing has been installed or uninstalled since it was working (until
today when I installed the lastest tor, torcp and privoxy).
I would appreciate any insights.

@_date: 2005-12-22 05:51:04
@_author: John 
@_subject: recent tor stream timeout errors... 
Yup all that critism, thats solved the problem.
On the tor network,
It links to....
Which links to...
Now on the sourceforge.net site, it says, don't use Tor for peer-to-peer,
but here's how if you want to.  What the freek is that?  I don't know
who's in bed with who, perhaps azureus is owned by the programmers of tor?
 I would never have found tor except for serveral sites proclaiming tor's
use with p2p.  Yes it is slow, yes I can stop using it.  Yes several of
you are a-holes.  And if your not going to use it with p2p, then what for,
porn surfin?  Ohh, your cool.  I'm not a groupy of tor, I'm just working
the program because the docs I found said I could.  And hundreds of times
I've found docs on the net which are years old and no longer apply, so sue
me.  And if your suggesting that I'm a copyright downloader, your wrong
and I'll have none of your slander.  If you don't want people using it for
a particular purpose, fine, don't link them to HOWTO's.  That will kill
your program.
Thanks all for such a wonderful list.
