
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:10:10
@_author: Lucas Teixeira 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hello I have a few question about tor network 
Hi Seth,
Are there references for "real life" usage of traffic confirmation?

@_date: 2015-11-05 19:09:31
@_author: Lucas Teixeira 
@_subject: [tor-talk] actions taken against bad nodes 
First, thanks for everyone here. I've been following the list for some 2
months and getting even more trust in the Tor community. I've been doing
digital security trainings for quite a while, and I talk about Tor since
the beginning. Watching this list (and now tor-teachers too) has been
invaluable to learning both how Tor works and what people struggle with
the most (I've been doing my best for the "Tor is a tool of the US
empire" one).
I wonder what actions are taken when you encounter bad nodes -- those
who merely watch may be difficult to spot, but those who modify traffic
should be easy to detect e.g. with the OONI infrastructure.
Is there a mechanism in place to ban them from the network, are they
only banned when certain studies come up (such the "spoiled onions" one)
or nothing at all is done?
I realize that a good portion of those nodes are located on judicially
hard places, but I also wonder if in some jurisdictions it would be
possible to prosecute the owners of these nodes.

@_date: 2015-11-06 20:14:44
@_author: Lucas Teixeira 
@_subject: [tor-talk] actions taken against bad nodes 
Thanks for the reply. The jurisdictional side of the questions was more
of a amusement; I came to ask mainly about the technical actions. I will
read these references you gave me, this is exactly what I was looking for.
It should really be difficult and stressful to prosecute nodes for the
reasons you said. Just for curiosity, where I live (Brazil) we have a
type of crime called "estelionato" (the best translation I found was
"swindling"), in which someone is guilty of if they gain illicit
advantage over other person's loss by deceiving / cheating them.
Even then, the nature of the Tor network is such that probably the
person being frauded is in another jurisdiction than the attacker (as
you said).
I'm also now curious about that twist you proposed; that is, Tor Project
being prosecuted for restricting free speech on banned nodes. A similar
issue occurs in which the speech being restricted is another person's.
And is it really restricted since it will go out through another exit
node anyway?

@_date: 2016-06-10 16:56:12
@_author: Lucas Teixeira 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Firefox add-on tells when website on clearnet has .onion 
The table pointing associating clearnet domains with .onion addresses is
maintained on a .csv on a git repo. Is this the first time someone does
this kind of thing? Could this grow into a community maintained database?
  HiddenEverywhere
A Firefox add-on to help TOR users find hidden services for ClearNet
sites they use every day.
Often, I tell people of Facebook's hidden service
only to hear they didn't know. It's been around since 2014, offering TOR
users additional security, compared to the Clearnet.
The most recent encounter with someone who actively used TOR for their
daily activities had me think, "what if Firefox could tell you when a
site you're using has a hidden service, even if you're stuck behind a
Cloudflare Captcha?".
And thus, this extension was born. When you visit a site such as
LiteVault.net  or Facebook.com, the extension
will inform you that you should be using the hidden service, with a
direct link to it.
  New Domains
To add a new domain, simply fork the repo, add it to |data/urls.txt| at
the bottom of the list, and submit a pull request. It will be added ASAP.
The format is: TITLE URL-PATTERN ONION-URL
We only support the EXACT and WILDCARD matches in the URL Pattern
