
@_date: 2008-02-01 06:45:20
@_author: Thomas Barvo 
@_subject: Odd behavior: same entry/exit node + more 
I've noticed some strange behavior with Tor *client* use lately when
running both the stable and alpha builds, without any manually
inserted torrc file (using the default torrc file) restrictions in
- A. Same Entry/Exit Node -
: Web browsing speed suddenly increases as if Tor wasn't running at
all - a quick check reveals an entry node displayed in netstat is also
the currently used exit node! When the exit node changes the speed
drops back down to what it was before, slow but typical considering
the project's purpose and so forth.
:: Why does this happen? Should there not be some internal check in
place to disallow an entry node from simultaneously becoming an exit
- B. The Same Five Through Ten Exit Nodes Being Used -
: I can browse for hours and watch the same IPs used as exit nodes
cycle, often with the problem mentioned in A. occurring at random.
- C. Entry Nodes Sending Pings Back Or Other Attempts To Access My System -
: Why and what for?
- D. Directory Related Errors: We stalled too much while trying to
write, etc., type Directory -
: Is my directory of nodes being trimmed down somehow by someone or
something? Or does this have a meaning of a different sort? I notice
this error once or twice every Tor run, at least.

@_date: 2008-02-02 05:41:51
@_author: Thomas Barvo 
@_subject: Fastmail.fm better E-mail for Tor users than Gmail? HTTPS! 
A lot of Tor users seem to prefer using Gmail as it appears to be one
of the few web mail services with secure logins and sessions. POP use
aside, if we focus here on what most people use Gmail with, their web
browser, I would like to start a discussion about the benefits of
Fastmail.fm vs. Gmail for Tor users. I've just started using
Fastmail.fm and I can login with https, remain within my Fastmail.fm
account in https, and logout still in https without being forced to
non-secure http.
I've noticed when languages switch as tor exit nodes change, sometimes
you will be logged into one https session on Gmail, and it will log
you out with http. I've noticed some problems with broken connections
and sign in secure transferring to http once in awhile too with Gmail.
How can we be sure our cookies are safe? I don't trust it at all.
I haven't had any problems using Fastmail.fm when I access it as:
Sign in, use it, and logout. But with Gmail there's usually some odd
problem now and again with a broken connection, or insecure moment
with a warning popup. I'm sure a lot of other people using Tor with
Gmail have noticed this too from time to time, unless you use POP (POP
aside, as mentioned above). I would like for this thread to be a
discussion of Tor users' experiences with Fastmail.fm, please share
your experiences with it when using Tor with it and your web browser,
and any negative experiences you've had, if any.
I am not affiliated with Fastmail.fm. I just discovered this somewhere
on a discussion forum, maybe even this list? I thought of raising the
subject for discussion, being as I've recently read a post on this
list from a user who said Gmail was the only end-to-end HTTPS E-mail
service good for Tor users, not true! I don't know anything about the
people behind Fastmail.fm or its history, if you have anything to
share about it and any privacy or security issues, please discuss!
I was tickled with delight when I signed up for Fastmail.fm in secure
mode, without being sent to some http mode following the sign up! I
signed up for a free account only, I have no experience nor am I
recommending a paid account, let's use this thread for the discussion
of free Fastmail.fm accounts with Tor please.

@_date: 2008-02-02 05:44:15
@_author: Thomas Barvo 
@_subject: What web browser do you use with Tor? (firefox excluded) 
Firefox users aside, what web browser do you use with Tor?
I've decided to explore other options, and give other web browsers a
try with running Tor as a client. I would like to hear from others who
use browsers other than Firefox, and list their reasons for using an
alternative. Remember, if you're using Firefox only with Tor, please
avoid responding here as it would clutter the thread with offtopic
chatter, thanks.
- What web browser do you use with Tor? (NOT Firefox!)
- Why have you chosen this browser for use with Tor?
- How do you benefit from using this browser with Tor?
- Any tips for potential users of the browser you've chosen with Tor?
Thank you to all who may participate in this thread!

@_date: 2008-02-02 06:52:51
@_author: Thomas Barvo 
@_subject: HTTPS Free Webmail alternatives to Gmail [split from:] Re: Fastmail.fm better E-mail for Tor users than Gmail? HTTPS! 
You're reading it wrong, then. I used the extra effort to mention I
was not a part of the webmail service, nor did I recommend a paid
account and specified this thread should be confined to discussion of
free accounts. I mentioned these extras for a reason, so I could make
it clear my intention and not have a thread split into something
offtopic. What more should I say? Everyone using Tor that I know of
seems to use Gmail. Since I've noticed some problems with Gmail and
Tor use, and discovered another free service, I figured I'd open this
for discussion.
Wonderful, may others please post services which do and work well with
Tor? Maybe we can change the Subject line to something else, then?
I'll do just that. The new thread title is HTTPS Free Webmail
alternatives to Gmail. I'm sorry, I didn't know there were so many
other secure webmail alternatives to Gmail for Tor users, list them
all please!
Does web.de offer English language? Do you know of any other free SSL
webmail sites for Tor users?
Please do not accuse me of abusing a list when I clearly stated my
intentions! You could be a little kinder when I took the time to be
kind myself.
Tor client users, please post your HTTPS free webmail alternatives to
Gmail here for use with Tor, and your experiences here! Thank you and
let us be kind and friendly!

@_date: 2008-02-02 06:55:31
@_author: Thomas Barvo 
@_subject: Fastmail.fm better E-mail for Tor users than Gmail? HTTPS! 
This is not always true when using Tor with Gmail, even when you
initiate the session with  ! I and several
others have posted on the web regarding this, especially when exit
nodes change and the session during logout is often forced in another
language to http from https during logout, what happens to the cookies
then? What of broken connections during use which crop up from time to
time? These and other strange events make me and others question using
Gmail with a web browser in Tor.

@_date: 2008-02-04 06:12:02
@_author: Thomas Barvo 
@_subject: Fastmail.fm better E-mail for Tor users than Gmail? HTTPS! 
That doesn't matter:
"As I presented in my Black Hat and DefCon talks on Securing the Tor
Network, it turns out that using https for accessing mail.google.com
is not sufficient to protect you from many "Sidejacking" attacks. The
'GX' authentication cookie for mail.google.com is set to be
transmitted for any type of connection (http or https). This is the
only cookie one needs to authenticate to gmail." - Mike Perry,
"Researcher: Google Mail vulnerable to sidejacking despite SSL"
"SSL-encrypted Gmail not safe to 'sidejacking' attacks, says researcher"
"Even SSL Gmail can get sidejacked"
This sidejacking issue is but one of several issues with Gmail I and
others have noticed. Instead of certain people giving me attitude
(poster I'm replying to now excluded) perhaps they should chill and do
some research?

@_date: 2008-02-04 06:17:27
@_author: Thomas Barvo 
@_subject: HTTPS Free Webmail alternatives to Gmail [split from:] Re: Fastmail.fm better E-mail for Tor users than Gmail? HTTPS! 
Back on-topic
Everyone, please list the free SSL webmail services you use instead of
Gmail, thank you!

@_date: 2008-01-31 08:40:54
@_author: Thomas Barvo 
@_subject: ExcludeNodes torrc option doesn't work for me 
I have tried the exclude nodes option in torrc but this does not work
for me. I monitor my IP address when I use tor in real time and the
exit nodes always change to the one(s) excluded in my torrc file at
some point. Is the RendExcludeNodes option also ignored? I have tried
removing contents of my ~/.tor directory and restarting tor, this
attempt fails too, exit nodes I blocked in torrc by nickname or
fingerprint are still used. What am I doing wrong or how do I fix
this? My torrc file is located at /usr/local/etc/tor/torrc, should I
cp it to ~/.tor ? Placement should not matter as other options are
respected, but not ExcludeNodes!
