
@_date: 2008-04-04 04:40:12
@_author: lxixnxenoise@lavabit.com 
@_subject: Proposal: Tor User Agent Carousel (TUAC) 
I would like to propose an idea to the Tor community, in the hope that
someone with the coding skills could pick up on it and run with it to make
it a reality. The idea is a simple one, I call it:
Tor User Agent Carousel (TUAC)
- What is Tor User Agent Carousel? (TUAC)
It's an idea I'm proposing as a feature to be added to Tor Button, Tork,
Vidalia, or perhaps just a plugin for Firefox. It would allow the Tor user
to configure when their browser's user agent changes and how often, either
by randomly timed (role of the dice sort of time period) intervals or a
user defined set time (week,day,hour,seconds,etc.). TUAC would read the
user agents from a text file containing a list of user agents which the
user may add to with their own custom strings at any time. The rotation of
the user agent would be at random every time, or perhaps there could be an
additional choice for the user to select between several user agents (from
within the text file containing a list of user agents) to rotate between
in addition to the random feature.
- Isn't there already a plugin for changing the browser's user agent?
Can't Privoxy also do this?
Yes and yes, but these are operations the user must *manually* perform
each time they wish to change the user agent. In my searching on the
internet I've found no plugin or program which allows Firefox (or other
browsers) to rotate the user agent randomly and/or according to a set
pattern of time. This is why the image of a carousel came to me, with the
rotation of animals being symbolic of the user agent rotation I believe
tor users should have.
- Isn't this a silly idea? How does this help anything?
First, I believe this is a feature every tor user should have as an
option, regardless of what some naysayer may have to say about it, not
everyone likes or uses every feature any software product offers them, but
without additional features they would have less to choose from. Second, I
believe the static/manual changing of the user agent isn't enough, there
are many ways to fingerprint a particular browser by its configuration,
and I don't believe simply mixing in with the crowd is enough, as the user
is likely to have many other blatent Tor-like signs, especially with most
everything turned off like javascript, java, etc. I believe by allowing
the tor user to randomize their user agent as they choose either on a set
time period for UA rotation or a time picked by the TUAC program at
random, it will further help in distancing themselves from fingerprinting
attacks. I didn't like relying on Privoxy or some browser plugin to switch
my user agent manually, I didn't want to do this each and every time I
wanted to appear as another browser, I want this done randomly without my
interaction! I'm not alone here, there are many others on the net looking
for a random UA rotation and I believe TUAC could deliver this. I'm sure
there may be a number of nay sayers, as with any idea, but regardless,
this is a feature I and many others have wanted, I'm sure, even if it was
just a Firefox plugin, it would be a simple matter to create by a bright
minded individual, and those who wanted to use it would.
- Couldn't this be just a browser plugin rather than an addition to a
Tor-specific program?
Sure, like many of the Firefox plugins, I'm sure it would be a great
addition, even for the non-Tor users. However, I believe it would be
especially useful for Tor users, so I'm suggesting it here, as not all of
us use Firefox for Tor, so could this feature be added to another program
for Tor users regardless of browser? For Privoxy users, the UA can be
changed manually within one of the configuration files, but this means
Privoxy must be restarted for the change to be honored. Is there some way
around this, or could this just be done without touching Privoxy? What
about other programs used by Tor users, Tork? Vidalia? Polipo? Others?
- If I add such a feature to my program, or make a plugin for whatever,
can I name it TUAC?
Sure, if you like the name! Maybe add a little picture of a carousel with
different shaped, sized, and colored onions on it somewhere in place of
animals, or even a regular carousel? I rather enjoy the name and image for
this idea. You may wish to link to the Tor mailing lists @ torproject.org
so other people know about this fine place where they may discuss Tor with
others, but you need not mention me, I only care if this idea becomes
reality, nothing more. If I had the means to make something like this
myself rather than sit here typing about it, I would! But alas, I am no
programmer. Should you decide to develop this idea into a working
function, please post to this list about it.
Thank you for your consideration

@_date: 2008-04-04 04:51:37
@_author: lxixnxenoise@lavabit.com 
@_subject: Ubuntu Tor LiveCD: making your own with Remastersys 
I'm interested in making an Ubuntu LiveCD for Tor use, using Remastersys.
Remastersys is being used by many to backup their Ubuntu installation on
CD or DVD and use it as a LiveCD, or using their current Ubuntu install to
make a distro. I'm wanting to backup my current install and use it for
myself as a LiveCD with Tor, but before I begin I wanted to check with the
bright minds here on a few details. Yes, I know there are already a few
LiveCD or USB Tor options but I want to roll my own with additional
programs, in my case I'm going to be making a LiveCD and a LiveDVD for
different uses. I'm thankful to anyone kind enough to respond! Your
answers will serve to help not only me, but others who may wish to use
remastersys to make their own Ubuntu LiveCD or LiveUSB with Tor! I could
inquire elsewhere, but as I'm looking for answers to this about Tor,
there's no better place to ask!
1. When running Tor from the LiveCD, what should I do about the tor router
cache which is downloaded when you start Tor? I don't want to touch the
hard drive, I'd rather use a USB flash/thumb drive, so should I specify in
torrc to use a USB location for the data? What is the command to use again
please? May I place the torrc file within the home directory inside the
.tor subdirectory of the user's home folder or should this be placed on
the USB thumb drive in a .tor directory? Where should torrc file be
located? I'm going to be disabling the use of hard disk cache during my
use of remastersys, will this have a negative impact on tor usage in any
2. Do I need to do anything else to tor (any special compile options) or
torrc before I back it up to LiveCD with remastersys? Any additional
3. Do you have a better alternative to using remastersys for making an
Ubuntu LiveCD with Tor? I'd love to hear about it! Aside from manual
mucking at the command line, I've heard of Remastersys, Reconstructor, and
Thanks in advance!

@_date: 2008-04-04 04:54:23
@_author: lxixnxenoise@lavabit.com 
@_subject: Torrifying Clive? (extracts YouTube/Google Video, 
I discovered an interesting program:
It's in the Ubuntu Universe Repository. "clive is a video extraction tool
for user-uploaded video hosts such as Youtube, Google Video, Dailymotion,
Guba and Metacafe. It can be chained with 3rd party tools for subsequent
video re-encoding and playing and playing." "Proxy support; option and
http_proxy environment setting"
Some people use KeepVid.com or other websites to download Flash videos,
but Clive seems handier without having to feed some website your video
interests. Since most of us tor users have Flash disabled when browsing,
it makes sense to want to know how to torrify a useful application like
Clive, so we may grab Flash videos easily and view them offline and it
sounds like this program may offer more options than simply fetching them
(see above where the quote says it may be used with an external encoder to
re-encode the extracted videos).
In Clive's man page, it mentions a proxy feature, I believe this could be
used by Privoxy or some other proxy used with Tor? Would it be as simple
as pointing Clive to Privoxy? Would there be any leaks?

@_date: 2008-04-04 05:00:44
@_author: lxixnxenoise@lavabit.com 
@_subject: Proposal: Tor User Agent Carousel (TUAC) 
Did you read my post before replying? I really hate typing things twice.
Name one program which offers random rotation of the user agent, nothing
exists that I can find. I am not interested in a manual static change of a
user agent, nor am I interested in debates.
Anyone picking up on my idea and running with it is appreciated. Thank you.

@_date: 2008-04-04 05:16:19
@_author: lxixnxenoise@lavabit.com 
@_subject: Proposal: Tor User Agent Carousel (TUAC) 
Hi, thank you for the reply!
"Also, when the user agent changes on a website that you logged onto, they
are going to link the two"
This is a good point, if the rotation occurs during the period of login,
but one may choose a longer period between rotations, this still not
solving anything though if the user is logged in somewhere. If the user is
logging in somewhere, though, are the maintaining a static identity? If
so, why? Would this not be a defeat in and of itself over a long period of
time, regardless of UA?
Aside from this, would they not link more from the browser than UA? So we
have two groups if we look at this simply, as a lot of tor users seem to
like using the popular Windows UA:
Group 1: The real Windows users with the UA, most plugins enabled by
default, flash, javascript, etc.
Group 2: The tor users with the common Windows UA, most or all plugins
So group one is Charlie Brown in the standard t-shirt which never changes,
and group two is Charlie Brown in the same t-shirt but with a football in
his hands, the disabled plugins standing out.
So in addition to the TUAC idea (which, despite my naming of it, you
mentioned has already been suggested, which doesn't surprise me) I propose
A way to safely spoof (without a negative result to either end) to the
websites that you have plugins enabled, java, javascript, Flash, and all
of the rest, but somehow negating the incoming trasmission of said content
by passing it into some type of virtual shredder, some type of /dev/null
approach. In this way Charlie Brown would not be holding the football in
being fingerprinted so easily.
Thank you for your other useful comments, I have removed them from my
reply to save space since I have no comments to share on them.
If this is offtopic since it does not directly have to do with tor as you
have pointed out, I will take the suggestion to others instead. Thanks for
your kind attention! :)

@_date: 2008-04-04 05:19:47
@_author: lxixnxenoise@lavabit.com 
@_subject: Proposal: Tor User Agent Carousel (TUAC) 
Hi! Thank you for your reply.
I mentioned this in my last post to this thread which I just send, with
the group 1 & 2 and charlie brown mention, please refer to it, thank you.
These may not be strange user agents, but a collection of user agents
varying in popularity which may be modified by the user to include their
own additional user agents. Sure, being within a group of the most popular
UA is desirable, but it is not truly blending as other concerns stick out
like a sore thumb. Perhaps in addition to rotation of UA, the other
solution of spoofing enabled plugins when they are disabled would be
useful in evading the fingerprinting of browser. I do not believe a static
UA choice is useful over the long term.

@_date: 2008-04-04 05:22:14
@_author: lxixnxenoise@lavabit.com 
@_subject: Ubuntu Tor LiveCD: making your own with Remastersys 
Hi, thank you for your reply.
I'm not sure that I've heard of it, but I thank you for a mention of
another possible choice. I believe I had mentioned I was aware of tor
LiveCD, but I wanted to roll my own for my own enjoyment :) as well as
offer a talking point in this thread to help others glean knowledge
through the bright minds of others on how to do this for themselves. I'm
not looking to dump a huge thread on this mailing list on anything
offtopic, I would like to know how to properly configure tor for a livecd
so it works okay. thanks

@_date: 2008-04-04 05:23:19
@_author: lxixnxenoise@lavabit.com 
@_subject: Ubuntu Tor LiveCD: making your own with Remastersys 
Hi, thank you for your reply.
I'm not sure that I've heard of it, but I thank you for a mention of
another possible choice. I believe I had mentioned I was aware of tor
LiveCD, but I wanted to roll my own for my own enjoyment :) as well as
offer a talking point in this thread to help others glean knowledge
through the bright minds of others on how to do this for themselves. I'm
not looking to dump a huge thread on this mailing list on anything
offtopic, I would like to know how to properly configure tor for a livecd
so it works okay. thanks

@_date: 2008-04-04 05:26:00
@_author: lxixnxenoise@lavabit.com 
@_subject: Proposal: Tor User Agent Carousel (TUAC) 
hi, thank you for your reply.
I am sorry I did not fully clarify my perceived benefits to my suggestion
(I don't believe it's a total solution as privacy will never fully be
solved in an electronic medium) compared to current implementations, but I
believe it would be a useful feature, even only if it's a toggle feature
slapped on the current manual/static feature of Torbutton.

@_date: 2008-04-04 05:54:34
@_author: lxixnxenoise@lavabit.com 
@_subject: Ubuntu Tor LiveCD: making your own with Remastersys 
hi, thank you for your reply.
While I appreciate the mention of another tor livecd distro (though I had
expressed the desire to make my own backup and wanted points on this
rather than being directed to another distro as I have no intention of
using another distro's livecd other than my own remaster), I don't seem to
find anything on the website which answers my questions. I see a brief
mention of making a Polippix of your own, but it does not go into detail
about where to store the downloaded tor router cache, where the torrc
should be saved on the livecd itself or usb as per my interest of data
storage when using the livecd, etc. If I have missed something on their
site, please point it out, I couldn't find what I was looking for. I have
and will always now reply in full without snips, to satisfy those who wish
to have text attributed to them, even though history will forget all of
this given time, but since it pleases some, fine, I will waste the space
by quoting everything in full with names and all.
I now refer readers to my first post in this thread where we may correctly
pick up on my intentions for this thread, thanks!

@_date: 2008-04-04 06:10:40
@_author: lxixnxenoise@lavabit.com 
@_subject: Proposal: Tor User Agent Carousel (TUAC) 
hi, thank you for your reply, my comments follow below:
Okay, though I would appreciate other people's comments then on my
suggestions for safely spoofing an enabled set of plugins if this could be
done. Yes, one may easily stick out as a Tor user because of the exit node
IP, *if* they are connecting to the end point through the exit node. Some
tor users choose to go through additional hoops rather than expose the
exit node IP, thus in this case they are NOT identified as a tor user.
Whether or not the tor user hits the website with the exit node IP, why
should they further subject themselves to being labeled as a tor user? Why
would they want to blend into this small group of users? I would think
they would want to further blend into the larger group of common folk who
most often have their plugins enabled. Because of this I believe some
method should be implemented to safely spoof plugins being enabled when
they are disabled.
Maybe you can't blend in with everyone, but I'd rather choose to blend in
with the commoners or others (that's the point of the common UA, right?)
than the rest of the tor users.
