
@_date: 2014-12-07 11:50:40
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] NSA TAO Exploit of Whonix Qubes - EGOTISTICALSHALLOT 
This question may spell a change of topic, but wouldn't
it make much more sense to introduce backdoors into debian,
gaining thus access to any derivate distribution?
I know that currently 13600 packages of debian can be built
reproducible [1], but does that mean that at least those are
being distributed with reproducible binaries? I assume not.
My current state of information is such that any source-code
based distribution is less likely to be affected by backdoors
until debian and all derivates indeed ship reproducible binaries.
If Whonix can be rebuilt from source, so can Qubes OS?
Why bother with Whonix or TAILS specifically? Making use of
backdoors is in any case risky since folks like us may have
the competence to notice those activities going on... and
possibly document how they work.
But what do I know. The more I dig into this, the more I gather
how much I am left in the dark.
[1]

@_date: 2014-12-07 13:03:51
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Qubes? debian? binary? reproducible? (was: EGOTISTICAL 
If it took ages to find heartbleed in the source, how likely is it
that a backdoored binary is found?
Not really, (2) has to happen in any case - but if you distribute binaries
that comply to (1) then you get both advantages.
Yes, but it is a tougher challenge to introduce something like
heartbleed and not be noticed rather than influencing that some
binary is replaced by another, then have it signed and distributed,
and have something definitely less likely to be discovered later.
So why talk of the harder class of vulnerabilities if we haven't fixed the easier to fix class of vulnerabilities yet? Insecure binaries.
I am talking of getting rid of the easier to introduce vulnerabilities.
Gentoo provides cryptographic hashes for all tars and zips it uses
for over ten years now. It's really no black magic. Gentoo has other
issues and I don't understand why there is so little interest in
OS built from source. If techies were admitting what a crazy risk
it is to trust binary distributions, maybe source-code based ones
would be much more advanced usability-wise by now.
But I acknowledge the work being done for reproducible debian and
I wished I would also have time to participate in that.
But you need to bootstrap from binaries that somebody else made
and that cannot immediately be rebuilt reproducibly. I hope
this will soon change, but as long as this isn't the case, I don't
understand why debian derivates are treated as being secure.
Yes, and?
Yes, that's why I question all non-reproducible binary distributions.

@_date: 2014-12-07 17:43:26
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Qubes? debian? binary? reproducible? (was: 
And still it is much harder to sneak something into the official
codebase in plain view of anyone with a healthy pair of eyeballs
than to just put it there in binary form. No proof. No risk.
Guaranteed success. Hacktivists will even advertize it for you!
Please don't insist comparing climbing a skyscraper to taking the elevator. It really isn't the same.
The first step is to maintain rationality over paranoia.
Everything may be broken, but we need to prioritize and put the least
realistic scenarios aside. The attacker always uses the easiest ones.
I wasn't talking of (2) because that is a given which isn't questioned
anywhere. I was only talking of (1). I don't know why you bring (2) into
the discussion as if there was any problem with that. Unless you are
using Microsoft Windows, there is not.
Legitimately so, still the attacker has a much harder time.
I don't understand why you reject plausible prioritization.
By throwing all problems into one big basket you defocus.
Did I say something so harsh by stating that we should be more
careful with debian and binary distributions in general?
Yes, gentoo has been lax on that for many years.
Now it supports gpg-signed portage updates, so that problem is fixed.
Every time a source code dares to contain a backdoor, there would
be a responsible you can grill. And since gentoo doesn't maintain the
source codes itself, a gentoo maintainer would have to hide it in the
additional patch files. Good luck with that! Certainly more difficult
than the challenge a debian package maintainer has: upload binary
executable. Done. Keep backdoor patch hidden in an airgapped truecrypt.
Sure, I can't get it to run anymore. Probably too many USE flags.
It's a shame too little people care for maximizing the security of
their computing stack. We need distributions that compile fully
from source, and we need them to compile reproducible so that it
is fine to distribute them also in binary form. Debian is working
on it, but we're not there yet. Here in the Tor developer zone
everyone looks at every check-in into the git like a hawk, yet
the large majority of Tor users has a binary coming from somewhere.
It's inconsequent. Like putting a large chain on the front door
while the back door is held by a kitchen cupboard magnet.
Guix, please lead the way.
Give us a new reproducible distro soon!
Let's say you use an offline Linux from 2007 to bootstrap your source
code based OS from scratch. Just because in theory you have to recompile
the compiler with different compilers a certain number of times to be
sure there can't be a backdoor in it, why be so paranoid? Expecting a
system to be able to backdoor the compilation of another system is
overkill compared to the simplicity of just using a system which has
been backdoored for the purposes of being used as is.
I mean, let's stick to reality - the attacker loves simple and easy
straightforward things. They would bribe a debian package maintainer
in half a second, why should they come up with a way to make gcc introduce
backdoors as it compiles somebody else's linux kernel?
That's far too much work!!
So let's please prioritize the threats. Using somebody else's binary
is a threat. Crosscompiling a linux from scratch for yourself is likely
to be safe because the attack vector is just too much effort to prepare.
After all the backdoors we may be having in our binary distributions are
all of the cyber warfare emergency kind. Using them in a bulk surveillance
style would be too visible and we would all know about it.
Which isn't a helpful way to put it.
We got to have priorities.
And we can use our brains to set them.
It is still about Whonix + Qubes OS being a special target for attack
and the question why one would make a TAO effort at such an exotic
platform if it is much cheaper to put backdoors into debian binaries?
Given that Whonix + Qubes OS still use debian binaries, which I am
not sure of. Concerning the anonymization architecture Whonix + Qubes
OS is certainly the most advanced thing I've ever seen.

@_date: 2014-12-08 11:18:25
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Qubes? debian? binary? reproducible? (was: 
grarpamp, thanks for making me look at
I had dared to skip it, albeit it says a lot about the person
I am holding an exchange with.
People who let openwrt update itself without cryptographic
protection are irresponsible.
Which is a refined way of saying the same thing.
Binary packages are the bigger risk. I have provided argumentation
for that and you have not challenged that effectively.
If I am correctly informed debian has two large attack vectors:
Either you get friends with a package maintainer and get her to
upload unsafe binaries (and the attacker can choose such maintainers
based on evaluating all of her past email transactions etc - possibly
even blackmail them with information which was supposed to be private),
or they get access to the VPS machines doing the automatic compilation
of the binaries the maintainers did not upload, which is probably not
so hard and has the advantage that no-one within debian needs to be
in the know. Ultimately, if the PGP private keys reside on those VPS
servers, targeted attacks become feasible - right there in the process
of a routine apt-get upgrade.
Whereas with gentoo I would assume there is a limited number of
persons that certify the daily generated portage images. Even if
the attacker gets his hands on the private keys, he needs to
falsify clear-text scripts or patches, thus material that can be
easier detected and used as evidence against him compared to binaries,
then choose between getting those evident changes distributed by the
entire gentoo backend - maximizing the risk of getting caught - or
targeting specific persons, which means making false versions of
portage and knowing from which of hundreds of mirrors the targeted
person will try to https-rsync it from. The attacker thus has to be
close enough to the target to MITM all https-rsync operations, which
depends on the system being dumb enough to not do certificate pinning.
All in all the source distribution is a whole lot harder to attack
than the binary distribution and can even be improved by providing
system level certificate pinning like with libcertpatrol.
Other option to improve the safety of the procedure would be if there
was a mirror running on a .onion, .i2p or .gnu since those aren't as
easily MITMable.
Yes, reproducible builds would be a step into the future. Right
now source-code based systems are more secure, unless somebody in
here can really challenge the argumentations I laid out.
I understand that sometimes such spectacular mistakes make it
even on a source code level, whereas we won't even find out about
unspectacular backdoors introduced on a mere binary code level.
And that is the easier route to take. So there is no way to figure
out how many "sleeper cells" are already in our linux DVDs.
I take random glimpses into patches and git pulls.
If everyone does, there is no guarantee that the costly investment
in introducing a source-code level vulnerability will pass undetected,
whereas a binary vulnerability is close to a safe bet.
Stays undetected until the day it is actually activated for something,
and even then it takes very competent folks to observe its actions
and figure out where things went wrong.
Yeah yeah. Keeping people from working out priorities and making
reasonable choices by throwing everything into a big basket of uncertainty.
Big basket logic.
Yes, I didn't mention that running a source-code based Qubes would be
better than running a Gentoo. Do I also have to mention 2+2 = 4 or
will you challenge me on anything I have not said?

@_date: 2014-12-30 02:58:25
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cryptographic social networking project 
Thank you for posting to several mailing lists about it.
I see you have spent quite some time in the design of
the cryptographic aspects of things, but as the designer
of  - a distributed social network
supposed to protect data, metadata, but also to scale,
I see some aspects that may turn out troublesome on the
scalability front.
Most transactions on a social network are one-to-many
distributed messages.. your model provides postings
and comments to postings, both requiring "hundreds" of
circuits to hidden services being established or
maintained each time something happens on one person's timeline. In your example, Alice has 167 friends,
therefore if a posting of hers triggers a conversation,
her node would have to relay each piece of conversation
to 167 other hidden services without a distribution
This will not scale well since Tor has no optimization
for one-to-many use cases. We are specifically developing
a multicast distribution layer into GNUnet to address
these types of use. See and  for further details.
But that's not all yet, according to your document
each posting or comment isn't actually delivered directly but rather stored in form of what you call a "Block" on a
"PseudonymousServer." All of the 167 recipients have thus
to maintain a circuit to one or more PseudonymousServers
in order to retrieve the ongoing comments of the discussion.
This also opens up doubts concerning anonymity. If a
global passive observer can correlate EntryNode activity
with the traffic going in and out of PseudonymousServer,
wouldn't it be likely that very similar bursts of Block
retrievals would allow to reconstruct the social graph
of Alice? Even more, if the attacker p0wned this specific
PseudonymousServer and thus knows which Blocks are being
retrieved? Your design doc specifies that you are lacking
an incentive for creating large numbers of such Pseudony-
mousServers, thus the attackers would be the only ones to
have a motivation to offer such "free" services.
These would be things that worry me at first glance, maybe
I could find more if I spend further time. I do in any case
appreciate your idealism and the effort you have put into
this so far. I would love to have you work with us on
secushare.org. You can fork it and call it sharebook if
you like.

@_date: 2014-09-01 15:44:23
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Micropayment embedded in circuit building? New idea? 
Hiya.. don't know if anyone has thought of this before:
What if there was a sufficiently brilliant and lightweight
micropayment system, that you could pay relay nodes for
anonymizing your circuits?
I don't care to turn Tor into a business - the point is to solve the incentivation question in case we would want
to require onion routing as an obligatory feature for
future commercial telephony, on a national or continental
Also I don't want to deviate the discussion on this list
towards micropayments. I'd rather discuss that elsewhere.
It's more about the idea of being able to embed OOB data
into the circuits that pays each relay a microsum each
second of use, allowing this to run phone calls or torrents.
The next step would then be to allow applications to choose
relays on a topological/latency-oriented basis. If such a
new Tor network had a millions of relay nodes, it would be
reasonable and safe to pick all relays within my current
physical area. Concerning Tor's scalability, a new network would probably replace the directory servers with GNUnet-like mesh routing technology. It is sufficient for legislation to know that a technical solution can be found.
The intention is to anonymize the billing system in mobile
telephony while also anonymizing and encrypting telephony
itself. With such an architecture it would no longer be
necesary for the mobile phone to identify itself as it
checks into the phone network - thus it becomes commercially
viable to not collect location data of the people as they
carry a mobile phone with them.
In other words I'm trying to save democracy from informatic
totalitarianism, ironically by coming up with a business
It's a thought that hit me while going through the ideas
about obligatory crypto and anonymization legislation that
I laid out in and that I am discussing with members of some political
parties today at 5pm in Berlin Schoeneberg, Crellestr. 33.
That's like.. oops.. in an hour.
If you agree that this is a viable concept and just needs
a lot of research, then it is at the right stage for going
into that legislation proposal.
One could go further and allow a free marketplace among relay
nodes but THAT I assume would be very very bad since then apps
would come up that always choose the cheapest route and you
know who has an incentive in offering the cheapest routes below
market level. So that is something that cannot be permitted,
the relay usage tariff would have to be standardized all over.
In fact, it would probably even need a way to be enforced.
Best from Berlin,

@_date: 2014-09-02 22:23:27
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Micropayment embedded in circuit building? New idea? 
Thanks a lot for replying, Mo.
Where else is it? I was passed a link to a thing called TorCoin
but I think that operates very differently from what I had in mind.
The method I was suggesting makes no change to path selection at all
and merely puts some pennies into each onion envelope for whoever does
the job. It would of course be very harming to your own anonymity if you
change your path selection habits in order to direct money into certain
pockets. Hmm.. that could be a problem.
The law proposal theorizes a next generation onion routing system,
potentially for worldwide use as a telephony anonymizing system. It
would in no way be connected to today's Tor. It would possibly not
even use much of currently existing software - depends on the telcos
how they solve the problem once the requirements make it into law.
The law says what features it wants, not how to actually implement them.
Did I mention its URL?
Indeed interesting. The topic is quite complex evidently. Will
have to consult the way the micropayment system works if it can
impede doublespending without risking the user's privacy.
Again, I wasn't talking about the existing Tor and so all the worries
about how it would break the existing Tor are not applicable. This is
about making a new telephone system which doesn't mess with human rights.
Maybe we could indeed run a telephone system on warm fuzzy feeling, with
donated relay servers and free telephony except for the price of the device.
I will mentally explore both options.
Sybil attacks can be taken care of by design and a large scale
commercial deployment would probably have to pick a design of
that kind, so it again would not be Tor as we know it.
Another thing I should look at, thanks.

@_date: 2014-09-02 22:37:39
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Micropayment embedded in circuit building? New idea? 
Because I want to destroy the necessity for telcos to identify my
mobile phone as I walk down the street. So if paying for relays is
a way to deanonymize myself, at least it would be the second best.
But maybe there is a way to get it right, and I don't want to give
up hope on saving humanity from digital doom as yet.
Looks like you understood something like the opposite of what I meant.
This website does not work. Is it trying to require Javascript?
Tor in Javascript? Thank you, but this is totally off-topic.
Have you looked at the law proposal? It is about making a
strong relay node network, not a P2P network.
The first hop knows where you are. The third hop doesn't.
With a thousand relays just in one city it should be
reasonably difficult to trace where your packets went.
Yes, that's why P2P is out of the question here.
Sounds like GNUnet, except for the word "just" that alludes to
something being simple which I know it isn't.
Not applicable.
I can imagine telcos being enthusiastic at the idea that phone
calls are relayed down from antennas to mobile phones just to
come back to the antenna because the mobile phone is merely
acting as a P2P relay... reasonable use of wireless bandwidth.
Not talking of the benefits in latency.

@_date: 2014-09-04 18:53:44
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] BBC Horizon: Inside the Dark Web 
Nice doc. Indeed surprisingly balanced. Then again, no...
Several times they were alluding to the aspect of governments using
automations to single out groups of people that may be doing something
That may sound to the superficially minded as something positive.
I was missing the extra sentence saying that governments are not the
ones who should be in charge of determining which political opposition
is legitimate and which one may be deserving of intervention.
The danger surveillance is supposed to protect us from is ridiculous
compared to the damage it does to democracy. Civil rights are not about
you and your mum, they are about not giving certain parts of the democratic
system inbalanced power over others. Letting governments control the
formation of opposition is a breakdown of the seperation of powers, the
end of the checks and balances, the termination of democracy.
Our governments have now the power to become self-sufficient regimes
anytime they choose and it is a question of time until the wrong people
get in power and will make us feel the consequences.
We're like in the Weimarer Republik 1929, when the weakness of the new
democratic architecture was only waiting for someone like Hitler to
abuse it. The next holocaust may be only ten years away. But is there
something that could be considered a "good side" anymore? Will at least
some countries on earth understand the problem and be on the "good side"
of history? And do they stand a chance to win?
The doc kind of gets to say some of these things, but then it says
Wikileaks was "under attack for releasing unredacted documents" which
is an unfair way to put it: The journalist from the Guardian had foolishly
published the passwords of those documents. Journalists have repeatedly shown to be a serious problem in this entire architecture.
Haha, the ICANN part is hilarious... big spectacle for something hardly
relevant. Too bad BBC fails to deliver the irrelevance of DNS getting
a bit more secure while keeping all other downsides. But hey, what a show!

@_date: 2015-02-15 11:55:09
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Who said it takes hours of latency to fix anonymity? 
I'm sorry to disturb with this, but I am being confronted with
hearsay about Roger D. having said that it would take latencies
in the order of hours to fully make communications impossible
to shape and correlate. And that hearsay is being purported as
generic for any kind of anonymization network. To me, if it is
true, this only makes sense applied to Tor's low latency approach
of things. A system that uses shaping-resistant fixed size packets
would not need latencies in the order of hours to be provably
successfully anonymizing even in the face of a pervasive global
attacker, and I presume several papers in anonbib propose viable
strategies concerning that. They are just too many to pick one to
start from. Am I missing a clue? I am so embarrassed to ask this,
I don't even feel like mailing Roger about it. I prefer having more advanced questions to ask.

@_date: 2015-01-02 00:27:05
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cryptographic social networking project 
Happy new ear (as they say in Italy).
So let's assume less than 1% of Facebook users use this.. let's take
a million for example. Hundreds of thousands of Tor users would then
be keeping hundreds of circuits open while they are interacting with
the Bulk data servers. What do Tor backend experts think of this
Yes, that can be improved.
Why would you add attackers to your social network?
You think you gain social score by that?
Of course such a social network must disincentivate adding strangers.
No, we would call it "round robin" if it wasn't doing multicast.
I don't see this lack of trust scenario you are painting.
We are doing a social application, it is natural for a social
application to trust the other members of the same multicast group
to cooperate on achieving the common goal.
You didn't comment this part. So a million people also keep
refreshing circuits to a cloud of PseudonymousServers for
each line of chat going on on any profile. Yes?
You're talking as if there was no right or wrong ways to
use Tor, but we've seen plenty of problems with applications
that centralize some of their logic into a single hidden
service server or two. Tor works best when the transactions
are fully decentralized.
Even better if future anonymity networks do not have any
centralized components at all, at least for certain jobs.
You are saying this in the mailing list of people that know
that it's not that simple. Some wrong uses of Tor are
pretty easy to deanonymize. And then there's traffic shaping.
And I'm saying that won't be enough to achieve neither
the anonymity nor the scalabilty needed for a social network.

@_date: 2015-01-03 14:19:58
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cryptographic social networking project 
No, I am just suggesting not to use Tor for something it wasn't built
for. We have been working on a technology that combines anonymization
with multicast distribution and is therefore a lot better suited for
social use cases. I hoped you would see this point and maybe consider
joining forces with us rather than developing something that may run
into scalability limits.
You are making rough guesses at our architecture. How can you be so
sure that we aren't doing things right? If you're trying to claim that
anonymous multicast is impossible you have a hard challenge since there
are papers going back to around 1999 stating that it can be done.
You want to use a shopping bag to deliver a cupboard.. and now you
say that using more shopping bags will solve the problem. You can't
solve an exponentially growing problem with a linearely growing
solution. All technologies that address scalability have a multicast
distribution strategy somewhere. In cloud technology it's the way
the database replication is organized in distribution trees. In
Bittorrent it's the way BT grows a tree with every further downloader.
Tor doesn't have that and so far I have not heard of anyone being
interested in changing this. In fact, it would be such a drastic intrusion into its current operation mode that it would risk affecting
the current way Tor operates. That is why it is good for everyone that
other platforms like GNUnet, Tribler and I2P experiment with this
challenge and Tor developers who think Tor has reached a sufficient
degree of maturity could come and help the other platforms. I can
imagine an integration happening at some point, since all of these
platforms need a relay router network to perform well.
Still whenever Alice uses those 167 circuits (example scenario) she is
sending the exact same information to all of those people. If our
anonymization network had native distribution trees rather than unicast
circuits, then this task would be roughly the same as when Twitter
delivers a tweet to all data centers in order to make it appear on
potentially millions of recipient dashboards.
[skipping redundancy]
You should ask these questions yourself. If you don't trust your
friends, why are you thinking of developing a social networking
application? It's obvious that anytime you send a message to a
group of your friends you trust each one of them not to forward
these message to people you didn't intend to. And it is a totally
normal case of social treason when they in fact do. This isn't
anything you can solve by technology. People want something like
Facebook and we can deliver them with something like Facebook
which is actually private and anonymous unless one of your friends
cheats on you. That is a huge step forward from the current situation
where everything you say is archived for all times.
Our plan is completely different from what you write here. Pubsub
distribution channels operate over the backbone, not the individual
friend systems. It is the backbone ensuring that everyone gets a copy
of the message she is supposed to get and the subscribers may not know
of each other - who they are, how many they are. I don't know why you
assume you can judge what we have been working on in the last decade,
then talk about things that have nothing to do with us.
[removing more redundancy]
Which again means that the same data is being delivered in hundreds of
copies over the Tor network, rather than having a multicast strategy
that ensures data travels each network node just once at maximum, or
at least reduces redundancy to a scalable amount.
You insist on only focusing on the cost of establishing circuits, but
I don't believe Tor will be able and wanting to deal with an explosion
of redundant data deliveries. There is a reason why Bittorrent is
discouraged over Tor - because it is the same social use case. Tor
scales for a steadily growing number of humanoids that make unicast
exchanges with websites and other server-like applications. It's a
linear challenge that a slow increase in efficiency and number of relay nodes can tackle.
The moment all of these users start interacting with each other like
crazy, Tor has a problem. I don't understand why I have to tell and
re-tell these basics of scalability as if it was my opinion. This
is how scalability works, or rather doesn't work. If we want an
anonymization platform that can scale socially, we have to make one.
"The greatest shortcoming of the human race is our inability to  understand the exponential function."
With a completely different message distribution scenario it also makes
sense to rethink anonymization.
You just described another one of the good reasons why Tor isn't the
appropriate tool for the job we want to get done. Low latency is a
client/server-paradigm requirement that unnecessarily reduces the
anonymity for the use case of a distributed social network.
But that is the problem of the architecture. You are building a neat
application that doesn't fit the foundation you are putting it on.
But feel free to ignore my feedback. I just wrote to you because you asked
for feedback and because I thought we could be doing better things together.
Now you have an assessment that your plan will likely not work out for a relevant number of participants and you are free to find out the hard way or teach me something about scalabilty after working with it for ...
hmm.. when did I start working on IRC's multicast? That's 25 years ago now.
So good luck proving me that I got it all wrong.

@_date: 2015-01-04 18:43:34
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Shaping Tor's traffic 
Excuse me picking up a very old mail, but the question I have
may (a) be of general interest and (b) possibly be answered by
someone else but Gareth Owen, the presenter.
There was just one slide at the end of the talk where it occured to me that my understanding of Tor felt in disagreement with the The slide states that "Traffic confirmation attacks are MUCH
more powerful" which makes sense to me, but then Gareth says
that it would take a user to bump into a "dodgy guard relay"
run by the same attacker that also runs the hidden service
in order to de-anonymize a user accessing that hidden service.
Gareth follows up saying you can de-anonymize a fraction of
hidden service users that way.
Later Gareth says "As the attacker you need to control the
hidden service's guard node to do these traffic correlation
:From my understanding it isn't necessary to *control* any
of the guard nodes, it is fully sufficient to be able to
measure or shape the patterns of traffic moving between
the guard node and the calling user or the hidden service
respectively. So essentially any surveillance infrastructure
monitoring intercontinental traffic may be able to detect
or shape such traffic if the guard nodes happen to not be
network topologically close to their respective users.
The only protection I see against that would be if either
the user is generating plenty of other traffic between her
node and the guard node while accessing the hidden service,
or if the hidden service is so popular, it is being talked
to by several circuits coming from the same guard. And how
much of a protection that can be would be subject to research.
To me it sounds like it would just take more time to correlate.
So, from the perspective of a global active adversary doing traffic shaping, the general procedure to me sounds like this:
1. you run confirmation attacks long enough until you have
   singled out the IP address of the not so hidden service;
2. you run heavy weaponry against its guard nodes in order
   to get control over the software, allowing you to start
   distinguishing individual circuit activity patterns
   (this step would only be necessary if the targeted hidden
   service is very popular);
3. you pick out specific tor users and shape their traffic
   entering their entry nodes to see if those patterns pop
   out on the way to the hidden service - or other way
   around, you shape the traffic going back to the user.
Is there anything wrong with my assumptions, or is Gareth
right that it takes p0wnage of *both* guards in order to
de-anonymize people? Or is the truth somewhere in-between,
in the sense that we don't know how well shaping attacks work?
I also wonder, if you're a really good global active attacker,
you should be able to spot the traffic you shaped anytime it
crosses your surveillance infrastructure again... so you should
have a plausible chance of figuring out which websites a user is
looking up.
I understand the Tor network fluctuates a lot concerning latency
and throughput, so the attacker would have to do quite aggressive
shaping, buffering not so little amounts of data, sending specific amounts of bytes then introducing pauses of significant duration.
But I'm just theorizing, and maybe Tor has some provisions to
protect against traffic shaping that I am not aware of. That would explain Gareth' statement. I just grepped through a year
of mailing lists and didn't find traffic shaping discussed much
at all. Maybe "shap" wasn't the suitable search expression.

@_date: 2015-01-09 11:08:55
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cryptographic social networking project 
It may be the language, but I feel you are talking about completely
different things than the ones I pointed out. Feel free to throw all
your estimates at me, but it doesn't make me think you solved the
systemic problem of addressing an exponential challenge with a linear
solution. You summed up bandwidth as if the useless redundancy of the content on the network was irrelevant. I believe it adds up and
in all cases I saw where this was underestimated (round robin unicast
distribution by HTTP or XMPP for example) it has subsequently failed
to scale.
That sounds completely different to the architecture you described
on the website. You say Alice no longer establishes circuits to each
friend in order to deliver notifications? Then how do the notifications
travel. They all go through a central cloud service? No, you mean
something else...
So Alice reopens circuits to each of her friends all of the time?
In order to deliver a notification she does 167 circuits - sequentially,
thus with a tangible latency?
Nothing of this explains how you avoid maintaining 167 circuits just
for Alice instead of efficiently delivering one message from Alice
to 167 people, using a suitable distribution tree network. It's like
I'm talking apples and you answer cucumbers.
Are you explaining how the hidden service DHT works? Why?
You are using a circuit to talk to a rendezvous point without actually
establishing a circuit? Now you are venturing into details of Tor
protocol that I am not familiar with. If Tor let's you optimize some
things here that is cool, but that still doesn't make a distribution tree.
The rendez-vous point maintains state for Bob? Is that an extension
you are proposing to the Tor protocol? So the RP is in charge of
actually distributing the message? That may not be sufficient, but
it is certainly better than doing the round robin from the sender's node.
This sounds like a ratchet mechanism. Nothing to do with scalability
or am I misunderstanding you?
Bandwidth isn't the answer. Not even Google, Facebook or Twitter solve
the distribution problem by bandwidth, even if they are the ones that
could afford to cheat this way the most. Yet, they have distribution networks.
If Alice sends 167 individual notifications, she is not distributing.
Distribution should happen as close as possible to the recipient.
If a guard node receives a notification and distributes it to 24 final
recipients that have subscribed for it, that is an efficient distribution
plan. It implies relay nodes maintaining state about distribution trees
and a different plan for achieving anonymity.
To this part you can apply cloud technology, so that should work.
The only place our website mentions mesh networking is on the censorship
page. There it says   "GNUnet provides an ad-hoc mesh networking transport. Secure Share plans to use it in parallel with traditional Internet."
Monitoring is not enough, the attacker needs to be able to shape the traffic - possibly quite aggressively. I don't know to how many people such an attack would scale. We need another Snowden to tell us how things
are moving forward with the 5 eyes technologies. We may hope for the best but we should develop for the worst.
Both your assumption (friends = routers) and your deduction are wrong.
You may want to watch some gnunet videos on GNUnet's onion routing is in planning stage. We're doing this because
Tor isn't suited for it and last time I asked I had the impression
keeping pubsub state on each relay node isn't a welcome idea on Tor.
I also like the way GNUnet can replace the existing Internet IP routing.
Yes, but it doesn't provide tree distribution.
Complete change of topic? Yes, mesh networks may have a hard time
finding adoption as long as governments do not endorse them.
Stuff that has no business model usually has a hard time in capitalism.
Should too many phones start doing mesh networking, the telecoms will
start selling phones with mesh networking disabled. Maybe they can even
send a suitable OS upgrade to deployed phones. The freedom to mesh may
have to be defended by legislation.
That part of the model doesn't seem to be a problem with me, although
I don't like centralization very much.
Yes, I was pointed to "alpha mixing" - a brilliant paper that has been
lying around unimplemented since 2006. Also noticed some recent
conversations on the topic that my grep for traffic shaping failed to find.
Tor should focus on financing these developments ASAP.
Beyond my area of competence here. I love when cryptographers find
brilliant solutions I couldn't have come up with, but I haven't seen
one for mass distribution of data yet. Maybe we should do social
networking protocols over FM antenna or cable TV.

@_date: 2015-01-12 17:29:06
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cryptographic social networking project 
Ok, that is an important bit that somehow wasn't immediately clear to me.
You are not planning to use current Tor but you intend to make a relevant
contribution in the code that runs on the relay nodes and elsewhere.
I may not be lightning fast at understanding your masterplan. That last
sentence says a lot. So you avoid doing the fan out from the original
source but rather employ the relay network by making the third circuit hops
take care of distribution. By "TCP packets" you mean packets on the already
established TCP connections between the relay nodes, yes? Sorry but some obvious things haven't been obvious to me. I probably have to look at your spec again now that I'm starting to get it.
s/sufficient/efficient/ ? Should the fan out from the third hop to the RPs run into scalability
limitations, that is just the point where our pubsub architecture could plug in. It would organize the RPs into distribution trees to avoid
the third hop becoming a bottleneck for very popular sources (think a
Justin Bieber tweet, or a live webcam in Syria).
We cannot afford to postpone scalability because then we run into the
Diaspora effect: Media talks about us, millions of people switch to our
platform and we only get *one* chance to prove we can handle the load -
if we fail then, people will not come back. And the world badly needs an
alternative to Facebook - not just for a few closed groups.
If your maths suggests this can already work out in the simple way that
you suggest, that is good news. If it suffers from limitations, we may
be able to offer an upgrade - if I understood your distribution plan
I have one question left.. but I think I found the answer further below:
Why doesn't it work to deliver the actual content rather than just the notification? Isn't the content supposed to be picked up by everyone anyhow?
Isn't it more bandwidth consuming to have an extra service maintain the
data blocks? Especially in the case of small events like Paul saying
"I agree" in a comment to Alice's status update? Or is this only an option
if we were to use a distribution tree instead of doing fan out from the third hop? So if we were to plug in our distribution technology in-between
the third outgoing point and the thousands of rendez-vous points, then we
could probably avoid needing a block package storage cloud.
That answers my question on not sending the entire content over
the distribution network. It is a question of choice of trade-off - do
we deal with the pros and cons of a block storage cloud or do we
accept the challenge of implementing multicast anonymity and forward
secrecy for entire distribution channels rather than just single recipients. I think none of this is easily answered and it is legitimate
to try out both approaches - what we can do however is to work together on the application side of things, as that can be designed in a way to work with either architecture.
Oh okay. In pubsub the subscription takes care of that.
That I believe is a possibly incorrect assumption. If there is a pubsub
channel established among Alice and all her recipients, then the ratchet
can be applied to the encryption key of the entire channel rather than
making 167 individual ones. I don't see how even a global active attacker
would be able to de-anonymize the subscriber list even if they managed to
p0wn one recipient and thus get access to the channel key and content -
since they key only protects the content. Unless of course the list of
recipients is part of the content, but then individual ratches become
completely pointless - and frequently the group membership is not a secret
within a group. So here I see great potential of simplification/optimization
of your model.
Yes, because you accept the trade-off of having all those people
retrieve their own copy of the data block from the block cloud service.
That is the actual bandwidth trade-off here. How much does it cost to
have a million people fetch the latest tweet of  from the block
cloud compared to distributing that tweet using a distribution tree?
We essentially reduce the traffic by one million GET requests and a
million of copies of the tweet being pushed from the block cloud into
the Tor network. We only keep the one million outgoing circuit
operations. That should make quite a difference in scalability.
We had very exciting debates on the "gnu social" list in 2010 when Diaspora was just starting. The man behind the defunct project "GNU
social P2P" made me change my mind a lot on architcture back then
and heavily inspired secushare. We both asked Diasproa to take our
views into consideration - they originally promised and actually
implmeneted Diaspora in a way that each user has her own PGP identity,
but the idea of having everyone run a complete ruby on rails instance
on their personal devices was of course unrealistic and was archived
sometime later. And then the inevitable followed: The broken federation model once again failed to scale and frustrated the new hopeful users.
Also buddycloud ran into scalability issues, but they are not talking about it in public. It is really tragic that scalability failures aren't
properly analyzed and documented.
Depends on how much you want to change the world.
That can be achieved by creating suitable motivation. If the social
distance can be computed even for anonymous data, people can sponsor relays
that offer services to first or second degree friends without knowing what exactly and who exactly they are working for. The space for ideas
in this field is still vast methinks. Why gone? They should already have a copy on their hard disk.
For the majority of social apps there is no need to hide who the
other subscribers of a channel are, therefore you know who to ask for missing copies. If you on top have a pubsub distribution architecture,
then that may keep a certain amount of state available - enough at
least to get the latest updates and incoming mails. Particularely
useful in the 1:1 messaging use case, when you don't want to depend
on both being online at the same time.
I was alluding to the third of the the three classic distribution
methods.. unicast, multicast and... broadcast. Broadcast does not
use trees, it uses antennas usually.  :)   But I was just kidding.
Multicast is the model that we need for this class of application.

@_date: 2015-01-14 16:14:57
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cryptographic social networking project 
Well, the truth is she wants to send the same packet to 167 people and
we are discussing the trade-offs between efficiency and anonymity.
Don't include the conclusion of your thoughts in the presumptions -
that is a logical fallacy.
If people experience Tor as their Facebook replacement, that will
motivate many new donors and volunteers. The question is, if the
growth of traffic is linear or exponential.
Hey wait, now you are saying something that doesn't fit what you said
before. Didn't we say that Alice fans out the 167 notifications from
the 3rd hop? So if we insert a multicast pubsub in there, we still only
have 4 hops per recipient on reception side (RP, intermediate, guard,
end-system), not 6 (actually 7, if you include end-system).
So the maths is, instead of having 167 interactions with a cloud system
in TOR2WEB mode (which requires 5 hops using 4 Tor relays, not 3: guard
node, intermediate, third hop, rendez-vous point) we have one notification being distributed in a load-balancable way across a tree of rendez-vous points that need to have the info anyway, because they want to forward it to the 167 hidden service recipients.
Other advantage is that the pubsub architecture can be run in low latency,
so it can be used for anonymized webcam multicasting or other streaming without affecting the Tor network as hard as it would to use a Bittorrent on top. And that debating in the comments of a status update feels more
real-timeish, chat-like.
Also, I am not so sure running the PseudonymousServer in TOR2WEB mode
is such a great idea. It makes it rather easy for an attacker to see
which machine, rendez-vous point or cloud system they need to take
down to stop conversations in an entire social network. I keep on not
being enthusiastic about this dependency. There could be several such
PseudonymousServers, but still they are easy to figure out and the less
people use them (decentralization), the more their social graph becomes Whereas in the multicast architecture it is not obvious which RP serves
which people, and should a certain RP be taken down, the recipients can
resubscribe just the affected pubsubs or simply renegotiate an RP going via the DHT. The attacker can't easily take down the entire network,
they can only hope to de-anonymize and attack individuals - and even
that we can address, by using a bit more of GNUnet's sybil-attack
resistant routing capabilities.
Oh, so we have a bit of Bitmessage-like architecture as well there.
Only that it is being done by cloud technology rather than a distributed
diverse infrastructure.. then again, it's up to us how we implement that.
I prefer the idea of letting either the rendez-vous points or, even better,
the user's guard nodes maintain a bit of spool space for its users.
I think storage space on user devices is no longer a problem. Even
smartphones can easily have a 16G memory card. We have a choice of
trade-offs to make, and asking users to devote more disk space so they
can enjoy their social network also when they are outside wi-fi range
and spool social interactions until they get back in wi-fi range - I
think that is likely to be experienced more like a cool feature rather
than a burden.
I think the way the Internet is evolving for the worst we should make
systems that keep their data to themselves rather than store them in
clouds. If in a distant future the encryption fails us, attackers would
be able to decrypt what they see right there plus how much they have
been keeping as a "full take" or "Tor snapshot." That I hope is different
from being able to access the entire history of all social network
interactions, because they're all in that cloud. Also, who pays for
Utah-like storage requirements? What is your business model for financing
the sharebook cloud servers?
That's not true, you are still assuming distribution optimization is
And here you are repeating the theory that we would be making new
circuits for each delivery which I thought was my misunderstanding
three mails ago, why are you making it yours now? There are no 6/7 hops
there, in neither the sharebook or the RP-multicast scenario.
Don't forget that there is link level encryption between each multicast
node, so an attacker would have to take over the network of relay nodes
to gather significant knowledge.
Also we should devise a multicast ratcheting method by which each
branch of the tree re-encrypts the content with a different ratchet,
thus making it difficult for somebody who p0wns a certain number of
relay nodes to recognize which subtrees belong to the same root.
It's a trade-off you are making in order to afford a round-robin fan out.
I'm trying to come up with a multicast model that respects a reasonable
amount of anonymity and no longer needs a PseudonymousServer cloud.
You are trading in scalability for what you think is the necessary
cryptography but researches seem to be of a different opinion as the
following papers show.
That is a bold claim.
2009, "De-anonymizing Social Networks" by Arvind Narayanan and Vitaly
Shmatikov is about correlating Twitter and Flickr users.
Is this really what you mean? Sounds pretty off-topic to me.
Other papers on the topic are these:
- 2000, "Xor-trees for efficient anonymous multicast and reception"
- 2002, "Hordes ? A Multicast Based Protocol for Anonymity"
- 2004, "AP3: Cooperative, decentralized anonymous communication"
- 2006, "M2: Multicasting Mixes for Efficient and Anonymous Communication"
- 2006, "Packet coding for strong anonymity in ad hoc networks"
- 2007, "Secure asynchronous change notifications for a distributed file system"
- 2011, "Scalability & Paranoia in a Decentralized Social Network."
- 2013, "Design of a Social Messaging System Using Stateful Multicast."
The last two are our own. I'm afraid I can't find a paper that supports
your bold assertion there. You will have to help me.
Other papers on the topic of distributed social multicast, but without anonymity:
- 2003, "Bullet: High Bandwidth Data Dissemination Using an Overlay Mesh"
- 2003, "SplitStream: high-bandwidth multicast in cooperative environments"
- 2005, "The Feasibility of DHT-based Streaming Multicast"
- 2006, "Minimizing churn in distributed systems"
- 2007, "SpoVNet: An Architecture for Supporting Future Internet Applications"
- 2008, "TRIBLER: a Social-based Peer-to-Peer System." Papers about anonymous social networking, without the scalability bit:
- 2010, "The Gossple Anonymous Social Network."
- 2010, "Pisces: Anonymous Communication Using Social Networks"
    by Prateek Mittal, Matthew Wright, and Nikita Borisov isn't about
    multicast, but it elaborates a way how social networks can in theory
    improve onion routing.
- 2011, "X-Vine: Secure and Pseudonymous Routing Using Social Networks."
Papers suggesting the use of social graph data to protect against
sybil attacks:
- 2006, "SybilGuard: defending against sybil attacks via social networks"
- 2013, "Persea: A Sybil-resistant Social DHT"
I think there are more on this specific topic.. ah yes, X-Vine also
proposes social protection against sybil attacks.
Since I'm not a paid researcher I have not read all of these papers,
but it does so far look like there is a majority in favor of our
architecture rather than yours.
I believe seeing little pieces of branches will not get you far.
The disadvantages of requiring a storage cloud are more heavy-weight.
I challenge that, at least in the current Tor network. If the attacker
applies traffic shaping to the outgoing notification. Only if the
notification has a fixed size the third hop can avoid replicating the
shaped traffic and thus allow an observer to see which rendez-vous
points are being addressed - possibly de-anonymizing many involved
hidden services behind them. Probably there is even a chance of
de-anonymization if notifications had a fixed size, since the third hop
will suddenly be busy sending out all similarly shaped packets to 167 RPs.
I challenge that as well. Given a high latency packet-oriented multicast
system being fed from the third hop, distributing the content to a network
of reception points, the maximum de-anonymization that can be achieved
is by p0wning some nodes, seeing some fragments of somebody's trees,
still not being able to tell where the stuff came from and where it
will end up.
You may be wrong, and some papers think differently.
Of course accessing blocks from a third party server is a trade-off
in excessive bandwidth, please.
Twitter uses a multicast-like replication system, like all cloud
systems. The question is if it makes sense to access that via
a TOR2WEB gateway or better have it built into the anonymization
network. Cloud systems are easier to set up because they are a
well understood thing, but the disadvantages are relevant.
Yes, but the fact that I am interested in ioerror's tweets says
something about me. That's why I believe anonymization should
happen at any scale. That's why I would rather opt for a system
that can scale with the number of people adopting it, rather
than having to say: Sorry, twitter.com or livestream.com use
cases are unwelcome - you have to give up anonymity for those.
Yes, they grow at the same speed as the number of people wanting
to use them - so the principles of scalability are respected.
Exactly, so your model with the centralized block cloud is doomed,
as I see it.
Occasional failures can be recovered - we have a recovery scheme
for that. I don't believe people will systematically not provide
disk space to have a great social networking experience. One
that beats Facebook's in many ways, not just privacy.
[OFF-TOPIC: Talking about the lightweb]
ioerror advocates the "lightweb" if I remember correctly.
I frequently find myself explaining to people, that even if the
anonymization were imperfect, Tor hidden services are still the most
popular end-to-end public key routing system offering higher authenticity
guarantees of the counterpart you are addressing than TLS/HTTPS. And then
you can always combine both systems. Since onion certificates are useless
if you don't own the private key, certificate authorities could hand out
certifications freely - they just need to check the identity of the
requestor, not care about the name of the onion. In other words, Tor
could market itself as the better HTTPS - if only Hidden services were
healthier. I find it surprising how frequently even people familiar
with Tor haven't looked at it that way. TOR2WEB mode for the win. If
both sides use TOR2WEB mode you have an improved HTTPS over just one proxy
hop. That hop could be optimized away actually, by going directly to
the IP of the onion server and expecting the Tor public key as the HTTPS
identity. But this all has nothing to do with the rest of our discussion.
And in general I am in favor of anonymizing more, not less.
Something which is half-way on-topic instead is... should we employ
GNUnet as a distribution infrastructure plugged betwen the third
outgoing hop and the rendez-vous points, it probably makes sense to
also use GNUnet's sybil attack resistant DHT instead of Tor's, possibly
introducing better look-up privacy. But that is something Christian
and Georges should be working out.

@_date: 2015-01-16 17:20:30
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cryptographic social networking project 
Dear evervigilant, no we do not consider running Diaspora
behind Tor since that is not a good idea in both terms of
anonymity and scalability. Diaspora already has scalability
issues, it would certainly not improve if each transaction
travels across six Tor relays. And the way each Diaspora
node has a pretty large view of the entire social graph
makes it an easy target for de-anonymization of that graph
as shown by the 2009 "De-anonymizing Social Networks" paper
I mentioned earlier. See also "Scalability & Paranoia in a
Decentralized Social Network" concerning the safety of having social data on federated servers and VPS in the clear.
Back to Ms or Mr Sharebook,
What I wrote earlier:
There is no plain text involved in the communication architecture we
are talking about. Not in ours and I hope also not in yours. So making
a reference to the dangers of using PGP is moot here. Also, being the guy who collected 15 reasons not to start using PGP I am kind of familiar
with what you say (  ).
And no, it is not unrealistic to criticize cloud architectures this way.
I have heard from several sources that the NSA does not archive P2P/file sharing interactions. Copyright infringement is even less of their concern as pedophilia. Even GCHQ's "full take" is thrown away after a
certain time. What they do is archive each and every e-mail, PGP or not,
for indefinite time - because it is so obvious to do. They may be
archiving Tor traffic for as long as it is affordable, although by the
forward secret nature of Tor it isn't even a very worthwhile exercise
even if decryption were feasible, but if we additionally teach Tor to be multicast scalable, then Tor would start homing a lot of social networking and maybe even forms of multi-recipient streaming. That drives the cost of archival pretty high, possibly out of the range
of reasonable affordability.
I think this is an advantage worth considering, whereas a cloud system
already provides for the optimal archival for later decryption.
Well, I would like to challenge the likes of Facebook, not make yet
another social network for aware minorities.
I like that you are using "our" while speaking of the secushare model,
I assume you are considering joining forces.  ;)  Since it is necessary
to take over all involved relay nodes for each distribution tree, I
think that it is a very expensive operation trying to obtain even parts
of the social graph. If you only have some parts of the tree, you should
not be able to correlate which parts belong to the same tree. Only after
you have somehow managed to obtain pieces of the social graph you can
attempt a de-anonymization according to the paper you cited - that in
our scheme means you either take over a lot of relay nodes, or - much
easier - you obtain information from the user's laptops and smartphones
as they access the social network. That unfortunately is a weak point
that all social applications on the Internet will always have - and a
much cheaper point of weakness than the threat of being able to figure
out the structure of a multicast distribution happening across the
network. Still, the paper we cited above states explicitly that the
operation of de-anonymization works best if it has access to large
social graphs. That was easy to do with Flickr vs Twitter, but it
isn't at all if all you have is unnamed nodes in unstructured pieces
of trees. That is how I conclude that the research done in that paper
is not applicable to neither of our designs - it would be applicable
only in the scenario of "let's just use Diaspora via Tor."
So, from an anonymity protection point of view it doesn't matter
if we unicast notifications or send data over ratchet multicasts -
in both cases it is much cheaper to access social data from the
end user devices. Not so in the case of Diaspora via Tor - that
is sufficiently insecure that it is probably cheaper to p0wn nodes.
Therefore it seems pretty logical to me that missing out on the
advantages of multicast is only damaging to the end goal of providing
an alternative to the current social networking services.
I'm not familiar with this incident. Do you have some info?
You said I should search for that and I did. If you are alluding
to any other research, then please bring it on.
s/concluding/colluding/ ?
I elaborated on the disadvantages, compared to a multicast architecture,
in previous mails. I would accept the cloud thing as a trade-off if our
architecture wasn't probable of functioning, but so far the research
papers suggest that scalable anonymous multicast is something humanity
should try out ASAP, to have a privacy-friendly alternative to cloud
technology in general.
Well, what's the point in assuming something that isn't true? Why
don't you state that in order to be able to provide social graph privacy you need Tor to implement "alpha mixing" or equivalent, and
assume that it will function?
We are less dependent on something like that since the multicast
system is packet-oriented, not circuit-oriented, so we only send
out complete packets, thus unshaping any traffic shaping that may
have happened on the incoming Tor circuit. There's more to be said
about multicast anonymity, but it's something worth debating on the secushare mailing lists rather than here.
I believe at the current state of Tor, that a combination of Tor
and GNUnet, by combining two different models of anonymity, ultimately achieves more anonymity. We get both onion routing *and* traffic shaping resistance. It's like using PGP within Pond, or HTTPS to an .onion.
Only if the multicast signaling were unencrypted/not anonymous, which should not be the case. Maybe you are thinking of "IP Multicast," the 1992 standard?
You mean if Alice sends the complete data events rather than
just notifications - since only that would be a fair comparison?
I haven't done the maths but it should be similar to comparing
n unicast file transfers versus a single bittorrent.
I have enough experience to not need maths for that, but I welcome
anyone to pick out suitable research papers.
Did you understand what I said when I mentioned multicast ratchets?
You maintain the advantages of distributing just one packet across
the network while at the same time having a differently encrypted
packet on each node of the tree. If I wasn't clear, please ask - not skip.
Even better if that key changes on each branch of the tree.
Not doing the multicast does not improve the anonymity a lot then,
only introduces other trade-offs.
As I said it is like having n unicast downloads vs one Bittorrent.
I don't need numbers to know, that the multicast architecture will
be more efficient in most use cases, but I am sure research has
plenty of numbers to offer. Please investigate.
We are planning to use multicast even for 1:1 conversations so that we can include a person's multiple devices if she likes and employ relay nodes for spooling if the recipient is currently offline.
Several use cases that in XMPP and SMTP are treated as complicated
special cases requiring extra protocol extensions or custom protocols
like POP or IMAP, in the PSYC/secushare architecture become natural
ways to always use the same thing: You come back online, you reconnect
your guard nodes, DHT or rendez-vous points and all the events that
you missed in the mean-time are spooled down to you. Private or
"public" messages, indistinguishibly. Whatever that device is permitted
to access and has therefore subscribed.
Whatever you mean by p2p networks is probably a simplification that
doesn't apply to the scenario I described.
As I explained, the multicast network itself does a certain amount
of spooling - and if you *really* need to recover old data, you
can still reach out for the other subscribers of each pubsub. We
also intend to use pubsubs among devices to share configuration
and serve as each other's backup. If you have a relay that is your
friend, then it can keep a copy of your backups - so whenever you
lose your smartphone you can recreate your identity and secushare
experience on a new one. No need for cloud storage for anything.
The definition of "friend" for a relay is complicated, so let's
not discuss that here.
So? If you don't have enough disk space on your device, secushare
will only offer limited functionality like real-time chat.. so what.
Your free choice.
Is social networking all about hi-res pictures and movie sharing?
I don't think it takes a gig to maintain the current dashboard,
basic social graph info and several messaging threads. If you
don't have enough space on your mobile phone, simply install
secushare also to your laptop. But seriously, how much is a
storage card for your phone? If this is going to be the next
Facebook, people will want it to work smoothly. And they will
love being able to spend hours on the social network without
needing Internet connectivity. I heard in some places on Earth
people cannot afford being online all the time. For them, this
would be great! It's like UUCP taken to how the Internet should
be today.

@_date: 2015-01-18 01:42:26
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cryptographic social networking project 
Should a way to break ciphers be developed, it is likely it will come
at an execution cost. It makes a huge difference if you have been using
PGP or TLS with off-the-mill ciphers like pidgin's, or if you have been
using forward secret ciphers. It's likely the forward secret stuff will
not be financially convenient to decrypt, at least for a while longer.
Word.  :)
Ok. This lesson is pretty important to learn. It is a big warning sign
to anyone who thinks he's solved the problem by choosing a federation
server with a .onion interface. Even worse, people that build
complicated new interserver protocols sticking to the old paradigm.
Oh no, don't tell me you are not familiar with the Bittorrent
architecture and why it has been so successful. I was trying to
make it easier to grasp since generic multicast isn't so generally
known. It goes beyond the scope of this list if I try to elaborate
why a multicast distribution tree structure is massively more
efficient than a unicast round robin (= "pressure on server").
Trees are what make it possible to have a billion people fetch
a torrent from a single uploader, or to have a billion people
hang out on Facebook. Without a distribution tree, only radio
broadcast can come close. I think I have explained multicast
in my part of the  video.
That's an otherwise totally worthwhile video with Christian explaining GNUnet,  and RMS saying very wise things.
Those nodes that are part of the distribution tree simply keep
some of the traffic they have passed on in a local cache, as much
as they like. This allows for leaf nodes to arrive late and pick up what they missed without anyone else even finding out they had
been offline. Should that cache be not enough, then the owner or
any recipient of a channel may have the history of past messages.
Depending on the purpose of the channel, this may be useful or
intentionally disabled.
Only if we intend to combine social networking with file sharing,
which - if everythings works out well - might actually happen. We
would however still make everyone quite happy should we provide the
regular Facebook/Twitter-like experience with reduced size pictures,
four lines of description and a link back into the world wild web.

@_date: 2015-01-26 19:38:20
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How to make TBB useable as "system Tor", as Tor, 
I like Patrick's initiative. Please, make it possible
to have Tor solutions that are more timely than debian
but less intrusive than TAILS (I hate when I can't have
my own unix configuration with all of my preferred apps).
Why maintain the overhead of a Tor router list etc twice?
Weren't the Isolate* directives in tor config conceived
to separate browser activity from other Tor usage? I can
imagine we should be having an /etc/tor.d build process
for the Tor configuration, allowing for apps to specify
their various needs.

@_date: 2015-05-17 08:26:08
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Protest Blocking Tor via CloudFlare 
To those who do not allow Google or Cloudflare execution of
any proprietary Javascript on their machines it makes
no difference.
I'm particularely offended by IETF.org that makes its
read-only mailing lists inaccessible to the free web...!!
Where can I complain?
The Internet is getting worse from day to day.

@_date: 2015-05-17 18:35:13
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Making a Site Available as both a Hidden Service and 
I have a feeling what people think about it isn't always in sync with
a rational/factual thinking approach. Choose which one you prefer.
You are however providing better privacy to your viewers.
So you are providing for some redundancy, that's good.. no?
Which is a bug in all browsers including Tor Browser. Onion addresses
are self-authenticating. It is completely useless to expect them to
also be X.509 compliant. In fact it is an insult to a superior
authentication system - after all .onion is more secure than HTTPS.
TLS over HS should be permitted to be utilized freely without certification.
On the other side CAs should give out certificates for .onion freely
since only the owner of the private key can make any use for it.
Such a certificate cannot be abused. It proves nothing and has zero implications. The certificate credentials could say "unknown website."
A signature from the CA means no endorsement of anything, as with
.onion that just doesn't make sense. But it's insulting to the superior
concept of public-key based routing that the certification industry is
involved in any way at all.
Sounds like a reasonable approach until the web browsers are fixed.
When running a HS you don't get *any* clue where the circuit is coming
from so the off-the-shelf protections may fail. It would be cool if
Tor was to introduce bidirectionally authenticated circuits - that
would allow for proper P2P apps over Tor - and in your case allow for
users to consciously choose pseudonimity instead of anonymity (by
storing the public key they used to access your site last time).
This allows you as the site owner to apply behavioral ranking logic
to pseudonymous users without annoying them with a registration.
Tor users may be bothered by *others* seeing their activities, not
necessarily you. They may be choosing to use the hidden service simply
to have a better guarantee they are talking to nobody but you. To be
sure no BULLRUN or other HTTPS MITM has any chance of playing out its
Also Tor users may be using more secure Internets by default or habit,
but still welcome doing business with you. I probably would.
I don't know an easy answer to this one...
Javascript isn't one of them. HS are more authentic than HTTPS or
HTTP websites. Javascript on onions is dangerous only if you are looking
for the nasty dangerous places out there, but if the onion is known to
be run by a legally sueable entity it makes sense to have a lot more
trust for Javascript that cannot be modified by men in the middle.
Yes. Facebook engineers made quite a thorough job fixing all the
internal linking up and distributing the load to a cloud of onions.
Luckily, their business model depends on you logging in, not so much
on knowing your current IP address - but I'm not saying Facebook is
any better than any other corporation fulfilling the requirements
of the free, outlawed and anti-constitutional Internet market.
By declaring yourself the owner of that .onion you already de-anonymized
yourself. Your visitors are not affected by you having two websites.
In fact you could consider removing some extra hops by using the
so-called tor2web mode.
Actually the presence of a popular hidden service may provide for
excellent cover traffic for any further hidden service. After all,
if I'm well educated, the other hidden service should be having
a completely different spot in the hashtable, completely different
rendez-vous points, completely separate circuits. The fact that it
runs the last mile together with the main hidden service only makes
it harder to detect. But maybe I'm wrong here.
Enough to only start telling a few people. Activing the HS will give
you time to get accostumed to the robots that hunt down any new
hidden service that shows up in the hashtable.
Scalability may become an issue.

@_date: 2015-05-18 20:58:33
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Making a Site Available as both a Hidden Service and 
Roger, glad to hear you agree on the role of onions.  :)
Thomas, don't forget there is the option of having non-hidden services
that link directly into the DHT rather than setting up a 3-hop circuit.
It's the so-called tor2web mode. I think we should rename this option
into something more intuitive (sorry, Fabio) and shamelessly advertize
it as "Tor Services." Maybe there are even use cases for users that don't need anonymity and
simply want Tor for the end-to-end authenticated crypto. They could
consciously want to pick single hop circuits.
grarpamp, sounds to me like it is time to fork HTTPS Everywhere and
relaunch it as "Onion Everywhere"
You mean doing MITM before the browser gets to its Tor router?
No wait, you mean browsers stupidly trying to DNS resolve .onion thus
paving the way for a MITM attack whenever Tor isn't installed?
Indeed that has to be impeded in all browser implementations.
Here's a ticket about that:
    Maybe around 2006 one of my PSYC devs started ranting that X.509 was
complete hopeless crap.. I clinged to it a few months longer, but then
in 2009 we released the first version of
But I prefer websites whose public key you can pin by bookmarking them,
instead of having to do obnoxious guesswork whether a certificate change
is possibly legitimate.
So I simply tell people, .onion is more secure than https.
And if browsers weren't stupid, you could have both.
That's why I made a proper feature request to allow for pseudonymous
Tor usage so that we can be offered an alternative to the horrid
captcha madness.
    I think it's also what is needed to do proper messaging and P2P apps
over Tor. But according to the feedback I got (thanks guys!) it turns out somehow similar features already exist or are being coded just now -
so we are just minutes away from seeing more torness-aware applications
You should dig deeper into the architecture of Tor. Tor is not
necessarily THE bottleneck but rather certain ways of using it.
I don't know how well the implementation offers a way to leverage
this, but in my theoretical understanding of the HS protocol the
Tor router in charge of the registration in the DHT could hand
out an incoming circuit to some other Tor process during the
procedure of rendez-vous. I assume Facebook has played around
with that. Cloudifying Tor in a way. Not good for secrecy, but
on the cloud.. I mean.. server side of Tor there is no very
good secrecy anyhow.
Looks like this ticket is relevant:
    Tor Browser should ship with an instance of "Onion Everywhere" so
when you type in foo.org it will automatically replace it with
I can imagine a relevant chunk of Tor audience that has a Tor router
running just to access the onions, not for anonymization of regular
web stuffs (which they still perceive as toooo sloooow...)

@_date: 2015-05-27 01:36:33
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Mailpile SMTorP [ref: nexgen P2P email] 
What a shame! Somebody please fix this node thing. I can't
believe these nodejs enthusiastos are playing around with all kinds of crypto something javascript applications but build on top of a house of cards.
I still have plenty of criticism for SMTP and the idea of
doing PGP on top of SMTP but having the server run as a
hidden service from my own laptop gives this architecture
quite a legitimacy boost.
While with a mail system like Pond the few popular servers
can be deanonymized by confirmation attack, then taken over
by authorities and subdued to send traffic shaped messages
back to the users, thus slowly deanonymizing the entire
social graph of Pond users... SMTorP appears to me to be a
better idea.
With both send and reception points on the user's laptop,
an attacker that wants to inject a traffic shape into the
Tor network needs to take over the laptop itself. From my
understanding there is no other place on the network
where that sort of attack would be successful.
If that is true, that would be a great progress. Too bad
that the old problem of both having to be online at the
same time is re-introduced. We could have started using
Retroshare over Tor two years ago to achieve the same goal.
Retroshare looks a little less fancy than Mailpile, but
it doesn't need any pip or node.
Also Framstag's sendfile SAFT implementation can be a neat
quickfix solution. The server is easily pluggable into a
hidden service and provides for mail-like spooling of messages and native binary file transfers, without all
the overhead of e-mail.

@_date: 2015-05-30 08:40:19
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [onioncat] Paper for OnionCat and Tor New Crypto 
Sorry, I only watched this presentation now.. months later.
It didn't click with me why you would do such a hack to
allocate a "next" onion if all you need is a way to upgrade
an 80 bit hash to a full public key. Well, I presume Tor
will maintain backwards compatibility with 80bit onions
anyway, so you can always just look up the 80 bit hash and
find out which key owns it. Should Tor one day indeed upgrade
its crypto it could generate 301 redirect messages from the
old .onion names to whatever comes next. Or it could pin them
in the router. I don't see the need for the procedure that
you proposed.
Also, providing a global cryptographic IPv6 address scheme
in the spirit of cjdns looks like a false problem to me.
Cryptographically authenticated IP numbers do not solve the
problem that DNS can be spoofed to return the wrong address.
Therefore if people want an address they can refer to and that
will always be valid, they can use a simulated TLD which uses
the entire public key, much like the .zkey proposal. There is
no advantage in mapping it into the IPv6 address space, losing
bits in the process.
If instead people want an address they can memorize, then they
need a new naming system that doesn't mess up security and/or
look-up privacy. What about GNS for that.
I think the cjdns/onioncat style is the wrong approach, even
if it gives everybody an excuse to check if thep rograms are indeed IPv6 compatible, and kind of has an air of a neat hack.

@_date: 2016-08-16 18:52:57
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Appelbaum Subject Of Investigative Journalism 
Still sounds a lot like JTRIG and Zersetzung to me...
Jacob Appelbaum: What Has This Man Done?
The year 2016 is only a couple of hours old when the orgy in Jacob Appelbaums apartment in a pre-World War II building in Berlins Prenzlauer Berg district really gets going.
Somebody has unfolded the sofa in the living room. Two couples are having sex at the same time in the room. Some guests had already taken synthetic party drug MDMA, which induces a state of euphoria and increases the need for emotional warmth, at another party. A third couple is going at it in the bedroom. Later, a crime allegedly took place in Mr. Appelbaums bed or on the fold-out sofa.
A couple of people in the living room are prone on the floor, all of them fully dressed. They had turned up the music so the moaning and groaning of the others doesnt bother them as much. A young journalist had made herself comfortable on a mans lap, and he is massaging her back. Sitting across from them is a young American woman. She had gotten to know the others just a couple of days before, but she appears to be uncomfortable at this party. She doesnt talk much but listens in a friendly manner to what is being said.
The host, Jake Appelbaum, is doing much of the talking at the New Years Eve party. Mr. Appelbaum is a 33-year-old American, and hes a specialist in computer security and the equivalent of a rock star in the worldwide community of hackers. His name is mentioned in the same breath as the elite of digital dissidents such as Edward Snowden and Julian Assange. For many people, such men are savior-like figures.
Mr. Appelbaums party guests number about 20 and are programmers, hackers and activists from all around the world. They are united by one mission: use encryption technologies to fight against what they see as the hated surveillance state. Mr. Appelbaum has been a guru in this Berlin community since he fled the United States in 2013. He felt he was being persecuted by the intelligence agencies.
On this night, he speaks of a trip to Iraq and also his tattoo idea: he wants the images of mathematical formulas tattooed on his body. He shows his guests a sculpture. Its a prize for investigative journalism that he won two years ago.
He had uncovered for the German magazine Der Spiegel how the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) was monitoring the German chancellors mobile phone. The journalism prize is named after German journalist Henri Nannen, whose Nazi past incenses Mr. Appelbaum.
He asks those guests gathered around him whether he should smear the sculpture with blood, perhaps the blood of a Jewish activist or perhaps his own blood. Or with menstruation blood, says the female journalist, but she isnt having her period right now. This is good for other things, Mr. Appelbaum says. A little while later, he disappears with her into the bedroom. Already there in bed is the taciturn young American woman. The three had sex together.
Mr. Appelbaums social downfall is sealed this evening and two others he spends with the American. Later, she will make serious allegations against him.
Since then, Mr. Appelbaum has been only one main thing in the publics eye: a sex offender.
Mr. Appelbaum had been involved in the Tor Project, which provides online anonymity, the most powerful weapon in the fight against secret services and government surveillance. But the digital privacy group announced in early June that Mr. Appelbaum had stepped down. Until then, he had been an important developer for Tor, and the figurehead of software that not only enables what is termed the Darknet. People worldwide put their trust in Tor technology when information must remain secret, when they fear for their lives, or when they aim to circumvent censorship. The Tor network enables protective anonymity to a wide variety of people, from Iranian dissidents to whistleblowers such as former NSA contract employee Mr. Snowden. On the internet, Tor users can communicate incognito.
Shortly after the Tor Projects announcement in June, a new website popped up: jacobappelbaum.net. The site was set up by people who see themselves as Mr. Appelbaums victims. Visitors to the website see photos of Mr. Appelbaum, one of him posing in a colorful suit as if he were the Joker in a Batman film, or other photos of him with microphone in hand giving lectures to fans. "Hey there! We're a collective of people," write the anonymous persons responsible for the website, "who have been harassed, plagiarized, humiliated, and abused  sexually, emotionally, and physically  by Jacob Appelbaum." Above almost every photo of Mr. Appelbaum on the website is an alleged victims pseudonym.
Among others, there is an account by a woman who calls herself "Forest." She tells of how she found herself forced to repulse his insistent advances. When she has assumed that everything had been cleared up in a friendly manner between them, she spent the night in Mr. Appelbaums apartment and slept next to him in bed.
Forest writes that at apparently, some point she woke up to find that Mr. Appelbaum had unzipped her pants and stuck his finger in her underwear. She wrote that she tried to wake him, but he then rolled over. When the woman angrily confronted Mr. Appelbaum about it later, she claimed he made the terse excuse that he had dreamed that his fiance was lying next to him.
Is Mr. Appelbaum a sex criminal?
Another woman who goes by the name "River" also relates an account on the website  and behind the pseudonym is the woman who had sex with the female journalist and Mr. Appelbaum at the New Years Eve gathering. The most severe accusation is made by River:
 "I didn't know until very recently that nonconsensual sex, by a friend, is rape."
Is Mr. Appelbaum a sex criminal? The legal term for what he allegedly did with the person calling herself River is "sexual abuse of people incapable of resistance." That crime is punished the same way as rape. In Germany, according to section 179 of the German Criminal code, the punishment is imprisonment for between two and fifteen years. In addition, a foreigner could lose his residency permit with a prison sentence exceeding three years. Mr. Appelbaum vehemently denies Rivers accusations.
In order to understand what really might have happened, its important to consider the details, and to match the names the actors gave themselves with their real names. Its important not just to reconstruct the three days that followed New Years Eve when River was at home with Appelbaum. It also matters to recount what happened on the days running up to that. As well as the events that were triggered by Appelbaums resignation.
Not all of the accounts on the collectives website are of substantial legal significance.
A woman calling herself "Sam" relates the following: She had a minor romantic interest in Mr. Appelbaum and visited him once at home. She writes that he was lying naked in the bathtub and "kind of pulled" her into the tub. He then started to wash her after she had "repeatedly told him no." Other people report on the website that Mr. Appelbaum kissed them on the mouth with no invitation. Once he supposedly gave a friend a "really aggressive shoulder massage with no invitation." The website lists many minor transgressions, including Mr. Appelbaums alleged verbal crudeness and stupid dirty jokes, but they also happen to harbor a suggestion of a serious crime.
There has been a resounding impact: After Mr. Appelbaum left the Tor Project, other organizations also declared him persona non grata. The renowned Freedom of the Press Foundation abandoned him, the hacker group Cult of the Dead Cow kicked him out, and the hacker space Noisebridge, which he helped found in San Francisco, imposed a ban on him. Unknown persons spray-painted "A rapist lives here" in both English and German on the walls of the apartment building where he lives, with an arrow pointing to what appeared to be the windows of his apartment.
But other people see Mr. Appelbaum as the real victim. The victim of vindictive radical feminists who, in a frenzy of political correctness, blow up every minor faux pas into a crime and who  disregarding assumptions of innocence  operate a website to shame and pillory him.
Amazingly enough, neither side shows much interested in this: Which of the accusations on the website can be proved? Which details are true and which are not? Is Mr. Appelbaum in fact a rapist? Was River really unconscious?
In a way, the Appelbaum case resembles the Tor Project.
"Tor" is derived from an acronym for the original software projects name: The Onion Router. The name was meant to describe how the technology uses a number of onion-like layers around the data stream, each layer individually and differently encrypted. So that in the end, no one knows who is sending the data and who is receiving it, not even the NSA.
And just like the layers of this encryption onion skins are difficult to separate from one another, so too the facets of the case involving Mr. Appelbaum, as it appears after lengthy research.
For behind the accusations is not one story but many at the same time. The first is about a campaign by a group of activists against their former heroes.
The other stories involve a tight-knit conspiratorial community in which you can meet people who live differently, more to the extreme, perhaps with more sophistication. You can learn about group sex and polyamorous, transgender and queer hackers. Of people who not only hate the surveillance state but every system of order. Of libertarian activists and people who have tried every form of sexual intimacy.
The alleged freedom of modern, uninhibited, emancipated, amorous liaisons comes hand-in-hand with betrayal, melancholy, power games and astonishingly emotional callousness.
Lets start with what happened on December 26, the evening before the Chaos Communication Congress in Hamburg. The congress, as everybody calls it, is the worlds most important meeting of the hacker community. This is where hackers come, not only listen to lectures, but also celebrate the end of the year with alcohol, drugs and sex, among other things.
On the evening before the congress, Mr. Appelbaum was sitting with others in the lobby of the Radisson Hotel, located directly next to the congress site. Mr. Appelbaum was supposedly stone-drunk. He ordered 10 or 12 or maybe more Aperol Spritzes in the restaurant and at the bar.
In the hotel lobby, two scenes took place. Collectively, they show how unreliable people can be in perceiving and recounting what Mr. Appelbaum did. And they also show that he is an impulsive person, a man driven, vulgar, arrogant, condescending and encroaching.
People in the movement describe him as someone who likes to experiment with sex. As one who usually gets what he wants. "Ive also seen him be inconsiderate of other peoples feelings," said one person who knows him well, "or be overly persistent about asking for permission to do things other people didnt want to do." But, he added, Mr. Appelbaum asks for permission.
Others report he behaved respectfully toward them. Perhaps the legal clarity with which sexual matters are regulated in the community quickly turns the wish for express consent into rudeness when someone like Mr. Appelbaum is insistently talking others into something. And perhaps its Mr. Appelbaums ambiguous reputation, in combination with all manner of failings, that make it easy for many people to believe the accusations of rape when they emerged in June.
One of the many women that Mr. Appelbaum had sex with in varying constellations was a young Russian activist who traveled to Hamburg for the congress. The two had a drink together in the lobby. At some point, the two stood outside of the bathrooms. Mr. Appelbaum kissed the woman so hard that her lip bled.
In the lobby, another of Mr. Appelbaums girlfriends, a student from Germany, was waiting at the bar. She wasnt feeling so well. She sat on Mr. Appelbaums lap. The two kissed and fondled each other. At some point, the student noticed she had lost her handbag and looked anxiously around the lobby. When she said goodbye to Mr. Appelbaum later, she pushed him away in fun. A man approached and asked the student whether Appelbaum was harassing her.
No, said the student. Nevertheless, the man shoves his way between her and Mr. Appelbaum, and the man tried to head him off.
Six months later, Mr. Appelbaum is considered a rapist by some. Three eyewitnesses who were in the lobby gave interviews to Gizmodo, the U.S.-based techblog. Among the three was the man who distracted Mr. Appelbaum. He recounted: "Jake has his hands all over this girl, and she is very obviously not very happy. You know, shes looking for her bag, theyre having a conversation and shes looking for her bag she cant find her bag and she appears to be really quite distressed and Appelbaum forcibly attempts to try and kiss her, grabs her arm and her backside and makes a move for her breasts."
The student set the record straight in a statement. "Reading this highly distorted version of my experience ... I cant help but wonder," she wrote.
The organizers of the jacobappelbaum.net website committed the same mistake. An earlier version included the case of "Alice." The text was posted only for a short time. Although the time and location had been changed, her story fits precisely with the events at the congress. Mr. Appelbaum kissed Alice so violently that her lips bled.
But when Mr. Appelbaums actual Russian girlfriend discovered the text on the web, she was shocked. She demanded those responsible for the website to remove it from the internet immediately. She says she doesnt want to be used by a campaign that she rejects. "I am not a victim of Jake," she told Die Zeit. She says she told a friend about the intense kiss in confidence. This story was not merely used on the website without her permission  she says the story was also "heavily manipulated."
No complaint has been lodged against Mr. Appelbaum within WikiLeaks
Barely 14 days after the website went live, two women posted blog entries and admitted to being the people identified as Sam and Forest.
A Tor programmer with the pseudonym Isis Agora Lovecruft admitted to being Forest (the one into whose underwear Mr. Appelbaum supposedly slipped his finger) and identified herself as a young American living in Berlin. Ms. Lovecruft is not a computer scientist. She studied physics and literature, and her majors were High-Energy Physics and Feminist Critical Theory.
Sam is also an American whose real name is Alison Macrina, head of a project that aims to make libraries accessible with Tor. (She is the woman in the bathtub episode.)
Theres a lot that suggests it was these two who set year. She is also the girlfriend that the Russian activist confided in about her bloody lip.
Its possible that what Ms. Lovecruft and Ms. Macrina described under the Forest and Sam pseudonyms happened that way.
Friends of Mr. Appelbaum, however, accuse the two of having left out key details. Such as Sam ending her account with her reportedly leaping out of the bathtub and crying. In reality, apparently, the evening ended otherwise. After talking things over for a long time, she supposedly had consensual sex with Mr. Appelbaum. Ms. Macrina reacted angrily when asked about it. Its "shameful and prurient" to even be asked about that at all, she said. "Finally, as a general principle, it is not okay to hold up other sexual encounters to assault victims as a way of suggesting that their assault is invalid."
Since the talk was no longer just about anonymous accusations, the Chaos Computer Club, which carries a lot of weight in the international hacker community, also distanced itself from Mr. Appelbaum after a fierce internal squabble. "Yes, of course this means Jacob Appelbaum  is not welcome," CCC said in a Twitter message June 17.
With that, all the significant institutions have ousted him  aside from a very few exceptions like WikiLeaks, with which he has occasionally worked. Its most prominent representative, Mr. Assange, is stuck in the Ecuadorian embassy in London as he seeks refuge from rape allegations. When asked about Mr. Appelbaum, the people at WikiLeaks replied from London: "No complaint has been lodged against Mr. Appelbaum within WikiLeaks. On the accusations appearing on the internet, we asked our female staff, lawyers and other women we are closely working with whether they had any experience of sexual violence in relation to Mr. Appelbaum or wished to make a complaint. They did not."
Meanwhile, a major shuffling of employees is taking place at the Tor Project. The whole supervisory board was to be replaced July 13. The network also is losing Tor veteran Lucky Green, a longtime supporter who no longer wants to be part of the way Mr. Appelbaum is being treated. The expert was responsible for the so-called Bridge Authority, a technical tool with which people in countries like China are able to gain access to Tor despite internet censorship. Tor is now building up a new Bridge Authority. The person responsible for the project is Ms. Lovecruft, alias Forest.
Ms. Macrina, alias Sam, was assigned the leadership of the Community Teams after the accusations had become known at Tor. She had also been on the Community Council since the end of 2015. Both committees are also responsible for dealing with sexual harassment among staff members. Ms. Macrina is said to have been deeply involved in the internal investigation against Mr. Appelbaum. Ms. Macrina has suddenly been listed on the Tor website as one of the Tor Projects core people. In March, Mr. Appelbaums name was still listed in that position.
So what the person identified as River had wished for in her allegation on the anti-Appelbaum website has come true: "I am grateful to the people who have fought to do the right thing once they learned of Jacob's actions. I have seen how many people in this community are incredibly noble and compassionate. (....) It is these people, not people like Jacob, that should be the leaders of our community."
Ms. Macrina added that she has "never held any position that Jake held, nor have I taken over any of his responsibilities." She says the fact that she now holds more responsibility at Tor is a result of her "demonstrated commitment to the organization over time." In no way does she correlate that to events having to do with Mr. Appelbaum.
Mr. Appelbaum was always a controversial figure within the Tor Project. He hardly programmed and was more responsible for the outward image  he stood on stages, got the applause. Others were quietly doing the work, inside sources say. Mr. Appelbaum was at times being given an annual salary at Tor of close to $100,000, while a freelance programmer like Ms. Loy, no criminal investigator nor public prosecutor is conducting an investigation against him. There are only anonymous allegations on the Internet. Why have the victims not called the authorities? Why havent Ms. Lovecruft and Ms. Macrina filed a complaint against the alleged perpetrator? Do they think nothing of our constitutional state and the rule of law?
This system, Ms. Macrina wrote in one of her blog posts, "ignores the violence that the system perpetuates against both accuser and accused." Ms. Lovecruft describes herself as an "anarchist," like many in the community. She writes in her blog that she wishes Mr. Appelbaum would go into exile, in Alaska or Siberia. "I dont want Jakes money," she told Die Zeit, "I dont want him in jail. I dont want to deal with the legal system at all. I only want Jakes abusive behavior to stop."
Anarchists, who hate the state, take charges of rape into their own hands. And where normally there would be a court case, only rumors now prevail. It is also inexplicable why Mr. Appelbaum, who according to his own account is the victim of false accusations, doesnt go to the police.
River was new to the scene. She had known Mr. Appelbaum and the others only for a couple of days, from the congress. Didnt she know what she was getting herself into? Guests say Mr. Appelbaum made it explicitly clear that there would be a "sexy time party" at his place. An eyewitness claims to have seen how River had MDMA in her hands on New Years Eve. Mr. Appelbaum was also under the influence of drugs that night. The female journalist who left the apartment on New Years morning around 10 to go to the airport assures that River made a comparatively sober impression and was at no time unconscious in the night or in the morning. Everything that happened between the three, she says, happened with mutual consent.
It wasnt until around 5 in the afternoon of January 1 that the rest of Mr. Appelbaums guests, who hadnt made it home, woke up. River was one of them. Those who encountered her that day remember a very quiet, friendly and balanced person. One person, who was afraid he had given away too many intimate details about his life New Years night, says River comforted him. In the early evening, he, along with River, Mr. Appelbaum and couple of friends, drove to the Vabali Spa in Berlin, near the main train station.
Similar to the case of the Russian, Rivers story also conflates diverse evenings, situations, and people in the Alice account. Events have flowed in that must have taken place after returning from the spa and on the evening of January 2. River maintains they were all watching a movie and lying on the couch, and while they were, she had supposedly been touched her against her will. On one evening, River and Mr. Appelbaum actually watch the Gaspar No film "Love" together with friends; on the other evening the U.S. espionage series "The Americans." Die Zeit was able to speak with three of the five guests who were present. One remembers that River actually could have said on the couch, "Not in front of everyone." But it was meant in a playful way and nothing more happened after that. No person there on that evening says they watched Mr. Appelbaum and River having sex. One of those present only remembers that somebody murmured "Can I join in?" when River and Mr. Appelbaum were cuddling naked under a blanket. Tor terminated working with two of those present in July; they were accused of "inappropriate behavior."
Several of Mr. Appelbaums friends say they had asked River themselves whether she was okay, one even waited for an undisturbed moment when Mr. Appelbaum had left the room to do it. Each time she answered yes. Also there seems to have been no drugs consumed, and hardly any alcohol, after the excesses of New Years Eve. At most a joint. Not one of the total of eight witnesses present during those three nights and two days in January remember River ever being unconscious. Also, no one says they saw her being forced to have sex against her will. River wrongly accused of something. Tor insiders report that projects have bogged down. Mutual trust, a key resource of activists, is destroyed.
"Guaranteed, the champagne corks are popping at the NSA," said a Tor staff member. "For months, Tor has been preoccupied with itself. Right now were destroying each other, even though were all fighting for the same thing."
Maybe something was already destroyed. Many in the community speak of the noble ideals they represent  freedom, equality, consensus. The crypto community is preserving the slogans of the hippies and the 1968 generation, expanded by mathematical formulas and programming languages. But just as once in the leftist communes, an ice-cold desire for power is also flaring up today behind the big words.
When it comes to sex, power and drama, the hacker community resembles a hormone-loaded American college fraternity. Except that here paranoia has long been running rampant. Members sleep with one another and think each other is capable of all manner of evil. There is no end to tales about who has already once accused whom of secretly working for the hated government. Even the most secure encryption cant save the revolution from eating its own children.
After long talks in a hotel and over encrypted chat programs, Mr. Appelbaum sent his statement. He said he "failed as a leader in the Tor community, failing to create positive structural changes" that could have prevented sexism. He says he made many mistakes and hurt people, and he takes the responsibility for that.
"I have violated peoples expectations of privacy, I have made jokes in poor taste and I have used explicit language at inappropriate times," he said. But Rivers story is "fiction."
Many others interviewed for this article, both friends and opponents of Mr. Appelbaum, didnt want to be quoted. Out of fear of reprisals, both sides say.

@_date: 2016-08-20 08:51:52
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bitmessage still alive? 
In the current situation I'd love to have some more empirical
data to put the metadata-protective systems in comparison to
each other, but there are too many unclear variables. How do
freemail and I2P-Bote compare? Are Tor's Pond and Ricochet
unaffected by the fingerprinting weakness and the architectural
dependency on a circle of friends deciding who is running trustworthy nodes? I have no clear information that can help to
say that Bitmessage is less suitable than any of the above. A
subobtimal choice of crypto and an unproven strategy for anonymity
is not enough to say it is worse than other tools.

@_date: 2016-08-26 13:25:58
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] My absence from the mailing lists... 
I still don't understand why you guys hang out on a public surveilled
IRC network where each line you type goes straight into XKEYSCORE.

@_date: 2016-08-28 15:58:44
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] My absence from the mailing lists... 
Not can. Not look. Just store, forever.
Of course also the mailing list, but a mailing list isn't a place
where you smalltalk, speak about food, world view, relationships
and where to go out tonight. Even if you use side channels or /msg,
it all ends up in the big tank unless you employ plenty of OTR.
OTOH I understand that Torproject has no perspective of anything
being private any longer, so Andreas has a point. Torproject is a
target, not a victim of bulk surveillance.

@_date: 2016-07-01 14:02:18
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Design of next-generation Tor systems 
Just thought.. strange.. Aymeric never bails out of a discussion,
and guess what, I overlooked his reply! Here we go.
Interesting, I think gnunet does it differently.. there's some game
theory in there. But that's outside my competence scope.
You are alluding to bittorrent's 200 M peers, right? Well, those are
on clearnet, correct? We can expect that Tor would not be able to
scale to handle them all, it can only help some freeloaders cover
their identity. gnunet-fs has not seen much popularity but it has
been tested in simulations on university supercomputers with some
million virtual users.
You are announcing a bigger scandal than the unwillingness of WebRTC
developers to close their deanonymization loophole? Well, let me
know when "More to come" is replaced.
But then you are not using potential synergy of multicast and onion
routing. If thousands of people are participating in a distribution
tree, is it really necessary to have full-fledged OR between each distribution point? I think the anonymous multicast papers have
figured out more efficient ways.

@_date: 2016-07-08 21:07:29
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] These Maps Show What the Dark Web Looks Like 
Indeed insisting on the client/server model is not helpful.
ZeroNet is a bit late in that game since distributed websites
go back to Freenet or so... that's why I would like to know
which distributed web hosting method makes sense to promote?
ZeroNet relies on the flaky bittorrent DHT, the ecologically
questionable proof-of-work approach of namecoin and bitcoin
and buys into the problem of oligarchic dominance of the
bitcoin blockchain, so that would probably be the last of these
technologies I would opt for.
What else is around?

@_date: 2016-07-08 21:14:55
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] These Maps Show What the Dark Web Looks Like 
like torrents aren't censorable.
it's good to have an opinion.

@_date: 2016-07-19 12:24:16
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cloudflare reCAPTCHA De-anonymizes Tor Users 
Terrific information. I am informing the Italian community
about this development:
and placing a plug for yawning's cfc add-on to protect Tor
users from Cloudflare abuse. That add-on actually needs a
bit more love as it currently breaks sites that do not use
Cloudflare directly but only include an image or such.
Also, Torbrowser should ship with it directly.

@_date: 2016-06-05 17:03:45
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] http://jacobappelbaum.net/ 
Woah, looks like some people took those JTRIG slides quite literally.
The problem with (in)justice in open activist communities is
that, even should the facts be clear, those facts affect
private details of life of either contendants or third parties,
which makes it inacceptable to disclose in public.
NGOs solve this by having some leadership figure that takes
some measures in a benevolent dictator manner and if you don't
like the resolution, you just find a different NGO to join.
Some other groups simply do nothing which is also unsatisfac-
tory, since once the strategically oriented people have noted
that harming others will go unpunished, they will start doing
it more frequently and the entire cohesion of the group is
drowned in frustration and paranoia.
The only solution that I find more or less acceptable to this
dilemma is how political parties do it. A previously elected
court of arbitration is entitled to hear all sides of the
dispute, including the intimate things they are not allowed
to disclose, and as they conclude who was right and who may
be to be sanctioned, the rest of the activists are supposed
to shut up the gossip, stop the quick and easy judgements
which are 50% likely to be wrong and trust the court.
Unfortunately even young political parties do not understand
this and have a tendency to do the shitstorm dance, which is
the fastest way to implosion of the political group. A good
example is what happened to Julia Schramm who did everything
right, yet 50% of pirate party members think she did something
And the best way to get rid of an important political activist
is to attack them on whatever real or ficticious grounds. The
doubt will persist. Some shit will always stick. A classic
strategy for a political takeover of a group is two-headed:
One is the leadership figure who works hard to get on top of
the de-facto hierarchy while their right-hand wing-person has
the job of throwing themselves at any potential opponent.
Ironically the leader will then find ways to recover their
wing-person, just think of the Kohl/Sch?uble team, so it isn't
even bad for person In the past six years I've seen some pigs fly and my conclusion
is that for a solid activist group to survive threats of take-
over or Zersetzung it takes a solid architecture of separation
of powers and a solid discipline to trust the justice system
rather than your own guaranteed-to-be-incomplete view of the
I have no idea if my scenario has anything to do with the
case at hand since I am disconnected from it, that's why I thought I may share some things learned from previous
activism in a generic philosophical way.
If you want to solve this dispute in a fair and reasonable
way for all, "elect" three unrelated people to be the jury,
have all affected persons tell their story to them in
person, Tox or PGP - then express a verdict and respect it.
Public KKK-style trial is certainly not the appropriate way.
In fact it is quite disgusting.

@_date: 2016-06-06 10:39:50
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Manipulation is a bitch and you're all pawns 
Haha.. see, you're showing a great example of how shit sticks even
if that young lady just wanted to the best she could. And you call
her a politician just because an assembly wanted her to take
responsibility for the directorate and she thought she could do
her best. Let me debug that news item:
Yes, she possibly fell prey to a Trojan horse. She was 26 years
old, how can you be so wise to refuse a good deal? I mean, it was indeed a *good* deal, because she had them accept all the
"pirate" preconditions like refusing DRM and allowing people to share the PDF among each other for free. So it wasn't so much
for the money - the publishing conditions were her actual achieve-
ment, getting the publisher to do it by the standards of the
pirate copyright reform initiative.
The "book pirates" probably were journalists that uploaded the
book to Dropbox, thus breaking the "exchange among friends" rule
that Schramm and the publisher agreed upon, and de-facto
*republishing* the book to anyone who get that link. That of
course is illegal even by the standards of the Piratenpartei
copyright reforms. Julia didn't do a single thing, it was the
publisher who with all legitimacy asked dropbox to take down
that illegal copy. Torrentfreak republished BS from the Twitter
shitstorms that, as the name implies, were major bullshitstorms.
By the way, the book is said to be rather mediocre. It's not like she sold the copyright to some pirate manifesto. Media attention
was solely about the "hack" of posting it to dropbox and making
a story about it.
I don't know where they got this from, but this is an inaccurate
simplification. You can interpret it as a complete abolition
of copyright which is a breach of the human rights charters.
The right to earn from your artistic work isn't among the highest
ranking (I think it's human right  or something like that) and
should always be second to the Secrecy Of Corresponence.
You can also interpret it as the need to regulate the limits of
commercial and non-commercial use which indeed are very much to the
disadvantage of non-commercial use currently. Still this book was
clearly of little relevance regarding "information, knowledge and culture" and therefore by allowing buyers to do all of "noncommercial copying, publishing, storage and use" *with their friends* Julia
already obtained a lot more, than your average book author ever
negotiates out of a publishing house.
So a successful achievement to have a publishing house publish
a book by pirate principles was turned around by the media to
look like treason, and even the pirates fell for it.
Manipulation is a bitch. And you're all pawns.
All of you who read the manipulatory bullshit first, then act
as spare time judges in place of a real justice system.
I didn't read the website that was featured in the subject line
of this thread. One, because I want to hear it from judges, not
from manipulators, and two, because I certainly won't allow
bullshitstormer manipulators to execute Javascript code on my
So much for journalistic independence. Can't even refrain from
commenting their wrong information. What about giving Julia a
phone call before making yourself a tool for multiplication of
false information?
My personal suspicion is that this whole uploading to Dropbox
trick, maybe even the surprisingly good conditions of the publishing contract, were a set-up by some spin doctor
thinktank that wanted to get rid of the "pirate problem".
I mean.. spin doctors.. that's they're business.
And it was so frustrating to see how the majority of party
members were too lazy to figure out the truth.
Twitter sheeple.

@_date: 2016-06-06 17:40:01
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Any updates from Tor Project on ioerror? 
I'm a defender of democracy and justice..
I don't, so you must be talking about somebody else.
Unfortunately humanity hasn't figured out a better justice
system than the one that comes with democracy. So I'm speaking
up exactly because these are the moments that show how chaos
and structurelessness (cit. Jo Freeman) do not lead anywhere.
Or rather, they're making us pawns in somebody else's game.
Yes, it is a problem that victims frequently aren't successful in
court, but trying out public defamation instead makes it worse: if
they can't prove what they said before a judge, they stand a good
chance of getting convicted for public defamation.
That's why I suggested we should have our own court of arbitration
within the hacktivist community. A group of people that everyone
including the accused can agree upon to know those details that
the public must not know and to speak a verdict for the purposes
of the hacktivist community - to recommend a way how to handle the
case and the people involved.
The regular justice system cannot come up with recommendations,
it can only act on hard evidence, which is the intrinsic problem
Also, such an approach is the only one I can think of that would
make our movement immune to JTRIG-style manipulation. If everyone
agreed to shut up until a court of trustworthy people we ourselves
selected produces their recommendation, there would be no shitstorms
that take the shit to the media, no flamewars that ignite life long
relationships of hatred - all based on prejudice and digital
misunderstanding (as in "if your opinion isn't as radical as mine
you must be a creep yourself!").
I've been on the Internet for over two decades now, managing digital
communities from MUDs over open-source to commercial projects up to
political parties.. and I just keep seeing the same mistakes
repeated over and over again.
Well, that's quite a stretch. You can't expect the justice system
to work as well when it isn't figuring out trouble among regular
citizen but rather dealing with the wrong-doing of its commanders
in chief.
You must be having evidence that I do not have to be so sure.
Here I am, speaking for the silent majority - if that was your allusion.
The silent majority would love to not see neither sexual misconduct
nor public defamation. They would love for a court to take care of
justice and them not having needed to know about anything of this.
Just guessing. You pulled a Nixon, and I jumped on it.

@_date: 2016-06-06 21:41:45
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Any updates from Tor Project on ioerror? 
I sincerily hope Nick was acting out of a false understanding of
Freedom of Expression as is popular and frequent on the Internet,
but defending and supporting people that were planning to execute
an act of defamation sounds like an illegal action to me - unless
those people were to tell the truth and can prove it in court.
This false understanding of Freedom of Expression has been bugging
me recently. I found several documents that illustrate well why
it is a fallacy. Interestingly they are mostly written by victims
of harrassment:
And regarding the structurelessness of the hacktivist community:

@_date: 2016-06-07 15:40:37
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Which reputable webmail providers function well with 
I don't understand why people still use mail services under
Patriot Act.. er.. I mean Freedom Act jurisdiction? It's
like searching with DuckDuckGo.. even if the majority of
employees is sooo convinced that they are not collaborating
with authorities, the law says they are.
Laws are one of the few things on earth that still tell the
truth. Once you read them, you understand why the earth is shite.
The fact, only a minority does, allows general population (and
the media by reflection) to think of reality as something else
than what it is.

@_date: 2016-06-08 07:39:15
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Which reputable webmail providers function well with 
One thing is the dragnet mass surveillance that feeds into XKEYSCORE
for free. Hosting your mail at riseup or gmail means the contents or
the fact you've been using crypto with somebody will get indexed for
later use anytime in your life.
The other thing is targeted interception of GSM traffic near the
chancellor's office from the top of the US embassy building. We know
that the 5 eyes can probably work themselves into most of the e-mail
systems on earth, but at least it is an active act of intrusion -
not provided by free by a regional law.
If two people have their accounts with a well chosen provider outside the US, there is a vague possibility they can exchange messages that
do not end up in XKEYSCORE. Even if they end up in somebody else's
dragnet, then at least they're distributed better.
My general rule is we should all stop using SMTP, so I don't make
recommendations on any specific offerings. I have my own server with
my little collective, and that is a pain as well, because in this
unfree Internet running your own server means getting bullied by the
cloud servers for being a potential spammer or malware host.
A SMTorP node based in Italy? Yeah, that should work. Raiding a home
to break a Tor server offering isn't something that happens easily
in Italy. Does it gateway to regular SMTP? In any case, even if not
perfect, it doesn't take much to be less at mercy of the 5 eyes
minority interests than by having an account at riseup, hotmail or gmail.

@_date: 2016-06-08 08:03:10
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] RIP Tor 
1. People are lazy. It is more fun to have an opinion than to research.
2. People who doubt Tor typically do not have the competence to read the code.
3. Such people would have to trust experts (or even "friends") to
   understand the code and be scientific about their judgement.
   But frequently such people also do not believe in trusting other people
   so they probably also do not believe in science (chemtrails! vaccines!)
   nor in the importance of the separation of powers in democracy, just
   because breaches cannot be eliminated entirely. These are all concepts
   that depend on you not expecting the world to be conspired against you.
Apparently the number of people living without anything they trust is increasing. It is said to be correlated with the quality of education.
They typically resort to trusting their gut feelings, which is ironically just what potential mind controllers would want. After all gut feelings are nothing but the expression of thoughts and fears that have been instilled into you in your infancy. So if your programming is good and you refuse to live your life on a fact-oriented basis, you will not even have the tools to debug the programming you received. You'll think you're
a rebel for distrusting everyone, but you'll be the most sheeple of all.
Wagenhofer's "Alphabet" documentary is said to go in a similar direction
of analysis. Haven't seen it yet.

@_date: 2016-06-08 08:28:23
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / 
Facebook? Ouch.
To come forward where to? If there is a legitimate internal committee
to turn to, that is good.
So what have you done. Have you elected a court of arbitration?
It is *not* safe for either victims nor suspects of crime to
go public in front of the entire Internet, and just declaring
the Internet an "environment where people feel safe" doesn't
make it so. So where is that environment?
See my previous post on the false understanding of freedom of
expression. It is completely false to apply in this case.
That is a fair way to think, but has proven to be socially and
legally wrong. You don't produce justice by fostering more crime.
No, that is a different form of abuse. If you handle things like
this, then there is no way to distinguish a true cry for justice
from an actual smear campaign. You are playing by the rules of
JTRIG. You are enabling manipulation.
The problem is, if the victims have committed crimes themselves
by making their stories public, then going before a judge may
backfire on them. Not just fake victims, also real victims.
They may get prosecuted for defamation on top of having suffered
a crime. We know that the justice system may not be able to
punish even a true offender if no legal proof can be produced.
So if you want victims to feel safe to talk to the authorities,
you must keep them from committing a counter-crime.
Yeah yeah, we all think we are "the good" and our community isn't
as bad as other Internet communities. Truth is, these problems are
systemic and apply to all digital communities since decades. If
you don't provide for justice, then injustice will happen, and
you will never know for sure if you punished the culprit or the
That's why I am in favor of pre-emptive management of social
issues (aka "vibes watching") and a more fine-grained justice
system internal to the hacktivist movement. A court made of
people we trust that victims can turn to safely, without engaging in further crimes, yet enabling that court to take measures to protect future people from becoming victims.
If you don't do it through such a court, you end up enabling and even legitimizing a lynch mob. That may not be as bad as
the purported crimes, or maybe it actually is, since it becomes
impossible to figure out the truth, so as a side effect the
entire community reaches a condition ideal for manipulation:
Anyone can be character-assassinated anytime.
I know everyone including the CULT of COW is operating in
their best intentions, but you also know the way to hell.

@_date: 2016-06-08 17:32:31
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / 
If that paragraph was unclear, please ask a question.
No, I was talking of the other scenario several threads are about.
I remember an instance when somebody at all costs wanted to give my
words a completely bogus interpretation and flame me to death for it.
Since I learned from the past that engaging in a discussion on a mailing
list would inevitably lead to a major flame war, since that person's
emotional writing was clearly beyond rationality, I tried to clear up
the misunderstandings by one-to-one mail - just like the sociological
handbooks suggest. Curiously, the person refused to answer, so apparently
the good intentions were lacking. Since that community, like most online
communities, had no justice system, I had to leave it at that.. allowing
that confused person to damage my public reputation out of some confused
mood. I don't even believe they are ridden by bad intentions. I left it
at that, although I felt I had been treated injustly.
On a later occasion I met the person and was confronted with even more
refusal to engage in the clearing up of the situation. They had decided
all by themselves that I am not a human being worthy of a decent exchange
of words. That was a harsh insult to take in. Somebody essentially denying
me my right to exist, to be part of our common fight. I probably got
loud and didn't show the best me that I want to be, but refusing to
clear up trouble isn't a basis on which two people can continue to co-exist in a community project they both care about. That person had
unilaterally decided to expel me from the project as good as they could.
And the whole thing was absurdly unnecessary, since we have the same aims
and I simply am not who they need to believe me to be. It is so much more
practical to think that being in a community takes zero obligation to
try and be peaceful with others, than to look at their own mistakes. And
so that community, like many others, is poisoned, as we have seen also on
other occasions.
Well, apparently that person wants these things not to happen by design,
as they aren't pleasant for anyone in such a constellation. Having
experienced various roles in troubled situations increases the competence
for working out solutions, no? Are you sure that person isn't just hurt
by your actions?
Currently most online communities take suffering in until it is
impossible to continue, then expel some people on some grounds, and
then the process starts anew.
I think we would be much better off with a de-escalation practice that
allows people to learn from their mistakes and makes them better people.
Interestingly I found tons of literature on this subject, but hardly any
Internet community, that actually practices it. On this entire topic I
took a serious amount of time to write  which unfortunately is available only in Italian and German, but the list
of English-written references is useful all by itself.
Some trolls just want attention, and by being taught how to behave better
they actually also achieve getting the attention they might actually
deserve. But a decent justice system is pivotal to achieve such aim -
well-intended words and codes of conduct never work if they aren't
enforced, because even the best-intended people will sometimes use the
wrong wordings in what they write - it is a systemic defect of written
communication and sociological research describing this problem, the lack
of cues in human interaction, goes back to the early 1980s.
In other words, the main problem is the medium, not the people. Some people
may indeed be trying to hurt or damage a process for their own political
interests, and they need to be recognized and treated separately from those
who just find it hard to interact socially over a wire. An early approach
of vibes watching and occasional moderation can integrate the second kind
better, without hurt feelings, and expose the first kind early enough to
keep them from achieving damage. So you need the vibes watchers, officially
in charge to moderate (everyone moderating everybody else has proven to not
work - that is also discussed in convivenza) and a court of appeals in case
a moderator punishes the wrong person or the community elected a wrong person into the role of moderator.
Oh wow, I didn't know It totally fits what I just described. I presume this popular culture
terminus arises exactly from the problem of how a person cannot pursue social justice on their own terms if the community hasn't given them an
explicit mandate and, in the case of digital mediums, the means to execute
factual moderation. If nobody made you have this role, you will be subject
to being ridiculed by the trolls and ultimately produce more damage than
the troll originally did. This is something I discuss in convivenza. I
should add this link.   :)
Even if the target is strong enough, the constellation will still cause
damage I believe.
That is a possible way a vibes watcher could go about it, but I would
rather intercept any aggressive postings to appear in the original form,
but rather send them back to the writer asking to clear up some aspects
that may be misunderstandable or in plain disregard of the code of conduct.
In the scenario I described earlier either I should have received a mail,
explaining how my mail had a potential of being misunderstood and needed
rephrasing, or the reply that attacked me as a reasonable human being shouldn't have seen the light.
Unfortunately the work of vibes watching moderators is frequently confused
with censorship, but that goes back to the fallacious understanding of
freedom of expression that I mentioned in previous postings and which is
also addressed in convivenza.
Just a few mails ago I listed a bunch of links that elaborate how the
"Don't Feed The Troll" maxime is fundamentally flawed and punishes the
victims while letting the troll achieve their political aims.
That is natural, and it is sociologically a losing game. Systems need to
be designed around humans *as they are*, not try to change the behaviour
of all involved humans, then find out it doesn't work. One of the reasons
why democracy kind of works is because it doesn't expect humans to be any
less egoistic than they by nature are. Communism, anarchism and especially
anarcho-capitalism are prone to that fallacy, if I understood them well.
It is also proven that your community will suffer damage because third
parties watching the litigation will quietly turn away. You will lose
Especially if those people will then try to clear up any potential
misunderstandings, or take consequences if a "crime" has indeed taken
place. Thus acting as a court of arbitration. If all parties are well-
intended, the chance of negotiating a form of peace exists. Too rarely this path is pursued. In the case of a person with a tendency of over-
stepping boundaries you achieve much more in teaching them to not do so
if you work with them quietly but with the necessary authority, rather
than to shame them in public and ruin their potential as an otherwise
constructive contributor. Plus igniting a war.
If a community is so cool that it gets big, then it refuses to provide
a system of justice, then it will slowly degenerate into a sucky
community. I guess this is what the originator of the "Tor RIP" thread
is afraid of. The wider Tor community will get shitty if it doesn't introduce justice, and, possibly, democracy. And it will be subject to
whatever outside forces like JTRIG want to do to it.

@_date: 2016-06-09 12:23:52
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / 
Er, that's not exactly what I meant. Just because you "define" it to not
be shaming doesn't mean you can't keep the person you are "naming" from
feeling shamed and therefore, like most adults, go into defense and fire
back mode rather than accepting criticism.
I was suggesting to interact in private, work out the contents of the
posting together. Certainly complicated by mail, but it is kind of feasible
with recent forum softwares such as Discourse.
The person will probably still think you're an authoritarian nuisance,
but if noone in public took notice they are more likely to deal with it
and forget the incident. And what's best: they will try to avoid having
such an exchange with the moderator again - which means they will improve
their behaviors.
So they become better people not because they want to. Hardly anyone wants
to spend time fixing their bad habits. But if it means not having to
interact with the moderation authority, that will be an actual motivator.
So ideally the moderator won't have all that much work to keep the
community in positive moods all the time. This framing adds the missing
bit of basic social requirements that exist in real-life, and so a
community that runs under this rule should actually feel more "normal".
Yes, just not in public IMHO. Actually would be useful to have a study
to confirm this, but I guess it Thanks a lot. We've been discussing this in the Italian pirate community
for several years now. Last week we passed 'convivenza' into the party
regulations, so should anyone care about us again we have a better chance
of being able to deal with popularity. I am convinced the main issue that
made the German pirates implode was the absence of punishment for destructive
and harrassing behaviors.
Well, they also need to have the authority to exercise "care". And the
nerve to be a pre-emptive vibes-watching nuisance, ready to deal with
potential insults (at least they are in private, and you know they are
against your function, not your person).
Oh you mean if the debate is intense in the contents but respectful
of the contendants? Yes ok, then ideally it becomes a winning game.  :)
Oh.. hm.. well it causes damage by looking like a serious fight to third
parties. Would you be able to take it private or does it need an audience
to be enjoyable? Aren't you a bit egoistic if you're more focused on your
joy than on the general progress of the project? And how can you be sure the other side indeed never gets hurt by your words? In digital words, there's no recognizable difference, or is there?
Wouldn't it be better in most cases if a vibes watcher kept you guys
from getting personal and made you stick to a fact-oriented debate?
Doesn't mean you can't hammer out strong statements - just cut out the
I think the debate produces better output, if you're not throwing your
emotional weight on top of your argumentations. And since many cultures
do so by default, it is a learning process for many, to cut out the
rethoric, the fallacies, the attacks.. and stick to the facts.
Italy is an interesting case study in fact. After 20 years of Berlusconi
it seems to be the default to decorate each legitimate argumentation with
at least three logical fallacies and one funny ad-hominem attack. Then
telling people not to do that stuff is like denying them to be humorous.
Oh, and thanks to Berlusconi nobody ever fact-checks their argumentations
before throwing them in the ring.
Haha. Well you can always go to a public Retroshare or Bitmessage forum if
you want to enjoy some unredacted anarcho-nazicapitalist scumbag bullshit.  :)
But it would be useful to be able to distinguish oligarchic communities,
democratic communities and civil-rights-free zones. Instead most people
only find out when the going gets rough. I guess most mailing lists fall
under the moderated-far-too-late category. Somebody has the de-facto power
to act, but was brought up thinking that intervention is worse than
Have an assembly at CCC, elect say seven trustworthy people to be
in the court of arbitration, then have them figure out what by their
common sense is the right way to do things. Chances are good they
will produce something many in the community would regard as justice -
given victims and culprits confide in them, which they can do if their
rights to privacy is respected, not if there is an obligation to
make private affairs public (a frequent misinterpretation of the
concept of political transparency, btw).

@_date: 2016-06-09 12:48:47
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] cr.yp.to blog: The death of due process 
Suppose someone is accused of rape, or some other horrifying crime. If the accusation is true then the perpetrator should go to jail. If the accusation is false then the source of this false accusation should pay for this slander. Clearly someone has broken the law.
A lynch mob forms to punish the alleged rapist by whatever means possible. A second lynch mob forms to punish the accuser, the alleged slanderer, again by whatever means possible. These mobs are full of angry people who want to be judges and juries and executioners. The members of the first lynch mob dismiss the possibility that the accusation is false. The members of the second lynch mob dismiss the possibility that the accusation is true.
Evidently many of these people are wrong: accidentally or maliciously deceived. At the same time all of these people are convinced that they know who deserves punishment.
Is it really so hard to recognize both of these directions of error? If I prejudge and punish alleged culprits who have not had their day in court, then I will inevitably punish some innocent people: the unfortunate reality is that many accusations of crimes are false. If I prejudge and punish accusers who have not had their day in court, then I will inevitably punish some innocent people: the unfortunate reality is that many accusations of crimes are true.
When I say "day in court", what I really mean is due process. Due process is a set of ethical principles that civilization has painstakingly developed over several centuries, recognizing that punishment is corrupted by many sources of error on both sides: communication is poor; memories are faulty; sometimes people don't tell the whole truth; sometimes people tell something other than the truth. I won't try to summarize all of the principles of due process, but here are some of the most fundamental, well-established principles:
    The accused receives adequate notice of the allegations.
    The accused has an adequate opportunity to respond.
    Judgments are made by an unbiased tribunal.
These principles are followed by criminal courts (where, as an extra protection, defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty); by civil courts (where the winner is whichever side has the strongest overall evidence); by arbitrators; etc.
I'm not saying that judges never make mistakes. I'm saying that the lynch mobs rushing to judgment are much more likely to make mistakes, exactly because of the absence of due process.
Have you ever heard one side of a story, thought you understood what was going on, and then, after hearing the other side of the story, realized that you were wrong? Have you ever read news about liars being convincingly exposed in court as their lawyers watched in despair, shoulders slumped? You're seeing examples of the power of due process to correct errors. Again, I'm not saying that these systems are perfect; I'm saying that the alternatives are much worse.
Is any of this new? Is any of it hard to understand? I don't think so. Why, then, do these lynch mobs form like clockwork?
Imagine the least trustworthy person you can think of. Maybe it's a modern-day J. Edgar Hoover, or maybe it's some money-grubbing corporate type, or maybe it's one of the candidates for the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Imagine that this person, for whatever reason, wants to destroy someone's life. Look at how attractive these lynch mobs are as weapons! The first lynch mob is a weapon to destroy the life of the accused. The second lynch mob is a weapon to destroy the life of the accuser. These weapons can be used by anyone with a moderate level of marketing skill, and cost almost nothing in the Internet age.
Is it clear that this is never happening: that these weapons are never being used maliciously against innocent victims? I don't find it at all clear.[1] Sure, the courts can be used as weapons too, but at least the courts have some protections against abuse.
Perhaps there's never any malice. The error rate of the lynch mobs is nevertheless terribly high: so high that the existence of these mobs cannot, must not, be tolerated by society.
Now suppose an accuser or accused claims to be the victim of a crime or slander respectively?but, instead of calling for a prosecution or a civil case or at least an arbitration, calls for a lynch mob. The costs are low, the expected damage is high, and the pesky concept of due process is neatly dodged. Is this behavior any less antisocial than the behavior of the angry people who heed the call?
Perhaps you feel, intellectually, that you understand all this, and that you detest the lynch mobs on both sides. But then a new event occurs and suddenly you're faced with angry people trying to browbeat you into joining their lynch mob, screaming either "HOW CAN YOU CONDONE THIS CRIME!" or "HOW CAN YOU CONDONE THIS SLANDER!" depending on which side they're on.
It's really not that hard to stay calm and say something like this: "We weren't there. At this point we can't be sure what happened. Sometimes accusations are true, and sometimes they aren't. It's important for a neutral judge to hear testimony from the accuser and from the accused."
But not everyone stays calm. Angry people continue to join these mobs. They blog and tweet and report their ill-informed speculations in favor of the accuser or the accused, confident in their own righteousness and blithely unaware of the possibility of being wrong. Ultimately the accused and the accuser are both punished, truth be damned.
Version: This is version 2016.06.07 of the 20160607-dueprocess.html web page.

@_date: 2016-06-09 16:30:00
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / 
Everyone is free to refute sociology or science in general
and declare it an opinion.
I just came here to suggest a way to handle the situation
that nobody else had the idea of suggesting, based on some
research that got published on this thing called Internet.
I got some good feedback (in private) and some mixed
feedback of mixed competence.
No problem. I am done.

@_date: 2016-06-10 13:43:11
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
Liberate the content from the inappropriate surveilled hosting!
Statement by Jill B?hring regarding Jacob Appelbaum
On June 7, 2016, Gizmodo published a story in which ?eyewitnesses? - Emerson Tan, Meredith Paterson, and Andrea Shepard - supposedly ?recount? Jacob Applebaum?s ?unwanted sexual advances?. The article was quickly picked up and developed further, for example by the dailydot. I am the girl in that story. I recall that night clearly, and my story is entirely different. This is how it happened. I have been romantically involved with Jacob Appelbaum, but I also consider him a close friend. That night in Hamburg, it was the 26th of December, we had dinner with several friends in the Raddison Blu Restaurant. After visiting the 32C3 venue, we, together with a large group of people, went to the Raddison Blu Hotel Bar. We sat down at the bar and had drinks. I was sitting on Jacob?s lap, next to him was a close friend and his partner, and on our other side another friend. Jake and I were flirting with each other all night.
Tan and Patterson recall the situation as follows:
?Jake has his hands all over this girl, and she is very obviously not very happy. You know, she?s looking for her bag, they?re having a conversation and she?s looking for her bag she can?t find her bag and she appears to be really quite distressed and Appelbaum forcibly attempts to try and kiss her, grabs her arm and her backside and makes a move for her breasts.? I did indeed look not very happy. I was emotionally distressed at that time and told Jake, one of my close confidants, about my situation. He did have his hands all over me, just as I had my hands all over him. At no point did Jake forcibly attempt to try and kiss me, nor did he grab me in any inappropriate manner.
While we were talking, I realized that I didn?t have my bag with me, and started looking for it. Anyone who has ever lost sight of their wallet and phone will look ?quite distressed? as a consequence. According to Tan and Patterson, none of our friends seemed to see anything wrong with that situation:
?And the other males who we were with were basically just kind of joking amongst themselves and don?t really seem to see anything wrong with it, which is really quite distressing? This is true. There was nothing wrong with it. I was among several friends with whom I felt absolutely safe.
Around 2 am, three of us ? me, Jake, and another friend ? decided to go to sleep. Each of us was heading ?home?: Jake had a room in the Raddison Blu Hotel, while I had a different accommodation. My other friend was staying at another hotel, close to the Raddison Blu. That friend and I thus decided to leave the Raddison together.
The next day, I wasn?t going to be at the conference, so I didn?t expect to see Jake for a couple of weeks. Jake and I said goodbye to each other in the hotel lobby, and we kissed. But since my friend was waiting for me to leave, I playfully pushed Jake away.
At that time, I noticed Emerson Tan for the first time ? since he was intervening at that point. He states:
?So I watched this for about two to three minutes and then I decide to go and do something and just mount a very very subtle intervention. Which is, I go over, I shake Jake?s hand I tell him what a great job he?s doing with the Tor project and the rest of it and that gives the girl roughly the 30 seconds she needs to find her bag without being in an undistracted fashion.?
I recall Tan approaching me, asking me if Jacob was harassing me. I said he wasn't. Nevertheless, Tan dragged me away and immediately started talking intensely to Jake. At that point I decided to leave, since my friend was waiting for me. I walked him to his hotel, which was only a couple of blocks away.
Tan obviously interpreted the situation differently:
?She left, and I found her hiding out in the hotel bar later, after Jake had left. She was pretty composed but obviously upset.?
I want to make clear that I was not ?hiding? in the hotel bar. I had come back because I regretted not having properly said goodbye to Jake, so I hoped to catch him in the lobby. I waited for a couple of minutes at the bar, looking for him. After approximately ten minutes, I left again.
Reading this highly distorted version of my experience, which is being used as one of the ?bulletproof examples? of Jacob?s alleged misbehavior, I can?t help but wonder.
Wonder about all the stories that have been published the last days.
Wonder not only about mob justice on twitter, caused by rumors and speculation, but also about the accounts repeated by those who call themselves journalists.
Wonder about how many other stories have been willingly misinterpreted.
Wonder about the witnesses in all these stories, who coincidentally always seem to consist of the same set of people.
Wonder about their motive to speak on my behalf without my consent.

@_date: 2016-06-11 19:25:58
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Statement by a group of women regarding *Appelbaum* 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Saturday 11th June 2016
We, the undersigned, are a group of women who have been friends, colleagues, co-workers or partners of Jacob "Jake" Appelbaum over many years.
We have decided that we must speak out due to the nature of this coordinated and one-sided attack on his character and work. It has become clear the mainstream media are unwilling to fact-check, and only too willing to persist in spreading uncorroborated and unfalsifiable rumor. This statement is to give our positive experiences with Jake from our first-hand, long-term perspectives, over many public and private situations.
We do not claim to know what happened in precise situations that we were not present for, and we do not want to trivialise and minimise any pain that may have been caused. But we are observing ? beyond the allegations, that are not for us to comment on specifically ? an egregious character assassination is being played out with numerous defamations online and offline. This is not how the truth can be determined, or justice for anyone done, whether law enforcement is to be trusted or not.
We would like to state that our experiences with Jake are different than what is often being portrayed. We know Jake to be a kind, loyal and dedicated person. We do understand Jake can be outspoken and provocative regarding a number of issues ? which can come across as offensive ? however, we have never found Jake to be as is being alleged.
We are not apologists for any genuine wrongdoing, and as women working in this community we know that there are struggles around sexism. However, simple punitivism is not how the human rights that we all defend should be enforced or framed.
We believe that an open and evidence-based discussion in this situation is necessary to allow our community to develop better processes to handle any allegations. Furiously targeting one person without allowing for proper fact analysis will never solve the bigger structural problem that has been highlighted. We should use this moment to grow and make things better, not destroy the movement and create divisions. We need to create a channel for discussions on how to make things better.
We stand in solidarity with Jake against the way this is being handled and on the side of justice for all, in hope the truth on all sides will be able to come to light in a rational and constructive manner.
Renata Avila, Human Rights Lawyer
Susan Benn, Artist
Cathleen Berger, Policy Advisor
Geraldine de Bastion, Policy Expert
Annegret Falter, Political Scientist
Marie Gutbub, Journalist
Sarah Harrison, Journalist
Christy Lange, Writer
Isik Mater, Infosec Specialist
Angela Richter, Theatre Director
Felicity Ruby, PhD Candidate
Joana Veron, Lawyer
The initial signatories to this statement (named above) have opened an email address to receive additional
signatories as well as any other constructive comments.
Email: dueprocess at riseup.net
Key ID: 3D1CEF58
Key Fingerprint: 2A1D 7685 7AF0 ADD5 F3E5 D5B0 748C FAE0 3D1C EF58

@_date: 2016-06-21 19:39:22
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Question for those who say "Tor is pwned" 
Yes, alpha-mixing would be a great step forward I guess.
Would you say the things I wrote on regarding not building future work on Tor are accurate?
I wouldn't like to be stating anything stupid in there.

@_date: 2016-06-22 13:46:29
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Design of next-generation Tor systems 
Hello Aymeric!
I think this talk is very worthwhile in explaining how gnunet works
and why it is indeed a *replacement* for the current internet, not
something that needs to run on top of it:
I don't understand the question. The strategy of peeling onions, be
it in circuits, packetwise or within a mixed net, is still the method for achieving metadata protection. See also Paul's post.
GNUnet does several other things well, but still it makes sense to
also implement onion routing. But onion routing alone does not
provide all of the things needed by secushare: 1. one-to-many
distribution and scalability, 2. sibyl attack resistant design and
3. framed application traffic + constant bandwidth usage to defy traffic shaping attacks.
It's the combination of these measures that allows us to leave out
one aspect when necessary. For example we can afford not to have a
permanent bandwidth allocation if we have framing and onion routing,
thus allowing for distributed social networking apps on mobile phones,
or we can afford to reduce the onion routing for real-time traffic
if we can segment and mix it with file sharing gossip, this way also
defeating phoneme detection attacks on voice traffic. Or we can surf
the insecure web and risk fingerprinting attacks if the stuff then
goes through onion routes over constant bandwidth channels. Alpha
mixing would probably help, too, but constant bandwidth is easier
and already implemented. We have an advantage in synergy if we use
one big fat tool to replace the broken Internet rather than try to
have separate tools attempt anonymous real-time and bulk data exchange
without cashing in on the synergies. And nothing keeps us from securing our best secrets like our political views, commentaries and
dick pics by using all measures at once.
It is a question of how you design the application, but I think I
elaborated that well in the paragraph.. no?
Temporary use of Tor's DHT is good, but how temporary can it be if the name
of the onion is all you have to get started?
Great minds think alike. I have to bump up looking into your technology
in my TODO list. It has always been in there, but other priorities keep
urging themselves into the foreground, like writing a decent remote
control tool for Tor.  ;)
It could work for Ricochet-like P2P messaging, although the APIs are
too cumbersome I think. When a Tor connection comes from a certain
person, its virtual IP should resolve to the equivalent onion address.
That would make P2P operations trivial to implement. Whereas you are
totally right regarding file sharing.. it is the same point I am
making in the first paragraph on scalability. Also why do people even
think of using an insecure file sharing tool (Bittorrent) over an
anonymizing network that isn't designed for it if they can use a
file sharing system that is designed to be anonymous? gnunet-fs works
great from what I've seen...
I think it works differently with gnunet, but the result is similar
I guess. Maybe Bart's video will empower you to tell us about the
similarities and differences to Peersm.
Griffin: tor-talk is frequently a discussion platform for onion
routing theory beyond the boundaries of what the Tor platform can
do. Is that off-topic? Do people who design next generation Tors
need to find themselves a different place to discuss?

@_date: 2016-06-22 14:09:30
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Design of next-generation Tor systems 
Paul, I thank you for the honor of "proofreading" that page.
So you mean "p2p" in a very broad sense of anything that isn't
client/server? I avoid using "P2P" as many people still assume
that means that no Tor-like agnostic relays and back-end systems
are involved. This would certainly not be the case with secushare,
we want to learn that usability lesson from Tor.
Then you should find GNUnet's network size estimation (nse) module
quite interesting as it empowers cadet (the routing backend that
Bart describes in the video I linked in the previous mail) to know
when it is being attacked. So from my point of knowledge this issue
has been solved, but you may want to dig deeper with the designers
of this solution: Bart Polot and Christian Grothoff.
This also explains why George was so harsh on me when I defended
the idea of a clean-slate approach to dealing with the broken
Internet at the STRINT workshop. He simply doesn't know of this
progress that hasn't only been made on paper - it exists in running
code. He claimed there were unresolved issues in distributed routing
whereas to my knowledge this stuff is settled. Only in gnunet, but
that's enough for me now. Would love if you could check their work
and possibly come back to us with half a thumbs up. I think this is
the main reason why GNUnet has been seeing so much scientific and
financial attention over the years. It's not an amateur tool.
Yup, never been my problem.  :)

@_date: 2016-06-25 13:54:25
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Design of next-generation Tor systems 
Do you know of any other technology that does so with comparable dedication?
Is the spy detection for bittorrent that you implemented (and mention
further below) similar to this?
The GAP protocol which does the anonymous file sharing over gnunet already
implements a kind of onion routing - because when it boils down to metadata
protection it's always about shuffling data around. But multicast, BRAHMS
(Byzantine Resilient Random Membership Sampling) and the distributed social
graph will give three new twists to the concept of onion routing - dealing
with both the central authority and social scalability problems of Tor.
Hm, I have a feeling you are describing how gnunet works. Nodes that see
each other keep on communicating to each other also after a restart, but
whenever a new route needs to be discovered, it's time to use the DHT
with the hardened CADET technique. This way it can cross network boundaries,
reach into censorship-friendly countries, operate over mesh networks. That
extra post-broken-Internet capability does not make gnunet less efficient
over the broken Internet.
Again, that is how Grothoff always describes his contribution policy.
Or rather ideas. He says gnunet-core implements OTR, but actually it's
more like Axolotl. Yet, the concept is in there - coding it again to
fit the overall architecture isn't a hindrance. He's got plenty of
students to do the coding.  ;)  BRAHMS, too, is somebody else's paper -
but it fits and does the job. Grothoff has even been mentioning DP5,
but that's because he hasn't yet fully grasped how the distributed
social graph of secushare obsoletes such a non-scaling approach.
For multicast a whole plethora of papers is being consulted. So are all
the scientific foundations of Tor considered when it comes to OR.
My little item to keep Android devices in check.
It reports when apps "call home". And it allows me to monitor hidden
services deployed on servers simply by having my chat client hang out
in the appropriate chatrooms.
Tor-based P2P systems are pretty much doomed to be one-to-one or
limited to small long-term chatrooms. That's what I mean by 'social
Tor also doesn't have 200 M bittorrent peers. If those peers are all
outside of Tor, then what's the point? Is anonymity only for a few?
Actually it has improvable but ok GUI. It would need somebody to do
a debian package since installation from source is a pain (unless
you are on Gentoo or Guix).
Yes. At first it may make sense to play lego and put two things
together, one for the file sharing and the other for anonymity.
But it doesn't scale up. Or maybe it is just a question of patience
at the expenses of Tor's relay donors.
Interesting stuff!

@_date: 2016-06-28 09:33:49
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Design of next-generation Tor systems 
Maybe maybe we now have the knowledge and technology to be able
to make an authority-free onion routing system... wouldn't that
fulfil an old dream?
Thank you. Did you find some time for this?
Things you wrote papers about should be a priority, no?
I would be curious as hell if somebody solved my problems.

@_date: 2017-08-31 13:07:49
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there any societal use in Bitcoin? 
Would the "darknet" be a better place if there was
no Bitcoin? Are any of the ethical uses of Bitcoin
actually necessary to be done using Bitcoin? Should
society make blockchain finance tools illegal?
Should Tor activists combat criminal uses of the
onion space by impeding its anti-social finance trail?
Let's discuss it:

@_date: 2017-07-15 13:33:52
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Anecdotical experience of SSH MITM 
Hi, I report an experience I seem to have made.
In recent weeks I was occasionally prompted with
a wrong SSH key for my server, like this:
RSA key fingerprint is SHA256:DcXN8UTcDaCz7N1BoUXc9H8yUAs4gxiy37Y1+BDIhUU.
Today I was fast enough to look up the stream
list, using remotor:
2602 SUCCEEDED 1183 [destination-host-scrapped]:2222
Yes, the intervention happened on a non-standard
ssh port. I looked up the circuit in the circuit
status list (the "1183"):
1183 BUILT [entry-guard-scrapped],jaures3,coriandolino c
To ensure the circuit hadn't changed while I looked it
up, I tried connecting again, resulting in the same false
certificate prompt.
Next I hit 'new identity' and was able to log in without
disruptions over some other friendly exit node.
Thank you for your attention in the matter.
Make your own deductions.

@_date: 2017-07-19 16:59:13
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Anecdotical experience of SSH MITM 
Hey out there.. I had two more attempts
from 'coriandolino' to MITM my ssh traffic!
Is anybody going to exclude that node from
the network or do we have to get used that
abusive nodes are not going to suffer any sanctions?
What for?

@_date: 2017-09-04 15:07:40
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there any societal use in Bitcoin? 
Indeed I entirely left out individual perspectives and legitimate
reasons to escape certain banking systems. I was focusing on the
long-term societal perspective which makes blockchain currencies
even worse than centralized banking: instead of having a certain
amount of corruption that could be addressed with better governance
or revolution where necessary, those out-of-societal-control money
systems make everyone an idiot who pays taxes - thus allowing the gap between rich and poor to skyrocket even faster than the exponential speed we are at today - because capitalism without
taxation means poverty for the masses.
But I did mention TALER, the free re-implementation of digicash,
which allows for anonymous micropayments without dismissing the
need for a redistribution system (which is broken, but removing
it entirely would not be a good repair technique). Both banking
and social services can be fixed with better governance.
Those ethereum contracts work with a non-social digital currency.
If programmable blockchains were combined with a taxable currency,
that could be interesting - it would cut out the networking operator
from the banking networks. Not sure if that actually changes much.
Which is all due to proof-of-work.
I expect if the worldwide banking network adopts a blockchain system
it will be establishing consensus among the participating banks without
anyone else in it. Transactions would be more like git commits. None
of them are anonymous, all of them are accountable to respective
authorities. Essentially it would be just using Merkle trees instead
of central brokers, and dropping all other "features" of blockchains.
I don't think it will even make a big difference to the economy,
let alone to end users. But I didn't even consider this kind of use
of financial blockchains in my post, as it has hardly anything to do
with bitcoin and co. And certainly nothing with Tor.

@_date: 2017-09-05 08:25:09
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there any societal use in Bitcoin? 
I think I repeatedly mentioned TALER which isn't just ethically
healthy compared to BTC, it also does transactions in milliseconds.
Not only is BTC burning up the amount of electricity that an average
household consumes in a day, just for one transaction. I was
argueing that there really is no ethical use case left that can't
be solved in a better way, and for the good of Tor I wonder if we
should actively welcome regulatory measures against Bitcoin.
What I didn't expect was that what I had been saying for a year
or two suddenly became Chinese gov policy on the day I wrote
it down...

@_date: 2017-09-07 11:43:04
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there any societal use in Bitcoin? 
When Linus first published his new kernel prototype, that too had
NOPE NOPE NOPE written all over it for you?
Of course taler as a taxable micropayment system only works if
it actually has any currency attached to it. The point is to
make it clear that the option exists and we merely need to
convince some banks and politicians to offer a societally
reasonable alternative to BTC by adopting this. You are
speaking as if these were unsurmountable hurdles and
politicians weren't human beings.  :)
Sounds like something so big it's unbelievable I never heard of it...
Did you read my post and its doubts on the feasability of non-statal UBI?
  "And an universal basic income emphasizing the >universal< of 7.5 billion people - coding and database-wise - and building on the block chain ledger / bit coin, with artificial intelligence and machine learning and machine translation, is an amazing coding, information technology, and helping opportunity (and hopefully all ~200 nation states will provide the financial resources for the UBI for all 7.5 billion people) ... (emerging from their tax IDs or social security number equivalents in each of all ~200-250 nation states, and possibly from people's drivers' licenses, and also connected with their smart phones ... and, conceivably, eventually even as part of their bodyminds with a chip or similar ... )."
This all doesn't sound exactly reassuring, but regarding the key
phrase "and hopefully all ~200 nation states will provide the
financial resources for the UBI" ...
1. why on Earth would they do so if UBI is still heavily disputed
2. why on Earth would they want to use a flaky anarchist currency
   if they can simply do a bank transfer or use any other type of
   efficient and scalable digital payment to each of their citizen?
3. when and where will you discuss that being able to finance a
   UBI actually implies dramatic changes to the taxation system
   and the economy of each of the ~200 nation states?
So, given that (1) and (3) are the actually difficult challenges
in this scenario, focusing on (2) as if it were a solution to the
other two appears quite... out of touch with realism.
Since you published your tor-talk post on your website, will you
also publish a link to the criticism that led you to write your
post and continue the discourse on your website by including these
new paragraphs of mine?
By the way, I have written several positive posts on the feasibility
of CUBI (cumulative unconditional basic income) on my.pages.de - but
they have nothing to do with blockchains since the State is funda-
mental for making it work, therefore there is no gain in using
anti-statal distribution methods: you're not shaking off the
dependency on a functional governmental apparatus anyway.
But let us not end up in a UBI discussion which is highly OT for
tor-talk, and stick firmly on the question whether there are
ethical use cases of bitcoin which legitimize it threatening the
future of Tor and other civil rights networks, unjustly framed
as "darknets". So far I don't see any reason why Tor should
defend Bitcoin and risk collapsing politically under its weight.
Tor should be a civil rights network, not a criminality network.

@_date: 2019-12-13 12:53:21
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [tor-talk] facebookcorewwwi on brief hiatus 
Onion certificates are an oxymoron. The onion address
is self-validating. It is a bug that web browsers apply
the logic of X.509 to Tor addresses - they shouldn't
check certificates at all, or at best pin down the
public key contained in the certificate.
But there's a bigger problem: Facebook has started
hosting and linking images and media on a clearnet
site. The effect is that new avenues for locating
Facebook users are introduced.
