
@_date: 2008-08-18 08:20:09
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: Lost gmail mails .. evil tor exit node? 
Hi all tor gurus,
 From some time ago I am losing some gmail mails (sent or probably also when receiving, via socksified Thunderbird (delete mesasges from server), ssl to pop.gmail.com and smtp.gmail.com) .
I'm testing this on OpenBSD 4.4 -current, tor v0.2.1.1-alpha (r15195), dsocks and Thunderbird 2.0.0.16.
That's intriguing me.
I have set my tor client torrc enabling  AllowInvalidNodes entry,middle,introduction,rendezvous, as I think this is the way we have to go for a global tor network privacy/security, as I don't trust (till some one convinces me otherwise) the  "valid nodes" validators, that may be more easily compromised by big brother-s. (As adversary, I prefer a wild mix of tor exit nodes (sane or compromised mix ones) than only "valid" exit nodes, for sure compromised by big-bro)
Of course, non valid exit nodes may be bad-boys, I know, but as I am on ssl to gmail, it should be ok?
Maybe it's only a gmail spam-etc filtering and destroying system for some specific (chinese?) tor exit chains, as I think gmail (google) is knees-down to china gov (and others) and favors china's orwellian BUT, I have read somewhere that bad exit nodes can revert your call to ssl gmail to plain http gmail after thet first gmail ssl login (gmail seems to allow this) ...
On Firefox3, there is an addons (Better Gmail2) that "forces" full ssl connection to gmail, so this means that gmail, after its first ssl login, can eventually allow non-ssl gmail browsing. (It happened to me some times before I installed this extension on FF3).
Does any of you has similar suspicious behaviors or more information about this?
Any light on this is welcome!

@_date: 2008-08-18 08:43:13
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: AllowInvalidNodes entry, exit, ... ? 
What are the real risks about this?
.. when the adversary could be also a big-bro-s ...
I am testing my tor client enabling  AllowInvalidNodes entry,middle,introduction,rendezvous, as I think this is the way we have to go for a global tor network privacy/security, as I don't trust (till some one convinces me otherwise) the  "valid nodes" validators, that may be more easily compromised by big brother-s.
As an adversary, I prefer a wild mix of tor exit nodes (sane + compromised mix ones) than only "valid" exit nodes, from countries that for sure are compromised by big-bro-s.
Using "valid nodes" I have noticed too many times mu browsing is going to the same exit nodes .... yes fast, but always the same tor exit nodes Of course, non valid exit nodes may be bad-boys, I know.
A good twek against this could be to  use a free or paid bunch of ssl/socks  last non-tor exit-node (paid via anonymous payments as pecunix or so with no javascript, etc. for a real anonymity), this policy should be ok?
Any light on this matter very welcome!

@_date: 2008-08-18 08:44:57
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: +half-a-million tor users? 
I have read somewhere that there is already about +half-a-million tor users.
Is this true?

@_date: 2008-08-18 09:17:10
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: jondonym (formerly JAP) going strong. 
It seems that german jondonym network (formerly JAP) (  ) is going strong, and that they have recently enabled a paid option for better performance.
I like this option.
PERFORMANCE and freeness from big-bro-s influency area is a must for tor and for the world benefiting tor.

@_date: 2008-08-18 09:20:13
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: Paid performance-tor option? 
PERFORMANCE and freeness from big-bro-s influent area is a must for tor and for the world benefiting tor.
JONDONYM, formerly JAP, have just established this.
(  )
If tor is incompetent to find HUGE funding for free, it may be time to setup an international tor paid option.

@_date: 2008-08-18 10:27:15
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: Paid performance-tor option? 
Sorry, just re-reading my post, I am partially wrong, JONDONYM (formerly JAP) is still running its main nodes from "compromised" countries.
As per privacyinternational.org (link below), Germany, once a top privacy rights bastion country, is deceiving progressively.
It seems that they are knees-down to german law-enforcement, opening their nodes servers to them when required (?), probably even without required nor informative request, as they seem to have set up a backdoor system for law-enforcement.
They have improved the anonymizer network system for PERFORMANCE using a paid option, but they are still lacking to expand them to international countries "exit" nodes to let users to chose for a "neutral" exit one.

@_date: 2008-08-18 10:53:51
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: Are different countries/areas entry+exit choseable? 
Hi tor gurus, please note that even if I am a tor tester and user from log years ago, I am still to be considered a newbie.
Summary of this thread: Is currently tor able to easily let users to chose a setup as to always set different (user chose-able) countries/areas combinations for entry/exit chain, to lower the risk of unfair one-world-only adversary profiling nodes?
As most of you are would agree, from a global (planet) human privacy (anonymity) rights point of view ... who can trust any specific law-enforcement agencies (even the US ones) running or controling tor nodes? ... as they are so ready to profile you (echelon, phorm, etc) for years and to sell your body (or your corporation) to any eventual adversary/enemy in trade of any terrorist, economic or the like information?
Scenario sample 1: A tibetan pacific activist from NY, under US "identity protection", suddenly is tortured and jailed for 10 yeras for no specific reason when traveling to China-Tibet to visit its relatives .. Some one has eavesdropped its Internet and sold this information to Chineses in exchange of specific terrorist information ... or in exchange or who knows what obscure trade as US citizens (and the world) are forced blinds about this matters.
We are paying agents that do not report us what they are doing with our money... maybe nothing but huge houses in Bahamas ...
Scenario sample 2: Your corporation is losing contracts against its eu rivals, you don't know how. Some one was spying on you and sold this info to your eu rivals gov agencies in trade of who knows what, probably under the cover hat of national security.
Who surveys the surveyors? That's the eternal question.
In the meantime, as free-speech and privacy is most important for humanity progress than combating criminals and terrorists via an extensive population orwellian surveillance, anonymizer networks must be    an Internat standard and must be tweakeable (set up per default) im a manner that the user can chose its less dangerous influent adversary and chain nodes countries/areas combinations, as well as entry and exit ones, and those must be also set per default from different law/politics countries/areas. e.g. entry eu, exit asia, never entry eu exit eu, entry us exit us.
If our current "employees2 are unable to combat crime and terrorism without undermining (read destroying) pilar key human rights, we must fire them ASAP and look for some one else to do the job, or maybe we have to fund them properly, say with 50% or our properties and revenues, to create a fairer world and perhaps then crime and terrorism would be only a matter of ill people in need of psychiatrist help.
Summary: Is currently tor able to easily let users to chose a setup as to always set different countries/areas combinations for entry/exit chain, to lower the risk of unfair one-world-only profiling?

@_date: 2008-08-18 10:55:17
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: Vidalia or tork on OpenBSD? 
Vidalia or tork on OpenBSD-KDE?
Any of you succeeded on this?

@_date: 2008-08-18 11:23:01
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: Paid performance-tor option? 
Thanks for your email.
Is this service really running, or it's a joke?
How long are your running this?
At what jurisdiction do you have set your servers and your corporation-s?
Are you using the tor network?
How do you compares with anonymizer.com?
Do you allow fully untraceable anonymous payment systems?
(just browsing a bit your site I just saw that you only accept credit/debit cards. If not a fully privacy issue for privacy rights activists or experts, as anyone can buy legal anonymous offshore debit cards, it's a bit an annoying task).
You are emailing from an onionroutor at gmail.com Gmail account: Why
not yet your own protected, firewalled and encrypted email server yet? .. It doesn't gives much confidence in your privacy knowledge.
Anyway, if you are able to really improve free tor privacy/anonymity/security for global customers, my felicitations, and I would study your offer-s seriously in a near future, if not for my personal use, yes for my pseudonymously posted privacy/security blogs.
If you do gpg mail (I couldn't find your pug pgp/gpg key at any pub keyserver), enclosed is my pub-key for non-post mailing if-when any.

@_date: 2008-08-18 12:44:44
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: Paid performance-tor option? 
Hi Michael Holstein,
Thank you for your post.
I'm not an attorney, your argument is a bit to be discussed, but I think you may be wrong saying that Universities can not be participating in a for-profit system.
May be not directly,
but first, I think universities can not ban the access to their established tor nodes to nobody, be an individual or a corporation that is reselling its anonymizer services.
Tor privacy success is also thanks to the many thousands users that provides a cover.
And second, universities are a key pilar of the US and global economy, and their collaborations and contributions to private for-profit companies are essential for the whole society progress.
It's also a lot easier to
I don't understand this. Please elaborate.
You may be wrong: There are hundreds of untraceable anonymous payments systems, but yes a bit annoying to set up.
Yes there are lot of commercial anonymizers, but I'm not sure yet if any one is as good as tor.
TOR from the coffee shop's wifi
Probably most if not all coffe shop's wifi are at this time under strict orwellian surveillance. And most of their servers and firewalls are for sure poorly setup. I'm not sure that communicating via tor from any of those wifi could be safe globally regarding anonymity/privacy/security, mostly if the coffee shop wifis are located at your adversary country.
Why?: To establish tor-like systems as standard for all mere mortals for internet standard browsing, emailing, chatting, instant messaging, telecommuting, instead of the current weak clear text open Internet used Tor-like Internet system should be forced as default minimal Internet quality standard by law to all ISP providers as a standard.
ISP and customers are refusing to talk about this by now, because they like privacy, but not at the cost of current poor tor performance.
Give them performance, and we can start talk.
if it's p2p
About P2p, here I like to have you. Good philosophical question.
I am not looking for performance for any specifically function, but yes, P2P (tor) performance must be also a priority, as millions users are demanding for it, and we are here not to feed our ego (err...me yes...), not to play with our perfect theoretical network tools, not to play to be God and to create the Law(s), but to satisfy the whole planet population demand (and need) for a safe, quality, fast, privacy focused Internet, P2P included.
P2p is a de-facto global, planet, humanity current behavior, and you nor anybody can be blind about that.
When THOUSAND MILLIONS of people are doing it because they don't consider it a crime, laws must be changed, as those millions of citizens ARE the law, are the planet, and most of them are our young people who will own the planet we will be so kind to create and deliver them.
As the P2P ethical problem is the money, and I think only the money, experts should find a solution to that question.
If it's not clear as per today on how humanity can all share for free (or for a low flat rate, or paid by the govs from taxes revenues, or whatever else system) its intellectual properties (ideas, patents, music, films, books, games, art, poetry, essays, conferences, software, knowledge, etc), but it is a GLOBAL CLAIM that intellectual property can not be owned by nobody but by all and should be donated to humanity. As are the air we respires, the sun, the clouds, the smiles, the language, etc.
P2P is the current perfect revolutionary TECHNOLOGICAL tool to distribute and deliver to the world in a quickly and low-cost manner all this intellectual property and other distributed communication goods.
P2P can deliver huge knowledge in a matter of minutes from your Cleveland State University to the last smallest faraway poorest African or Asian Village. It's a dream for any philanthropy educator. It will be for sure a key tool of the Humanity progress to create a fairer world, a better world.
You can teach hundreds of students from this remote village at the same time you are doing the same to your (richards) local students.
You can deliver via P2P your classes/video-conferences, books, images, etc. You will be surprised that many of your african students, after ten years of your teachings, can change heir world, can change our world for a better one, thanks to you and to your P2P teaching tools.
I am tired of tor gurus aiming to forbidden P2P. Really. Hiphocresy.
I will research some day on this list archives about this matter to publish the results on a blog, and to open a new tor+p2p thread that can be beautifully hot.
Tor must be prepared for the revolutionary P2P technology, anything else is stupid, retarded minded, coward.
PLease, you guys, I don't want to offend nobody, I'm a bit rude, I know, it's just my way of talking, but I am a kind man that respect all of you, be sure, and all this are only my opinions. Take it or not.
Thanks for reading and for giving your opinions!

@_date: 2008-08-10 08:00:48
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: Tor TransPort on OpenBSD? 
Does someone of you had success enabling the tor TransPort feature on
It seems there are some bugs:
"transport warn open /dev/pf failed -- Permission denied"
But as per [or-cvs] r16450 mail list it seems that it's to be resolved in latest tor ??:
Patch from Christopher Davis: open /dev/pf before dropping privileges.
Fixes bug 782.  Backport candidate.
I am testing OpenBSD 4.4 -current.

@_date: 2008-08-10 09:45:55
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: Tor TransPort on OpenBSD? 
Yes, the /dev/pf access is probably the problem as I catch once a warning in tor logs about that.
Sorry, this is a newbie question, what and how have I to give tor permissions to access my /dev/pf ?
My tor runs as _tor and group _tor, and /dev/pf is currently only rw by root, and forbidden to others and to wheel. ( -rw------- )
Should I replace here wheel for _tor and give read access to it?
Or read+write access?
This is easy to do in graphical mode with konqueror called by su (I am on an KDE environment).
Or in konsole:
 something /dev/pf?
 something /dev/pf?
Is this safe?
Are you successful using make and pkg_add FreeBSD equivalent to update or build ports via tor using this TransPort feature, even when fetching ftp files?

@_date: 2008-08-10 12:28:05
@_author: macintoshzoom 
@_subject: Tor TransPort on OpenBSD? 
Hi Christopher Davis,
What it is exactly "trunk" vs "0.2.0.30"?
I'm a bit confused about all this jargon and cvs repositories.
What should I do now?
I built my tor port for tor-0.2.1.1-alpha (seems successfully) but now I am on 4.4 -current (+-) (1-2 weeks ago) and last tor source is stable 0.2.0.30 and unstable 0.2.1.4-alpha:
Which one do you recommend?... I want latest TransPort and tor features and I'm on an experimental box, so I don't care too much about bugs if they are not a privacy/security issue, that is the main tor implementation goal.
I think I would like to go by now to stable 0.2.0.30 if TransPorts works as you tell, unless the alpha offers stunning new improvements... Do you I would like to build a new personal port for my i386 box using this last sources.
Could you briefly tell me how?
Latest port at openports.se mirror from Rui Reis is for tor-0.1.2.19, now "obsolete" (OpenBSD is always "obsolete" in many latest top-trend software, I am quite tired about this (I hope they get some $millions soon to improve its paid staff) ... (this is why I am starting to learn how to build my own ports for key software).
I patched my port by hand, using as sample the openports.se latest port from then, by I would like to know how to patch from (your) diff file-s using the KDE kompare (I am on KDE graphical environment, I am building an OpenBSD graphical system, you know, to attract MS and youngsters, ex MS-user from decades ago ...) or the proper OpenBSD experts console tool which I don't (yet) know which one is.
Thanks for your efforts for porting latest tor, there are about half a million privacy/conscious tor users worldwide, and many ones from oppressed countries as fascist China and the like (beware!, privacy human rights are also threatened in the states), where free-speech is forbidden and people get 10 years jail just to check amnesty.org, hrw.org, or tibetan-exiled gov pages!
For them a secure OpenBSD + tor bundle (which I am trying to build) is a breeze of hope in their future.
