
@_date: 2015-09-06 03:41:54
@_author: Alison Macrina 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New mailing list: tor-teachers 
Hi all,
I'm writing to invite folks to a new Tor mailing list: tor-teachers.
This list is for all the awesome people around the world who are
teaching Tor to their communities, who want to work collectively with
other teachers of Tor to support each other, build community, and make
our work even better.
Here's what this new list is for:
1. Discussion and info sharing around Tor teaching/training events (who
we're teaching, when, where)
2. Curriculum development, standardization, organization, and
translation into different languages
3. Sharing strategies for teaching different kinds of groups and
individuals, including visionary stuff (ideology of Tor) with practical
stuff (how to use the darn thing), and problem solving
4. Warm fuzzy success stories from our trainings
5. Community building: encouraging and connecting all the lovely people
educating others about Tor
The goal of this list is to grow the set of people around the world who
are comfortable, empowered, and prepared to speak to others about Tor,
and create and run a common communication channel for this outreach
mrphs (nima at torproject.org) and I are the administrators of this list.
Please join us by signing up here:
See you on the list!
(director of Library Freedom Project, libraryfreedomproject.org)

@_date: 2015-09-11 15:05:43
@_author: Alison Macrina 
@_subject: [tor-talk] First Library to Support Anonymous Internet Browsing, 
Hi folks! I'm the person who runs Library Freedom Project who helped set
up the Tor relay at this library (with Nima, Tor Project volunteer).
Your support could keep this relay going! We need people to sign our
And we need friendly locals to come with us to the board meeting at
Kilton Library, September 15 at 7 pm. Lots of folks are already talking
about showing up, and we want the board and the library director to see
that Tor is loved and needed by his local community!
Thanks everyone!
tor-talk-request at lists.torproject.org:

@_date: 2015-09-16 12:19:34
@_author: Alison Macrina 
@_subject: [tor-talk] victory at kilton library 
Thank you! I think I can speak for both mrphs and myself when I say that
we are thrilled with the outcome. What we saw last night was an
incredible display of community support for free speech and Tor, and an
unequivocal rejection of unlawful government intrusion and FUD. The
Lebanon Libraries staff and community did something historic; I've been
an activist for a long time and I've never been a part of a direct
action quite like that. This is what happens when communities come
together to resist.
Please keep an eye out for more news coverage. The local news in NH has
already put something up with a few great quotes from community members
present: If you're on twitter, say hi to  or  -- the
second one is library director Sean Fleming, and I know he'd be moved to
hear from folks in the Tor community about what his library community
did last night.
Thanks all for your support. We just had the world's first Tor protest,
and it was a wild success. Imagine all the library exit relays we're
gonna get now. :)
Alison (director of Library Freedom Project)
