
@_date: 2016-12-14 10:46:51
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New OONI & Amnesty report: Evidence of internet 
Hi Tor community,
Today OONI and Amnesty International released a joint report that
examines internet censorship events in Ethiopia from June to October
2016, in the midst of heavy protests and leading up to the country's
state of emergency.
You can find the report via the following links:
OONI: *
Amnesty International:
You can also find the *pdf* version of the report here:
As part of our study, OONI conducted network measurement tests in
Ethiopia with the help of anonymous researchers and Amnesty
International collected testimonies pertaining to censorship events
through interviews with Ethiopians. We were able to corroborate reports
on censorship events with technical data that now serves as *evidence*
of such events.
Our key findings show:
1. *WhatsApp was blocked* during the protests.
2. *Deep Packet Inspection (DPI)* technology was used to block access to
*ecadforum.com*, a major Ethiopian news website.
3. *16 different news websites appeared to be censored* in similar
fashion to ecadforum.com, indicating that they were likely blocked by
DPI technology as well.
4. Amongst the various different types of websites that appear to have
been blocked during the protests are the following:
- *LGBTI websites*.
- *Sites advocating for free expression*.
- *News outlets and online forums*.
- *Armed groups and political opposition websites*.
- *Circumvention tool websites *(including *torproject.org* and
*psiphon.ca*). However, we did not find tor software itself being
blocked, and Tor Metrics data indicates that there was an increased
usage of tor software over the last months (possibly due to increased
5. Third-party data (such as Google transparency reports) clearly shows
that there was an *internet shutdown in Ethiopia in August* in the midst
of heavy protests. While Ethiopians also reported a mobile shutdown in
October, third-party data does not show a total shutdown, but that there
was a decrease in the overall traffic originating from Ethiopia during
that month (indicating that some networks might have been shut down in
certain locations).
Many of the censorship events detected as part of this study can now
potentially be justified by the Ethiopian government under the state of
emergency. However, it's important to emphasize that WhatsApp, news
outlets, online forums, and various other websites were found to be
filtered /prior/ to the state of emergency declaration, and in the midst
of heavy protests.
OONI data can serve as evidence of such censorship events, and it can be
found here: *
*Please contact us with any questions you may have.
All the best,

@_date: 2016-12-20 13:03:02
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] OONI & Sinar Project Report: The State of Internet 
Today OONI and Sinar Project jointly released a report that examines
internet censorship in Malaysia over the last few months.
This study involved the collection of network measurements through the
use of ooniprobe in an attempt to collect data that can serve as
evidence of internet censorship events, as well as the examination of
relevant laws and policies.
Our report can be found here:
The key findings of our study include:
1. We found *39 different websites* to be blocked through the *DNS
injection of block pages*. These sites include:
- *News outlets*, *blogs*, and *medium.com* for covering the *1MDB scandal*.
- A site that expresses heavy criticism towards Islam (and which, in the
Malaysian context, can be viewed as inciting hatred towards Islam).
- Popular torrenting sites (such as thepiratebay.org).
- A popular online dating site.
- Pornographic sites.
- Gambling sites.
2. This study provides evidence of *politically motivated censorship*
(since news outlets and blogs covering the 1MDB scandal were found to be
blocked). This censorship though has vaguely been justified by Malaysian
authorities on the grounds of "national security" under the
Communications and Multimedia Act (CMA) 1998.
3. The pornographic and gambling sites that were found to be blocked
might be part of the thousands of websites that were recently announced
to be blocked by Malaysian authorities (reference:
In any case, the blocking of these sites can be justified under
Malaysia's laws and regulations (see "Legal environment" section of the
4. Some previously blocked sites (Bersih rally websites) were found to
be accessible as part of this study. Social media and censorship
circumvention tools also appeared to be accessible.
5. Even though Sharia law poses restrictions to LGBTI rights, all LGBTI
sites that we tested were found to be accessible.
Please contact us with any questions you may have.
All the best,
Maria.

@_date: 2016-10-11 12:50:21
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [New OONI Report] Zambia: Internet censorship during the 
Hash: SHA1
Hi Tor community,
I am sending this email to share our latest report:
"Zambia: Internet censorship during the 2016 general elections?"
You can find the report here:
This report is a research study by OONI and Strathmore University's
Centre for Intellectual Property and Information Technology Law (CIPIT),
examining internet censorship during Zambia's 2016 general elections.
The key findings of our study illustrate that 10 websites (including
Pinterest, the website of the World Economic Forum, and online dating
sites) presented signs of DNS, TCP/IP and HTTP interference during
Zambia's 2016 election period, while previously blocked news outlets
(such as zambiawatchdog.com) appeared to be accessible during the
testing period. While the blocking of pornography and sites supporting
LGBT dating (as indicated by this study) could potentially be legally
justified under Zambia's Penal Code and Electronic Communications and
Transactions Act 2009, the motivation and legal justification behind the
potential blocking of other sites (such as Pinterest) remains unclear.
No block pages were detected as part of this study that could _confirm_
cases of censorship.
We would appreciate it if you could share this report with your
networks, and please don't hesitate to contact us with any questions or
feedback you may have.
Thanks and all the best,

@_date: 2017-08-28 20:08:31
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report on internet censorship in Cuba 
Today the Open Observatory of Network Interference (OONI) project
published a new report, titled: "*Measuring Internet Censorship in
Cuba's ParkNets*"
You can read the report here:
You can also find a summary of the report on the Tor blog:
Last May we traveled to Cuba and performed a variety of network
measurement tests across eight vantage points in Havana, Santa Clara,
and Santiago de Cuba, with the aim of measuring internet censorship.
As part of our study, we were able to confirm the *blocking of 41
websites*. Many of these sites include news outlets and blogs, as well
as pro-democracy and human rights sites. Many of the blocked sites,
directly or indirectly, express criticism towards the Cuban government.
Interestingly enough though, various other international sites which
also express criticism were found to be accessible.
Web proxies, like Anonymouse, were amongst those found to be blocked,
potentially limiting Cubans' ability to circumvent censorship. The Tor
network though was found to be accessible across the country, likely
because Cuba has relatively few Tor users.
*Deep Packet Inspection (DPI) technology was found to be resetting
connections and serving (blank) block pages.* Through latency
measurements, we were able to confirm that the blocking server is most
likely located in Havana (and in any case, for sure in Cuba). Only the
HTTP version of sites was found to be blocked, potentially enabling
users to circumvent the censorship by merely accessing them over HTTPS.
Most blocked sites, however, do not support HTTPS.
*Skype was found to be blocked. *By examining packet traces, we were
able to determine that the DPI middlebox blocked Skype by means of RST
injection. Other popular communications tools, such as WhatsApp and
Facebook Messenger, were found to be accessible.
*Chinese vendor Huawei was also found to be supporting Cuba's internet
infrastructure.* The server header of blocked sites, for example,
pointed to Huawei equipent. It remains unclear though whether they are
actually implementing internet censorship in the country.
Lastly, we accidentally discovered that *Google is blocking Google App
Engine from Cuba (when trying to run NDT).*
Overall, internet censorship does not appear to be particularly
sophisticated in Cuba. The high cost of the internet and the limited
availability of public wifi hotspots across the country remain the main
barriers to accessing the internet. But as Cuba's internet landscape
evolves, so might techniques and practices around internet censorship.
Therefore, we think it's important to continue to measure networks with
ooniprobe in Cuba and elsewhere around the world.
Thanks for reading our latest report - happy to address any questions
you may have!
~ The OONI team.

@_date: 2017-02-09 13:22:05
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] BOOM! New OONI Mobile App Released! 
Hi Tor community,
Today the Open Observatory of Network Interference (OONI) is thrilled to
announce the release of *ooniprobe mobile app* on *Google Play* and
*iOS* app stores!
*Google Play:*
*iOS:* OONI's new mobile app is easy to use and allows you to monitor:
*- **Blocking of websites;**
**- Presence of systems ("middle boxes") that could be responsible for
censorship and/or surveillance;**
**- Speed and performance of your network.*
Since OONI started monitoring global censorship events five years ago,
we have seen that many cases of internet censorship around the world are
politically motivated, aimed at stifling communications and access to
information during protests, elections, and other political events.
While we may all be familiar with such events, what we often lacked was
*evidence *required to hold those responsible to account. What we also
lacked was real-time understanding of how internet censorship was
implemented, and therefore how it could be circumvented.
Now anyone who owns an Android or iOS smartphone can play an active role
in uncovering information controls around the world.
OONI's new mobile app not only allows you to see which websites are
blocked, how, where, when, and by whom, but it also provides tips on how
to circumvent the detected censorship. It also allows you to measure the
speed and performance of your network, which can be useful in uncovering
more covert forms of censorship, such as throttling (a censorship
technique we have increasingly seen in Turkey and elsewhere around the
All network measurement data collected through OONI's mobile app is
*published on OONI Explorer
*( and on *OONI's
measurement interface* ( --
unless you opt out. Open data allows third parties to conduct
independent studies, to verify OONI findings, and to answer other
research questions. It also allows us all to have a more accurate
understanding of information controls around the world. With each test
you run via OONI's mobile app, you are playing an active role in
increasing transparency of internet censorship.
ooniprobe is an investigatory tool and may therefore pose some risks
( When you first install the
app, we require you to answer a quiz correctly, demonstrating your
understanding of potential risks.
We believe that access to information is a fundamental human right and
therefore everyone should have the right and ability to examine their
digital world and the restrictions that may be imposed on it. Moses
Karanja, a Kenyan researcher on the politics of information controls at
Strathmore University's CIPIT said in a statement:
censorship. Most Africans rely on mobile phones as their primary means
of accessing the internet and OONI's mobile app allows for decentralized
efforts in unmasking the nature of censorship and internet performance.
The possibilities are exciting for researchers, business and the human
rights community around the world. We look forward to interesting days
Learn more about OONI's mobile app here:
Please contact the OONI team with any questions you may have at
*contact at openobservatory.org*.
All the best,
The OONI Team.

@_date: 2017-02-09 23:48:52
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] BOOM! New OONI Mobile App Released! 
Awesome, glad to hear it. :)
Indeed! Just opened an issue

@_date: 2017-07-24 15:53:24
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Report - OONI Partner Gathering 2017 
Two weeks ago we hosted the**first OONI Partner Gathering! :)
The event was hosted at the University of Toronto on 10th & 11th July 2017.
The aim of this two-day event was to bring our international partners
together to share skills, knowledge, and research findings. We reflected
on our collaboration over the last year, and we brainstormed on future
goals and priorities to improve our collaboration on the study of
internet censorship.
Today we published a report which provides an overview of the event, its
sessions, partner challenges and needs, future goals and priorities, and
event outcomes.
Read the report here:
You can also find the event's agenda and all of the session notes here:
All the best,

@_date: 2017-06-19 19:00:16
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report: Evidence of recent censorship events in Egypt 
Today OONI, in collaboration with Access Now, published a research
report on our findings on *recent censorship events in Egypt*.
You can find the report here:
The key findings of our study include:
  * We were able to confirm the *blocking of 10 news websites*,
    including madamasr.com and aljazeera.net. It remains unclear to us
    though if all of these sites were blocked under the Egyptian
    government's recent censorship orders.   * *Link Egypt appears to be blocking access to the Tor network.* On a
    positive note, the Tor network appears to be accessible from the
    Vodafone Egypt and TE networks.
  * Link Egypt and Vodafone Egypt are *blocking access to
    torproject.org, bridges.torproject.org....and even
    ooni.torproject.org* (our own site).
Through the collection and analysis of network measurement data, we were
able to determine that Egyptian ISPs are using Deep Packet Inspection
(DPI) technology to RESET connections.
You can find the network measurement data collected from Egypt through
the following links:
  *   * Please contact us with any questions you may have.
All the best,

@_date: 2017-03-20 13:49:39
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report: The State of Internet Censorship in Thailand 
Today, in collaboration with Sinar Project and the Thai Netizen Network,
the OONI project published a research report on "*The State of Internet
Censorship in Thailand*".
You can view our joint report here:
Over the last 4 months, ooniprobe was run across 16 local vantage points
in Thailand, through which we collected and analyzed thousands of
network measurements with the aim of examining and uncovering recent
censorship events in the country. Our study also includes an examination
of Thailand's legal environment and network landscape.
The key findings of our study *confirm the blocking of 13 websites* in
Thailand across 6 different ISPs, including the following types of sites:
- *News outlets* (*nypost.com* and *dailymail.co.uk*)
- *wikileaks.org*
- *Circumvention tool sites* (such as hotspotshield.com)
- Pornography
Thai ISPs appear to primarily be implementing censorship through *DNS
hijacking* and through the use of *middle boxes* (HTTP transparent
proxies) which serve block pages. Since sites were not found to be
blocked across all networks, /Thai ISPs appear to be blocking websites
at their own discretion. //
were found to be accessible across all 16 networks in Thailand where
tests were run during the testing period (6th November 2016 - 27th
February 2017).
Given the limited transparency around information controls in Thailand
and their potential for abuse, we encourage public debate based on the
findings of this study.
Finally, we thank the OTF and Access Now for funding this research. We
also thank all the anonymous and brave volunteers in Thailand who have
run and continue to run ooniprobe, thus making this research possible.
Please contact us with any questions you may have! Feedback is always
~ The OONI team.

@_date: 2017-03-29 15:41:25
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Report: The State of Internet Censorship in Myanmar 
Today the Open Observatory of Network Interference (OONI), in
collaboration with Sinar Project and Myanmar ICT for Development
Organization (MIDO), published a report on *The State of Internet
Censorship in Myanmar*.
You can read our report here:
As part of our study, OONI software tests were run across 6 local
vantage points in Myanmar between 25th October 2016 and 28th February
2017. These tests are designed to measure:
- Blocking of websites;
- Blocking of Whatsapp and Facebook Messenger;
- Blocking of Tor;
- Presence of middle boxes (i.e. systems that could be responsible for
censorship or surveillance).
Upon analysis of thousands of network measurements, we did not detect
any block pages that could confirm any cases of internet censorship.
Five sites, however, including those of the U.S. embassy in Myanmar and
of the Organization of American States (OAS) presented signs of TCP/IP
and HTTP blocking.
While OONI software tests detected the presence of Blue Coat software
(some types of which can potentially be used for internet censorship and
surveillance) in Myanmar back in 2012, we did not detect the presence of
this software in any of the 6 networks where tests were performed. On
another positive note, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, and the Tor Network
were found to be accessible in all 6 networks in Myanmar throughout the
testing period.
Please contact us with any questions or feedback you may have.
All the best,
~ The OONI team.

@_date: 2017-05-23 22:28:07
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report: The State of Internet Censorship in Indonesia 
Today, in collaboration with Sinar Project, the Open Observatory of
Network Interference (OONI) released a new research report:
*The State of Internet Censorship in Indonesia:*
OONI network measurement data collected from 21 local vantage points
confirms the *blocking of 161 websites* in Indonesia between 22nd June
2016 to 1st March 2017. Indonesian ISPs appear to be implementing block
pages primarily through DNS hijacking.
Multiple sites expressing criticism towards Islam were found to be
blocked, possibly under Article 156(a) of Indonesia’s Criminal Code
which prohibits blasphemy against religions.
Other blocked sites include:
  * LGBT sites;
  * A blog expressing political criticism;
  * An independent U.S. news outlet;
  * A site, led by female activist artists, that defends gender and
    ethnic rights;
  * Anonymity tool sites;
  * Hosting platforms;
  * An online translator;
  * Popular online dating sites;
  * Sites promoting sex education and AIDS/HIV prevention;
  * A site featuring tattoos and piercings;
  * Gaming sites.
*Vimeo and Reddit were found to be blocked* in some networks in
Indonesia, even though their ban was lifted more than two years ago. A
popular animal rights site was also found to be blocked, possibly
because it was mistaken for a pornographic website due to its domain
Under the MICT’s 2014 decree, Indonesian ISPs are granted the authority
to ban “negative content” at their own discretion, regardless of whether
such sites are included in the official Trust Positif blocklist. This
excessive authority granted to Indonesian ISPs may explain why many
different types of sites were found to be blocked across different networks.
On a positive note, internet censorship in Indonesia can probably be
circumvented through the use of Tor software. OONI data shows that the
Tor network was accessible in Indonesia during the testing period.
Please share the report with your networks.
Happy to address any questions you may have.
All the best,
~ The OONI team.

@_date: 2017-11-24 16:04:07
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New study: Identifying cases of DNS misconfiguration 
Sometimes what may look like DNS blocking may in fact be a case of DNS misconfiguration. Such cases were observed in Brazil with the help of Coding Rights, and through the
analysis of OONI and RIPE network measurements.
Today, OONI's Leonid and Vasilis published a new study examining cases of DNS misconfiguration, which is available here:
More specifically, this study draws upon the case of pernambuco.com, a Brazilian news outlet that has reportedly been inaccessible in many
networks across Brazil. Following investigations, it was determined that this site was not blocked by means of DNS tampering but rather,
inaccessible due to DNS misconfiguration. Similarly, many other international domains were found to be inaccessible for the same reason.
OONI's latest study explains how to detect such cases, and offers advice on possible solutions, to improve the accessibility of sites around the world!

@_date: 2017-11-29 12:05:21
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report: How Pakistan blocked news outlets, 
Today, in collaboration with Bytes for All Pakistan, OONI published a
research study titled "How Pakistan blocked news outlets, social media
sites, and IM apps amidst protests".
Our study is available here:
 and
Last weekend, a number of social media sites and news outlets were
reportedly blocked in Pakistan during Islamist protests.
Through the collection and analysis of OONI network measurements from
Pakistan, we confirmed the DNS-based blocking of:
* 14 news websites
* Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram
* Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WhatsApp's web interface (web.whatsapp.com)
All of these censorship events were temporarily implemented last weekend
(25th & 26th November), and no longer seem to be in place (at least not in
the networks where tests were/are run). This highlights the need to
monitor internet censorship on an ongoing basis around the world.
In our previous study with Bytes for All
Pakistani ISPs appeared to be applying "smart filters", selectively
blocking the HTTP versions of certain Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter
webpages, rather than blocking access to entire domains.
Last weekend, however, these sites were blocked entirely.
This is also the first time that we have collected technical evidence on
the censorship of news websites in Pakistan.
In addition to network measurement findings, our report also includes
censorship circumvention advice and information on how to reproduce this
study (in Pakistan or elsewhere).
Thanks for reading!
~ The OONI team.

@_date: 2017-10-03 20:11:06
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Report on blocking of Catalan referendum sites 
Today, in collaboration with our friends at Virtual Road, OONI published
a post on the blocking of Catalan referendum sites.
You can read our post here:
This report links to network measurements collected from three local
networks over the last week, examining the blocking of domains
associated to Catalonia's independence referendum.
Our findings confirm the blocking of 25 Catalan referendum sites between
25th September 2017 (when OONI Probe testing started) to 1st October
2017 (referendum day).
France Telecom Espanya (AS12479) and Euskaltel (AS12338) blocked these
sites by means of DNS tampering, while Telefonica/Movistar (AS3352)
served block pages through the use of HTTP transparent proxies.
While Telecom Espanya and Euskaltel were not found to be blocking seized
.cat domains, we found Telefonica to be serving block pages even for
.cat domains already seized.
This case highlights the need to measure internet censorship everywhere,
even in countries that we consider to be less likely to censor information.
We can't go back in time and run measurements, but we can always be
prepared. ;)
You can consider running OONI Probe in your country through our
installation information here: You can also explore OONI data further here:
All the best,

@_date: 2017-10-18 12:24:48
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Report on Internet Censorship in Pakistan 
Today, in collaboration with Bytes for All Pakistan, the Open
Observatory of Network Interference (OONI) published a research report
examining internet censorship in Pakistan over the the last three years.
The report, titled "Internet Censorship in Pakistan: Findings from
2014-2017", is available here:
This study includes an analysis of thousands of network measurements
collected (through the use of OONI Probe) from 22 local vantage points
in Pakistan over the last three years.
We confirm the blocking of 210 URLs in Pakistan. Explicit blockpages
were served for many of those URLs, while others were blocked by means
of DNS tampering.
In many cases, Pakistani ISPs appear to be applying "smart filters",
selectively blocking access to specific webpages hosted on HTTP, rather
than blocking access to entire domains. Overall, we only found ISPs to
be blocking the HTTP version of sites, potentially enabling censorship
circumvention over HTTPS (for sites that support encrypted HTTPS
We found a wide range of different types of sites to be blocked,
including LGBT sites, communication tools, and pornography, amongst others.
Notably, most of the blocked URLs include:
  * Sites hosting content pertaining to the controversial "Everybody
    Draw Mohammed Day"
  * Web proxies
The blocking of sites related to "Draw Mohammed Day" is legally
justified under Pakistan's Penal Code, which prohibits blasphemy.
Similarly, the blocking of other sites (such as pornography and other
sites promoting provocative attire) can be justified under Pakistan's
laws and regulations.
However, we also found the sites of the Baluch and Hazara ethnic
minority groups to be blocked**as well. According to human rights
groups, these minorities have experienced discrimination and abuse by
authorities. These censorship events may be politically motivated.
On a positive note, we found popular communication tools, like WhatsApp
and Facebook Messenger, to be accessible. Quite similarly, the Tor
network was accessible in most networks throughout the testing period.
All data collected from Pakistan is publicly available here:
~ The OONI team.

@_date: 2017-10-18 16:48:59
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Report on Internet Censorship in Pakistan 
You're right - our findings probably aren't shocking. Our intention
though is not to shock, but to provide evidence of what is or isn't
happening internet censorship-wise in the country.
From my perspective, one of the most interesting findings from this
study is the blocking of ethnic minority sites:
It's easy to notice censorship when major platforms that we commonly use
are blocked. The hard part is noticing when the sites of minority groups
are censored. And I think it's important that minority voices are also
Due to the sensitive nature of minority sites, they're possibly more
likely to be blocked, and we're less likely to notice when it happens.
This report sheds light on such cases.

@_date: 2017-09-26 13:34:33
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Evidence of recent censorship events in Spain and China 
Hello Tor community,
I am sending this email to share OONI data providing evidence of recent
censorship events in Spain and China.
# Spain
As of yesterday, OONI Probe users in Spain started testing the blocking
of sites associated to the upcoming Catalan Independence Referendum.
The sites that were added for testing can be found here:
If you know of other sites that should be added to this testing list,
please create a pull request or send them to me via email.
As of today, we have started collecting network measurements which
provide **evidence of the DNS blocking of sites related to the Catalan
Below are some examples:
To find more examples, please filter the measurements through the
following page: You can filter the measurements through the following steps:
1. Click "Filter Results" in the Spanish OONI Explorer page:
2. Add a domain in the "Test Input" section that already exists in the
Spanish test list:
 (if
it's not included in this list, then that URL hasn't been tested)
3. Click "Apply Filter".
This will now present you with all the measurements pertaining to the
domain that you selected. By clicking on each of those measurements, you
will be able to find evidence of the blocking at the bottom of each
"measurement page", by clicking on "object" (thus opening up the
technical details).
# China
We **confirm that the blocking of WhatsApp in the AS9808 network in
China started on 23rd September 2017**.*
*Network measurements collected from that network over the last days show:
WhatsApp blocked on 25th September 2017:
WhatsApp blocked on 24th September 2017:
WhatsApp blocked on 23rd September 2017:
In contrast, WhatsApp was found to be accessible in that network on 22nd
September 2017 (and during all the previous dates):
This strongly suggests that this ISP started blocking WhatsApp on 23rd
September 2017.
It's worth highlighting that, as of yesterday, we see this ISP
increasing the censorship of WhatsApp. During the previous dates (23rd &
24th September), they were only blocking TCP connections to WhatsApp's
But as of yesterday (25th September), they are **ALSO blocking access to
WhatsApp's registration service** -- therefore enhancing the censorship
of WhatsApp.
It's also worth noting that these measurements have only been collected
from one ISP (AS9808). Therefore, it remains unclear to us whether other
ISPs in China are blocking access to WhatsApp as well, or whether the
block is being implemented on a nation-wide level.
The measurements that we collect depend on the OONI Probe users in
China, and where they choose to run tests.
You can filter the WhatsApp measurements collected from China through
the following steps:
1. Access the China OONI Explorer page:
2. Click "Filter Results".
3. Select "WhatsApp" in the drop-down menu of "Test Name".
4. Click "Apply Filter".
You will now be presented will all the OONI network measurements showing
the testing of WhatsApp in China. By clicking on each individual
measurement, you will be able to find more information by clicking
"object" (uncovering technical details).
We encourage you to use this data as part of advocacy efforts and
censorship circumvention advice.
All the best,

@_date: 2017-09-27 18:13:55
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New OONI release: Test sites you care about! 
Hello Tor community,
The OONI team is super excited to announce.... OONI Run!
OONI Run is a new OONI Probe mobile app feature linked to this site:
Through this site, you can:
* Engage your friends (and the world) with censorship measurement tests!
* Monitor the blocking of your site (and other sites you care about)
around the world!
Heard of censorship events but would like to have data to verify them?
Suspecting that censorship may occur leading up to or during political
Our solution to this is OONI Run.
We are excited about OONI Run because it can help build a global
community that monitors and responds to censorship events around the world.
Add sites to OONI Run, generate a link, and share it with your friends
and with the world! If they have the OONI Probe mobile app already
installed, it will automatically start running the tests (and testing
the sites) of your choice! If they don't have OONI Probe installed, in
will encourage them to first install the app (to then start running the
Has your site been censored by governments around the world (or do you
suspect that that may happen)? Through OONI Run (
you can get OONI Probe widget code so that the global OONI Probe
community can test your site!
Learn more about OONI Run through our blog post:
Together, we can coordinate to fight internet censorship around the world.
Happy testing!
~ The OONI team.

@_date: 2017-09-28 20:45:25
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report: Internet Censorship in Iran, 2014-2017 
Hello Tor community,
Today, in collaboration with ASL19, ARTICLE 19 and Small Media, the OONI
team released a new research report: Internet Censorship in Iran:
Network Measurement Findings from 2014-2017.
You can read the report here:
We also published a summary of the report on the Tor blog:
This study involves the analysis of thousands of network measurements
collected from 60 networks across Iran over the last 3 years.
OONI data confirms the blocking of 886 domains (and 1,019 URLs overall),
most of which include news outlets and human rights sites. The breadth
and scale of internet censorship in Iran is pervasive, since we found a
wide range of different types of sites to be blocked, with the blocking
extending beyond a simple definition of legality.
Blocked domains include search engines (such as google.com and
duckduck.go), online social networks (e.g. facebook.com, twitter.com,
plus.google.com), media sharing platforms (e.g. instagram, flickr.com,
youtube.com), blogging platforms (e.g. wordpress.com, blogger.com), and
communication tool sites (such as viber.com and paltalk.com). We also
found Facebook Messenger to be blocked by means of DNS tampering.
But**blocked domains also include opposition sites, pro-democracy sites,
and even the sites of digital rights groups in our community, such as:
EFF, CDT, Freedom House, ASL19, ARTICLE 19, Global Voices, The Citizen
Lab, and Reporters Without Borders.
Iranian ISPs appear to have shifted their practices from applying "smart
filters" (only censoring specific webpages) to "blanket censorship"
(censoring entire sites). Previously, they used to limit their
censorship to specific webpages hosted on HTTP. But over the last years,
as more sites have adopted HTTPS, we found that most ISPs blocked access
to both the HTTP and HTTPS versions of sites (since it's not possible to
target specific webpages when a site is hosted on HTTPS).
What's interesting is that we found internet censorship in Iran to be
non-deterministic.**By this we mean that we found ISPs to be flipping
between blocking and unblocking sites over time, possibly in an attempt
to create uncertainty or to make the censorship more subtle.
Internet censorship in Iran is sophisticated because we found ISPs to be
serving blockpages by means of DNS injection and through the use of HTTP
transparent proxies. But another reason why it is sophisticated is
because it is reinforced through the blocking of multiple censorship
circumvention tools. We even found the Tor network to be blocked most of
the time across most networks, but on a positive note, Tor bridges were
partially accessible.
Iranian ISPs also appear to be taking extra steps to reinforce internet
censorship and limit circumvention. We found various online translators
to be blocked. Pasting a URL into an online translator will provide
access to the site's content, even if that site is blocked. Online
translators can therefore provide a form of censorship circumvention,
likely explaining why we found them to be blocked.
Political relations appear to influence how information controls are
implemented in Iran. This is strongly suggested by the fact that we
found multiple Israeli and U.S. domains to be blocked. Israeli domains
even appear to be blocked almost indiscriminately. US export laws and
regulations, on the other hand, restrict the use of services in Iran,
which is why we found Norton, Virus Total, and GraphicRiver to be
inaccessible in the country.
Internet censorship in Iran also appears to serve as a tool for the
reinforcement of geopolitical dynamics of power. This is strongly
suggested by the fact that we found multiple Kurdish sites to be blocked.
Much more can be said about this study....but this email is already
quite long. :)
We encourage you to explore the data we published!
Thanks for reading.
~ The OONI team.

@_date: 2018-04-04 19:18:17
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New methodology: Investigating internet blackouts 
It's 404 day and I'd like to announce that the OONI team is creating a
new methodology for investigating internet blackouts worldwide!
OONI Probe is designed to measure various forms of censorship, but
internet blackouts (i.e. when the internet is switched off completely)
is not currently one of them. We have therefore relied on third party
data sources (such as Google traffic and BGP announcement data published
by RIPE) to investigate internet blackouts. While these data sources are
extremely useful, the problem is that it's challenging to drill down to
internet blackouts that occur on a regional level, and to collect more
fine-grained metrics.
We therefore thought: Why not engage our existing, global OONI Probe
community to investigate internet blackouts on the ground?
To this end, we're experimenting with the creation of a new methodology
that will be included in future OONI Probe mobile app releases, enabling
community members to participate in internet blackout investigations.
If you're interested in learning all the technical details (and the
reasoning behind our choices), please read our documentation:
Otherwise, please read our announcement blog
( and
share the word
This methodology is quite experimental. We'd appreciate any feedback you
can provide!
Maria (on behalf of the OONI team).

@_date: 2018-04-05 17:25:42
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Report: Sierra Leone network disruptions amid 2018 
Today OONI and Sierra Leone's Campaign for Human Rights Development
International (CHRDI) published a joint research report examining the
network disruptions that occurred last weekend amid Sierra Leone's 2018
runoff elections.
Our report is available here:
Throughout the election period, we have been coordinating on the
collection and analysis of OONI Probe network measurements. OONI data
did not show any signs of internet censorship, but the testing of
WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger indicated some form of performance
degradation on the network.
Last weekend, locals reported that an internet blackout occurred
following the runoff elections, so we referred to third party data
sources to investigate further.
Google traffic and BGP announcement data aggregated and published by
RIPE show that two network disruptions occurred in Sierra Leone last
1. In the early hours of 30th March 2018 (before the runoff elections)
2. Late at night on 31st March 2018 and in the early hours of 1st April
2018 (after the runoff elections)
We reached out to Sierra Leone Cable Company (SALCAB), Africell, Orange,
and ACE to better understand how and why the two network disruptions
So far, we have only received a reply from the Vice Chair of ACE, who
claims that the network disruption was caused by an ACE submarine cable
cut and that they did not receive any government orders to switch off
the internet.
SALCAB has also released a public statement, denying reports regarding
government orders to shut down the internet, and arguing that the
network disruptions were caused by issues pertaining to the cable cut.
It's worth highlighting though that the two network disruptions appear
to be different.
In the first case, Google traffic and BGP data only show a partial
disruption (with only a few ASNs and subnets affected), and neighboring
Guinea and Liberia appear to have been affected as well. This could be
explained by the ACE cable cut.
In the second case however, Google traffic shows a complete drop in
traffic from Sierra Leone to Google Search, while BGP data shows that
most prefixes were withdrawn. No neighboring countries appear to be
affected by the second disruption, even though it was more severe than
the first. This suggests that an internet blackout likely occurred.
We will update our report when/if we receive further information from
the providers we reached out to.
Thanks for reading, and please feel encouraged to share any information
you may have on this case.
Thank you.
~ OONI team.

@_date: 2018-04-23 16:21:53
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] ParkNet: OONI's Short Documentary on Internet Censorship 
The OONI team is excited to let you know that we just published our
first short film!
Our 5-minute documentary is called "ParkNet: Exploring Internet
Censorship in Cuba".
* About the film:
* Watch the film on YouTube: Last year we traveled to Cuba to explore its internet landscape. You
might remember that we published a research report on our findings:
Today we publish this short film to share some of our key findings and
to provide a feel of Cuba's unique internet landscape. We also wanted to
experiment with the idea of presenting censorship findings with video.
Our OONI YouTube channel will feature new and exciting content over the
next months. Subscribe to receive updates:
Thanks for watching!
OONI team.

@_date: 2018-08-01 15:44:07
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report on South Sudan: Measuring Internet Censorship 
Today, OONI and South Sudan's The Advocates for Human Rights and
Democracy (TAHURID) published a joint report examining internet
censorship in South Sudan.
Our research report is available here:
Established in July 2011, South Sudan is the world's youngest nation.
The country though is in turmoil in light of ongoing civil war.
OONI and TAHURID joined forces to measure internet censorship locally,
particularly following local reports on the blocking of media outlets.
OONI data corroborates these reports, showing the blocking of media
outlets Sudan Tribune and Radio Tamazuj, and of Nyamilepedia and
Paanluel Wel, the leading blogs of the Nuer and Dinka tribes.
MTN (AS37594) appears to block TCP/IP connections to these sites, while
IPTEC (AS36892) blocks access by means of DNS tampering.
We also detected the presence of the Mikrotik HTTP transparent proxy
through measurements collected in 2017 from South Sudan's 4G Telecom
(AS327786) network. This proxy though is more likely being used to
improve connectivity and network performance, than to implement internet
Based on our testing, internet censorship in South Sudan does not appear
to be pervasive, but limited to sites that authorities deem to publish
"subversive content" and incite violence. Locals report that the media
operate in a state of fear, and most forms of censorship are currently
non-digital (involving the intimidation, jailing, and killing of
journalists). Self-censorship may therefore be one of the most effective
forms of censorship in South Sudan today.
That said, the fact that South Sudan has already started implementing
internet censorship raises questions as to whether its internet
censorship apparatus will expand as internet penetration levels increase
and political events unfold.
Our study shares some initial observations based on OONI network
measurements. If you're interested in expanding upon this research, you
can do so through the use of OONI Probe
( and OONI data
Please share this study with your contacts:
Thanks for reading!

@_date: 2018-08-16 19:51:53
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report: The State of Internet Censorship in Venezuela 
Today Venezuela Inteligente, IPYS Venezuela and OONI jointly published a
research report examining internet censorship in Venezuela.
Our research report is available here:
Our study is based on the analysis of hundreds of thousands of OONI
Probe network measurements collected from multiple local vantage points
over the last 4 years.
Key findings include:
1. Media censorship: A number of independent media websites are
blocked (primarily by means of DNS tampering) by (at least) 4 Venezuelan
ISPs. These include El Pitazo and El Nacional, two of Venezuela's major,
independent news outlets known for reporting extensively on corruption
(and other political issues). All 3 of El Pitazo's domains
(elpitazo.info, elpitazo.com, elpitazo.ml) were found to be blocked
across ISPs (possibly in an attempt to reinforce the censorship).
Over the last days, state-owned CANTV appears to have started blocking
investigative journalism site armando.info as well (by means of HTTP
blocking). This though requires further testing, since some measurements
aren't consistent.
2. Blogs expressing political criticism, Zello (heavily used by
protesters), and a number of currency exchange websites were found to be
blocked. This suggests that internet censorship in Venezuela may be a
symptom of its economic and political crisis.
3. Tor blocking: We were able to confirm the blocking of the Tor
network and obfs4 by state-owned CANTV through OONI measurements and
through a number of additional tests and experiments. Our report shares
relevant data (in tsv files). The blocking started about two months ago,
and appears to be ongoing.
Overall, internet censorship in Venezuela doesn't appear to be
centralized, since different ISPs were found to adopt different
censorship techniques and censor different platforms. Moreover, ISPs
don't always appear to roll out the same censorship in all regions (for
example, CANTV appears to block armando.info in Caracas, but not in
other states).
The recent blocking of Tor and (more) independent media sites signifies
that internet censorship in Venezuela is potentially becoming more
pervasive. Further research and testing is therefore required.
You can expand upon our study through the use of OONI Probe
( and OONI data
Thanks for reading!

@_date: 2018-02-07 17:27:52
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New post on mining OONI data 
OONI's Leonid published a post today which explains how to mine OONI
data via Amazon S3 buckets and other sources:
As you may already know, OONI data is publicly available via OONI
Explorer and the OONI API ( but these
resources currently present various limitations.
If you're interested in downloading the full batch of raw OONI data
faster, you can do so via the ooni-data Amazon S3 bucket. The post
provides instructions and examples of extracting OONI data from Amazon
S3 buckets.
Instead of downloading all OONI data, you may find it useful to work
with a metadata database to identify the subset of measurements that you
want to download for further processing. In this case, you can get a
PostgreSQL database dump and run SQL queries on it.
Learn more through the post. Happy mining!

@_date: 2018-01-05 13:56:39
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Iran Protests: OONI data confirms censorship events 
OONI just published a report on the analysis of network measurements
collected from (7 networks in) Iran over the last week, confirming the
blocking of Telegram, Instagram, and Facebook Messenger.
This report is available here:
OONI data shows that Iranian ISPs started blocking access to Telegram
and Instagram on 31st December 2017 by means of DNS and TCP blocking.
Irancell (AS44244) however only started blocking access to these
services on 2nd January 2018.
Facebook Messenger was already blocked (by means of DNS tampering),
independently from the recent protests. We previously reported on the
blocking of Facebook Messenger in our last Iran report:
OONI data shows that WhatsApp is accessible in all tested networks in Iran.
Tor Metrics show a spike in Tor usage in Iran on 31st December 2017
(most likely in response to the blocking of Telegram and Instagram), but
a sudden drop thereafter, indicating an increased blocking of the Tor
OONI data corroborates Tor Metrics and suggests that Iranian ISPs
started throttling access to the Tor network on 31st December. Some ISPs
started blocking access to the Tor network on 1st January. But the Tor network appeared to be blocked in all networks
(where measurements were collected) in Iran on 2nd January 2018.
To circumvent the censorship, we recommend the use of obfs4 bridges (particularly since bridge
reachability tests show that they work). We will continue to monitor
the situation.
If you're interested in reproducing these findings in Iran, you can do
so by running OONI Probe: All network measurement data is made publicly available:
All the best,

@_date: 2018-01-16 18:54:31
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New tests included in OONI Probe mobile apps 
Hello Tor world,
The latest release of the OONI Probe mobile apps includes 3 new tests:
1. WhatsApp test: 2. Facebook Messenger test:
3. Telegram test: These tests are designed to measure the blocking of WhatsApp, Facebook
Messenger, and Telegram.
They were already included in the desktop versions of OONI Probe (Linux
and macOS), but now they have also been integrated in the mobile
versions as well (Android and iOS). This means that you can easily run
these tests with the tap of a button (literally) via the OONI Probe
mobile apps!
WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger are frequently blocked in many countries
around the world, while Telegram was recently blocked in Iran.
By running these tests, you can collect network measurement data showing
which ISPs block these apps, how, when, and where. If you're an Android
user, consider enabling the "Run tests automatically" option in the
settings for automatic daily testing.
You can install the OONI Probe mobile apps via the following links:
* Android:
* iOS: Happy to address any questions.

@_date: 2018-07-02 12:58:43
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Report: The State of Internet Censorship in Egypt 
Today OONI and Egypt's AFTE published a joint research report on the
state of internet censorship in Egypt.
* Full report in English:
* Full report in Arabic:
* Summary of the report in English:
 &
* Summary of the report in Arabic:
You may remember that AFTE previously reported on hundreds of websites
being blocked in Egypt.
OONI and AFTE have now joined forces. We conducted a comprehensive study
based on the analysis of OONI Probe measurements collected from multiple
local vantage points over the last year and a half.
More than 1,000 URLs presented signs of network interference, 178 of
which seem to most likely have been consistently blocked throughout the
testing period. The majority of these URLs include media websites, human
rights sites, circumvention tools and sites expressing political criticism.
More than 100 URLs that belong to media organizations were blocked, even
though Egyptian authorities have only officially ordered the blocking of
21 news websites. AFTE interviewed journalists working with Egyptian
media organizations whose websites got blocked to examine the impact of
censorship. Many Egyptian journalists reported that the censorship has
had a severe impact on their work and that some media organizations have
been forced to suspend their operations entirely as a result of
persisting internet censorship.
Egyptian ISPs primarily block sites through the use of Deep Packet
Inspection (DPI) technology that resets connections. In some cases,
instead of RST injection, ISPs drop packets, suggesting a variance in
filtering rules. In other cases, ISPs interfere with the SSL encrypted
traffic between Cloudflare's Point-of-Presence in Cairo and the backend
servers of sites (pshiphon.ca, purevpn.com and ultrasawt.com) hosted
outside of Egypt.
Egyptian ISPs also appear to apply "defense in depth" tactics for
network filtering by adding extra layers of censorship, making
circumvention harder. This is suggested by the blocking of Egypt's
Freedom and Justice Party's (FJP) site, which was blocked by two
different middleboxes, as well as by the blocking of numerous
circumvention tools.
Apart from pervasive levels of internet censorship, Egyptian ISPs were
found to hijack unencrypted HTTP connections and inject redirects to ads
and cryptocurrency mining scripts. We first detected this back in 2016,
when we reported that state-owned Telecom Egypt was hijacking
unencrypted connections to porn sites and redirecting them to ads. The
Citizen Lab significantly expanded upon this research in their latest
Sandvine report. Now, following the analysis of thousands of
measurements collected from the last year and a half, we have enough
evidence to believe that (many) Egyptian ISPs are carrying out an ad
campaign. The affected sites are diverse, including the sites of the
Palestinian Prisoner Society, the Women's Initiative for Gender Justice,
as well as a number of LGBTQI and Israeli sites. Even the sites of the
UN were affected by this ad campaign!
We will continue to monitor internet censorship in Egypt and around the
world. We therefore welcome any feedback you may have.
Thanks for reading!
All the best,

@_date: 2018-07-19 16:10:12
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Survey & Interviews: OONI Probe feedback 
Do you use OONI Probe? We'd love your feedback!
# Survey
We're excited to hear more about your experience with OONI Probe so that
we can meet your needs in future releases!
Please take a few minutes to complete our survey:
Alternatively, you can fill out the survey using Tor's self-hosted
version of it:
# Interview
The OONI team is currently working on revamping the OONI Probe mobile
apps to improve their usability, design, and include some new features
based on community requests.
By participating in a **10-15 minute interview**, you can gain a sneak
peak into the new OONI Probe mobile apps and provide feedback on our
If you're interested in being interviewed, please notify us via the
above survey or by emailing me.
Learn more through our blog post:
Thanks for your time. Your feedback will help us improve OONI Probe for
a global community measuring internet censorship!

@_date: 2018-07-31 13:28:21
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report: Social media disruptions in Mali amid 2018 
Last Sunday, social media was reportedly inaccessible in Mali amid
presidential elections.
Today, OONI published a short report providing network measurement data
that corroborates local reports on the blocking of social media during
the elections.
Our report is available here:
Daily OONI network measurements have been collected from Mali for more
than a year, thanks to our local partners. This has allowed us to detect
changes in censorship policies, particularly on the day of Mali's latest
Our main findings can be summarized as follows:
1. Orange Mali (AS30985) appears to have blocked access to WhatsApp
(app and web.whatsapp.com), Twitter, guardianproject.info and
anonymizer.ru in the evening of 29th July 2018 (election day). These
platforms had previously been accessible (pretty much) every day over
the last year in this network (strongly suggesting that they were
temporarily blocked).
2. Measurements collected from SOTELMA (AS21271) don't show signs of
internet censorship on 29th July 2018. Therefore, social media sites
(and circumvention tool sites) weren't blocked by all ISPs on Mali's
election day.
If you're interested in expanding upon this study (particularly as
political events in Mali unfold), you can do so through the use of OONI
Probe ( and OONI data
Thanks for reading!
All the best,

@_date: 2018-06-11 09:38:37
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report: Status of Internet Freedom in Nigeria 
Hello Tor world,
Today OONI and Nigeria's Paradigm Initiative published a joint research
report: "Tightening the Noose on Freedom of Expression: 2018 Status of
Internet Freedom in Nigeria".
* Full report: * Summary: * OONI censorship findings:
This report examines surveillance and internet censorship in Nigeria,
the latter based on OONI Probe network measurements:
Most of the sites found to be blocked are associated with content on the
secession agitations for Biafra in Eastern Nigeria.
These sites were blocked by (at least) 3 Nigerian ISPs: MTN, Globacom,
and Airtel. MTN appears to be blocking sites by means of DNS tampering,
while Globacom blocks sites by means of TCP/IP blocking, and Airtel by
means of HTTP blocking.
News outlet naij.com was temporarily blocked in November 2017, but has
since become accessible.
Most sites and services appear to have been accessible in Nigeria
throughout the testing period, including popular communications
platforms like WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger, and circumvention tools
like Tor. 
Thanks for reading!
All the best,

@_date: 2018-06-29 22:42:08
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report: Unblocking of websites in Ethiopia 
============================== START ==============================
OONI and Access Now published a joint report today, verifying the
unblocking of websites in Ethiopia based on network measurement data.
You can read our report here: We quite rarely see governments unblocking hundreds of websites in one
go, and we even more rarely report on the unblocking of sites.
Given that Ethiopia has experienced quite pervasive levels of internet
censorship over the last decade, the unblocking of sites is a major event.
An official list, however, detailing the 264 sites that are reportedly
unblocked has not been published yet (to our knowledge). We therefore
tested the sites that were previously known to be blocked in Ethiopia
(based on our previous research).
OONI data shows that most of the sites previously found to be blocked in
Ethiopia are now indeed unblocked.
Many thanks to volunteers running OONI Probe in Ethiopia, thus making
this research possible!
And thanks for reading!

@_date: 2018-11-12 13:09:27
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [New report] Uganda's Social Media Tax through the lens 
Today, in collaboration with our Ugandan partners, DefendDefenders, OONI
co-published a new research report: "Uganda's Social Media Tax through
the lens of network measurements".
Our research report is available via:
* OONI site: * DefendDefenders site:
As of 1st July 2018, Uganda has introduced a new OTT (Over The Top) tax
-  commonly referred to as the Social Media Tax - which requires people
in Uganda to pay taxes to the government in order to access several
online social media platforms. Unless this tax is paid, access to these
specific social media platforms is blocked.
Civil society groups in Uganda have expressed concern that this new
Social Media Tax will affect marginalized communities the most.
Thanks to OONI Probe users in Uganda, internet censorship has been
measured in the country since 2014 (previously enabling the detection
and examination of social media censorship during the 2016 elections).
In light of the new OTT tax, we joined forces with DefendDefenders to
test the taxed social media platforms and to run a series of
experiments, testing VPN blocking as well.
Our key findings include:
* Ugandan ISPs primarily implement internet censorship by means of HTTP
blocking, resetting connections to taxed and banned sites.
* MTN appears to block Twitter, Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, and
Snapchat by means of TCP/IP blocking. The TCP/IP blocking of Snapchat
may have caused collateral damage, possibly affecting thousands of sites
hosted on the same CDN. However, even if this is the case, it doesn't
affect most MTN users since MTN's proxy circumvents IP-level blocking.
* Social media censorship varies across ASNs. Africell, for example,
attempts to block Telegram, while MTN doesn't. Different social media
sites were blocked by different ISPs. Some Ugandan ISPs don't block
access to social media sites at all (such as Smile Communications and
state-owned Uganda Telecom).
* The blocking of circumvention tool sites also varies across ASNs. MTN
blocks access to VPN servers using the OpenVPN protocol and to
torproject.org, but not to the Tor network.
The above findings are based on the collection and analysis of OONI
network measurements from multiple local vantage points in Uganda:
To reproduce and expand upon our study, you can:
1. Run OONI Probe: 2. Use OONI Run to test the sites of your choice: 3. Download OONI data for your own analysis: Warm thanks to all the volunteers in Uganda who have run OONI Probe,
making this research possible!

@_date: 2019-02-27 10:39:58
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cuba report on media censorship amid constitutional 
============================== START ==============================
We published a new research report on the blocking of independent media
in Cuba amid the constitutional referendum last Sunday:
Some key findings include:
* Independent media Tremenda Nota (which covers women's rights, LGBTQI
and other human rights issues in Cuba) was blocked on the eve of the
* We observe that many other independent media websites (which have been
pushing for a "no" vote) were blocked leading up to and during the
referendum as well
* Cuba's only ISP (ETECSA) has changed its censorship techniques: they
have switched from serving blank block pages to now implementing
IP-based blocking, thus censoring access to websites that support HTTPS
as well
* ETECSA continues though to serve blank block pages for sites that have
not added HTTPS support
* Some media sites may have previously been blocked by Deep Packet
Inspection (DPI) technology, but they are now IP-blocked
* Some media sites were temporarily unblocked in January 2019 (and the
means of blocking changed thereafter), suggesting that ETECSA may have
made changes to its censorship equipment around that time
In the report, we share a graph (based on openly available OONI data)
which shows how the blocking of media changed in Cuba over the last ~2
It seems that the OONI website (ooni.io) is now blocked in Cuba as well,
but ooni.torproject.org remains accessible.
We thank OONI Probe users in Cuba who made this study possible!
All the best,
OONI team.

@_date: 2019-01-14 22:04:53
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] OONI Probe Mobile 2.0 Launched! 
The OONI team is thrilled to announce the launch of OONI Probe mobile 2.0!
To install the app:
* Android:
* iOS: If you already have the OONI Probe mobile app installed, just update to
the latest version.
Some highlights from the new app include:
* Major UI overhaul => New design and UX!
* Enhanced Website Testing => (a) You can test the websites of your
choice directly inside the app, (b) You can choose which categories of
sites (e.g. media, human rights, etc.) to test, (c) You can test
country-specific websites (in addition to internationally-relevant ones)
* Overview of Test Results => You can view, at a glance, what's
happening on your network & easily compare results
* Data usage tracking
Learn all about the revamped OONI Probe mobile app through our
announcement blog post:
Today's launch wouldn't have been possible without all the extremely
valuable community feedback provided over the years (since the initial
launch in February 2017), as well as during recent usability studies.
We'd therefore like to thank you.
A big thanks also goes to all the OONI Probe 2.0 beta testers who
provided very useful feedback as we were working towards the release!
We'd also like to thank the Localization Lab and all the translators who
generously translated the OONI Probe mobile app to the following 15
languages: Chinese, Taiwanese, Arabic, Farsi, Hindi, Russian, Turkish,
Spanish, Catalan, French, Portuguese, Italian, German, Greek, Albanian.
Finally, we'd like to thank the OTF for supporting the development of
OONI Probe since the very beginning.
We hope you find the revamped app useful to your research and advocacy
Please help spread the word:
Warm thanks,
~ The OONI team.

@_date: 2019-01-30 10:22:00
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New report: Blocking of Wikipedia & Social Media in 
In collaboration with Venezuela Inteligente, IPYS Venezuela & DFRLab, we
just published a new research report, titled: "From the blocking of
Wikipedia to Social Media: Venezuela's Political Crisis".
Our joint report is available via the following links:
* OONI site:
* VI site: * IPYS site:
We share OONI data on recent, politically-motivated cases of internet
censorship in Venezuela, starting off with the blocking of Wikipedia, to
then sharing data on the recent blocking of Instagram, Twitter and
YouTube. We also examine network anomalies that occurred during last
week's protests, which show that some Google IPs might have temporarily
been blocked. OONI data findings were further corroborated through
manual curl testing, in collaboration with Venezuela Inteligente.
Our findings show that Venezuelan ISPs have started to rely on more
advanced censorship techniques, beyond DNS-based censorship, as
state-owned CANTV is implementing SNI-based filtering as well. This
follows years of increased censorship events, as documented in our
previous research report:
We observe a strong correlation between recent political events and
internet censorship in Venezuela (explained comprehensively in our
latest report). The situation remains tense and as political events
unfold, the public can monitor censorship events through the use of OONI
Probe ( and OONI data (
We thank all OONI Probe users in Venezuela who made this study possible.
Please share our research with your networks:
~ OONI team.

@_date: 2019-09-12 21:20:38
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Launched: Next Generation OONI Explorer! 
Today, the OONI team is thrilled to announce the public launch of the
revamped, next generation OONI Explorer!
Access the new OONI Explorer here: Learn all about the next generation OONI Explorer here:
OONI Explorer is an open data resource on internet censorship around the
Since 2012, OONI Probe users ( have contributed
280 million measurements from more than 17,000 networks in 233 countries

@_date: 2020-07-03 21:56:34
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Event - Internet Measurement Village 2020 
Hello friends,
The 2020 edition of the Internet Measurement Village just ended!
Warm thanks to all IMV presenters for sharing their important work with
the community!
Special thanks to everyone who tuned in and shared
If you missed any presentations, no worries! You can watch them all on
our YouTube channel: You can also find & interact with many of the presenters (and other
community members) on the OONI Slack channel: We're eager to hear back from you, as your feedback will help us host
better events in the future!
Please take a few minutes to complete our survey:
Thanks a bunch,
~ OONI team.

@_date: 2020-07-08 20:33:02
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [Report] Investigating TLS blocking in India 
Today OONI and India's Centre for Internet & Society (CIS) published a
joint report investigating TLS blocking in India.
You can read the report here: This investigation sought to understand whether there were cases of TLS
blocking that were not only caused by the value of the Server Name
Indication (SNI) field in the ClientHello TLS message, but also by the
destination IP address. This was part of our efforts to expand our SNI
blocking methodology (discussed here:
To this end, we wrote and ran a series of experiements (that will
eventually be integrated into the OONI Probe measurement engine) to
measure the blocking of four domains (facebook.com, google.com,
collegehumor.com, and pornhub.com) on three popular Indian ISPs: ACT
Fibernet (fixed line), Bharti Airtel, and Reliance Jio (mobile).
We recorded SNI-based blocking on both Bharti Airtel and Reliance Jio.
We also discovered that Reliance Jio blocks TLS traffic not just based
on the SNI value, but also on the web server involved with the TLS
We also noticed that ACT Fibernet?s DNS resolver directs users towards
servers owned by ACT Fibernet itself. Such servers caused the TLS
handshake to fail, but the root cause of censorship was the DNS.
We also found that one of the tested endpoints (for
collegehumor.com:443) does not allow establishing a TCP connection from
several vantage points and control measurements. Yet, in Reliance Jio,
we saw cases where the connections to such endpoints completed
successfully and a timeout occured during the TLS handshake. This is
likely caused by some kind of proxy that terminates the TCP connection
and performs the TLS handshake.
Please share our research with your networks:
~ OONI team.

@_date: 2020-07-29 13:30:34
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Slides & Video Recordings: Internet Measurement Village 
Hello friends,
Over the last month (between 10th June 2020 to 3rd July 2020), we
organized and hosted the first virtual Internet Measurement Village
(IMV), which featured 18 presentations on internet measurement projects,
censorship measurement efforts, advocacy efforts fighting internet
shutdowns, and censorship circumvention tool projects.
As all the IMV sessions were live-streamed and will continue to live on
the OONI YouTube channel ( we hope
that these recordings will serve as a valuable resource on internet
measurement for the internet freedom community.
We published a blog post where we share the video recording & slides of
each IMV presentation: Please help share these resources:
Warm thanks to the IMV presenters for sharing their important work with
the community! Special thanks to everyone who tuned in and shared
questions, comments, and resources.
All the best,

@_date: 2020-07-29 19:50:14
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Slides & Video Recordings: Internet Measurement 
============================== START ==============================
Thanks for your feedback.
The middlebox tests are still included in the OONI Probe apps -- we just
moved them under the Performance card. They are among the default tests
run when you tap "Run" in the OONI Probe mobile app.
We are working on expanding our methodologies, and we will soon ship new
tests. You can read about some of our new experiments in our latest
reports: You can run OONI Probe on Linux via the OONI Probe Command Line
Interface (CLI): Over the next few months, we will also be working on creating official
Linux packages for OONI Probe.?
On mobile, OONI Probe is also available on f-droid:
Given that our goal is to increase global measurement coverage in order
to better detect censorship events around the world, we are working
towards making OONI Probe available for more platforms and easier to use
by human rights defenders.
In short, we're trying to move beyond being a niche tech project for
techies, because human rights defenders are best-positioned to use OONI
data to defend a free and open internet.

@_date: 2020-06-05 20:28:26
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Event - Internet Measurement Village 2020 
Hello friends,
We're excited to host the first online Internet Measurement Village.
Learn all about it here:
This is an online event that starts next Wednesday, 10th June 2020 and
ends on Friday, 3rd July 2020.
The schedule is available here:
Almost every day, we will live-stream presentations on:
* Internet measurement projects (those that measure internet censorship,
internet performance, and internet outages)
* Local censorship measurement projects (in Venezuela, Ukraine, and
Southeast Asia)
* Advocacy efforts against internet shutdowns (globally and in West Africa)
* Censorship circumvention tool projects -- including Tor!
All presentations will be live-streamed on the OONI YouTube channel:
We will include a live chat in the stream so that you can ask presenters
Please help spread the word:

@_date: 2020-06-15 11:08:40
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Event - Internet Measurement Village 2020 
Hello friends,
This week we have many exciting presentations lined up!
Tune in to the OONI YouTube channel (
to watch live-streamed presentations on:
* M-Lab: Measuring Internet Performance => Monday, 15th June 2020 at
14:00 UTC
* How to detect outages with Mozilla telemetry => Tuesday, 16th June
2020 at 14:00 UTC
* RIPE Internet Measurements => Wednesday, 17th June 2020 at 14:00 UTC
* KeepItOn campaign: Advocating against Internet shutdowns => Thursday,
18th June 2020 at 14:00 UTC
* Circumventing Internet Censorship with Psiphon => Friday, 19th June
2020 at 14:00 UTC
Please mark your calendars! And bring your questions, as a live chat is
included for each presentation. :)
Further information about the Internet Measurement Village (including
the full schedule) is available here:

@_date: 2020-06-22 11:14:45
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Event - Internet Measurement Village 2020 
Hello friends,
Today, another week of Internet Measurement Village 2020 begins, and we
have many exciting presentations lined up!
Tune in to the OONI YouTube channel (
to watch live-streamed presentations on:
* Advocating against Internet shutdowns in West Africa => Monday, 22nd
June 2020 at 14:00 UTC
* Measuring Internet Censorship in Southeast Asia => Tuesday, 23rd June
2020 at 09:00 UTC
* How we tried to establish a nationwide Internet censorship measurement
system in Ukraine => Wednesday, 24th June 2020 at 14:00 UTC
* Coordinaci?n de la medici?n de la censura en Venezuela => Thursday,
25th June 2020 at 14:00 UTC
* Censored Planet: Measuring Internet censorship remotely => Friday,
26th June 2020 at 14:00 UTC
Please mark your calendars! And bring your questions for the live chat. :)
Further information about the Internet Measurement Village (including
the full schedule) is available here:

@_date: 2020-06-29 12:36:12
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Event - Internet Measurement Village 2020 
Hello friends,
This is the LAST week of the 2020 Internet Measurement Village & we have
6 more exciting presentations lined up!
Tune in to the OONI YouTube channel (
to watch live-streamed presentations on:
* Internet Censorship, DNS poisoning and Phishing in Venezuela =>
Monday, 29th June 2020 at 14:00 UTC
* Circumventing Internet Censorship with Tor => Tuesday, 30th June 2020
at 14:00 UTC
* ICLab: Measuring Internet Censorship => Wednesday, 1st July 2020 at
14:00 UTC
* Circumventing Internet Censorship with TunnelBear => Thursday, 2nd
July 2020 at 14:00 UTC
* Geneva: Evolving Censorship Evasion => Thursday, 2nd July 2020 at
17:00 UTC
* IODA: Examining Internet blackouts through open data => Friday, 3rd
July 2020 at 17:00 UTC
As you will notice, we have 2 sessions scheduled on Thursday, 2nd July
2020, including an exciting addition to the schedule (the Geneva session).
Please mark your calendars! And bring your questions for the live chat. :)
Further information about the Internet Measurement Village (including
the full schedule) is available here:

@_date: 2020-06-29 19:12:14
@_author: Maria Xynou 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Test Tor & Psiphon with OONI Probe Mobile 2.5! 
Hello friends,
We're super excited to share that OONI Probe Mobile 2.5 is out!
Why is this so exciting?
1) Circumvention tool testing => The latest release includes OONI Probe
tests for measuring the blocking of Tor & Psiphon!
2) 5 new languages => Thanks to the Localization Lab community, the OONI
Probe mobile app is now also available in Indonesian, Thai, Romanian,
Slovak, and Icelandic (in total, the OONI Probe mobile app is now
available in 20 languages!)
Please update to the latest version: And help spread the word:
~ OONI team.
