
@_date: 2013-08-07 13:21:52
@_author: Ivan Zaigralin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR bundle on hostile platforms: why? 
A recent discussion on Slashdot compelled me to make a suggestion for the
TOR community. Please forgive me if I come across sounding too harsh: this
is only because I am attempting to critique a very large part of what the
project is doing. At any rate, I have no personal stake in the way TOR is
developed or distributed, and will remain a happy and grateful user
regardless of how this discussion continues.
I think that TOR developers are making a grave mistake by providing the TOR
bundle for platforms which are not only insecure by design, but are outright
hostile to the user. Both MS Windows and OS X can be safely assumed to spy on
all actions taken by users, and so TOR project shouldn't claim that using TOR
bundle on these platforms provides a means of communication that is either
secure or private. Claiming that TOR can achieve any of its primary design
goals on these platforms is misinformed at best, and edges on dishonesty.
In my view, MS Windows and OS X bundles should be discontinued for the sake of
safety, security, and privacy of TOR users. Today, the users are being misled
into thinking that their communications are private, even though there is a
fair chance that MS Windows already includes code designed specifically to
intercept local TOR traffic. Moreover, all TOR users should be told up-front
that running TOR on top of a fully or partially non-free OS makes about as much
sense as installing a vault door in a house without walls. Even running TOR
alongside (unprivileged) non-free apps should be frowned upon, given a generous
amount of local exploits found in even the best free OSes.

@_date: 2013-08-07 15:06:52
@_author: Ivan Zaigralin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR bundle on hostile platforms: why? 
Since I couldn't find an official list of design goals for TOR, I
assumed that it is primarily intended to do whatever the project
claims it can do. If you can point me in the direction of an existing
list, I'll gladly analyze it as well.
I will use MS Windows as an example, but it goes for any non-free OS.
It doesn't, since Microsoft can survey all outgoing and incoming
traffic in plain text.
On the contrary, Microsoft has the capability to survey all Windows-powered TOR
nodes and make a complete table of who is hosting what.
Each Windows host added to the network is a TOR node which is directly under
control of Microsoft. Thus adding more Windows hosts decreases the security
for everyone.

@_date: 2013-08-07 16:54:07
@_author: Ivan Zaigralin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR bundle on hostile platforms: why? 
You want evidence? Are you serious? You are telling me you fully trust
Microsoft by default, until you are given evidence to their concrete
A built-in backdoor is quite likely, since no one believes they will
be prosecuted after the SONY rootkit fallout. But we don't have to
wage on that, we know exactly how they are doing this right now.
We all know Microsoft reports vulnerabilities to the feds. We all know
Microsoft takes years to fix vulnerabilities. So the feds, and anyone
with deep enough pockets can buy them. So we can safely assume that
every big police organization in every developed country has a Windows
remote. This kind of defeats the purpose of running TOR, eh?
I don't want to make a big deal out of this. I am just saying: what
TOR Bundle claims to do (hide the user from traffic analysis) cannot be done
on Windows with any reliability. So at the very least the project should
disclaim that. Indeed, it seems probable that the people
you would want to treat as the most dangerous adversaries (the law
enforcement) are in the best position to render TOR completely useless,
and probably already have. The list of "hidden" Windows hosts?
They have it now. These are the same people who were saving every
SMS and every email and every everything for more than 10 years now,
and will continue to do so for a while.
To drive the point even further: would you consider suggesting that users
should run TOR from a public terminal in an Internet cafe or a library?
If not, you should reconsider your position on Windows and OS X, since
they have the same exact problem: the user simply does not have complete
control over the machine, and the other parties with direct access
are rather hostile.

@_date: 2013-08-07 17:18:31
@_author: Ivan Zaigralin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR bundle on hostile platforms: why? 
I don't need to cite references, and I don't need to provide proof.
I am not judging Microsoft here, but pointing out a security risk factor.
TOR Projects spent so much time analyzing detected and imagined
attack patterns and defending against them, DNS resolution being a great
example. And all this work that went into repelling a sophisticated attacker
is really paying off right now.
What I am talking about is a trivial attack, technically trivial. The feds
(at least in US and in Russia) have a complete list of unpatched Windows
vulnerabilities. They also have crackers on staff. It is, therefore,
trivial for them to survey Windows machines. It doesn't matter anymore
whether they are actually doing so (they do). What matters is that they
can do so trivially. And users need to be made secure from this very
plausible attack.

@_date: 2013-08-08 09:14:21
@_author: Ivan Zaigralin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR bundle on hostile platforms: why? 
True enough, but I think the risk is much higher for proprietary software.
The law enforcement tends to know about vulnerabilities before anyone else, and
the holes may stay unpatched for weeks, months, or years, simply because of
incompetence or ill will on behalf of the vendor. And then there is the
monoculture factor.
OTOH, to get a Linux remote going, one needs to get lucky first and discover
a zero-day before kernel devs do, and after that it's still a crapshoot, with
all the different kernel versions and configs out there.
In conclusion, thanks for listening to my rants everyone. I enjoyed this
discussion way more than the one on Slashdot, where my argument got steamrolled
by fanboy mods, or may be even NSA drones.
