
@_date: 2007-05-18 06:39:42
@_author: mfolimun@elitemail.org 
@_subject: Exit-node keeps .$mynode.exit in dns name 
Interesting. I too run a squid cache, set up extremely similar to yours (temporary key, fs rebuilt at reboot). Since it is much easier to rate limit upstream rather than downstream, I find it is beneficial to reduce my downstream of the tor node to be consistently below my upstream so that other services on the
box are not choked out.
How do you plan on configuring the header stripping though? I saw
 and  which both look like they can do the job, but I worry running sketchy external programs may be both a performance drain and a security risk. Squid seems to have plans for adding this support built-in in 3.0, so I was kinda hoping to just ignore the problem and hope it goes away :)
Also, how do you set it to pass through non-http traffic? Does
the transparent proxy support of squid do this automagically?
It seems to me there might be no way for squid to know where
to send the traffic without help from Tor... Maybe Tor can provide a ServerHttpProxy option for chaining a non-transparent http proxy after your tor node (for specific ports/IP ranges)? This should fix it (since there would always be an HTTP CONNECT issued to the correct IP by Tor), and may have use in other situations also..

@_date: 2010-06-27 04:17:15
@_author: Mondior Folimun 
@_subject: Automated threat messages force limitation of Exit Policy 
I also allow 465 and 563. Those are used by authenticated SMTPS and
So far, I have not received any spam abuse complaints from them, after
running a 10Mbit+ exit for the past 2-3 years (though I do occasionally
get web spam abuse complaints).
There's also the chat ports: 1863 (MSN), 5190 (aim), 5050 (yahoo), 5222-
5223 (xmpp/gchat). Those haven't given me any problems either.

@_date: 2011-11-12 21:50:59
@_author: Mondior Folimun 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor in Mexico 
Possibly not. The man they killed might actually have no relation to the
note they left on him.
If you're a ruthless ex-military organized crime outfit that has decided
to wage a war of intimidation on the populace, you don't need to let
silly things like "evidence" or "the truth" stop you from killing random
people to leave corpses with notes on them around town.
To be on the safe side, someone who speaks Spanish should create a fake
email account and make sure these people know about Tor Bridges. If the
Zetas are as reckless as they seem, it might not be too long before any
Tor user who directly accesses the Tor network from the area is in
danger, regardless of what they use Tor for.
But of course, the Zetas could also just continue killing complete
randoms, too... Certainly requires less effort on their end.
P.S. It continues to sadden and amaze me that the moral crusade against
drugs can be allowed to claim so much life before people admit to
themselves it is a fake war not worth fighting. As has been
demonstrated time and time again, artificial supply reduction just
creates violence, corruption, and even terrorism. How many times do
we humans have to learn this fact? How many of ourselves must we
sacrifice on the alter of Moral Temperance? If there is a god, it
is certainly no more amused by the activity of either side than by
sun sacrifices or witch burnings..

@_date: 2011-11-16 00:39:57
@_author: Mondior Folimun 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor in Mexico 
Isn't this exactly the situation for which bridges were designed? For
when your opponent has full control of your upstream and really wants to stop you from using Tor?
China has had success enumerating and blocking bridges, so bridges are
obviously not bulletproof. So far, I think they are the only ones able
to block bridges reliably. A few countries have blocked the public Tor
network, though.
Therefore, it would seem that bridges are much safer than using normal
Tor, and normal Tor is in turn much safer than accessing the websites

@_date: 2011-11-16 01:33:30
@_author: Mondior Folimun 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor in Mexico 
On Wednesday, November 16, 2011 12:08 AM, "Gozu-san" Prudent, yes.. But the product of probabilities of all of these events
seems low once you tack on bridge enumeration. Enumerating bridges is a
statistics game. You can only get a subset of them, which represents
your probability of finding a particular bridge user. Additionally, it
is possible to create unpublished bridges that are not available to the
public for discovery or use and share them directly with those in need.
I think that is why we're seeing random killings. If the Zetas have
these sorts of Internet surveillance capabilities, they don't seem to
always be inclined to pay the cost for their use if it is possible to
create fear without them.
I do think they may decide to change this policy, but most likely they
will find someone who is connecting to their target blogs directly and
torture or make an example out of them rather than going after Tor
bridge users. Tor bridge users will be much more expensive endeavor, and
killing a repeat blog commenter/user will have just as much if not more
effect to demonstrate their power. :/
