
@_date: 2008-10-28 15:19:20
@_author: Grozdan 
@_subject: IRC problems with Tor 
I recently started using Tor and Privoxy on Linux and so far everything is working like it should. However I'm having one small problem. Whenever I try to connect to irc.freenode.org port 6667, I always get the below message
-leguin.freenode.net- *** Banned:  Tor freenode is hidden-service-only (mejokbp2brhw4omd.onion) - see freenode.net/irc_servers.shtml.
[error] Closing Link: 127.0.0.1 (Banned)
I then went to the freenode site and looked up information on how to make freenode work with Tor. In the documentation, it said to add the below line to my torrc file - mapaddress  10.40.40.40  mejokbp2brhw4omd.onion
and then to restart Tor, which I did. But I keep getting the same response from freenode and it doesn't allow me to connect
I'm using Konversation as IRC client on KDE. Konversation itself doesn't have proxy settings, but instead uses the global proxy settings of KDE. My KDE is configured to use privoxy/tor for its connections and it works without a problem. I also tried another IRC client (XChat) but I get the same response from freenode. Does anyone know how to resolve this problem?
Thanks in advance

@_date: 2008-10-28 17:25:54
@_author: Grozdan 
@_subject: IRC problems with Tor 
OK, so I did that. Replaced irc.freenode.net with 10.40.40.40 but then I get a lost connection message and it still doesn't connect
I then stopped privoxy and tor, removed them from the boot service, reconfigured KDE to use direct internet connection and rebooted my computer. After login, I setup my IRC client to use the old irc.freenode.net address instead of 10.40.40.40 and restarted the client. But again, freenode is thinking I'm still using tor and refuses to give me access. This is a bit strange to me as neither tor nor privoxy are working at the moment. Why does freenode still says I'm using tor? Also, I went to the Tor detector (  ) and eventhough both tor and privoxy are disabled, it still says I'm using tor, but it does show my original IP, not a torified one
