
@_date: 2007-11-14 15:22:29
@_author: Mirko Thiesen 
@_subject: court trial against me - the outcome 
Good morning,
I've been operating a Tor node (NetWorkXXIII) for quite some years now
(although it was down for several months as it was facing repeated DDoS
attacks earlier this year).
In June the local police informed me about preliminary proceedings against
me by asking me (by mail) to "visit" them. The letter mentioned computer
fraud (actually it was "Computerbetrug in Tateinheit mit Faelschung
beweiserheblicher Daten gemaess Paragrafen 263a, 269, 52 StGB"), but since I
hadn't done anything I followed the general advice in such situations: You
have the right to remain silent. Use it. So I decided not to go to the
police - if you haven't done anything and you don't even have a clue what
they are talking about, it usually can only get worse. Apart from that, the
day they wanted me to come I was not even in town.
In early September I received a penalty order ("Strafbefehl") - from the
court. A judge found me guilty of having ordered a gift voucher (value: 51
EUR) on amazon.de, providing address details of a living person (but not
myself obviously), and using a Web.de email address registered specifically
for this purpose. I was sentenced to pay a fine of 500 EUR.
Because I hadn't ordered the voucher, I appealed ("form- und fristgerechter
Einspruch") to that penalty order, which led - according to German laws - to
an actual trial. This trial was held today.
While the penalty order listed four witnesses (the person whose address
details had been used, a police officer in a cow town near that person's
home hometown, a local police officer, and an employee of amazon.de), the
summoning ("Ladung") to the actual trial didn't list any witnesses at all. I
had been a lay assessor ("Schoeffe") for four years in Germany (but in a
different part of the country), so I knew that this usually would be a good
sign as the judge(s) during the actual trial wouldn't have much more than
the defendant's testimony (and of course the records) to rely on.
Well, it turned out to be the exact opposite of what I had expected. They
had absolutely no doubts that I was at least somehow guilty. I explained in
great detail what Tor is and what it is used for, and the judge asked me:
"Is this illegal?" Wow - shouldn't she know?! I replied "No, of course not.
Otherwise I wouldn't do it." The judge and the public prosecutor realized soon that I probably wasn't the
originator of the transaction in question. But instead of realizing the
faults of the police and the public prosecutor's department (German laws say
that they have to investigate *all* aspects of a crime and not just find
someone that seems to be somehow guilty at first sight), they tried to
construct a case of aiding and abetting ("Beihilfe") - they insisted that I
most probably set up my node in  order to help people committing crimes. Or
at least I accepted that people would commit crimes using my Tor node. I
asked "What about a postal service that delivers i.e. a bomb or a blackmail
letter? Do they help people committing crimes as well?" They said that these
two things could not be compared as a postal service offers transportation
services whereas I offer anonymization services.
To make a long story short: The judge as well as the public prosecutor
refused to accept that I didn't do anything  criminal, that I didn't and
still don't want to help anyone committing a crime (at least not more than
i.e.  does), and that they should have investigated
the issue further beforehand.
They offered me to dismiss the actual court trial according to paragraph 153
StPO which is not the same as an acquittal (no "Freispruch") which I
eventually accepted. It means, however, that I won't have to pay for the
trial. They also repeatedly said that this time I got off with just a slap
on the wrist - next time it wouldn't be that cheap.
Yeah, and that's it. I am completely disappointed by the way this court
trial was held. I don't know if this is how they usually do it here in
Southern Germany. When I was a lay assessor, we always treated the
defendants with some kind of respect - not only but especially if there was
no actual evidence that they had committed a crime. But the public
prosecutor as well as the judge both repeatedly showed me their disrespect -
because I didn't confess anything, because I was not thankful for their
offer, because I still operate this criminal thing they obviously had no
clue about.
Okay, signing off for now.
Bye, K&K,

@_date: 2007-11-14 16:43:07
@_author: Mirko Thiesen 
@_subject: court trial against me - the outcome 
Well, they failed to understand the problem - and the actual crime commited.
Saying that I helped a criminal by running a Tor node is like saying
Deutsche Telekom helps criminals by providing telephone lines to them. It's
like saying that American Airlines and United Airlines helped attacking the
World Trade Center - after all *they* provided the aircrafts and thus the
weapons which were used in order to attack the WTC. The latter example shows
how stupid and braindead this argumentation is.
Seriously, the actual crime was ordering something on amazon.de and entering
someone else's address details. The crime was not using an anonymization or
any kind of proxy at all. If the person who actually placed the order had
not used Tor, the police could have possibly tracked them down. But would
they have accused the actual criminal's ISP of aiding and abetting then? I
don't think so. Frell, of course not!
Bye, K&K,

@_date: 2007-11-15 11:26:08
@_author: Mirko Thiesen 
@_subject: court trial against me - the outcome 
This is a common procedure here for smaller offenses. AFAIK it is often used
if people appeal to fines resulting of speed tickets and the like.
The most important purpose of this procedure is that "they" don't want to
hold a real trial and thus save money. It's usually just not worthwile to do
the whole trial dance if the outcome is a fee of let's say 100 EUR or maybe
a warning only.
Yes, this is what the paragraph says. Unfortunately it implies that I am
indeed somehow guilty. I wouldn't have accepted it if the judge and the
public prosecutor hadn't made clear that otherwise they would have tried
really hard to construct this aiding and abetting thing. :-(
Bye, K&K,

@_date: 2007-11-15 12:22:42
@_author: Mirko Thiesen 
@_subject: court trial against me -  
I know these facts. The problem is that obviously neither the judge nor the
public prosecutor knew them. The lesson I learned is that a judge doesn't
like to be told that her opinion a) is not logical and b) does not conform
to the laws she is bound to.
This might be true, but for me the situation is as follows: Currently I live
in this small village called Tuebuingen with a quite clear number of judges
and public prosecutors. See, this is the countryside here. It's not like
Hamburg, Berlin, Koeln. If you fight here, chances are that you might face a
strong opposition. Also, this court (Amtsgericht Tuebingen) is the exact same court that
sentenced a student to pay a fine for wearing a crossed-out(!) swastika not
so long ago. Details can be found here:
 (German
only). It might have even been the same judge as the article mentions a
"Richterin" (female judge) and I suppose there are not that many female
judges here in Tuebingen. With these facts in mind, I decided to agree to
the paragraph 153 thing.
Yes, I might have given up. And I think it will bother me for a long, long
time. After the trial was over yesterday I was so disappointed that I
considerd quitting my job and moving back to Berlin or at least away from
the south. But that would be just an additional punishment for me.
Thanks, but AFAIK there is nothing I can do anymore as a dismissal according
to paragaph 153 can't be appealed to. Maybe contacting these organizations
before the trial was held could have helped. But my impression was that the
people involved were only interested in telling me what a bad person I am
and not in serving up justice.
I mean, look at the facts: Someone ordered an electronic voucher. This
voucher is usually just an email containing some kind of unique database
identifier. Why didn't they just contact amazon.de again and asked them
where they actually sent the goods that were ordered with this voucher to?
And doesn't Web.de here in Germany verify postal addresses of all their
freemail customers by sending them a letter containing a code they have to
enter in order to activate their email account? So why didn't they ask
Web.de for the real address of the person who ordered the voucher?
The answer is as sad as it is disappointing: The just didn't care about the
case itself. They saw that someone commited a crime, and so someone - be it
the right person or not - had to be blamed for it.
In my case the police obviously didn't have a clue about what was going on.
It would have been so easy to figure out that the IP address amazon.de had
in their log files actually belonged to a Tor node. See, I'm not the kind of
person that generally distrusts the police, the government, or any authority
just because they are an authority. I somehow even like the police - they
saved me from trouble lots of years ago. But I don't know if the police
officer who asked me to come by would have understood what I could have told
him. I'm not sure he would have believed me. So I didn't see any chances of
improving the situation for me by talking to the police. However, being the
talkative person I happen to be, I was really afraid of talking me into more
trouble than I was already in. And this is exactly the reason why the
legislator leaves it up to you whether you talk to the police or not.
Looking back, it might have been better to talk to the police in the first
place. But then again - who knows?
Bye, K&K,

@_date: 2007-11-16 11:44:49
@_author: Mirko Thiesen 
@_subject: Thanks! (was: RE: court trial against me - ) 
Good morning,
I just wanted to thank you all for the support you expressed - on-list as
well as off-list. I also appreciate all the good advice I was given,
however, there's not much that can be done anymore - at least in my case. I
agreed to this paragraph 153 thing which, AFAIK, is final. There is no way
to appeal against that.
Many people asked me why I hadn't mandated a lawyer in the first place. The
answer is pretty simple: A lawyer costs money (about 450 EUR in this case),
and no, even in case of an acquittal I would not have been refunded that
money. The reason is that the trial was held at a court of first instance
where there is no obligation to be represented by a lawyer and thus the
costs for a lawyer are never paid by the court (in Germany).
Also I thought I would be able to convince the judge and the public
prosecutor that I was not guilty by giving a reasonable explanation of the
Tor network. But to be honest: I absolutely overestimated my own
capabilities. As a lay assessor I participated in about 40 trials. However,
things look differently once you are the defendant and probably have to bear
some kind of consequences. In the days and weeks before the trial, I had
played it through dozens of times - in my head. Unfortunately the aiding and
abetting thing threw me completely off track during the trial, as did the
fact that they obviously didn't care about me being the wrong person to
punish at all.
For me it was absolutely clear that understanding and accepting that I
hadn't ordered the voucher would lead to an acquittal. Unfortunately they
didn't share my opinion.
Thank you so much for your support again!
Bye, K&K,
