
@_date: 2013-02-19 19:59:24
@_author: Miserly Flyer 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Use 10-Minute E-Mail over Tor to create anonymous 
From: miserlyflyer at yahoo.com (Miserly Flyer)
Sent: Wednesday, February 20, 2013 3:56 AM
Over the past few days, I have been known by another name here on Tor Talk.? That alias has been retired, since some malicious person hacked into my Tor-Yahoo account.
I now have a new Yahoo account, which I created using a 10-Minute E-Mail as the verification account.? The Yahoo account and the verification account were both created over Tor.? We will see if I have any issues.? I think this may be a good method of setting up an anonymous e-mail account for dedicated Tor-only purposes.
- Miserly Flyer

@_date: 2013-02-19 20:15:22
@_author: Miserly Flyer 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Scarp may be wrong about Tor Mail 
"I think Mysterous Flyer is either an idiot or a troll, the fact that
he accuses Google of changing his password, and Tormail, and isn't
even sure whether he forgot his password or not is laughable."
From Me:
You apparently did not read the Mysterious Flyer's entire comment thread.? I think the MF seems very bright (and good-looking too, just based on his comments).? You, scarp, also have a Tor Mail account, so perhaps you are defensive about it.? MF never accused Google of changing his password.? MF had a hater/harrasser who worked at Google, as verified by their IP address.? MF is wondering if the Tor Mail account was the vector through which the Tor-Mail-Created Yahoo account got compromised.? Tor Mail is listed by the Tor Project as a baddie, not a goodie.
MF was also wondering if the hater was the person running around hacking everything.? However, since Tor Mail has now been identified as a general culprit, the hater just moved down on the list of possibilities, while Tor Mail just moved up.? The hater would have to be a very GOOD and dedicated hacker to have done all that.? I think I would like to be friends with the MF.
So there, scarp.?

@_date: 2013-02-24 18:54:44
@_author: Miserly Flyer 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Problem about verify signatures 
The GPG signature verification only works through the command line.? The instructions on the torproject website specifically state that, so I don't think it's a but with anything.? I think it's just a limitation of the software.? If you downloaded over HTTPS and verified the signature, then you should be OK.
 From: namfree123 at gmail.com (Nam Su)
Sent: Sunday, February 24, 2013 9:20 AM
How to verify signatures for packages
When I tried to verify signatures with GPA, gpg frontend, it was failed. I download Tor packages in torproject.org https version.
Strangely, when I tried to verify with GPG command line, it was success. Is it tor's asc file problem? Or is it GPA bug so should I report this problem to GPA project? My feeling is like headache.
I hope my Tor browser file is real.
I'll wait your wise answer. I'll Thank you for answering.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
