
@_date: 2012-05-09 17:56:34
@_author: Elena Johnson 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Basic questions from new user but... 
I have a feeling other newbies might benefit. 3 questions below (if tor-talk is not appropriate for these questions, PLEASE let me know what the appropriate contact is) .
I have read the FAQ's, much documentation, and searched the broader web but still have questions about browsing the internet with Tor (I'm using the whole Tor Browser Bundle):
1) Can I ANONYMOUSLY allow scripts for hotmail, gmail and yahoo mail using Tor browser?          -  hotmail -  I can?t sign in, I get the message:
          "Windows Live ID requires JavaScript to sign in."
          If I allow the script, use https and HTML and sign in then,
               I can use NoScript to go through a series of "allowing scripts" from the following,                but I still can't open the email
                                                                   - gmail: Google requires scripts to create account (I WAS able to access HTML email          without  scripts - very very useful and good, THANKS)
2) If I allow scripts ONE TIME, does that blow my anonymity for ALL TIME or just during that browsing session. In other words, is the info then stored somewhere that can be retroactively analyzed to reveal my IP address?
I had this experience on the Tor site:
- I'm going through the Tor FAQ page and try to link to:
         irc channel
         tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
         help at rt.torproject.org
   -I'm assuming Tor is SAFE but for each of these, I get the MESSAGE:
         "Load external content?
         An external application is needed to handle:
         mailto:help at rt.torproject.org (etc.)
         NOTE: External applications are NOT Tor safe by default and can unmask you!
         If this file is untrusted, you should either save it to view while offline or in a VM,
         or consider using a transparent Tor proxy like Tails LiveCD or torsocks."
    - I'm guessing that YES! i can trust that I can use whatever "external application" will allow me to access these Tor support services, BUT I'M NOT ABSOLUTELY SURE. This leads to my third question:
3) Can I ANONYMOUSLY load "external content" using an "external application"? Does the answer depend on THE SITE I am browsing, the particulars of the "external application" needed, and the specific "external content"?
Thanks very much for your efforts on Tor. It is a much needed service.

@_date: 2012-05-10 18:17:32
@_author: Elena Johnson 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Basic questions from new user but... 
Thank you very much for your time and your reply,
"Why is NoScript configured to allow JavaScript by default in the Tor Browser Bundle? Isn't that unsafe? We configure NoScript to allow JavaScript by default in the Tor
Browser Bundle because many websites will not work with JavaScript
disabled. Most users would give up on Tor entirely if a website
they want to use requires JavaScript, because they would not know
how to allow a website to use JavaScript (or that enabling
JavaScript might make a website work)."
I read this several times before sending in the original question. It implies that allowing JavaScript from within the TBB is safe, but does not explicitly say so.
When I browse using the TBB, NoScript automatically does NOT allow JavaScript for a site, until I tell it to do so (a bit confusing, seemingly contradictory to the FAQ answer above).

@_date: 2012-05-12 16:16:18
@_author: Elena Johnson 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Basic questions from new user but... 
Much appreciated!
Yes, can anyone suggest email providers that will protect privacy and still work easily with Tor (? that don't require j's).

@_date: 2012-05-12 16:38:22
@_author: Elena Johnson 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Basic questions from new user but... 
1) "TBB is modified so that JavaScript shouldn't hurt anonymity."
OK so I can safely allow JavaScript with my emails and be anonymous.
Confusing because NoScript says:
  "Allow scripts globally (dangerous)."
2) "The TorBrowserBundle (TBB) should allow scripting by default"
Confusing because when I log into Tor using TBB the NoScript icon has a red slash through it. If I go to any site, e.g. Kmart.com or mozilla a window opens up at bottom and says:
Scripts currently forbidden                    Options... Allow So I have the option to allow it but by default it is not allowed.
Hope these questions can help other low-tech users.
When I'm on TBB, the NoScript icon has a red slash through it.

@_date: 2012-05-13 15:02:01
@_author: Elena Johnson 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Basic questions from new user but... 
Thanks much.
I believe Tools>Options>AboutTor> says 12.0 and that Tor is up to date
