
@_date: 2008-12-12 05:41:32
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: ICMP redirect packets 
I have setup a Tor relay node and now I am starting to get a lot of
ICMP redirect packets. I would like to know what should I do with
them: should I setup a node to honor them or to ignore them? Honoring
them could maybe open a window to privacy attacks? But ignoring them
could also degrade performance of a relay.

@_date: 2008-12-14 19:15:18
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: SSH and Telnet ports 
I am wondering why should I allow SSH and Telnet ports to be open on a
relay? Is there really a usage case where a Tor user would need them
(because connecting with SSH to a server does somehow go against
anonymity)? Because otherwise it could be used for dictionary attacks
against SSH hosts.

@_date: 2008-12-14 20:17:05
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: SSH and Telnet ports 
Is there maybe a middle way? For example to limit number of
connections exiting to the same host? So I could limit to one
connection to 22 port per minute for every host, for example. Of
course this would be problematic for a busy SSH server with many users
connecting through Tor network, but I think this is probably not very
A feature request?

@_date: 2008-12-14 23:25:03
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: SSH and Telnet ports 
Invalid SSH login attempts are often reported and some of systems in
botnets are taken down because of this. By hiding behind Tor network
they can make those reports useless thus systems in botnet will be
longer available to them.

@_date: 2008-12-15 03:56:33
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Bittorrent packets 
I noticed that on a machine where I am running a Tor node I am getting
a lot of invalid HTTP requests to my 80 port. In Apache logs I saw
that they are Bittorrent packets and not HTTP requests. So I was
wondering if anybody else has been noticing this? Why exactly is this

@_date: 2008-12-15 14:35:35
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Bittorrent packets 
On Mon, Dec 15, 2008 at 8:58 AM, Marco Bonetti
OK, so the problem is that the tracker has recorded IP of an exit node
as a Bittorrent peer and it is giving that to other Bittorrent peer
which then want to connect to it and download from it? But why port
80? Because that is what the original user has been using and he/she
sends this port number to the tracker?
So there is nothing wrong if I block with a firewall all this
connections to my server from those IPs who are trying to connect to
me? I do not need to add them to ExitRules even if I am blocking them
as they are not really using Tor network nor they are connected trough
Tor network?
I was wondering that this could be also used as a measure against
using Tor network for Bittorrent data (not communication with a
tracker). I could add all those IPs to ExitRules of a node, rejecting
them as a possible destination. In this way Bittorrent data will not
be allowed out of the node. Those clients who will want to communicate
with a node are also those with which a Tor network user which wants
to use it for Bittorrent data will want to communicate.
I tried this and it works. Adding dynamically those IPs to ExitRules
and HUPing the Tor daemon. But the problem is that after some time and
number of IPs Tor daemon reached its limit of server descriptor size
(and ExitRules). So currently such approach is not possible as Tor
server descriptor was not designed for so many ExitRules, it seems.
Any workaround?
Without adding those IP to ExitRules it is not really "nice" that I
would be blocking them just with a firewall but this could be maybe
also seen as a feature: making Tor network unstable for Bittorrent
users (for data transmissions).

@_date: 2008-12-15 15:27:19
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Bittorrent packets 
On Mon, Dec 15, 2008 at 3:10 PM, Marco Bonetti
True. So probably I am getting even more packets to other ports. I am
just not seeing them as they are dropped.

@_date: 2008-12-17 02:00:46
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Failed to hand off onionskin 
Yes. That was something I tried first. But it did not change those
warnings much (I have not really measured or counted them but I
believe that there is the same amount of them in a day with one or two
processors enabled).
The only time I really see increase in CPU % (in top output on
FreeBSD) is when I send HUP signal - then it gets much over 100 % for
a few seconds.
Yes. But the system really does not seem busy.
top reports 369M of total memory footprint. It has 3 threads. There
are around 14000 TCP connections established (I can count this as the
system has a dedicated IP address for Tor traffic).
Could it be a memory use bound? So that memory access cannot keep with
the use? And this is why the CPU is not maxed?

@_date: 2008-12-20 03:09:58
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Failed to hand off onionskin 
But is not this value more something of a "warn when there is so many
onions queued"? OK, it is true that higher values somehow smooth out
peeks, but otherwise it also means that I would introduce larger
delays for onions going through my relay. From a perspective of "real
time" processing it means that I would increase the limit of "real
time". So the question is what is better: that I decrease advertised
bandwidth and have onions routed almost immediately or that I
advertise more bandwidth (which I do have) but that from time to time
it could happen that it takes a lot of time for some of them to get
On the other hand it could be true that the default value is meant for
relays with lower bandwidth and so there is a lot of onions going
through the system and they are also processed very fast: only that
there are so many of them at a given moment that the queue gets full.
It is not so much a problem of delay than of a supporting high

@_date: 2008-12-20 03:25:33
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Failed to hand off onionskin 
I am using FreeBSD. And if I set NumCPUs to 1, then I have 2 threads
reported by top, if I set NumCPUs to 3, then I have 3 threads reported
by top.
No. And I was not thinking that paging/swaping is a problem. But it is
5 MB/s of data to be processed what could be a problem if it is has to
be copied a lot around in the memory (RAM).
It is not dedicated to Tor but at the moment I am testing it only with
Tor. So currently it does not have much other load, not CPU nor
memory. But later on (when I will tweak it correctly) it will have
also some other things running.

@_date: 2008-12-20 21:56:09
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Failed to hand off onionskin 
This is what I was thinking with "smoothing out". But delay is longer
then (for some).
I know that. I was playing with this when I was trying to dynamically
deny exit for Bittorrent connections. The problem was only that Tor
does not support such complex (and big) exit configurations.
It has to decrypt onionskin to get destination of the next hop (and of
course payload to send there). So if it takes long to decrypt it, then
it also takes long to route it forward.
(Or is route static and only payload is decrypted in layers? I do not
know so much of Tor internals.)
It has to do with a physical layer of a transmission. More bandwidth
used as a carrier signal more data it can carry.
But mostly: I am just using terminology from Tor man pages.
With other cores idling? I would rather try to improve parallelism in
used programs.
But of course. Someone can always donate the newest multi-core CPU to
me and I will gladly install it into a system. :-)

@_date: 2008-12-21 05:22:41
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Failed to hand off onionskin 
I am not running client mode, only relay (if I understand my
configuration correctly)? I also do not have control port enabled.

@_date: 2008-12-21 05:26:12
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Performance optimizations for high-bandwidth Tor exit 
Do you use this same Apache as a proxy to directory server?

@_date: 2008-12-21 05:26:12
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Performance optimizations for high-bandwidth Tor exit 
Do you use this same Apache as a proxy to directory server?

@_date: 2009-02-13 11:02:44
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Tor speed 
Have you tried other browsers? For example some text only browser?
Maybe they have different strategy for loading and displaying things
which is better for user experience over links with larger latency.
(Like displaying just HTML without images and CSS and JS at the
beginning and then slowly everything else.)
This would be an interesting thing to measure - how different browsers
cope with latencies and how the user experience this strategies.

@_date: 2009-02-13 11:16:04
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Tor speed 
I have another idea (which is not necessary excluding yours and is
maybe just another factor/reason). Maybe Tor network is not just
bandwidth bounded but also CPU bounded. For example, on my Tor node I
had to increase the queue for onions size as CPU was not fast enough
to cope immediately with bursts of onions (it is a 5 MB/s node). On
average it is more than fast enough but there are bursts which it was
not able to handle.
And such bursts are probably connected with web page browsing - an
user sends a lot of requests at the same time when it opens a web
And what happens (my hypothesis) is that those go to the queue and
wait for the CPU to handle them. And once they are handled they are
(because of the high bandwidth) handled very fast, send back and user
gets everything in the same moment (they were close to each other in
the queue).
I do not know what is the average waiting time for onions in the queue
on my node. Maybe all this is nothing and with increasing the queue
size I just increased the average waiting time from 1 ms to 5 ms. But
maybe I increased it to 5 s. Who knows? Is there any way to measure

@_date: 2009-02-13 14:07:15
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Tor speed 
I would go with this question further: why reinventing TCP over UDP
again in general? General solutions and implementations for that
already exist. For example, Tor could just simply add another layer
with OpenVPN (or just OpenVPN based) system.
One hackish, to show my idea, solution could be to build first a world
wide VPN network based on OpenVPN with internal IPs, each Tor node
would get one. Modify Tor nodes to open a new TCP circuit (even if it
already exists) with a target node for every data stream. And this is
it. Data streams would not be multiplexed in one TCP session (hm, does
this decrease security?) so if one TCP stream has packet loss this
will not influence other, and rebuilding a TCP connection from UDP
packets would be done by OpenVPN.
I am not suggesting to implement this. I am just saying that a lot of
(open source) work of making TCP over UDP has already been made.
Maybe because SCTP is not yet widely supported?
Good reading about TCP over TCP:

@_date: 2009-02-13 19:46:49
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Tor speed 
Please do read:
So where in your tests are at least:
- randomization
- replication
- blocking
You cannot check only once and then conclude anything from that. Tor
network is really a place where you should do a statistical research
as is almost as far from deterministic as it can be.
So, for example:
- measure multiple times
- try different circuits, different nodes
- all this choose randomly
- and repeat, repeat, at different hours, different days for some
larger period of time

@_date: 2009-02-13 20:44:05
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Tor speed 
You definitely use better terminology than me. :-)
This is why I wrote that Tor should make a new circuit for every top
TCP-based protocol. So Tor would map TCP connection to one circuit so
other TCP connections would be independent from underlying
transmission errors.
Sorry, I do not know how I would describe this idea better. As is was
only one simple thought: use already implemented things.

@_date: 2009-02-04 21:01:02
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Time Warner bad / VPS recommendations 
Interesting. That is $40/month with 400 GB limit. I have a collocation
for around 110 EUR per month for 100 Mbit/s best-effort with no limit
on data transfer and yet without any problems with ISP (they said that
it is not their issue what I am running on my server).
So ... maybe ... there is an idea. I could offer to setup Tor nodes
with this ISP with simple CPU/RAM/diskless/self updatable/no logs
systems for 100 Mbit/s default policy exit nodes. If anybody would
like to monthly contribute/donate money for collocation and this
initial hardware. Or few people together.
I just do not know what would ISP say if they would have multiple such
nodes there. Maybe they would become less liberal.

@_date: 2009-02-17 17:54:51
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: another reason to keep ExcludeNodes 
Would not it be better if you would report this node so that its
problem can be fixed?

@_date: 2009-02-19 02:09:31
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: another reason to keep ExcludeNodes 
Middle node can change payload without next node noticing that? There
is not checksuming/signing in the process?

@_date: 2009-02-04 22:40:11
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Time Warner bad / VPS recommendations 
But of course it would be easier to throw a big blow to the network if
they succeed in killing those nodes (and that would be easier as they
would be operated by one entity).
I was not thinking about non-profit organization at this moment, more
of over-the-PayPal thing. :-)
But I do not know what are prices elsewhere for such collocation.
Maybe somewhere there is even better price for similar arrangement.

@_date: 2009-02-05 00:09:55
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Time Warner bad / VPS recommendations 
And if they are using virtual servers within the same ISP...
Whois and geoip could help you at least in some way with approximating
how many such circuits (which do not use nodes listed as a family of
nodes) could exist. It would be a rough estimate though. Maybe we
could make a script which would go over whois data and e-mail
operators so that they could cooperate end enter those nodes as a
family. Or maybe this could be an automated process? (To check when
building a circuit if nodes are of the same ISP.)

@_date: 2009-02-05 22:03:52
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Time Warner bad / VPS recommendations 
I agree and this is also the way I am using "my" bandwidth.
But on the other hand I am seeing many e-mails like "I would like to
contribute to Tor but my ISP/university/mom does not allow me/has
blocked me/does not want to hassle". So maybe those could cooperate in
a way of putting together such nodes.

@_date: 2009-02-06 00:29:28
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Time Warner bad / VPS recommendations 
I do not see a reason why we would introduce middle-men. This could
also have a potential of changing a focus from building an open and
free network not operated by any entity to a focus on collecting
donations. Donations should just be a mean not a goal and adding an
organizational/administrative burden tends to induct the later.
This could be a good idea. Adding a possibility of putting a
"donation" buttons on a main Tor project page so that visitors could
decide to which node they would like to donate (and to scatter those
donations between nodes). (Maybe add some statistics and such.)
But I would like to see those donations only like some kind of an
award/bonus for running a node. I do not really see it as a reason for
running a node. Nor that they would suffice for covering the costs.
Nodes should not be dependent on donations.
I doubt so. I do not see how this would influence your ISP which are
the most often the reason why people (have to) shut them down. And
also in most cases running a Tor node does not increase bandwidth
expenses as people are running them on their "free" (unused)
I was not so much thinking about donations from "random" people. Those
are/would be nice. But I see there a possibility of people which would
like to run a node to get together and cooperate. So those people
directly, without middle-men, without dependency on "random"
donations. Like: I can donate 5 EUR/month for a Tor node. But this is
not enough. So who else would like to join? And if there would be 20
people who would agree on such commitment then we/they would be able
to rise a node together. But they would work together directly and
they would be those who would donate.
So maybe we could make a wiki page or something where people would
ensign for such a cooperation. And when there would be enough people
they could work out the details (where, which ISP, which hardware...)
and put a new node online.

@_date: 2009-02-06 02:07:11
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Time Warner bad / VPS recommendations 
I do not see those two ideas excluding each other. :-)
So yes, such field in metadata + support for it in Vidalia would be
really great. I see your point and I agree that maybe the possibility
of such donations (and later on when somebody put a node online also
their reality) would be enough push for some to start doing it. I am
little bit skeptical about that though.
But would people (users) donate? Because donations would not be
anonymous (or can they be?) they would in this way somehow say that
they are using Tor (which is maybe something they would like to hide).
I just wanted to stress that there is also another
approach/possibility which uses regular and arranged donations from a
more or less fixed group of people (for each node) to form a new node.

@_date: 2009-02-10 17:29:29
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Time Warner bad / VPS recommendations 
In practice there is a problem: ExitPolicy is limited in size. So for
example default allow all with a long list of denied IPs (for example
Bittorrent trackers) is not possible. I have tried and failed. Sadly.

@_date: 2010-04-06 11:29:57
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Cannot Download Bridges 
Of course censors could also just connect to the Tor and use this
hidden service to learn about other bridges. Even again and again
request new bridges (pretending the previous ones are unreachable) and
thus gain the knowledge of all bridges.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-12-28 03:22:38
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Why NOT send UDP over tor? 
I do not understand why should Tor implement its own TCP stack? Why
not just define a virtual interface and then let OS handle TCP or any
other stack above it? This would also enable power-uses of Tor network
where you could do policy routing and similar stuff.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-12-28 03:41:22
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Why NOT send UDP over tor? 
About P2P users: why does Tor not award users who are exit nodes with
more bandwidth available for themselves? So that P2P users would be
motivated to run exit nodes by themselves. And in the long run they
would learn that it is enough just to run Tor and do not use it for
P2P as they can always just say that P2P traffic which has been found
out to be coming from their IP was coming from Tor network.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-12-31 16:46:28
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: 27C3 on Tor 
I have in memory, that being the relay (that adversary can route
through you) in fact reduces your anonymity.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-12-08 15:15:24
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: leaker-optimized versions of Tor 
Why? Is this really necessary?
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-12-08 15:21:13
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Share (P2P) 
Does anybody have any experience with Japanese Share P2P network? It
promises to provide anonymity to its users. Does somebody know how it
works and about any weaknesses? Or maybe even some article analyzing
it? How does it compare to running Bittorrent over Tor?
(I hope this was not discussed already too much here.)
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-12-08 16:11:37
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: leaker-optimized versions of Tor 
I am asking just about more hops. Why would more hops be necessary? It
is enough that one node introduces random delay and this is it?
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-06-18 16:10:46
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Tor Exit Node hosting: torservers.net 
I came up with same idea some time ago:
There was not much encourage to it but I have also not put up site and
other tools to gather people. But I am still slowly working on it. And
have thought of trying to rise money by other means (like personal
approach in my country, where I would distribute leaflets and similar,
to get also non-technical people to understand and support it, because
currently I think we have mostly technical/networking people
understand the issue (because they understand how Internet works) or
those people who are in censorship regimes).
So idea is to get a server which would be only fast CPU, some RAM and
no hard drive, only CD or something too boot the system up. So it
would be dedicated to being a relay and if somebody confiscate it,
there would really be no logs there.
As I wrote in my previous e-mail I have a Tor friendly ISP in
Slovenia, which costs 110 EUR per month for 100 Mbit/s no other limits
node, where I get 5 IPs initially but can also get more.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-06-18 17:06:11
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: Tor Exit Node hosting: torservers.net 
I have added it there some time ago. The one under Slovenia.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2011-02-28 03:21:14
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Advice for high throughput Tor node 
We are planning a high throughput Tor node, we are hoping for 1 Gbit/s
node. But as I read there are some issues attaining that. So I would
like some suggestions what should we use for hardware and
configuration to attain it. So CPU, ethernet card, etc. As I
understood it is necessary to run multiple Tor instances, but that
then ethernet card's IRQ affinity is still problematic? Would it be
better to have multiple ethernet cards? How much CPU is needed for 1
Gbit/s throughput? RAM?
And it is probably also necessary to have multiple IPs to be able to
have more than 65k connections?
The problem is that we will probably not be able to experiment much,
what we will buy we will have. So I am hoping to get it right.
We are targeting a fully open exit node policy so some advice on how
to arrange things with ISP would also be good. We have good experience
with one local ISP, but not on this scale. So probably it would be
good to request a SWIP and abuse handle to our e-mail? Anything else?
Is there any software developed which would handle automatic abuse
e-mails with automatic replies?
I am sorry if all this is already somewhere written. ;-)
(And all this is still just in a planning stage, we will have to see
if the budget will support it.)

@_date: 2011-01-13 00:24:42
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: geeez... 
In Slovenia for our Tor node (currently down) we have very nice ISP
which said that they do not mind anything until we are paying our
bills. But we had two visits of police to our doors early in the
morning (once for blackmailing and once for pedophilia). Once we
explained to them that the IP is of Tor server and that there are not
logs they said OK and that was it. The problem is probably that the
server is registered on a physical person so once they see the name
they assume that this is some home user. But once you explain to them
that this is a server on collocation and not even at your home and
what Tor is and how it works. Then their assumption that you as a home
user is a probable suspect changes to that you are an admin of a
server and in this way probably just a witness. And once you tell them
that you cannot witness anything (you do not have logs) this is it (if
they believe you, but there are not much reasons for them not to -
they would have to have also some other signs to get a warrant).
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2011-01-13 00:33:59
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: geeez... 
In Slovenia there is a law (for Internet commerce) that persons just
passing data around, not changing it, choosing destination or source,
filter, etc, are not responsible for the data. This even works for the
servers. So if you have a server with content you are just storing for
somebody else you are not responsible for that. But you have a witness
status if they want to prosecute this somebody and have to cooperate.
So police will come and talk to you, but not as s suspect but as a
Probably this is an EU law.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2011-01-13 01:01:37
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: geeez... 
I think it is allowed but you have to clearly inform users of this
(register this data collection with data privacy agency) and reasons
for it and there is then principle of proportionality and subsidiarity
so that you have to prove that collecting all this data is really
needed for service or something. Something like that. (Uh, is hard to
translate terms you know only in your language.)
Maybe in Germany things are more strict?
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2011-01-13 01:17:33
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: geeez... 
I am not sure what you mean by that? That there should not be open
WiFi because it improves security? Or that because there are open
WiFis, open proxies, botnets you have to secure your systems anyway?
But how do you secure them against abusive behavior (blackmailing,
posting abusive content...)?
There is probably a reasonable argument that identification would help
with security here. No?
You are talking here just about technical fault-tolerance. What about
fault-tolerance when somebody is directly abused because of this
freedom? How can we solve problems for this person and here (probably
reasonable) unease feelings? Or should we just concentrate on
technical aspects and ignore that?
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2011-01-14 02:27:23
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: geeez... 
This could be then analog argument as saying that if you remove one
weapon factory from the world, that there would be no difference? But
one after another and there will be.
I cannot buy an argument saying that because situation is bad there
should be no small improvements where there could be.
Then tell me which techniques have we developed which prevent
pedophiles to use hidden Tor services? Which techniques have we
developed which prevent somebody to blackmail somebody else over Tor
network and stay anonymous? Which techniques have we developed which
can help found out which are other people in terrorist group and trace
their communication, once we discover they use Tor?
Because current protocols were done just to solve technical problems
and not also law or other "society" problems. For example, HAM
operators and their networks had, before they started their packets
networks, already laws in place requiring them that each packet should
also contain call-sign of responsible person/station. OK, in this
particular case (as far as I know) this is not cryptographically
enforced (but this is a technical thing) but it still shows that laws
like this can work. So if countries (like they cooperate on ACTA)
would declare that it is illegal to send or route or relay any packet
without information about responsible person for it things would be
much different.
So saying that currently technology does not support this and so it
does not matter is just because it was not required to support this.
But there is nothing preventing that laws would be changed in this
way. Probably also many lobbies are doing in this direction. Adding
another required field to IPv6 is not so hard. Making it
cryptographically secure a bit more. Do all work on teach people about
identity thefts (which would become even more profitable) even harder.
Because of this those are not arguments I could agree upon. They are
true, but it could be also otherwise. I would like to hear good
arguments why even if we would have in place all possible technical
means to identify originators (or possibility to "turn" this on if we
decide so) it would be still "proper" to not go along this path.
I can see arguments for this only possible with basing the argument on
human rights and similar values we might share. But then there are
conflicts of those rights, security vs. freedom.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2011-01-14 08:52:45
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: geeez... 
This can be easily fixed just by using some Apple-app-store-like
system where only tested apps (with source code given to them to
check) would be available and with developers' identities also well
known. In combination with some trusted computing platform where CPU
would refuse to run any program not signed by such store. Of course
all this backed by law.
Of course, you would be only a consumer of your computer, but
everything for security. ;-)
Probably even easier is simply to make everybody responsible what
their computer is doing and they will take care themselves to install
trusted computing system into it.
Great read:
I agree with that. For me one big argument is that it is a difference
of motivation and numbers between normal users and criminals. The
later will spend time, energy and money to get around security fences
we would made, and for sure find some holes (as there is nothing like
perfect security), while all others would just have their freedoms
diminished. For nothing.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2012-12-01 00:29:56
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
I can probably explain that. We were running a Tor exit node in
Slovenia (neighboring country of Austria, EU too). We had Tor exit
node on collocation at local ISP and the collocation was on friend's
name (not on some legal entity). Twice they came to his home in early
hours with warrant for all computer equipment he has at home. Once
because somebody was using Tor for blackmailing, the second time for
child pornography.
Why they came to his home? I believe the reason is simple: they have
IP, they write to ISP something like "Who is your client who had that
and that IP at that and that time?" ISP responds: "This is X Y, living
there and there and + some other personal information they have on who
this person is." Criminal investigators go to the judge and say "We
need a warrant for this and this person at this and this location."
They get one and they come to visit you in early morning hours.
In both cases he just had to explain that: 1) this IP is at
collocation and not at that location and 2) that it is a Tor exit node
and we do not keep any logs of activity through it.
1) tells makes their warrant invalid and you move from being a suspect
(they had in mind that you are using your own home connection to do
something illegal, this is the highest probability based on their
information) to a witness (you are server admin and it is higher
probability that some your user did something illegal).
2) tells them that even if you are a witness, you are worthless
witness: you do not have typical users and services, and you are not
even logging anything. For most services you are not really required
to log anything. Running Tor is not illegal. Having logs for it also
not required.
They left without taking anything and he hasn't heard from them
afterwards (this was few years ago). It might be because both cases
were international (Interpol) so for local investigators it was the
easiest to just write: it was Tor exit nodes, no logs possible to
obtain, case closed. And move on with their lives. If it would be some
local thing with a very motivated investigator they might not believe
him and would still confiscate equipment. But from a point when they
discover that their warrant is probably wrong they are on thin ice as
obviously IP was physically somewhere else.
It might be that in this case of a guy from Austria he didn't know
that it raid is for Tor node but he thought that it might be for
something else and just later on discovered that. Or that they simply
didn't listen to or believe him. Probably it depends on how you
communicate with investigators and your language skills.

@_date: 2012-12-01 00:49:24
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
It seems that "I had to have a co-worker get me the phone number of
the lawyer, who advised me not to say anything" was not the best
advice given, according to what I wrote before.

@_date: 2012-03-31 18:40:54
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Participate in Google Summer of Code 2012 
This year wlan slovenija is again participating in Google Summer of
Code ( If you are a student and
you search for programming summer work for this summer, you can apply
to work on wlan slovenija's projects and get $5000 for successful
wlan slovenija is a open wireless network initiative from Slovenija,
building a common, open and independent network for everybody. It is
participating under Freifunk umbrella so you have to formally apply
there. Prepare proposal of your contribution and submit it until 6th
April. We suggest that you submit the proposal draft immediately and
then work on improving it until the deadline. In this way you will be
in the system soon and will not miss the deadline. Furthermore,
mentors will be able to comment and work with you through the system
on your proposal.
Required knowledge for participation varies and depends on what you
propose, but it is not necessary that your proposals are big and
complex, just propose what you believe that you will manage during the
summer and what would contribute to our projects.
More about all this you can find here:
Some ideas for proposals:
And of course you can propose also something completely yours.
This is a great chance to learn more about open source, contribute to
it and also earn something along the way!

@_date: 2015-04-20 16:50:04
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Come to Battlemesh v8 to Slovenia 
I am inviting you all to Battlemesh. This year it will be in Slovenia,
03-09 Aug 2015. We extended the early bird deadline to 24 April for
shared accommodation costs. But otherwise the event is free to attend.
See more information here:
Battlemesh is an international annual developer conference and brings
together wireless community networks participants, WiFi wireless mesh
networking enthusiasts, developers from the most popular open source
mesh protocol implementations (Babel, B.A.T.M.A.N., BMX, IEEE 802.11s,
OLSR) and anyone else interested either in developing mesh networking
technologies or establishing such networks.
The week long event is organized around participant collaboration and
learning with a number of talks and workshops running in parallel
while performing experiments on a test network deployed just for this
purpose. There will be a number of interesting and new devices to
test, a setup of wireless optical system KORUZA and much more.
(The dates are close to Chaos Communication Camp so you can continue
to Germany afterwards.)

@_date: 2015-06-22 15:45:12
@_author: Mitar 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Battlemesh travel scholarships available 
(Please spread the word to those you think might be interested in the
We are opening a call for sponsored travel to attend Battlemesh for
anyone living outside Europe and would like to invite you to send your
application! Battlemesh is the annual conference/gathering/hack event on
community wireless networks and routing protocols will be between
3rd-9th August in Maribor, Slovenia. As Battlemesh is in the week before
the Chaos Communication Camp in Germany, this is an excellent
opportunity to be able to travel to both.
Event is free to attend and we still have organized accommodation
available at low cost.
Travel scholarships are open to people not living in Europe. To apply,
we would like to ask you to send a short video (not longer than two
minutes) to describe your situation:
- Where are you from?
- Why would you like to attend Battlemesh?
- What impact in your local environment do you expect from your
- Would you be able to attend without the travel scholarship?
- Will you continue to the Chaos Communication Camp? (Note that it is
not a problem if you also plan to go to the CC camp.)
Shoot a short video and upload it to one of the video sharing websites
and send us a link. Note that if it is private, we need a direct link
and/or password for it as well.
E-mail your video to the local Battlemesh team at
The deadline for applications is the 3rd of July. Decisions will be made
before 6th July.
What is Battlemesh?
The Wireless Battle of the Mesh is an event that aims at bringing
together people from across Europe and beyond to test the performance of
different routing protocols for mesh networks, like Babel, B.A.T.M.A.N.,
BMX, IEEE 802.11s, OLSR. It is a tournament with a social character. If
you are a mesh networking enthusiast, community networking activist, or
have an interest in mesh networks and related technologies, come and attend.
The traditional goal of the event is to set-up hands-on testbed for each
available mesh routing protocol with a standard test procedure for the
different mesh networks. During the event, similar hardware and software
configuration will be used based on the OpenWrt and packages for each
protocol implementation. The event is also a great opportunity to
develop testing tools for PHY/MAC radio layers (drivers, scripts and PHY
analyzers). Alongside the testing of routing protocols, a number of
talks, workshops, and hackathons will be held on various mesh-related
topics, all from technology to community and social aspects of mesh
This years Battlemesh will take place from 3rd to 9th August 2015 in
Maribor, Slovenia.
