
@_date: 2008-08-20 15:16:32
@_author: John Mosgrove 
@_subject: AVG + TOR = BARF 
I dont know if anyone is getting this but I tried to install and use Tor but AVG would not permit it. Any suggestions?

@_date: 2008-08-21 15:26:00
@_author: John Mosgrove 
@_subject: AVG + TOR = BARF 
Initially I tried Vidalia, but wasnt sure how to set it up, so then I tried the browser inside the zipped up standalone in 'tor-im-browser-1.1.2_en-US.exe'.
  When I first ran it yesterday I got a message that AVG, I'm running AVG free ver.8.0.138, "refused the connection" if I remember correctly; however today I ran it again and the stand alone browser gave me the minimized firefox and german, (I think), entry page right away.   I dont get it.
  Sorry for the false alarm. Nice to know I'm on the right channel for getting tor feedback. I wasnt totally sure I would actually get a response by sending an open message in reply to any or all of the tor traffic I've been getting.
  Bye and bye... I'm sure that yahoo is hardly a 'safe' place to email from/to, do you recommend any other potentially less compromise worthy mail clients? That is one that I am less likely to be compromised by?
  Thanks.
  On Wed, Aug 20, 2008 at 03:16:32PM -0700, mr_john_mosgrove at yahoo.com wrote 0.5K bytes in 14 lines about:
: I dont know if anyone is getting this but I tried to install and use Tor but AVG would not permit it. Any suggestions?
Disable AVG? Did AVG give any indication as to why it won't let you
install it?

@_date: 2008-08-22 19:00:36
@_author: John Mosgrove 
@_subject: Paid performance-tor option? [2] 
.....Which brings me to my point children: Never Smoke Crack!
  Ukraine opposition to send Georgian leader neckties to chew on
KIEV, August 22 (RIA Novosti) - Ukraine's opposition party has pledged
to send 365 neckties to Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili, who was
recently caught on camera nervously chewing his garment while discussing
the Georgian-Russian conflict.
Saakashvili has caused an internet sensation with his tie-chewing antics,
captured during a phone conversation with a top Western official and aired
by the BBC, and also over footage of him running in apparent terror after
speaking to reporters, believing he was about to be attacked by Russian
Party of Regions lawmaker Boris Kolesnikov told a crowd of supporters in
the east Ukrainian city of Donetsk: "We have already bought Saakashvili
spiked running shoes, similar to those worn by the Jamaican sprinter who
won the Olympic 100 meters. We will also buy him 365 neckties, so that he
will have enough to chew on every day of the year."
Etc., full article at: Hence, at a 2nd thought BBC is not completely useless [as I have stated in a
previous post, here at the list], after all.

@_date: 2008-08-22 18:56:43
@_author: John Mosgrove 
@_subject: AVG + TOR = BARF 
Sweet! Thank you much.
  Security always comes down the the committment of individuals.
  -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
Grant Heller @ 2008/08/21 23:41:
huh? of course they do. i suggest you read google's privacy policy.
personally, i think two good free places for e-mail are lavabit.com and
maybe our friend roy lanek knows of other suitable places? ;)

@_date: 2008-08-23 09:13:33
@_author: John Mosgrove 
@_subject: AVG + TOR = BARF 
I'm new to this guys, but with a name like RiseUp that trys to operate beyond the level of Government interference, you are asking for it; I mean, its a direct challenge if you ask me, and I'm sure that those who are interested in this sort of work would make an organization like that thier newest and very best friend until they got thier balls in a nice glass jar in the show case on the wall. I just want to be left alone.
  What is the signature.asc? I'm not only ignorant but a little slow. Try to use small words and pictures if possible. Thanks.
  > (Full Disclosure: I know some people involved in Riseup Labs, etc.)
If riseup was owned, it wouldn't be by a hacker. It would be owned at a
level that no lack of logging, disk crypto, or participation in the
community would help. It would be owned by a tap on the wire, a gag
order, and the "keys to the castle" for everything else.
I don't wish to impugn the riseup team in any way. I think they're doing
a great job, and doing something that's very needed for the activist
community. I'm sure they've got enough security on it to bar out just
about anything.
But I'm also sure they have lives that they care about, and I'm also
sure that if it came down to them handing things over to the FBI or
being caught up in the green scare, they'd do the self-preserving thing.
It's what anyone would do, and it's what I expect of them. I'm sure
they'd try to fight it however they could, but again, they aren't
exactly blending into the crowd. Their favicon is a red/black star, they
link to other radical sites, they provide email list to groups that are
probably on terror watchlists. They're most certainly in a spotlight, if
they aren't already wiretapped or subpoenaed. Sure, they may try to fight. But will they really go to prison so that
my email can be unread? They won't be going up for privacy, they'll be
seen by the masses of America as supporters of "eco-terror" or whatever
demon is the label of the day. And if they fight, they won't be fighting
for the 1st amendment, they'll be fighting against the PATRIOT act. Not
to mention that they've got limited resources, and can only keep up for
so long.
Again, don't get me wrong. The riseup team are all (probably, as I don't
know them) great people, and they're certainly providing a needed
service. But I don't expect them to take a bullet for me.
I would think that a gmail account, sending PGP-encrypted messages,
would be sufficiently under the radar. If sending PGP alone flags you,
then it could easily be steg'd into a picture. But on Riseup, you're
well on the radar to begin with, and that's troubling to me. Unless we
get into "can crack PGP", that should keep you safe from context scanning (and when I
mentioned sending only encrypted messages, I was speaking of PGP, to be
In short, I think Riseup is great, but I would love it a lot more if the
server had protection from the legal kind of compromising, possibly
through Tor as a hidden service. I wouldn't advocate using Riseup
because they profess to having good admin practices; admins can be
changed quite transparently for users, and you don't know if the Riseup
team is really running the show. Gmail can't context-scan encrypted or
steg'd email.
I advocate OTR every chance I get. It's really great: it's deniable,
it's authenticating, and it's available on all major (free or not) OS's.
It's fantastic, IMHO.

@_date: 2008-08-26 21:51:27
@_author: John Mosgrove 
@_subject: Tor im wont play youtube vids. 
I've checked the Javascript settings and downloaded the lates Flash player, but no luck.
  Thanks.

@_date: 2008-08-27 09:34:56
@_author: John Mosgrove 
@_subject: Tor im wont play youtube vids. 
I tried this site:
    You input a youtube url of a vid you want and it returns a generically named file.
  Then add the .flv extension and it plays.
  I did this throught the Tor im. Is this secure?
  I realize I'll have to find my youtube urls in an unsecure manner using a non tor browser, but its a start.
  Quoth John Mosgrove , on 2008-08-26 21:51:27 -0700:
FWIW, using a YouTube scraper that respects HTTP proxy settings can
let you pull out the video data without having to go through the
untrustworthy Flash player (at the expense, of course, of having to
trust the scraper).
 is popular, as is
 though I can't vouch for either of them
from a security perspective, necessarily. Both are open source, so
you may examine the source to see whether it is doing something wonky.
This may be a useful tactic for using some major Flash-based video
sites with Tor in the present day in a more general sense.
---> Drake Wilson

@_date: 2008-09-29 21:36:16
@_author: John Mosgrove 
@_subject: way too many msgs on this topic 
I am getting way too many messages on this topic. Its flooding out all my other mail.
How can I reduce or eliminate this?
Can I just get a once a week message or something?

@_date: 2008-09-29 23:33:09
@_author: John Mosgrove 
@_subject: way too many msgs on this topic 
I dont have a clue how to do that. I signed into this list by responding to it on a forum. I'm not even sure where its based.
other mail.
You can change your settings so that you receive a digest of the
messages that comes less often.
