
@_date: 2005-11-08 18:58:58
@_author: Audie Murphy 
@_subject: Hacker strikes through student's router 
I am not aware of such a study. I'm not certain about the usefulness of such
a study. For 100s of years my ancestors have attempted to obtain the maximum
privacy possible, whether in Europe or the U.S. Frankly, we have moved away
from heavily populated areas, not because we were avoiding people, but
because we wanted to retreat to a private place, where we could have private
Privacy is not a new desire. Once the Roman Church was outlawed in Britain,
Catholics just went underground and used secret means of communicating.
Witness the so-called secret societies that have existed over the centuries.
Freemasonry is but one example. In most dictatorships, Freemasons are
repressed and the society is driven underground. Hitler outlawed the
Freemasons. The Soviet Union drove them underground. However, in both cases
Freemasons continued to communicate via private channels with secret
handshakes, etc.
I don't mean to be long-winded, but many worthy causes have required private
communications. So, I suppose, there ARE studies over the millennia that
demonstrate the need for privacy. Early Christians worshipped and used
private communication channels. Of course, EFF web site demonstrates what is
at issue in areas of the world where governments are trying to prohibit
private communication - places like China.
The questions are very difficult, but not impossible, IMHO. In the U.S., we
have decided long ago that individuals would have as much individual
freedom, as long as the exercise thereof would not abridge anyone else's
freedom, health, property or safety. Privacy is evolved from individual
Therefore, IMHO, individuals can be held responsible for nefarious deeds,
but not the mechanism that allowed the crime - whether that be firearm, or
privacy service.

@_date: 2006-06-01 17:02:47
@_author: Audie Murphy 
@_subject: tor+torbutton without privoxy doesn't work 
It is possible. With computers, I'll believe anything! ;-)
I am using a Powerbook G4 with 10.4.6
I just downloaded the "bundle" from tor.eff.net and installed the package. I
haven't tried eliminating Privoxy in OS X. I didn't install Privoxy in
Linux, just Tor and Tor worked well.
How did you do the uninstall?

@_date: 2006-05-24 14:35:14
@_author: Audie Murphy 
@_subject: Easy Firefox hacks to improve anonymity (HTTPS Header 
What can one do about the User-Agent setting in Thunderbird or other email
