
@_date: 2016-08-18 20:49:04
@_author: myzeus@openmailbox.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] A community concern that needs to be addressed, 
Hash: SHA512
Hi there,
A reddit user recently wrote the following and as quoted:
"So this is a throwaway account.
I have been keeping up and following the Tor project on social media sites and just had a general interest. I have an uncomfortable feeling with the way things are going at the Tor project.
Jacob being accused of rape is a subject I don't want to dive into, but I feel like there is a push to get certain people out of the Tor project. On top of that we had the ex CIA agent, the board purge, and several notable people leave.
I don't know if Jacob did what he's accused of, and it's not up to anyone of us to know what he did either. That is to be left up to the On top of all of that the social media posts are seemingly less technical/privacy related and more related towards identity politics . The latest tweet was a retweet of Alison Macrina saying there are women interested in joining the project and that's awesome. I agree that having qualified developers and others is a great thing and the more involved people are the better. My worry is the identity politics . I myself am considered a minority, but I think basing serious projects on identity politics is not only dangerous, but perhaps an active force being used by enemies of Tor.
My theory is that enemies of Tor are using identity politics to push key members out of the Tor project and to then hijack it and perhaps make it less secure.
Why do I think that is the theory? Because it's a real life tactic used by some to subvert then destroy your enemies while you quietly take control. We all know governments love to use sex crimes to pass laws. Claims of rampant sexism at Tor and a rape accusation seem to fit the shoe of getting people to support the removal of those key members. What are your thoughts?
TLDR I believe the Tor project is slowly being hijacked and key members getting kicked out based on buzzwords and identity politics" -- Their post seems to be somewhat political and based on recent events. The user's concern on the lack of technical posts makes a lot of sense. I feel like Tor has become increasingly user-friendly and the Tor Browser Bundle is by far less 'intimidating' to perform first time configuration than it was a few years ago. The lack of technical posts might concern some people. What are your thoughts on addressing the Nathaniel Suchy / MyZeus
3888 0175 C289 B85D (

@_date: 2016-08-18 22:38:31
@_author: myzeus@openmailbox.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] A community concern that needs to be addressed, 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
I'd like to state / ask a few things:
1) When running standard Firefox and added NoScript is became just as slow as Tor Browser. This would point to the plugin causing it's own set of issues not related to the speed of the Tor network. Is adding more relays and exits enough to speed up the network? Do we possibly need further software and relay optimization?
2) Tor Browser Bundle is a great piece of software. Both the user experience and setup is simple now.
3) Education is important to ensure that every Tor user is safe. What should Tor users be doing to assist in the education of other future Tor 4) I am happy to see that the Tor Project recently released their 'social contract'.
5) When I sent the initial email I was not saying anything 'bad' (if we want to word it that way) but rather simpled wanted the Tor Project's opinion on the user's concern.
Nathaniel Suchy / MyZeus
3888 0175 C289 B85D (

@_date: 2016-08-18 23:34:49
@_author: MyZeus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Browser and ARM Architecture Computers... 
Hash: SHA1
Hi there. I am looking into the "best" solution for using Tor on ARM
Architecture Computers. My current system setup is: Ubuntu/XFCE
running through Crouton running on Chrome OS. I currently have a basic
setup with access to the daily tools I need such as Thunderbird for
email, firefox for web browsing, and tools to manage and use my GPG
key, and then KeePass to store my passwords securely. All that being
said I'd like to know the best way to connect to Tor. I could
configure the binary and configure firefox to connect manually. I have
no issues with IP Leaks but then the browser has a very unique
fingerprint. What would be your advice for getting Tor Browser working
on an ARM Platform? Currently I haven't been able to find a build for
ARM Processors so I'm stuck with manual fingerprintable configuration
or no Tor Browser at all. Any advice?

@_date: 2016-08-18 23:37:19
@_author: MyZeus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] A community concern that needs to be addressed, 
Hash: SHA1
I agree with this. The whole 'user-friendly' experience is nice. If
the privacy community can get more and more users on more secure and
privacy-friendly software it becomes a more 'natural' thing. You
cannot target every single human being at once, when everyone is
securing all information, it's difficult to determine which users are
securing malicious information. There are very strong adversaries so
making traffic 'stand-out' less would be a good goal...
