
@_date: 2012-10-21 17:41:01
@_author: Alec Harrington 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Child pornography, anonymity and free speech 
Laws are made for the criminals of society because those who wouldn't do criminal activity anyway do not need the laws, and indeed do not usually suffer them until the time comes that someone/s demonstrate a need for them. So when people are doing things like spreading even animated child porn, and trying to say they're protected under the First Amendment, the First Amendment is in grave danger of being seen as outdated. Once enough people draw that kind of conclusion, it's only a matter of time before it's done away with or changed in order to control the criminals in society who would take advantage of our freedoms in order to hurt others. And it's not that animated child porn has victims, it's that it encourages victimization of children just like porn encourages it's viewers to have sex. The only difference here is that when adults have sex because they're encouraged by porn, it remains victimless, but when an adult is encouraged by child porn to try and inspire the sexual curiosity of a child so that they might also have sex with them or at least commit to sexual actions, then victimization has occurred. I guess if you wanted to word this in legal terms, it would have to do with opposing the sexual corruption of children inspired by the sexual encouragement of adults looking at child porn, animated or otherwise.

@_date: 2012-09-13 03:16:04
@_author: Alec Harrington 
@_subject: [tor-talk] One answer to the bittorrent problem . . .? 
Since creating your own bittorrent client would put too much strain the Tor network, 1 answer to the bittorrent problem would be for
Tor project to simply create a communicator software that
communicates with some popular open source bittorrent client, but
handles all the communication with the actual PC, and then inputs
only the necessary, possibly misleading information to the
bittorrent client.
If this communicator software is installed with every Tor package,
every computer that volunteers as a routing point for the Tor
network would receive the bittorrent data information, and then the
communicator software at each routing point could simply change identifying information it receives, and then send out that information. When the data is changed by and leaves the routing point, it will get a response, and then change it back what it received from the previous computer who then changes it
back to what it received from the first who then changes it back to
what was communicated from the original machine by your
communicator software so that the changing credentials don't cause
confusion. The communicator software would take in the information
it receives, and then correct it as necessary and give it to the
actual bittorrent client who will then send out more routed through your communicator software. I only say use an source bittorrent client because you have access to the source
code, and can create your communicator software to work seamlessly
with it. Not to mention you must have some open-source hobbyist
friends who would like to get their open-source bittorrent client
more known. In fact, you could take that open-source bittorrent
client and even reprogram it a bit to work better with needs, and simply package it along with the Tor bundle communicator software.
I'm not sure how feasible this idea is, but it seems with an open-
source bittorrent client, it shouldn't be too difficult to create a
software to include with the Tor package that will facilitate the
ability to render those 3 attacks to find personal information torrents useless because the information that would be gotten them would only be whatever the communicator software changed it
too before transmitting.
In short,
You say the Bittorrent client actually packages the original ip address right up
with the data communications? Well, if the communicator software
didn't give it the proper information to actually do that, it would
package the wrong number, or nothing. Since all outside of the computer is handled through the Tor software instead of the bittorrent client, the software would be able to dictate exactly what gets sent. And 3+ other computers randomly all over the globe changing information each time it passed through their point, by the time was intercepted, nothing useful would be gotten from it. Communicator software could at each point facilitate I hope I got my ideas across thoroughly enough. If you have time,
please respond to let me know if you think this an idea looking into. I'm no programmer, so I wouldn't be able to help in that respect, but I can brain storm dagnabit!

@_date: 2012-09-14 03:14:02
@_author: Alec Harrington 
@_subject: [tor-talk] One answer to the bittorrent problem . . .? 
Ahh, thanks. Btw, torrents are not about copyright circumvention despite the fact that so many use them in that manner. It's about file-sharing, which is a great and noble thing to have, especially when one has either lost or damaged a disk for a software that they have? the user-rights to use. Not only that, but it often also provides software such as driver packages to older devices that is no longer available anywhere else. It's just all around better to have a free system of file-sharing that connects people all around the world to everyone else. It provides the versatility and variety that file-sharing needs in order to be an effective tool of anyone who uses a computer. I understand how something so easily available is often used, but that's the choice of the users, not the fault of the system. That's my take.
