
@_date: 2009-12-11 17:48:40
@_author: nnnnnnnnnnnn@Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: Torbutton Proxy Settings Questions 
In Torbutton's Preferences/Proxy Settings, when
"Use the recommended proxy settings for my version of Firefox"
"Use Privoxy"
are selected, the following info is used and greyed out:
http proxy: 127.0.0.1 / 8118
ssl proxy: 127.0.0.1 / 8118
ftp proxy: blank
gopher proxy: blank
socks host: 127.0.0.1 / 9050
socks v5
no proxies for: 127.0.0.1
1. Why are ftp and gopher proxy settings blank? Should not both settings match the http and ssl settings in case an ftp or gopher link is loaded for
privoxy to display an error message rather than your browser resolving ftp or gopher apart from privoxy which would leak your real connection?
2. By selecting "Use Privoxy" does this modify other hidden settings within Torbutton apart from the Proxy Settings?
3. If I'm using Torbutton and Privoxy, why should I click "Use Privoxy" rather than entering the details myself with 127.0.0.1 / 8118 for everything
apart from socks settings? Would not my manually configured settings be much safer in Torbutton's Proxy Settings for use with Privoxy than Torbutton's default Privoxy configuration?
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2009-12-21 00:12:07
@_author: nnnnnnnnnnnn@Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: Firefox and Tor? Forget about it!! 
With mounting security problems I'm finally saying, "Firefox and Tor? Forget about it!!"
I want something less bloated like Dillo:
I haven't tried the old & outdated distro called ELE:
"What is ELE?
ELE is a bootable Live CD Linux distribution with focus on privacy related software. It is based on Damn Small Linux and aims to be (obviously) as small as possible. The first release was 65M, the current one 61M.
What does it include?
Irssi, Gaim, Dillo, Firefox, SSH, VNCviewer, Xpdf, most of the standard Linux apps like wget and vi. It uses the Fluxbox window manager. Everything, except VNCviewer at the moment, passes thrugh Tor. When using Dillo or Firefox scrubbing is done by Privoxy and the Google search engine has been replaced by Scroogle."
but it sounds sweet. I've decided to go in this direction, using Dillo and Privoxy on a personally rolled together Linux LiveCD or USB. I'll try basing it off of Damn Small Linux
first to see how well it works.
When using Firefox and Torbutton* along with Noscript* and Privoxy* (or other extensions), It feels like I'm riding on an elephant or whale of a creature who is open to anything with its seedy downtown brothel breath fogging up my glasses. Firefox doesn't feel safe to use anymore, especially in a tor environment where hostile injections are a growing concern. (* No offense to Torbutton, Noscript and Privoxy developers you make fine software and I'll continue to use Privoxy with another browser, but how many more combinations will we continue to need to plug Firefox's issues with tor usage and how many soft spots could be considered possible or future vectors in each piece we plaster on top?)
Please tell me what you think of all of this and whether or not this is a proper direction to go on or if Dillo's audience is limited and doesn't receive enough testing to warrant switching to Dillo.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2009-12-21 00:14:20
@_author: nnnnnnnnnnnn@Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: Torbutton: a.User Agent, b.Cookies Management 
Dear Torbutton author/maintainer/overall nice guy:
Torbutton -
a. User Agent
When googling for Torbutton's UA, the results are uncommon
compared to googling for a MSIE UA. I'm not proposing a switch away from the Firefox UA in favor of a MSIE UA,
however the current Torbutton UA, using an outdated Fire-
fox string, should be frowned upon. Indeed, I wonder
whether or not the "rv" and "gecko" bits to the UA string
should be disposed of for Torbutton use. What use are
they other than standing out even further from other UA
strings? Not every tor user uses Torbutton and it's
reasonable to assume if they (most others) use Firefox
they're using a current version, a version with a much
fresher UA string than I've noticed in two Torbutton
releases. Maybe the Torbutton author forgot to update
the UA string, should he follow my proposal below he
won't have to concern himself with this any longer.
I propose: The Torbutton author enable the option of
personal customization of the UA string and a few default
UA strings to choose from. In doing so this would remove
the need (or want) of the user to use another browser
extension for changing the UA since this would be a feature
of Torbutton.
It's easier to argue around the point than introduce this
feature, so we'll see what happens with this proposal. As
I mention in my other thread, "Firefox and Tor? Forget about
it!!" I'm moving away from Firefox and extensions so whether
or not the Torbutton author follows this suggestion it won't
factor into my future tor use, my concern is largely for
other tor/Torbutton users.
b. Cookies Management
Proposal: Add an option within torbutton to disable cookies.
There is no option to disable cookies in torbutton (while
you may do so within Firefox's privacy options, within
Torbutton it states if you select the option to manage
cookies yourself it's dangerous (or could be?), what
of a new option to safely disable cookies? Or, is it safe to disable cookies while choosing the dangerous
listed option of managing them yourself?
Thank you
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
