
@_date: 2007-04-05 13:02:33
@_author: norvid 
@_subject: Another Method to Block Java Hijinks 
Actually, I believe that with the browser denied access to the
internet, the normal 2-way java applet communication is prevented.
Please try the test I mentioned.
I agree.  I am throwing my idea out here just for info purposes so
that those who know more than I might take it into consideration for
whatever it's worth (perhaps not much).
I am perfectly happy for my purposes with the way I have Tor
configured.  I'd likely give that a try if and when I get a new
machine with a new OS.

@_date: 2007-04-05 20:18:47
@_author: norvid 
@_subject: Another Method to Block Java Hijinks 
I don't know the answers to these questions other than to say that I
am not configuring any of the proxy settings in the Java VM.  They are
the default.
I have tried to configure Java VM proxy settings with no apparent
success.  I have no idea why this does not work.
My test might best be performed on a Windows machine as the
availability of software firewalls is fairly extensive.  Alot of these
are easily configurable to block the browser and allow Privoxy access.
 Although I don't have much experience with Linux, I'm guessing that
it might be a little more difficult to configure than Windows.
I am certain that on my machine using two different firewalls, the
very specific test I detailed will not determine my real IP even
though Java is enabled.  Of course it cannot determine my IP if Java
is disabled also.

@_date: 2007-04-13 06:46:36
@_author: norvid 
@_subject: Another Method to Block Java Hijinks 
Long before the recent discussions on Java and other browser
technologies, I had realized that your IP could be revealed thru Java
as shown on the stayinvisible site.  I was somewhat surprised that
this was not documented.  I'm glad to see that it is now being
addressed.  I would hate to see someone in a hostile environment in
perhaps a life and death situation rely on tor and not realize that
other things also need to be locked down.  Again, I brought up the
thing about the firewall just because I think it is important to know
about all ways that privacy can be protected.
I am not a coder nor do I have any formal background in networks,
privacy, or security.  However, I find it highly interesting and I've
spent alot of time finding out how these things work.  I also
understand how difficult configuration can be to an average
internetter.  Afterall, it wasn't too long ago that I didn't have a

@_date: 2007-04-02 08:13:52
@_author: norvid 
@_subject: Another Method to Block Java Hijinks 
I have another method that may block Java hijinks that can allow a
site to determine your real IP.  This one allows you to use the normal
default browser settings.  You do not have to turn off all sorts of
scripts.  You probably should still block cookies.
Use a firewall with settings which block the browser from accessing
the internet but allows Privoxy access.  Set up your firewall this
way.  Now to test obviously all you need do is turn the firewall off
and on.
Go to this page to test:
This page uses a Java applet to reveal your real IP.
It will guess mine when the firewall is off but fails to when the
firewall is on.
Now test your IP without the firewall but while turning off Java.  You
should see that the test will not reveal your IP.  Don't worry about
javascript.  It has nothing to do with it on this particular page.
I'm throwing this out here as potentially another way to protect your
privacy while using Tor and depending on the firewall used it may be
easier to set up than turning off all sorts of browser functionality.

@_date: 2007-03-03 22:21:40
@_author: norvid 
@_subject: Latest tor beta exits on start 
YVW, and thanks for all your and others work.  I will look for the
next beta and try it out.

@_date: 2007-03-03 05:44:41
@_author: norvid 
@_subject: Latest tor beta exits on start 
This is for tor-0.1.2.9-rc-win32.exe on Windows Millenium.
On start it closes immediately. Looks like its related to running as a
service which I understand is not available on Win Me. Prior I have been
using tor-0.1.1.26-win32.exe with no problems.
Here's the log--
Mar 03 03:49:22.570 [notice] Tor 0.1.2.9-rc opening new log file.
Mar 03 03:49:23.330 [err] nt_service_loadlibrary(): Couldn't find
ChangeServiceConfig2A in advapi32.dll! We probably got the name wrong.
I sure hope this can be fixed before the next stable version is released.
Thanks, David
