
@_date: 2019-04-02 04:01:05
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there a way to use internet in a sandbox 
Hi Jim,
Can you elaborate or give example on how to run a live CD/DVD for internet access.
One has to install an OS on the CD/DVD and there needs to be some means for CD/DVD to access a network-specific firmware etc for using the internet, am I right?
---- On Sat, 30 Mar 2019 00:13:43 -0700 Jim  wrote ----
Ben is right about not using root for routine tasks.  But you can
still follow your original idea by creating one or more
*nonprivileged* accounts for non-internet tasks.  Even w/o using
VMs you can block these accounts from *initiating* connections to
the Internet with iptables rules.  If you set up permissions
correctly, then so long as malware does not achieve root level
privilege the information in these non-internet accounts should
remain safe.  So you have a range of options from no VMs to fully
isolated VMs on separate machines to running a live CD/DVD for
internet access.

@_date: 2019-04-03 07:16:14
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there a way to use internet in a sandbox 
Thanks a lot Jim for the information.
If I am running a live system on a DVD for internet access and booting from that DVD then the DVD should be able to write some data on itself (Example: if I am using a browser then the browser needs to write some data on the DVD to function). So, I would need a DVD-RW (DVD rewritable) not DVD-R (one-time recordable disc).
Running a live system on a USB would still have some risk as the USB could read/write data to the attached Hard Disk of the PC or Laptop.
A DVD-RW can't read/write to the attached Hard Disk on its own, am I right?
---- On Tue, 02 Apr 2019 23:12:00 -0700 Jim  wrote ----
It has been a while since I have done this so I am a bit out of date,
but presumably the procedure hasn't changed.  You need to find and
download an .iso image from the internet or obtain it from another
source.  Hopefully the creators of the image provide a way to verify
that the image you get is correct and unaltered (PGP signature, a signed
list of secure hashes, etc).  You should verify your image.  Then you
need to burn the image to a CD or DVD (as appropriate) *as an image*.
You can find instructions on the Internet about how to to this.  Do
*not* just write it to the optical disk as a file.  Put the disk in
your computer and boot to it.  You will then be running from the optical
disk and there should be no hard drive access unless you specifically
request it.
There are multiple live systems to choose from.  Probably all will give
you Internet access but some/many may not include Tor.  TAILs does
include Tor and is specifically set up to direct all Internet traffic
through Tor.  There may be others.  You should be able to find any
additional information you need through searching the Internet.
My impression is these days it is more common to run live systems from
thumb drives than optical disks.  But I specifically mentioned CD/DVDs
because they are read-only media and therefore can't get infected
(assuming your original image is clean).
Live systems auto-detect hardware and will usually "just work" with the hardware you have.  If it doesn't you need to either find a different live system or different hardware.  But if your hardware works with standard Linux I wouldn't expect a problem.

@_date: 2019-04-04 23:28:48
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there a way to use internet in a sandbox 
Thank you for the information.
If I am running a live CD/DVD and I want to download and save a small text file from the internet and then transfer that text file to the offline hard disk, then do I need a persistence storage like USB for such a small purpose?
Also, can I write some data to the CD/DVD which I can then send as an email or upload somewhere via internet?
Basically, I am asking is whether a live CD/DVD (without persistent storage) can be used only for surfing the internet or also for facilitating data transfer between the offline hard disk and the internet.
Or just unplug the data and power cables.
-------> I am 99% sure but still confirming: A CD/DVD cannot write data to itself (not the Hard Disk) without user permission in any case, am I right?
---- On Thu, 04 Apr 2019 12:23:48 -0700 Mirimir  wrote ----
I don't recall ever trying that with "normal" LiveCDs. And even "normal"
LiveDVDs are rarely much over 1GB. But I was talking about a custom
LiveDVD that I built. Which had a Debian system plus VirtualBox and
another ~3GB of virtual machine data. I do recall trying to boot that in
a machine with 4GB RAM, with no joy. Maybe I wasn't patient enough. And
it did take some minutes to come up in the 8GB machine.
Wild guess: maybe you need to design LiveCDs so they'll boot quickly in
low-RAM systems.

@_date: 2019-04-17 06:47:24
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [OT] Smartphone purchase advice? 
I also need some advice on a low-cost privacy-focused Android phone
Here are my requirements:
1. Low-cost android phone (as low as possible)
2. Should support privacy-focused OS (such as LineageOS or else)
3. Support for USB OTG
4. Support basic apps such as to do list, call recorder, etc (via F-droid or else but not Google Play store)
5. Front and back camera
6. Have mobile hotspot feature
7. Should support feature of quick decline messages for calls
After searching, I found Moto G4 Play (it is around 108$) which satisfies the above requirements.
Any other advice for the above requirements?
Even a refurbished phone with some warranty is also acceptable. Thanks!
---- On Thu, 21 Mar 2019 12:05:15 -0700 grarpamp  wrote ----
Obviously buy only unlocked carrier independant phones
cash upfront no financing, fuck the carriers. Bonus is they
won't come preloaded with carrier blingware, only
manufacturer blingware.
Most of the manufacturer warez can be avoided with...
You can also customise, compile and emulate test
Android OS. Strip out the entire Google app suite,
search, play, tunes, all the useless apps, spy, network
and battery eaters, background daemons, all gone.
Set your own security defaults in ROM, etc...
GPS chip / antenna / pwb traces can be physically
disabled, same for camera, microphone.
Learn on freebie recycled phones before hacking
on your Librem, Purisim, or whatever.
Still doesn't solve the baseband HW backdoor issue.
For that today you'd need VOIP number provider via
WiFi via cellular hotspot, or an OpenBTS etc SDR setup.
Intel is a top secret behemoth, so AMD should be preferred
by default just for competition sake while  rolls.
There's somewhat more open Power9 platforms...
Plus all the ARM and random *boards HW out there,
most of which isn't truly open.
At least don't buy WinTel systems.
Today you can also easily startup and adopt...
 ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , etc
So far it seems no one's minds are deprogrammed
redpilled and free enough to actually imagine and
come together to initiate that FTW, so all we still see
for decades is same dumbass questions...
- What untrusted CPU / Laptop / Phone / Gear to buy?
- Give me Fiat
Which is nothing more than kissing your master's ass.
They love that.
The first to market with verifiable trustworthy made in  will make immense profits from sectors
that need that assurance.

@_date: 2019-07-20 19:07:09
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR Browser safety practices 
Tor browser already contains a NoScript addon allowing user to prevent certain scripts from running.
What is the worst case that could happen if a malicious script (Javascript, XHR, other) or a malicious cookie runs?
Apart from username, password which could be stolen, can other data be stolen/corrupted? Data like:-
1. Bookmarks
2. Browser storage: IndexedDB, DOM Storage
3. Files in TOR download folder
4. Data in the hard disk apart from the folders used by TOR. (Tor by design does not write any browsing activity like history, session etc to disk. So I think data in other parts of hard disk should be safe.)
5. Current data held in RAM

@_date: 2019-03-01 20:00:17
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Data collection by Tor Browser 
Does Tor browser itself collect any data (Technical data, Web activity data, Personal data etc)?
As Tor is a modified Firefox ESR, does Tor browser follow the Firefox Data Collection Practice? (
Thank you.

@_date: 2019-03-24 06:25:58
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there a way to use internet in a sandbox environment? 
Using internet in a sandbox environment would be ideal to prevent viruses/theft.
I am posting some links related to this topic.
1) Discussion on stackexchange: 
2) Using hypervisor/kvm to connect to the internet. Hypervisor Technologies:  
3) Virtual Desktop: 
4) Another way would be to block internet for the root user in Linux and allowing internet only for other users. In this way, one is using root for offline activities and other users for online activities (just like a sandbox environment).
But it looks like if you enable internet connection for non-root user then the root user is automatically connected to the internet (I maybe wrong).
I have tried using some commands from the below links replacing "USERNAME" with "root" (THERE MAYBE RISK INVOLVED IN DOING SO) but I had to restart the system to enable the internet connection again.
Any suggestions?
Thank you.

@_date: 2019-03-24 10:43:20
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there a way to use internet in a sandbox environment? 
Using internet in a sandbox environment would be ideal to prevent viruses/theft.
I am posting some links related to this topic.
1) Discussion on stackexchange: 
2) Using hypervisor/kvm to connect to the internet. Hypervisor Technologies:  
3) Virtual Desktop: 
4) Another way would be to block internet for the root user in Linux and allowing internet only for other users. In this way, one is using root for offline activities and other users for online activities (just like a sandbox environment).
But it looks like if you enable internet connection for non-root user then the root user is automatically connected to the internet (I maybe wrong).
I have tried using some commands from the below links replacing "USERNAME" with "root" (THERE MAYBE RISK INVOLVED IN DOING SO) but I had to restart the system to enable the internet connection again.
Any suggestions?
Thank you.

@_date: 2019-03-26 03:50:20
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there a way to use internet in a sandbox 
Thanks Ben Tasker for the information.
Regarding KVM:
If I use two KVMs one for offline use and other for online use then would you say that the KVM used for offline use is 100% safe? (as KVM basically is a hardware-assisted virtualization)
---- On Sun, 24 Mar 2019 15:51:27 -0700 Ben Tasker  wrote ----
Most browsers actually already do exactly this and run tabs inside a
If you wanted to restrict that further, you could look at chrooting or
using docker. Or take it a step further and use a full blown VM (whether
that's KVM or something like Virtualbox).
But don't, please, follow the suggestion of using root for routine
non-internet tasks. You should use privileged accounts only when you
actually require that level of privilege. Also keep in mind that while
malware running as an unpriviliged user cannot (generally) hose the system,
it can still steal/corrupt whatever data that user has access to. Unless
this is a shared system, you probably care more about that data than the OS
files themselves.

@_date: 2019-03-29 07:31:34
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there a way to use internet in a sandbox 
I am giving a scenario: (Devices: PC Hard Disk having important files for offline use, USB Device for data transfer and Mobile Device which has internet connection)
1. I have a hard disk that is offline (Linux OS).
2. I use a mobile device for internet, gather some data and transfer that to a usb device (via OTG).
3. I have to mount the usb device to the hard disk since I need the gathered data.
4. Give read and write permission to the usb.
5. I copy the gathered data from usb to the hard disk. Use/process the data as per needs.
6. I write some data back to the usb if needed.
7. Connect usb to the mobile device if needed.
Data from mobile --> usb --> Hard disk
Data from Hard disk --> usb --> Mobile
How do I make sure that only the hard disk can read and write to the usb device and prevent the usb to read/write any hard disk data so that the files on the hard disk are always safe?
---- On Tue, 26 Mar 2019 16:21:52 -0700 Ben Tasker  wrote ----
Nothing is 100% safe, but by instituting isolation you'll have raised the
For "something" to escape your internet VM would require some kind of
hypervisor exploit. Technically there is the potential for rowhammer style
attacks from within that VM, but for the forseeable future that'd likely
mean a pretty targeted attack.
Basically it all depends on your threat model. Some prefer to boot tails
from read only media on a system with no disks, others don't need that
level so are willing to sacrifice a little security in the name of
There's a lot more to opsec than just the browser you're running too.
That said, you specifically mentioned concerns about malware, so a simple
VM could well be enough for you (or even a multi-vm setup like Qubes to
reduce the risk of data leaks). You could also have a disconnected VM for
"offline" stuff, but it'd probably be overkill for most people.

@_date: 2019-05-09 03:35:46
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Disable executable files on a usb from running in Linux? 
While running Windows operating system I have experienced several autorun and other viruses from USB devices and hence now I have moved to Linux.
Is there a way to disable executable files on a usb (any format: vfat, ntfs, ext4 etc) from running in Linux?

@_date: 2019-05-09 22:46:35
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Information known by a cellular network provider while 
I am using the term static content for details that don't change often and dynamic content for details that change often.
The content in bold is which I am not sure whether it is known by the network provider.
1) While I am not using the internet:
The network provider would know Non-internet based static content such as:
personal information including address, occupation, proof of identity, etc (if given/required during purchase)
sensitive personal information including as bank account details, etc,
device details such as IMEI number?, Serial number?, operating system?, type of device (smartphone, tablet etc.)?, MAC address of the device? etc.
[Note: I am not sure whether content such as IMEI number, operating system, type of device (smartphone, tablet etc.), MAC address of the device would come under non-internet based content or internet-based content]
The network provider would know Non-internet based dynamic content such as network-based location (which cell towers I use), call detail records (who you called and when), text message details (who you texted and when), text message content, payment history, etc.
2) While I am using the internet:
The network provider would know Internet-based dynamic content such as IP address, bandwidth consumption, location via GPS (if GPS is turned on), browsing content and history (including the date, time and duration of the internet session)?, the apps running on the device?, data sent and received by the apps?.
Some information I got from elsewhere (though I am not  sure) is that apps created using technologies/terms such as JSON, TNA and SDK would receive/send data while using the internet.
(JSON = JavaScript Object Notation, SDK = Software Development Kit, TNA = Truly Native Apps)
3) While I am using the internet via a VPN:
The network provider would know Internet-based dynamic content such as the VPN's IP address, bandwidth consumption, location via GPS?.
Note: One can replace "would know" by "may know" as per your trust on the network provider or the network provider's terms/privacy policy.

@_date: 2019-05-11 08:10:42
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Information known by a cellular network provider 
Hi Joe,
Yes, I have heard about using pgp and email client for securing communication via email.
I am just concerned about what the network provider can know about me, not companies such as google, phone manufacturer etc.
More importantly, I want to confirm that if I am using a VPN then surely the network provider cannot know more than VPN's IP address, bandwidth consumption and perhaps location via GPS through the internet service provided by them. (correct me if I am wrong)
---- On Fri, 10 May 2019 15:11:43 -0700 Joe  wrote ----
Bold or other formatting may not show up if tor-talk server only sends
plain text copies of messages to subscribers; or if subscribers choose
to get plain text messages.
Thunderbird & Mozilla apps interpret special characters to add simple
formatting in plain text messages.  *bold*, _underline_, /italics/. I
don't know if non-Mozilla apps recognize these tags. They may not see
any formatting.
AFAIK, regardless of internet connection, your personal mobile provider
knows much of your phone's device ID data, your geo location (if GPS
"geo-location" is enabled in settings), who you call / text (or who
calls you), probably content of texts (at least scan / log them) - like
most email providers do.  Three letter agency(ies) could also get a lot
of the same data.
You gave the provider all that identifying data anyway - or they get it
- when their sim card is in your phone, if it's turned on.  If emailing,
the only way to avoid snooping - by someone or agency or nation state,
is if both parties using strong, end to end encryption.  Starting &
ending on each party's device - if they haven't been infected.

@_date: 2019-05-12 04:44:19
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Data collection by Tor Browser 
Thanks Georg and Roger.
I have taken some time to read the links given by Roger and try to understand various terms related to tracking/privacy on the internet.
Basically, I understand that there would be a need to gather some technical data to keep the Tor network running and also improve the Tor network and if there is any sensitive data gathered at all then it would be for as short as time as possible depending on the requirements and also not made public.
Further, I would like to ask:
1. Whether any extensions (such as HTTPS, NoScript) or other technologies/tools in-built (preinstalled) in Tor browser would be gathering data?
(or in other words: Should I go through their terms or contact them separately?)
2. Can Tor browser or Tor client be used in a commercial environment? (by an organization or individuals who are self-employed)
Thank you.
---- On Wed, 06 Mar 2019 00:32:00 -0800 Georg Koppen  wrote ----
npdflr: No, there is no such data collection by the browser itself. We try pretty hard to disable things like telemetry and other potential data collection mechanisms. If we have overlooked something here then this is a bug we should fix. ---- On Fri, 01 Mar 2019 21:13:32 -0800 Roger Dingledine  wrote ----
I believe the answer is no, Tor Browser shouldn't tell anybody else
any of these things about you.
You can read the Tor Browser design goals here:
and anything where it reveals your browsing activity would count as a
bug -- and depending on the type of information leak, could qualify for
a bug bounty:  .
Three caveats to my answer though:
(1) This word 'collect' is confusing, because that word sure makes it
sound like it includes internal program data structures. The browser
needs to know something about your web activity while it's loading web
pages for you, and that by itself isn't harmful. The key question is
whether it shares that information with anybody else. For this sort of
user info, we aim to stick to the principle of "no secret databases",
that is, anything that we gather should be so sanitized, and so safe to
collect, that we share it with everybody else too. That way we're never
in the position where attackers might want to break into our systems to
learn more about our users.
For browser activity, the obvious simple approach to only publishing
safe things is to publish nothing at all, which is what we try to do.
(2) I might not be up on the latest Tor Browser moves, so it's possible
there are some open tickets for disabling telemetry or the like which
aren't yet fixed. Keeping up with the constant changes to Firefox is tough
to do perfectly. I'll let the browser team jump in here if they want.
(3) Other places on the Internet could still keep statistics, based
on your connections to them. I'm thinking in particular of:
(3a) the addons.mozilla.org server, which ought to see just anonymized
connections over Tor, but that still lets them gather general statistics
like how many Tor users there are, what extensions they have installed,
etc. Similarly, the periodic update pings, and update fetches, happen
over Tor but can still be counted in the aggregate:
(3b) the Tor relays, which see connections from the Tor client that is
part of Tor Browser. Because of the decentralized Tor design, no single
relay should be able to learn both who you are and also what you do on
the Tor network. But they can still collect what they observe about who
you are. Relays collect and publish aggregate statistics about the users
they see (but not what they do, because they can't learn that). For much
more info, see 
(3c) other researchers might perform experiments using their own
internet connections to try to answer questions about Tor performance,
usage, safety, etc. The ones who are doing it right will consider how
to minimize risks while doing their experiments:
Hope this helps!
-- 
tor-talk mailing list - mailto:tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
To unsubscribe or change other settings go to

@_date: 2019-05-17 09:34:11
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Which companies/individuals can gather data while using 
This is a not a completely technical discussion but I think it helps to get a clear picture and ultimately one can know (or atleast try to know) which companies/individuals may gather personal data and then one can make decisions accordingly.
(I have listed a hardware or software and the next line contains the possibility of how the company/individual can get data from the internet user)
One can add their opinions and other hardware and software which is not in the list below.
Hardware list:-
1. Device manufacturer (device which one uses to connect to the internet)
Device manufacturer firmware
2. Manufacturer of specific hardware within the device such as Motherboard, BIOS, RAM, Hard Disk, CPU, GPU etc.
Hard disk firmware, BIOS firmware
Not sure: CPU firmware? GPU firmware? RAM firmware/backdoor?  or other parts such as Video card, Sound Card etc.
Motherboard is just a circuit board for connecting other hardware components. So I think it can't have a backdoor. Correct me if wrong.
3. Manufacturer of input devices such as microphone, keyboard, mouse etc.
Input device firmware
4. Manufacturer of output devices such as printer, speakers, etc.
As long as these devices can only recieve output but can't send input to the device, there should not be a backdoor.
5. Manufacturer of input and output devices such as usb drives, media card readers etc.
Removable drive firmware
6. GPS technology
Not sure?
7. The internet service provider
Based on their terms/privacy policy
Software list:-
1. Operating system
OS telemetry
2. Applications
Applications which have backdoor etc.
3. Browser and addons
Personal identification data sent to the developer of the browser and addons
4. Internet authorities such as:
   - Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA)    - Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN)    - Internet Architecture Board (IAB)    - Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)    - American Registry for Internet Numbers (ARIN)    The above authorities are only for IP address allocation, evolution/support of internet, etc.
   They don't gather personal data as per their privacy policy.
   - TLS/SSL certificate authorities
   Not sure whether they can get any personal data.
   - Any other internet or internet protocol authorities?

@_date: 2019-05-24 08:28:37
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR Browser safety practices 
I would like to ask for some safe practices to maximize security while using TOR browser.
I understand some of the basics and have gone through the FAQ on pages  and Here are some questions:
1. Is downloading files safe via TOR Browser?
I got the follownig warning while downloading a PDF file:
"Tor Browser cannot display this file. You will need to open it with another application.
Some types of files can cause applications to connect to the Internet without using Tor.
To be safe, you should only open downloaded files while offline, or use a Tor Live CD such as Tails."
2. Viewing insecure HTTP sites:
Any suggestion which insecure HTTP sites one can visit even if one gets the warning:
 Everywhere noticed you were navigating to a non-HTTPS page, and tried to send you to the HTTPS version instead. The HTTPS version is unavailable. ........."
3. Should one proceed when a website has an error like "invalid certificate error"?
4. I am able to open ftp sites without using TLS (only ftp not ftps)
So, is it advisable to open sites having protocols such as ftp, smtp etc but are not wrapped inside TLS?
Thank you.

@_date: 2019-05-25 22:30:21
@_author: npdflr 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR Browser safety practices 
Thanks Wallichii and Conrad for your replies.
---- On Fri, 24 May 2019 09:18:19 -0700 Wallichii  wrote ----
On Fri, 24 May 2019 08:28:37 -0700  Yes, downloading files with Tor browser should be as safe as downloading them with firefox. You can open that pdf file safely on any computer that is not connected to the internet. You can visit any website, it should be safe. When your traffic is routed through Tor it exits from someone else's computer so if you are visiting a website that doesn't start with  it can be monitored or even altered by that exit computer. If you are visiting websites that start with https:// then the exit computer cannot alter the contents of the website. Normally you shouldn't do that on websites that you don't control/host. Let's say I am hosting a website and I setup tls on server myself and noted down the fingerprint. Now in this case I can proceed if I forget to renew the certificate because I've noted down the fingerprint and as long as I verify it everytime, it should be pretty safe. (AFAIK) You can proceed but remember to treat that connection as http connection and you should assume that everything you enter/submit/request can be altered/monitored by the exit computer (more like every computer which routes the traffic). Simple answer: No, inform the operators and visit it after they fix this issue. If its not encrypted in any form then your userid and password goes in plain text, it can be altered/monitored by any computer your traffic goes through. In this case the exit computer can save your plain text password and use it for malicious purpose.     >> So, for the questions 2. 3. and 4 if a user is just visiting the website
    >> for the purpose of viewing it not transferring any personal/sensitive data     >> then the exit computer can/may be able to alter/monitor the traffic but the
    >> user's browser data (excluding the current session with the website) and     >> the hard disk data should be safe, I hope I am right?
 I am aware of the Tails operating system. I haven't used it yet.
I will use it soon but even when I would be using Tails, I should be aware of
some technical details of using TOR so that no sensitive data is stolen during
online activties.
