
@_date: 2013-11-11 00:12:02
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] More and more websites block Tor, 
The only solution would be recommending people to run exit nodes from home.
Actually I wonder why tor users seem to be convinced it's a bad idea. I
used to think this IS the point of Tor. If you run exit node from home then
nobody can prove that any particular activity was from you and not some
other Tor user, right? (Provided you don't do stupid things.)
If, say, every 8th Internet user was running exit node there would be no
blocks at all, I suppose. It takes a dictatorship to ban 12% of the
population. Am I missing something?

@_date: 2013-11-11 01:14:57
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] More and more websites block Tor, 
The German guy was released, right? A couple more precendents, and
police will stop raids like this one due to inefficiency. Because,
ultimately, they /are/ inefficient, and all Tor community needs to do is
to make it as clear to general public as possible.
It's difficult to predict how such a case would play out in lawless
countries but in a civilized world it /is/ possible to defend freedom in
the court of law. Actually, such things happened already, and with great
success:  I'm sure Tor
project could organize some fundraising to help people with lawyers in
the first several cases, as well.
After all, the risks for every particular person involved in such a
campaing is extremely low but the benefit is unimaginable.
Again, I don't understand what's the purpose of Tor if you pretend you
don't use it. Yes, I use it. We all do. If you want to sue us, you have
to sue us all?or give up. That's how it should be. (And this is the only
way they'll give up.)

@_date: 2013-11-11 02:02:59
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] More and more websites block Tor, 
?what I'm saying is: Tor could be much more than just a proxy tool, it could be a public campaign?with all the ?dirty work? your generic public campaign has. (Well, it's not /that/ dirty, actually; it's funny once you get involved.) Activism, PR, fundraising, education, etc. The only reason this isn't done yet, I suppose, is that people who enjoy programming web servers probably do not usually enjoy running campaigns like the one I describe. Well, it could be a good idea then to find human rights activists, all around the world, who know how to do it, and collaborate. Support those harrassed for providing Tor access, make it a matter of public debate, find sponsors, make journalists write about it, engage volunteers. I feel a bit stupid saying this. Why don't people work on it already? Maybe they do, and I'm just showing my ignorance now?
I run exit from home publicly and encourage others to do the same. I'm convinced this is the only way Tor can survive in the long run: together we stand, divided we fall. If someone reads this with ?my thoughts exactly? in their heads, please email me, we'll cook something up soon. Or make a special topic in *tor-talk*. [Mailing lists make an awful communication medium, though?I don't even understand who will see this message and how to provide a discussion link for outsider. :-(]

@_date: 2013-11-11 02:44:03
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] More and more websites block Tor, 
Any VPN provider will sell you out if big brother tells it to.
The structure of Tor perfectly reflects the ultimate inherent freedom of
Internet: if users act properly, one can't control Internet without
turning himself into an omniscient dictator. Hence, using Tor as a mere
proxy tool is tremendous waste. Some people think it's perfectly normal
to invade your home just because you download something or help someone
else to do it. This is savagery.

@_date: 2013-11-11 02:53:26
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] More and more websites block Tor, 
Criminals do use guns at times. Does it mean gov't can harrass you if
you own one, too? What about cash? Criminals like cash because it's
anonymous. Should we ban cash transactions that exceed certain limit?
Who will set the limit? The same guys who can print money?
(The questions are mainly rhethorical. Hope you don't get me wrong: I'm
not really interested now in discussions concerning morality of Tor
usage. It could be extremely interesting to talk about? later, but for
now I'm interested in public campaigns. :-)

@_date: 2014-12-25 10:22:08
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] (Slur.io) running over Tor 
Hash: SHA512
Getting and publishing critical information is risky. It's perfectly
reasonable to seek for a reward. Damn, even publishing information
that you have certain information to publish could be risky enough.
I'd prefer Snowden got paid lots of money for what he did, rather than
him finding an asylum in an authoritarian state.
Also, arguing that activity X is OK but doing X for money is not, is
so worn-out. The most popular cases for X are of course ?having sex?
and ?(not) sharing information?. However good or bad is anyone at X,
chances are, they'd be much better at it if got paid accordingly.

@_date: 2014-03-02 13:02:05
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Protect from yandex 
Hash: SHA1
Some of Yandex services are blocked for TOR users, as well as for
recent exit nodes. In case you run exit node, you may be banned but it
seems like bans are not permanent and get cancelled after a week of
two in case you stop providing TOR exit.
Does that help? I'm not sure if I understood you properly.

@_date: 2014-03-08 23:50:38
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Pissed off about Blacklists, and what to do? 
Hash: SHA256
The Internet will become more Tor-friendly only when Tor becomes (relatively) mainstream.
Unless 1 out of (say) 14 internet users run Tor exit relays, Tor will be blocked, gradually more and more aggressively.
Tor community should advertise it, promote it, invite new users, encourage them to run exit nodes from home, provide reliable technical support and so on.
That's the only way to go. Since nobody seems to be interested in doing that, Tor will die soon, being blocked almost everywhere.

@_date: 2014-03-09 01:58:01
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Pissed off about Blacklists, and what to do? 
Hash: SHA1
There is no reason why authorities should handcuff the owner of the
particular node that redirects some data they find
dangerous/criminal/extremist enough. It only happens because of the
centralized design of the current Internet. If the Internet was
decentralized since the very beginning, and nodes were redirecting
others' traffic routinely nobody would even bother, ?because that's
how Internet works?. It's those who wanted global surveillance would
then have to try hard to create centralized networks and make them
This state of things wouldn't take a tiny bit of idealism to
estabilish. Internet just wasn't design this way (for a variety of
reasons, rather irrelevant, IMO). Unfortuately it's us who are in
defensive position right now but it does not mean that Internet is doomed.
- From this angle, it's not so counterintuitive to run exit node, as
well. The best (if not only, in certain sense) way to obtain anonymity
is to get lost in the crowd. I'm sure that if Tor became at least
moderately mainstream, and the common attitude would be ?Yes, I
redirect Tor traffic. We all do. That's the way we guarantee ourselves
protection.?, then nobody would care about creating blacklists
anymore, or at least everyone would become much, much less paranoid
about that. Expropriating home computers running Tor relays or exits
would not only become immoral (shame it isn't so now) but ineffective
as well. No first world society can allow itself to label 7-10% of
population as potential terrorists, criminals and abusers.
It's all about creating a tradition, or a fashion. It only takes
idealist users to run Tor exits on the *initial* state of the project.
- - actual risks of having problems  with authorities are not that high;
- - community support in the first world societies would make a lot of
difference, especially if it included legal support backed by human
rights organisations or maybe fundraising.
The real problems are:
- - the large amounts of people who are interested in privacy issues
these days, due to media coverage of Snowden, PRISM, etc., may easily
disappear sooner than we might expect. The attention of crowds is
unpredictable and thus extremely valuable. It's almost a crime against
humanity to miss all those opportunities now, in my humble personal
- - the situation in the second and third world societies; it does take
some idealism to fight for freedom there, and lawyers' help doesn't
mean much. Still, the community support does, as always (I can tell);
- - lack of interest on the hackers' side to interact with PR/adv guys.
An example of stupid inability to cooperate with those not like you
that had by now successfully prevented lots of great stuff created by
hackers to get the popularity it deserved.

@_date: 2014-05-14 15:10:37
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] darkweb-everywhere - was: Using HTTPS Everywhere to 
Hash: SHA1
What does ?Dark Web? mean at all? It is usually defined as ?web content
that doesn't get indexed by search engines? but as soon as this
definition is estabilished it gets silently dismissed, and Dark Web is
then used to label .onion servers exclusively. Isn't (a good deal of)
Facebook also unindexed? AOL Network? Other walled gardens and private
The next step is of course ?Dark Web? = ?web of drug dealers,
pedophiles and murderers?. While the initial point was merely ?stuff
you can't Google?.
It almost feels like somebody deliberately attempts to create a

@_date: 2014-05-17 11:08:52
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] General questions about Tor proxy 
Hash: SHA1
How to use Tor as proxy? How are average users supposed to find that out?
1. Suppose I want to use Tor with some third party application. Let's
pick a popular example for a target service, say, Dropbox. I search
for proxy settings in a Dropbox client, choose SOCKS5, port 127.0.0.1,
port 9050. That seems to be it. Now, what information could the exit
node extract from the data my local Dropbox app exchanges with Dropbox
servers? How do I find out the answer to that question myself? Can I
personally inspect the data transferred by local Dropbox (or other
target service) application?
2. Suppose I'm using OpenVPN. What happens when I connect with OpenVPN
*while* connected to Tor? Does Dropbox data get encrypted by openvpn
software, sent to vpn provider server, goes to Tor network then, in
effect making Tor network a link between my VPN provider and target
service, or does it get encrypted by openvpn software (hopefully), and
sent through Tor to VPN provider, so Tor becomes a link between me and
VPN provider? What could exit node make out of the data in this case?
How do I find that out not by asking other people but rather by
inspecting traffic on my own local computer which I have full access
to? :-) Isn't it ridiculous that that I have to do the former instead?
0. Where should an average user go to find these answers? Are people
supposed to post to mailing lists? Mailing lists look a bit odd
nowadays. Doesn't this alarm Tor community, or unix/GNU/whatever
email-based community in general?

@_date: 2014-05-18 00:34:37
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] General questions about Tor proxy 
Hash: SHA1
Thank you! That was one awesome response.
The answer is for you but it's also for community. Hopefully, the topic
is n00by enough to attract attention. If you feel it becomes too dull,
please take a look at the last paragraph, maybe you (or somebody else)
could answer the question there.
So, supposedly, Tor community wants Tor spreaded, at least in the
relays direction. (I believe the proper goal would be rather to
encourage common people to run exit nodes from home but that seems to
be to extremist an idea for the community.)
Anyway, growth is the goal because the very idea is basically ?hiding
in the crowd?. That means getting more users. The basic (the only?) way
to communicate with newcomers is through mailing lists, it appears.
Well, yes, I personally find it very alarming. I monitor some
communities whose products I'd love to see getting the popularity they
deserve (Tor, PGP, XMPP, GNU in general being some.) Let's call them
G-communities. (GNU captures a lot of the spirit, and it may also stand
for Geeks.)
G-communities look rather hostile. They are not aggressive, of course,
since it's all words and talking, but hostile and unfriendly they often
are. Which is weird: you answer, for example, is better than anything
I'd ever expected to get from a convenient support service.
I wonder if Tor (the company, or the community) even has a PR
department. Just some people who work, as volunteers, or not, on
promoting all the products and (which is also important) ideas behind
them? The public image is *awful:* it's ?evil? at worst, and ?extremely
complex? at best. I wonder how many people think it's just nothing but
a tool for direct violators of rights. It's the same with all
You suggested (or I jumped to a conclusion) that geeks just search for
zone of comfort, and that explains it. Well, it may be so but the fact
is: it doesn't help to grow network(s), like, /at all/. Geeks are
reasonable people first, but this behavior is irrational, childish and,
honestly, strikingly contrasting with their intelligence. How do they
think users will jump in if they use outdated media as a primary
communication channel? I had even seen someone here discouraging to
contribute to tor.stackexchange.com , on some irrational basis
(stackexchange beng for-profit, or something). StackExchange is one of
the best things happen to Internet (maybe also the only community in
the Internet where karma actually works) and also extremely helpful.
And free to enter, by the way, unlike quora.  Mailing lists are bad for
a multitude of reasons.
Having barriers for entry is generally OK. But I recently came to a
hypothesis that G-communities built the way they are for a simpler
reason: this process replicates the building of one particular
community lots of geeks observed forming in their lives: the school
community where bullies rule. For some of geeks, I speculate, this
could actually be the /only/ example. Only now they have a chance to do
it themselves in their own universe, or universes. They probably could
do better but, in case bullies' gangs were the only live examples ever,
a geek may had concluded, due to poor state of education in this
domain, that no other way exist.
But my main point is: there's nothing good about barriers, because it
prevents network from growing ? which in the long run sinks the whole
thing (when lots of nodes go under control of a single entity, for
example). If you want to hide in the crowd you have to do at least some
interaction with the crowd. If you hate it so much, hire professionals,
or find volunteers, or students who might be interested in pratice. If
this part of work gets done too, who is involved? Do they post here?
Thank you if you read this all.

@_date: 2014-05-19 21:58:41
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] General questions about Tor proxy 
Hash: SHA1
Thanks for yuour response, I'm very glad that the topic is not ignored.
I would never advocate for a forum! Forums are dreadful for a multitude
of objective reasons. My messages are wordy enough, so I'll skip 7
paragraphs on why forums are bad. :-)
I'm (100-\epsilon)% sure /that/ would be a total waste of time &
effort, for example.
That's precisely the kind of reasoning I attack. What exactly is the
concern? That they would tamper with answers? That they can close
someday? That it's easy to get your identity exposed there? They won't
do the first because that involves huge risks, and they are less likely
to close due to them being commercially successful. Tor, as the
company, is more likely to close. (And mirroring is always a good
practice.) Last but not least, there's nothing wrong with letting
everyone know that you're an active Tor user. Actually, this should be
encuraged: if only it became a common practice, both blockings and cop
assaults on the grounds of so-called ?suspicious traffic activity?
would reduce, if not disappear entirely. We just got a bit unlucky that
it wasn't the way Internet worked from the very beginning.
Tor is all about third parties interacting without assumptions of
initial trust to each other! Why doesn't this great idea echo in
participants, I'm clueless of.
StackExchange doesn't make you register. Sometimes I see people even
posting Q's anonymously. Now, there may be an additional stigma on it
due to the fact that Sir Silk Road got caught at StackOverflow. But he,
unfortunately, made a security mistake himself (nothing protects people
from one of these, except for themselves). Yes, this company, being a
big and legal one, collaborates with badged&armed people. Lots of
people do. Lots of Tor users might do that as well in certain
circumstances, but we're still supposed to collaborate with each other
in a network. Because that's the point: security is about trust, and IT
security is largely about collaborating without much of an estabilished
scheme of trust. We can implement it on the TCP/IP level, why won't we
do that at other levels as well?
That risk is the part of what makes SE so damn good. They are as
successful at building quality content available to anyone as it gets
for the last 20 (?) years, so I just don't want to judge their beta
requirements. MathOverflow is extremely active, while Theoretical
Physics died at beta stage. Nobody can explain why: mathematicians,
esp. those in domains dominating at MO, are usually percieved as more
socially awkward than any other scientists, and yet there is a
difference. Nobody really knows how communities get estabilished but SE
has something besides statistics: they got results, and they reproduce
them over and over again, with topics you'd never thought they could.
 I'd let them do whatever they
think is neccessary.
I didn't expect myself to turn this message into SE advocacy. But the
more I think of it, the better option it looks. It is de facto the best
way of gathering factual content, *and* build a community, if not a
general one, but definitely an ?expert community? ? which is also
helpful for amateurs. I'll probably ask more questions there.
In conclusion, I claim that investment in SE is, while somewhat risky,
is also potentially a good choice. The expected value is very high.
Thanks for the info, I'll take a look. I don't claim knowing the best
way to do it, I just think SE managers know one. :-)

@_date: 2014-05-19 22:26:12
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] General questions about Tor proxy 
Hash: SHA1
No pro-forum argument, but one can see why someone would prefer forums
to mailing lists. Some reasons can be clearly identified. And it's true
for other forms of communication.
Now, I'm just curious: when I post something publicly, I *always* want
to make sure it will be available and useful to as many people
interested in the topic as possible. Do you? It's not an attack, I'm
just interested in real attitudes of real human beings.
That said, where do I talk constructively about Tor, and how do I build
connections with people interested in it? I won't post to facebook or
Quora because those are walled gardens. I also will try to post to
where the most-best-top-hardcore experts are. So I end up here.
When we post here, who will read it? How will they find it? How they
will search it? How will it look to them? The fact is: it looks awful,
even in Thunderbird. It's not a matter of personal taste, it's a matter
of exact art and fuzzy science called *design*. It's also hard to
search. Of course, it is searchable theoretically but why on Earth
sould it be so hard when alternatives are present? Archives and indexes
are kept on some unattractive and inexciting pages. It's hard to
control the feed. I wanted to change mailing settings one day, and
simply couldn't do it; lots of people would probably be annoyed by that
and just silently marked the list as spam, or do something equivalently
Everyone is free to post whenever they want, sure. My goal in this
thread is just to make experts think of alternative costs. (Or, rather,
?alternative revenues??)
That's the whole point of collaboration and outsourcing. You don't
really have to run (and even estabilish) community. Some people provide
this feature and make a living out of it. The more independent the
feature of (?the more orthogonal to? if you prefer that term) what
you're doing, the more you benefit from using it: you don't have to
deal with work you don't like or understand, you don't have to aquire
special skills, etc. It's the question of combining effort to achieve
the common goal.

@_date: 2014-09-24 12:24:39
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TorBirdy and Thunderbird chat 
Hash: SHA512
TorBirdy disables chat logging and some other chat options:
1) Why disable chat logging?
offers no explanation. Whatever the reason was, why not disable mail
archives too, then?
2) How do I overwrite these preferences?

@_date: 2015-04-30 18:15:37
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Full integration with bitcoin (suggestion / feature 
Hash: SHA1
Check out OpenLibernet ( They suggest a design
for a fee-based mesh network. It's worth some studying, just to grasp
the complexity of the problem.
Also, you will probably find little enthusiasm from Tor community
for this.
What actual problem does the fee-based network solve? Free market is
the best mechanism* to allocate scarce resources. Bandwidth is not
that scarce, while private and pseudonymous or anonymous Internet
access is not that desired (which is demonstrated clearly by how
almost anyone who knows about benefits of Tor, GNU or PGP doesn't even
bother trying). The lack of demand leads to the fact that Tor works
fine even without being terribly efficient. Nobody cares about
effective free market solution, and it may be that nobody will until
it's too late.
Thus, with a fee-based network, you target a rather narrow initial
audience---which is not bad at all in itself, but, it hence requires a
design far elaborate than something that can fit into a short
plain-text email message. And a *very* clear understanding why** you'd
want something better than Tor in its present state---not just
"because free market makes things better". Sure it does but 1) lots of
engineers currently in the distributed networking will disagree; 2) a
better thing will not necessarily survive unless it's so much better
that even a blind (which in our case would be a casual user)
will see it.

@_date: 2015-04-30 18:33:43
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Gmail is blocking sending email from smtp.gmail.com 
Hash: SHA1
Could you please tell what exactly did you modify? I've been using
Thunderbird for Google SMTP successfully for quite some time, until
recently. I had to change password to be able to receive mail (had to
change it several times actually, which is really stupid) but sending
has become really bizarre: it didn't work for some time, then I
somehow sent two messages, and now it's dead again. In the end, I had
to turn TorBirdy off to write this, as well as the previous message to
this list. Looks like something is actually happening (or happened).
Note: I'm using different Gmail accounts for mail fetching and sending.
I noticed a topic ?TorBirdy connects to the same exit node again and
again? here but haven't read it yet.

@_date: 2015-04-30 19:24:43
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Full integration with bitcoin (suggestion / feature 
Hash: SHA512
Speak Freely:
I put c) into the list assuming BT is not recommended because of
traffic overload, which then would be one real life case of scarce
bandwidth. Is heavy traffic not the issue anymore? (Last time I
checked was a year and a half ago.) Fine then.

@_date: 2015-04-30 21:36:47
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Full integration with bitcoin (suggestion / feature 
Hash: SHA512
Thank you for this detailed exposition! Actually, I never gave any
thought about how BT, being a distributed network itself, would
interact with Tor---which was pretty stupid of me, since the flaw is
quite obvious. My item c) should have been just "you can't share heavy
media content efficiently with Tor".

@_date: 2015-04-30 22:01:28
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Gmail is blocking sending email from smtp.gmail.com 
Hash: SHA512
Thanks. I haven't tried 2FA yet but without it, switching identities
seems to help: apparently, Gmail dislikes some exit nodes. Note: being
logged in via Tor browser didn't help.

@_date: 2015-12-24 03:08:02
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] A curious email from Twitter mentioning Tor Project 
Note: I'm using Tor for Twitter for some time; however it is not (and
has never been) a particularly rock solid anonymity solution for me. I'm
mostly doing it for research: how an average Tor user, or a
privacy-seeking user in general, is welcomed these days. I've had some
issues with Twitter access recently. My post on this, as well as other
related threads on tor-talk, are linked below. [1--4]
Given all this, the following email (Received 2015-12-11 from
info at twitter.com) is somewhat curious:
I've got nothing to comment on actually. Posting this just for the record.
Tor+Twitter related links (archive.seul.org; if there's a better source
feel free to notify me in private), in reverse chronological order:
[1] Re: [tor-talk] twitter tor block redux
[2] [tor-talk] twitter tor block redux
[3] [tor-talk] A little more hostility towards Tor from Twitter
[4] [tor-talk] tor + twitter issues

@_date: 2015-12-25 05:07:18
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] staggeringly unhelpful 
After all, the message is staggeringly unhelpful.
1) It doesn't try at all to inform what actuatlly happened;
2) Twitter didn't sign it so at the moment anyone who wishes, for some
reason, to get on  list can pretend they got it;
3) switching to Tor would probably lock the user from Twitter's web
interface, and from who knows what else, and yet Twitter recommends to
take a look at Tor Project, and it does so to users who've been
connecting through Tor (via various clients) already, and had already
experienced problems, and had already tweeted about that.
In the end, the message induces some mildly unnerving atmosphere and
accomplishes pretty much nothing else. I can't even be sure what state
they're talking about.

@_date: 2015-10-28 02:44:29
@_author: Akater 
@_subject: [tor-talk] A little more hostility towards Tor from Twitter 
Some months ago Twitter users reported the service asking them to
provide a cell phone number when logging in to web interface from Tor. [1]
Now, Twitter won't allow me to post, retweet, favourite, or send a DM
via web interface if used from Tor (even though I submit a phone number
and log in successfully):
?Your account may not be allowed to perform this action. Please refresh
the page and try again.?
which could at least pretend to be the most polite fuck you in internet
history but which probably is merely an unintentional side-effect of
carelessly designed anti-spam policy.
I still can use Twitter from clearnet web interface, or from a torrified
mobile client (AndStatus).
So it goes.
