
@_date: 2007-11-28 12:00:18
@_author: Onion 
@_subject: German Tor Legal Fund 
Hallo zusammen!
I don't think this only concerns Germans. Operators of onion routers
being sued is a global problem which requires a global alliance, which
is why IMHO a supranational umbrella organization coordinating the
activity of regional associations would be appropriate as well.
I agree, it's high time to act. But please consider to include admins
of other OR services like those running Mixmin / Mixmaster servers.
Think alone of what happened to Reece, the former Thrasher admin in
Australia. The effects of the current changes in law aren't confined
to Tor operators, we're all in the same boat sharing the same
principles, and the more we are the easier it is to raise enough money
for building an effective organization.
That's why I'd also prefer a name covering all facets of OR like
'Deutsche Anonymisierserver Initiative - DASI gegen Stasi', with
equivalent shorthand expressions ('British [...] Anonymisation Server
Initiative' = 'BASI') easy to adapt to areas of other languages.
Kind regards

@_date: 2007-11-29 21:20:10
@_author: Onion 
@_subject: German Tor Legal Fund 
(ignore at will)
First of all, I'm not fond of political discussions in tech groups,
but in this specific case of an aid, that was developed not least for
sociopolitical reasons, motivating statements can't be misplaced.
We're on the cusp of mass surveillance and profiling of unprecedented
quality. I fear, in a few years we'll long for the kind of
intervention the former Stasi was able to achieve. Our future
dictator, and history told us that no society is immune to populist
seducers, will not only have all tools at his disposal to build a
stable totalitarian regime. We even vest him with the legal authority
for an unrestricted use of that power. Taking over our country will be
a bargain nobody can refuse. By rights it's the duty of our
representatives to minimize such risks instead of increasing them and
undermining our democratic principles, e.g. by persecuting and
denouncing those who take their civic duties seriously.
I agree. The optional 'DASI statt Stasi' slogan only aimed at making
the implications of our government's plans somewhat clearer. I got the
impression, that people aren't aware of the consequences for our all's
lives and only notice some anarchists opposing their reigning
Getting on with that initiative is good news for our country. Thanks.
