
@_date: 2006-12-01 22:39:50
@_author: otrcomm 
@_subject: setup tor in private intranet 
>
thanks for the link.
interesting thread you have here as well:
murrah boswell

@_date: 2006-12-03 13:35:03
@_author: otrcomm 
@_subject: push cache for squid in tor 
i have developed a push cache version of squid and wonder from folks here on the list if it would have any benefit in the tor
the push cache system itself is interesting, i believe, in that you can have a push cache server and push data to it from anyplace
in the world. you can actually push urls of how you want data accessed from that server via http or https.  for example, you could
have a url serviced by a particular push cache server such as:  . the url is not dependent on
dns since it is being serviced from the push cache squid server.
so, does anybody see any benefit to a push cache capability with tor?
the reason i developed the push cache system was to provide a capability for schools in remote areas of the globe without dedicated
access to the internet to develop learning plans and have the data to support those learning plans 'pushed' to the cache server.
then students would have access to the data/information through local network browsers.  it was an idea to optimize use of the
internet as a learning tool.
murrah boswell

@_date: 2006-11-30 12:39:20
@_author: otr comm 
@_subject: setup tor in private intranet 
hello all,
i am new to tor and was wondering if it is possible to setup tor in a private intranet without gateways to the internet?  i have to
assume it is, but where would i find documentation and code to build such a system?
essentially, i would like to build a tor development testbed/simulation environment.
thank you,
murrah boswell

@_date: 2006-11-30 15:35:03
@_author: otrcomm 
@_subject: setup tor in private intranet 
thanks for the response!
and the DirServer entry in the manpage goes on to say
... this option is intended for setting up a private Tor network with its own directory authorities. If you use it, you will be
distinguishable from other users, because you won't believe the same authorities they do. ...
so i assume this implies that one could actually have a "private" tor network on the internet? if so, then it would be interesting
to know what customized code the us navy and darpa have built into their networks. i wonder this, having worked for the us army
strategic defense command where we contributed to darpa funding, and realize that tor is an interesting concept for fault tolerant
command, control, and communications (what we called c-cubed). i would imagine that darpa has some tor models that dynamically
regenerate communication channels should intermediate nodes go silent. i have no doubt that the tor work that mit has released is
all there is to the tor work being done, but it is an interesting concept to make parts of the system open source and get people to
help solve critical gotchas.
murrah boswell
