
@_date: 2005-04-28 08:22:05
@_author: Philip Cheney 
@_subject: Tor 0.1.0.5-rc is out 
A quick question...  Is it necessary to ask to reboot after installation completes on MacOS?  Shutting down tor via the startup scripts before the install then restarting after seems to do the trick.   I admit I'm new to Mac OS, but I'm not what would be requiring a reboot.  I'm coming from a Linux background, so I'm a little bothered about having to reboot so much.
My semester is coming to an end in the next few weeks, so I'll certainly get working on the kernel panic issue soon.  I've alerted Apple to the issue, but haven't heard back from them, yet.

@_date: 2005-08-17 21:46:36
@_author: Philip Cheney 
@_subject: Reproducing distributed binaries 
I know that this topic has been discussed quite exhaustively with  regard to other security applications, but here it goes again:
  What is necessary to determine that the binaries that are  distributed are actually compiled from the source tarball (same  [This is assuming, of course, that one checks out the source and the  install scripts included with the binaries.]
  I assume you'd need to use the same compiler, compiler version, and  compile options.  Anything else?
  I anticipate several responses suggesting that I just use the  binary that I compiled in order to test the distributed version!  But  there are advantages to using the prepackaged version (ie ease of  installation and distribution across several systems).  It would be  trivial to write a script to grab the tarball and the binary package,  uncompress and compile the source (according to compile specs  provided in the tarball?) then compare the two.  The script would  also output the diffed source (and install scripts) (from the  previous version) to let you examine the changes in the source code.
  If there were several people running a script like this with every  release, it would be considerably easier to detect the presence of a  trojaned binary package.
Any thoughts on the matter?

@_date: 2005-05-03 07:48:56
@_author: Philip Cheney 
@_subject: tor and bittorrent 
I've read about a past clash involving bittorrent and tor ( but it seems that Azureus has built tor support into their bittorrent client.  Does anyone know the details of their implementation?
This was mentioned on Slashdot ( and you can see it in the changelog (
If they've integrated a client, it would be nice if it acts as a server, too.  This is going to be an enormous surge in traffic, and the files that people are going to want to download by bt anonymously are probably going to represent a big surge in copyrighted material being unlawfully moved across the tor network.  Has the Azureus team been in contact with anyone here?
(or maybe they've just added support for tor and I'm overreacting!  It's happened before... :) )
