
@_date: 2012-05-30 06:35:14
@_author: Pasan tus cosas, siempre. 
@_subject: [tor-talk] DNS and DNSSec Questions 
Hello, I have recently started using TOR and would like to understand and clarify some doubts:
My DNS doubts:
1) If I use Norton ConnectSafe for Home (the cloud-based DNS Web filtering service); am I risking i) to loose my anonymity (i.e my IP, etc.) and/or ii) to be totally susceptible for my internet/Jitsi trafficto be captured and tracked by any attacker?
2)? If I useOpenDNS Parental Control Solutions such as OPEN DNS Premium DNS or OPEN DNS Home; am I risking i) to loose my anonymity (i.e my IP, etc.) and/or ii) to be totally susceptible for my internet/Jitsi trafficto be captured and tracked by any attacker (Norton, my local network administrator, or any government)?
3) If I use alternatively theOPEN DNS DNSCryptfor Windows, (combined or not with 1 or any of 2); am I risking i) to loose my anonymity (i.e my IP, etc.) and/or ii) to be totally susceptible for my internet/Jitsi trafficto be captured and tracked by any attacker (Norton, my local network administrator, or any government)?
4) If I run TBBundle together with a Non-TOR say Chrome session, and a Non-TOR 'Forex application' session (i.e Metatrader or Saxobank); am I risking i) to loose my anonymity (i.e my IP, etc.) and/or ii) to be totally susceptible for my internet/Jitsi trafficto be captured and tracked by any attacker (Norton, my local network administrator, or any government)? I would like to mention that yesterday I received a note by help at rt.torproject.org  saying thatI CAN use TBB alongside a Non-Tor session say in Chrome, if I keep them separate I would not loose anonymity. I feel this is totally wrong since my IP would be well established, and also my using of TOR. Hence, an attacker can 'own' me easily.
5) I would like to configure to be a relay though I saw in the Network Map that the people "relaying" were shown with their IP address and platforms detailed. Isn?t this dangerous, I mean, doesn't a person giving relay (obviously a Tor user) loose its anonymity by publishing his IP? See below:
SandDune (Online)
IP Address: 99.184.105.130
Platform: Tor 0.2.2.35 (git-b04388f9e7546a9f) on Windows
 XP Service Pack 3 [workstation]
Bandwidth: 55.90 KB/s
Uptime: 21 hours 4 mins 52 secs
Last Updated: 2012-05-22 17:49:50
 GMT
6) Finally, would you recommend  as a webmail service that respect -quite as Tor.org- our user anonymity?
Well, my apologies for the long questionnaire....I thank you all very much in advance for your "liberation" drive.
