
@_date: 2005-08-10 19:18:38
@_author: Pat Frank 
@_subject: Gentoo's response on them blocking access to their forums via Tor 
Dunno if this helps or not, but this is what it says on the Gentoo Web Site
(announcement page, linked below):
"Tor network servers banned on the Forums
The Tor Network is an anonymous Internet communication system that uses a
distributed network of servers to bounce communications around. People were
able to use tor to browse the Gentoo Forums until some malicious users
started abusing the forums. As you might have already guessed, using tor
hides your IP address, so it works similarly to a kind of anonymous posting.
The gentoo forums staff, due to this abusive use of tor servers, has decided
to ban all tor servers that have an exit policy allowing connections to
forums.gentoo.org on ports 80 (HTTP) and/or 443 (HTTPS). We are concerned
that our users might want to preserve their anonymity, however there doesn't
seem to be a good technical or legitimate reason to use tor on the Gentoo
In an effort to purge the abuse of the Tor Network generating the least
problem to our users, only Tor servers with an exit to forums.gentoo.org on
the ports above stated will be banned. If they have those exits removed,
they'll automatically be unbanned. Please, notice that this process of
retrieving the list of Tor servers is performed automatically and that it
might take a while to have the ban-list synced."
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, August 10, 2005 5:22 PM
Hi Brian,
Could you drop by there tomorrow and try to explain to them that it's not
very hard to make web servers distinguish between GET and POST requests, and
that they could easily fix things to block POST requests while still
allowing GET requests?
If it's just a matter of them not knowing how to configure their web server,
I bet we can find a volunteer or twenty to help out with this.
If they have a deeper reason, I'd be curious to learn what it is.
(All the rest of you going to LWE tomorrow should do go chat with them about
this too. :)

@_date: 2005-06-17 14:34:16
@_author: Pat Frank 
@_subject: ISP Cutoff 
Hey all.  I've been having some problems with my ISP disconnecting me every
few minutes while running a Tor server.  Here's some technical information: Server: Windows Server 2003 (Tor running in Service mode)
ISP: BellSouth (FastAccess DSL, heavy-duty 3mb connection w/perm IP addy)
I have not yet tried throttling the bandwidth, and I'll probably give that a
shot next, but I thought I'd also go ahead and check here and see if anybody
else has had trouble in this area.  Any suggestions would be appreciated.

@_date: 2005-06-18 00:56:49
@_author: Pat Frank 
@_subject: (FWD) Re: ISP Cutoff 
A Dlink wifi router is exactly what I have.  I appreciate the feedback.
It sounds like throttling (or "rate limiting" as Roger put it, if that's the
same thing) the bandwidth might address that issue, would it not?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, June 17, 2005 11:08 PM
In my experience problems with connections dieing after a while are due to
crappy NAT routers.  I have had this problem with a Lucent DSL NAT
Router/modem, and a DLink WiFi router.  The problem seems to be with
excessively small NAT connection tracking tables, and then when the tables
get full, the routers are either unable to purge old connections before they
time-out or do a lousy job of doing so (ie they purge important
My advice would be to setup a Linux or OpenBSD box as router. (I run TOR on
my Linux router).  Either that or get a hardware router that runs Linux such
as the Linksys WRT54G(S) Then set the number of tracked connections to a
very large number such as:
echo "32768" > /proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_conntrack_max
see: I assume that something similar can be done to *BSD google for info on
messing with the WRT54G (you probably want to use a custom Firmware of some
sort that has SSH)
information: Are you sure it isn't just a stability problem with your router? People are
quick to assume that everybody is out to censor them, when often nobody is
paying attention at all. :)
(The rate limiting option will help with instability problems too.)

@_date: 2005-06-18 11:44:20
@_author: Pat Frank 
@_subject: (FWD) Re: ISP Cutoff 
Hey guys, those suggestions were a huge help.  I downloaded and upgraded the
firmware in my router (D-Link DI-624), and actually got WPA out of the deal
for free, so you've saved me a big chunk of change right there.  =^D
I've reinstalled Tor and registered a new server (Totares1) and we'll see
how it goes with the traffic.
Thanks again!

@_date: 2005-06-19 20:15:13
@_author: Pat Frank 
@_subject: Bandwidth Limiting 
Hey all.  Since I upgraded my router it's been behaving a lot better, but it looks to
still be having the problem we talked about earlier, with too many TCP
connections.  Periodically it is restarting itself with an error posted to
its log about a SYN attack, which is certainly symptomatic of too many TCP
connections.  So I'd like to limit Tor's bandwidth on my server.  Problem is, I'm not sure
where to do that.  I found this entry in the FAQ:
But it doesn't actually state in there where the BandwidthRate and
BandwidthBurst options may be found.  I looked in the torrc file but didn't
see anything there.  Am I just missing something obvious here?  Thanks!  :-)

@_date: 2005-06-19 21:31:24
@_author: Pat Frank 
@_subject: Bandwidth Limiting 
Perfect, thanks Nick!  I added a note to the FAQ about that, in case any more knuckleheads like me
come along.  :-)
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sunday, June 19, 2005 8:19 PM
 [...]
Not every option that Tor excepts is included in the default sample torrc.
Just add the BandwidthRate and BandwidthBurst options yourself.
Nick Mathewson

@_date: 2005-06-23 11:08:22
@_author: Pat Frank 
@_subject: Tor as windows service 
When I did this all I had to do was copy the torrc file into c:\program
files\tor and run the command.  But I was logged in as administrator.  I see Martin earlier today asking
about running the service as NON-administrator.  My guess would be that the
command would fail in some way, perhaps as described by Bradley (or is that
Martin on another computer?).
Behalf Of Bradley
Sent: Thursday, June 23, 2005 12:11 AM
I cant seem to get my service working correctly. I followed the instructions
in the wiki, but it always seems to crash and get an error when the service
tries to start ("Could not start the service tor win32 on Local Computer -
Error 0xffffffff: 0xffffffff").. seems to work fine from the command line
though. Im running WinXP Corp...

@_date: 2005-09-27 20:23:35
@_author: Pat Frank 
@_subject: Regarding the blockage issue in general 
Folks, I'm a little confused.  There seems to be an unspoken fear here that
Tor needs to have 100% access to all web sites on the Web in order to be
successful.  But surely Tor is never going to be a perfect solution for all
Web browsing anyway.  Why not instead focus on building the proxy service
into Tor, throw a great big "ANON ON/OFF" switch for the whole package into
the System Tray, and let the user use it as they may?  After all, that also solves the problem of proxy slowdown (which I suspect
will have a much greater impact on casual user acceptance than the blockage
issue).  When you need privacy, you turn it on.  When you don't, you turn it
off.  Clickity click, the best of both worlds.  Tor is not "IP++".  It's "Dingledine AntiIdentity 2006".  It's something
that makes people anonymous *if they want to be*.  That's it.  This idea
that it should hum along quietly, below the radar, forcing politically
incorrect web site owners to comply with some people's idea of how the Web
should be.... viewing it as "The Tool That Set The Web Free and Saved The
World for Democracy"... all that stuff does is just set Tor up for failure.
Look at it this way: You're improving the operating system, not rescuing the
World Wide Web.  You're giving Web users something they never had before --
a switch for anonymity.  Does Microsoft do this?  Linux?  Solaris?  Nope.
When I finish installing Windows, there's no big red privacy switch on my
desktop.  Why not?  This is where Tor's awesome potential lies -- in
extending the Web, not enforcing political concepts.  Just my two bits, for what it's worth. Pat Frank, pat at patfrank.com   "Never interrupt me while I am adjusting my tin foil hat!"
