
@_date: 2005-09-13 21:32:19
@_author: patrick.stabler@web.de 
@_subject: Suggestion for upcoming releases of TOR. (Hibernation) 
I'm running both a TOR Node and a TOR Hidden Service.
For limiting the bandwidth of the TOR Node I use the hibernation feature (AccountingStart day/AccountingMax).
I don't want any traffic limit for the Hidden Service.
Now I'm experiencing a "big" problem. Every time the Node reaches it's daily limit my Hidden Service goes down too.
I've read somewhere on the list, that this is the "normal behaviour" of TOR.
Now the question/suggestion:
Is it possible to implement the hibernation in a way that the Hidden Service Bandwidth Limit can be set independet from the Nodes' Bandwidth Limit?
For example:
I have some basic C knowledge, but my knowledge is too little to do these changes on my own and maybe my wish/suggestion would be useful for others, too.
That's it. Sorry for my bad english and I hope you understand what I am trying to say.
If not... don't bother to tell me ;)
Verschicken Sie romantische, coole und witzige Bilder per SMS!
Jetzt bei WEB.DE FreeMail:

@_date: 2005-09-14 11:05:39
@_author: patrick.stabler@web.de 
@_subject: Suggestion for upcoming releases of TOR. (Hibernation) 
Yes... of course I could consider the "accouting for everything" as a feature; but for me it is definitely not. :(
Running two TOR installations is a good idea for solving this problem but that also means that I'll have to update them both everytime a new version comes out. Being a lazy sysop, that's the real problem for me. ;)
I'll think about it. Thanks for your reply.
Nevertheless I hope that my suggestion convinced one of the TOR developers to put the "independent accounting" (in the last row) on the wishlist. If not... it's ok for me too.
Have a nice day.
or-talk at freehaven.net schrieb am 14.09.05 00:39:16:
Erweitern Sie FreeMail zu einem noch leistungsst?rkeren E-Mail-Postfach!		
Mehr Infos unter

@_date: 2005-09-20 01:03:28
@_author: patrick.stabler@web.de 
@_subject: privoxy test request 
Hi Giorgos!
Sometimes TOR is very slow for me too.
But as Dustin already mentioned; most of the time it is much faster than a dial-up connection.
And sometimes it can be, depending on the circuit, really fast. :)
Did you know that you are able to choose your prefered exit-node with the following command:
For example:
(You want to browse google.com, your prefer gammator as your exit-node)
Just pick some nodes from and try if you're able to get some better results.
or-talk at freehaven.net schrieb am 19.09.05 19:48:54:
Erweitern Sie FreeMail zu einem noch leistungsstarkeren E-Mail-Postfach!		
Mehr Infos unter
