
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:14:28
@_author: Craw 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Spoofing a browser profile to prevent fingerprinting 
Hello everybody,
You know, there are some various methods of fingerprinting a browser.
Plugins and plugin-provided information are still the most useful in
uniquely identifying a browser, but there are also some other
information that can be used to fingerprint a Tor user, like user
agent, screen resolution, time zone, etc.
I think it can be helpful to spoof real browser profile to random
temporary one. Each browser profile includes user-agent (browser
name/version), platform (OS name/version), screen resolution, time
zone (depends on country of an exit-relay, so, perhaps, mismatch of it
can cause suspicion?). So, my suggestion is to generate random browser
profile during each identity session, or randomly switch them after a
chosen period of time has expired. By making this, some important info
about users will be unreachable for an attacker and fingerprinting
will be more difficult.
Here's a link on open-source repository of Firefox add-one which code
we can use for Tor Browser -
Also I suggest to:
- forbid HTML5 Canvas by default
- use only standard font set (can be used for fingerprinting)
- set network.http.sendRefererHeader value "0" by default (allows
sites to track referer, but some sites can be broken! add ability to
switch on/off referer?)
Let me know about your thoughts,
Looking forward to hear from you, Pavel.

@_date: 2014-07-29 00:34:56
@_author: Craw 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Spoofing a browser profile to prevent fingerprinting 
Hash: SHA1
Thank you for your answer!
I've just thought a bit about various methods to prevent
fingerprinting browser profile (incl. UA/screen resolution/time
zone/fonts/etc.), and here is two ways I've found:
a) all tor-users have the same browser profile
b) all tor-users have random temporary browser profile
In my opinion our current strategy to reduce among all tor-users
fingerprintable differences is correct. In such case the only that can
 an attacker do to determine one user from other is their Tor IP
address, but if you will often change between them it becomes
impossible for the attacker.
And for variant b), it's much easier to do. A lot of users connect to
web-sites from one exit-relay and have the same Tor IP address, but
different profiles. So even if you will randomly generate new profile
every minute, you have your unique profile so the attacker can easily
determine: this actions made by different users. In contrary, when
everybody has the same profile, it's much harder to do.
About Referer: we shouldn't disable the Referer by default because
many sites rely on it, but I think we should add an option to the
TorButton settings list "Disable the Referer Header". How can I
contact TorButton developers or do it by myself?

@_date: 2014-07-29 23:50:25
@_author: Craw 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Spoofing a browser profile to prevent fingerprinting 
Hash: SHA1
Real privacy or false feeling of pseudo-privacy?
"It breaks lots of sites" - now it's the only reason why JS is enabled.
We do everything to make Tor easy-to-use for all users... but we give
them only a false feeling of pseudo-privacy. Adequately determine your
aim and the enemy's abilities. Your aim is to be anonymous. Who's your
enemy? Other users, neighbors, provider? No, you want to hide from the
government. So, your enemy controls ALL channels of communication.
Using SOCKS for torrent, Tor Browser or VPN you've bought on your
credit card, I2P on Windows - it's just playing in hide'n'seek: you
are invisible while nobody is looking for you.
TailsOS with virtual machine, where all connections go only through
Tor and I2P, VPN registered for a fake person and bought on Bitcoin...
That's all not something paranoidal - it's just the basic way to stay
anonymous. And make JS enabled by default only because it's
comfortable - well, maybe it's more comfortable to use proxy instead
of tor?
