
@_date: 2005-09-24 00:11:50
@_author: Sam Peterson 
@_subject: Rate limiting myself? 
Hash: SHA1
I just setup a middlman Tor node, RandomBox and got myself registered.
One question I have...I've set the rate limit to 20k and I've noticed
that surfing via Tor is a lot slower now.  Images begin to load and then
hang, then finally complete downloading.  I'm curious; if I set the rate
limit for the server, will that effect normal client usage of my Tor
instance?  And if so, is there a way around this other than to run the
server instance on another machine?  I realize it's probably a very good
idea to run the server on a dedicated machine, but that's not a
possibility for me right now.
It seems like the slowness of my Tor as a client happened recently.
Everything outside of Tor is speedy as ever, so it's not my upstream
bandwidth getting saturated.  Is this just a usual weather pattern as of
late in the Tor network?

@_date: 2005-09-25 15:41:53
@_author: Sam Peterson 
@_subject: IP address blocking problem 
Hash: SHA1
Oh a number of reasons my friend.  First of all they could be total
bigots and decided to have pre-emptively blocked your IP address since
it's listed as an exit proxy.  I've heard of people doing this.
Secondly, if your exit node was used by someone doing something
unscrupulous and was reported to a black list, that would do it too.
This is why I don't run an exit proxy, but instead a middle man node.
This lets me contribute to the Tor network without risking the (one) IP
I have for all of my Internet needs.  Despite that, I still may get
blocked by some people.
It's not that I don't want to run an exit proxy; if I had a spare IP I'd
run an exit proxy, that way if the Tor IP gets blocked, I still have an
unblocked IP I can use to get to things myself without anonymity if I
wanted to.

@_date: 2005-09-25 19:03:09
@_author: Sam Peterson 
@_subject: IP address blocking problem 
Hash: SHA1
A thought occured to me, since you have only one IP, I'm guessing that
you have a dynamic IP?  Have you thought about staying offline for 48-72
hours and seeing if when you come back up you end up with a different
IP?  The DHCP lease of IPs often expire after that length of time at
which point you might end up with a new one.

@_date: 2005-09-25 21:15:08
@_author: Sam Peterson 
@_subject: IP address blocking problem 
Hash: SHA1
As an extra precaution you might want to unplug any dsl or cable modem
you use as well as any router.  This may not be necessary as I believe
the only piece of equipment that needs to be offline is whatever MAC
address recieves that particular DHCP lease (someone with more
networking knowledge want to correct me?) however, I know that cable
modems have MAC addresses and DSL modems might (again, someone with more
networking knowledge want to put me straight?) so you never know.
Better to err on the side of caution with this.  If your provider uses
PPPoE I'm not sure how that works or effects it, but I would think given
72 hours you'd almost be certain to end up with a new IP.  This is how
the dhcpd deamon on a red hat box of mine worked anyway, it had 24 hour
lease times by default.  Another thing you can try is a new network card
or router.  Given a new MAC address, you may recieve a new IP right away
and hence not have to be down for that long.
I'm curious that remailers would even choose to black list at all, it
doesn't make a lot of sense to me.  Due to latency and reliability I
always assumed the remailer network was never a desirable vehicle of
spam, but of course I've got no data to back up that assumption (doesn't
AOL block most of the remailer network?  Heck, they block my personal IP
address because I'm not a known ISP, I have to use my ISP's smtp server
to talk to  addresses).
Indeed.  Does he/she have contact info?  You may be able to explain the
situation to him/her.

@_date: 2010-01-08 11:56:37
@_author: Sam Peterson 
@_subject: Anonymity risks of 2 vs 3 hops 
Having read the heated discussion regarding some people's suggestion
on the list to provide an option to reduce the number of hops in a
circuit, I'm curious about something and was wondering if someone
smarter than I could enlighten me.
Clearly smarter minds agree that 3 hops are necessary.  However, I'm
confused as to why, other than probability arguments.  Now I clearly
understand why 1 hop is bad.  However, with 2 instead of 3, I'm not
sure I see how it makes things that much worse.  I understand it makes
things a bit worse, but I don't understand how it makes things
overwhelmingly worse.
I understand that with 3 hops, the entry node and middle node have no
idea whether or not they are the beginning or middle of a circuit,
which means they can never assume that who they're sending information
to will be the exit.
I understand that when only 2 hops are used, an entry node actually
can assume that the traffic it relays will exit from the destination
it sends it to.  However, the entry node still doesn't know the final
destination, and the exit node doesn't know the origin.
Certainly a rouge entry node could be monitoring it's outgoing tor
traffic and correlating the destination information to, say, a website
owned by the operator to try and compromise people's anonymity.
Certainly this makes end-to-end monitoring a bit easier to accomplish
and correlate, but doesn't TOR already state that it makes no attempt
to protect from end-to-end monitoring attacks?
Clearly the experts think it makes things considerably easier here, so
maybe there's something I'm missing.  I appreciate all tutelage.

@_date: 2010-01-08 11:57:45
@_author: Sam Peterson 
@_subject: Understanding CircID 
I'm not an expert (please someone correct me if any of the below is
wrong), but from how I have read the design paper for TOR and the
terminology used regarding CircID is that it's an identifier used on
each side of a link between two onion routers and is only known by the
two onion routers on that link.
For example, a client has created a circuit (client -> A -> B -> C).
The client and A have a unique CircID (we'll call it client2A).  A and
B have a unique CircID we'll call A2B.  The same principle applies to
the link between B and C.
Now, A knows that client2A and A2B are part of the same logical
circuit.  However, A doesn't know or care what the CircID between B
and C is.  It simply knows that if it receives a cell on  client2A it
should decrypt its layer of encryption on the cell and forward the
rest of the cell  out on A2B.
The "table" you mention is just an internal data structure of the Tor
program.  Above, A keeps its own table in memory which knows that
client2A and A2B are part of the same logical circuit.  Once the
circuit is torn down, that information is gone.
