
@_date: 2008-08-21 17:36:45
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: xB Mail: Anonymous Email Client 
Hello Arrakis
thanks for this idea and software. Many replies already in the archive of
Some suggestions.
I would devide the license question
a) we need an open source GPL email client, which sends only PGP encrypted
b) we need an underlaying mix network with outproxies, which is could be
another license maybe.
(as the mail is encrypted, then no matter which outproxy is used, if open
soruce trasnport or not).
The mixing network is hiding the original IP adress. Tor or mixmaster or i2p
with recoded outproxies for one port for mail.
There are 3 similar projects, which should be considered:
NUNTIUS LEO EMAIL
is developing a Qt Email client, which is sending PGP encrypted emails.
RetroShare Email Client
QT as well and has PGP Key pair encrpyted Messaging, instant and offlline.
The offline mail is queued until both clients are online for a handshake. So
currently  is not possible, as it is serverless.
-> Merge: As retroshare uses XPGP key currently, and a change is soon done
to PGP keys, it is a good idea to add Nuntius Leo Email client as well to
RetroShare Gui as integration or as a plugin.
So the basic concept is, to have an adressbook, which pre-defines your
Friends or Mailadresses.
In one Email client, which is based on PGP Keys, you need to swap with your
mail-partner the key.
That is no lack, as you can send your PGP key as well over one first
unencrypted email (into one special folder for approval it arrives).
But I think it is better encryption is you have no end to end encryption but
swapping keys.
Mailinglists then need to be redefined, as you need from each participant
the key, tha could be done as well over one first approval/joining email,
which all participants sign.
Third there is SIMPLE-MAIL as a Firefox addon
Telega is the author and is currently coding a XUL gui for retroshare
instant messenger, you find it here:
This library is currently not open source, but the auther may think about
XUL allows as well a standalone application.
The idea, to join as well in XUL a mail client with PGP keys and the
libretroshare Instant Messenger is already placed.
You see, 2 Projects, on its way bringing online and offline communication
together, both based on PGP keys.
That is why you should be compatible to PGP key exchange. Does FirePGP
provide this?
Please answer, if you are interested in one or the other project to join the
acting persons and projects.
If one of that projects has been done, it allows, to send PGP email out of
the box and maybe as well there is a RELEASE email client, which allows ONLY
to send PGP emails (excapt the one incoming folder for approval mails with
the PGP key of users, which want to connect to you).
If THAT is done, then the project needs an underlaying network to maybe
spoof the IP adress by a mixing cascade.
It would be good, to have that seperated, so that as well other applications
use that mix network,
So that is tor or i2p.
Mixmaster dunno who set those nodes up?
Do you really think, mixmaster has enough nodes? Do you really think that a
tif-for-tat model is good, so that each one running the PGP-Email-Client
should be as well at the same time an Outproxy for other mails? No..
And: Regarding webmail: I want an email client, With Tor it is already
possible to surf to webmail accounts.
What we need is an email client, so either simple mail, which needs a join
and an adresses idea to be made open source, or either Nuntius Leo email
Do you really want to make a new proxy network only for email-mixture?
More important is to have an GPL open source email client, which is sending
by default only PGP-key-Encrypted emails to pre-defined recievers. The
mailinglist problem and approval problems are just a question of precesses
and approval culture.
Then the underlaying network:
Tor is a good idea, if there are enough outproxies.
Otherwise i2p could get an addon in java, to have mail-outproxies only.
third model would be a mixmaster code integrated into the email client, so
that each one is an outproxy, but then please consider, that it needs to be
PGP encrypted email, so that sending only to-pre-defined recievers is
possible, otherwise the outproxies would not be established, and on the
other hand: All mails MUST be PGP key encrypted, so that the Outproxies
cannot read them,
So ideally a good way is to start with retroshare/retromessenger over Tor,
to have this online communication established, later then the Nuntuis leo or
Simplemail client is ready to be added for serverbased- at -mail.
RetroShare itself has played around with i2p, as it solves some internal
connection problems, but that was one year ago and now they are solved over
STUN. So choose Tor  or Mixmaster, to Spoof the IP adress for offline and
online messages.
Thanks for a feedback, how you go on
Regards Max

@_date: 2008-08-21 22:15:09
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: xB Mail: Anonymous Email Client 
I would not use any other plain text client, which is sending over hop- and
Mixmaster I did not tried, maybe too less nodes, tor is good, i2p has no
outproxies coded in yet, so it would be tor.
No, no central server is needd. you just neeed an adressbook, which saves
the emaila dress and the PGP key refering to it into one adress card, then
you have the adress and the enxryption key and as well the PGP key is the
instant messenger adress for retromessenger.sf.net / libretroshare /
So as you are already familiar with TOR from Xerobank-Browser, I suggest to
build nuntius leo (and later retroshare) over Tor. Do you need the contact
to the development team? then I forward your request to the collegues.
Though, simplemail XUl XPI for Firefox would be as well integrateable into
XeroBank browser ?! we should ask telega for making it open source?
Thanks Max

@_date: 2008-08-10 10:10:39
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: Gmail/SSL 
that is nor relly an encryption news, as the problem is not the ISP reading
Gmail Emails, but Google reading Gmail Emails.
Is there any way to encrypt the Gmail accounts? Like with enigmail -> GENIG
So ok, both users need to install this plugin and it would be not able to be
uses in the webmail acoount I guess,
but for a normal Thunderbird users of Gmail it should be possible to use
enigmail or any tother PGP encryption? Maybe retroshare.sf.net or
 over Gmail? Whatever. Mime/SSL encryption.
That would be a nice plugin for Gmail, to exclude Google from reading my
emails. maybe as flash integrated in the browser of the gmail web account.
Sorry, maybe offtopic, but I thinkt hat is even more needed that surfing
anonmous with tor.
The retention data od the IP is less interesting than the spy on CONTENT.
Emails and Websites of course.

@_date: 2008-06-24 21:26:43
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: OnionCat -- An IP-Transparent TOR Hidden Service Connector 
Hiho,, cool codings,
does that mean, emule and torrent can run over tor now?
Was that not something, that was not desired?
How may Outproxies are then needed by the tor network?
On Sun, Jun 22, 2008 at 10:54 AM, Bernhard Fischer

@_date: 2008-06-24 21:26:43
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: OnionCat -- An IP-Transparent TOR Hidden Service Connector 
Hiho,, cool codings,
does that mean, emule and torrent can run over tor now?
Was that not something, that was not desired?
How may Outproxies are then needed by the tor network?
On Sun, Jun 22, 2008 at 10:54 AM, Bernhard Fischer

@_date: 2008-06-24 23:10:30
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: OnionCat -- An IP-Transparent TOR Hidden Service Connector 
On Tue, Jun 24, 2008 at 11:01 PM, Robert Hogan  that exists: but the applications need to be recoded to base64 keys,
with onionCAT every app with a proxy can be used with its IP adresses.
why should that not scale for TORemule? and Torchat gets a competition with
So imule and Torchat are dead.  toremule and retroshare-onioncat will evolve
as alternatives.

@_date: 2008-06-24 23:18:23
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: OnionCat -- An IP-Transparent TOR Hidden Service Connector 
Would it be useful, that each onioncat installation is as well a tor router?
then all is fine, as every node is routing other nodes, and while that
adding one node to the network.
As emule to emule both need onioncat, all is as well fine, and no outproxy
is used for bandwidth.
For RetroShare and other applications the question is, how to reach users
with normal IP adresses, which do not use any onionCat.
What are the plans here, to mix onioncat users with normal IP users (as well
ipv4 users) from the normal web over TOR Outproxy servers?

@_date: 2008-06-24 23:18:23
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: OnionCat -- An IP-Transparent TOR Hidden Service Connector 
Would it be useful, that each onioncat installation is as well a tor router?
then all is fine, as every node is routing other nodes, and while that
adding one node to the network.
As emule to emule both need onioncat, all is as well fine, and no outproxy
is used for bandwidth.
For RetroShare and other applications the question is, how to reach users
with normal IP adresses, which do not use any onionCat.
What are the plans here, to mix onioncat users with normal IP users (as well
ipv4 users) from the normal web over TOR Outproxy servers?

@_date: 2008-03-22 12:00:18
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: USB-Stick Security Software Suite released 
Hallo, frohe Ostern.
die Sicherheitssoftware TOR des AK habe ich nun auch als USB-Stick-Version
gesehen: Siehe Anlage, ich leite es mal weiter.
Kann der Foebud den Privacy Dongle erstetzen durch diese Software auf einem
8 GB Stick? ggf kann man das USB-Launchpad ja noch weiterentwickeln...
Technik (und alle anderen) bitte mal schauen..  Stefan, kannst Du das RAR
auch bei dir zum HTTP-Download anbieten, damit alle anderen auch laden
k?nnen zum austesten?
Falls es dann bei allen funktioniert, kann die Software zu Pfingsten auf die
AK-Main-Homepage zum Http-Download? b.R.
Danke Gruss Max
Hello, found that security software for USB stick
The AK-Vorrat CD.ROM "Freiheit statt Angst" is now available for an
Please download p2p to test (all is open source license):
Preview: This is the upcoming Homepage of the AMNESIA-USB Stick:
You can download the current security stick software (windows) with three
download locations. Un-rar on you harddisk or on a 4, better 8 GB USB stick
(copy truecrypt-path on the stick, create a 7-GB-Truecrypt-Container on the
8-GB-Stick, and copy the softwarepath there). Start the GO.exe
The stick contains the following open source apps portable: truecrpyt,
retroshare, offsystem, yacy websearch, firefox, email, openoffice, IMule,
Tor, 7Zip, CD-ROM-Burning software, Mp3s of AK-Vorrat. The software is open
source license and contains NO adware or spyware. Please mirror the
ed2k (  )
HTTP-DOWNLOAD: please don?t use it, use p2p download !!!
.. will come later...

@_date: 2008-11-22 12:18:51
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: RetroMessenger over Tor / TorMessenger 
RetroMessenger has been released for linux
Is there anything to make it working over Tor?
Anyone tested already? i guess the library core has to be change to work
over tor?

@_date: 2008-11-23 14:06:20
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: article about Tor in german language 
Hi is anyone able to write an article about Tor in german language?
summary needs to be send till end of the month and article needs to be
finished end of January
Take you chance..

@_date: 2008-11-09 12:36:37
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: is tor an email mixmaster? 
want to know, if tor is as well an email mixmaster,
e.g. we have an email client, which is sending only pgp encrypted emails,
then the ISP is excluded as he cannot read, but data retention laws allow to
log the IP from where the email is sent and the email server knows the last
exit point of the encrypted package (email).
If now in this email client an onion routing system would be enabled, then
all email (enc. Packages) would be routed, and some exit nodes would deliver
Is this already possible with Tor? Are there enough exit nodes? would it be
possible and useful for email services to force every node to be an exit
node for encry. packets to email accounts? how much bandwidth is a node
requiring then for mixing/forwarding emails only?
are there developers working on that? or interested?

@_date: 2008-11-09 14:03:53
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: is tor an email mixmaster? 
is it possible to make a kind of tor button, so that all users using a kind
of email client are a outproxy or hidden service, or must it be hidden
so a torbutton with default on smtp relay /exitnode for email?
On Sun, Nov 9, 2008 at 2:00 PM, Karsten N.

@_date: 2008-11-09 18:17:43
@_author: M. Peterson 
@_subject: is tor an email mixmaster? 
Hi Andrew, you missed one important point, tor-email-button is done in an
email client, which is sending openPGP encrypted emails only,
then you have an exit node, sending the packet to the mail server - or not,
if the mail has not been delivered, the mail was not going out, so the smtp
server sends that notice back.
So everyone who runs tor-email-button in that mail client (we already have
one in mind) is able to send the message out or can pop up the mails (which
should be encrypted).
Well the question is every node or not is an outproxy is not the question,
the question is, if we can architect that for an email client, sending PGP
encrypted mails only, then many problems are solved.

@_date: 2009-04-13 14:59:54
@_author: Max 
@_subject: tor on windows mobile 
soon every email will be read on mobil devices, e.g. with windows mobile
operating system.
For e.g.  email project or onion cat hidden servics it is
useful to have Tor as well on mobile phones.
Is there any development to use tor on mobile?
Regards Max

@_date: 2009-06-13 10:07:28
@_author: Max 
@_subject: Bitblinder = Tor 2 
Tor 2 is out: it is faster. why? everyone is an exitnode or forwarder.
What about changing the Tor 1 policy to be everyone as well an exit node by
see as well tor button here

@_date: 2009-10-29 20:45:19
@_author: Max 
@_subject: Tor WIN in germany :) 
who was your lawyer?
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-02-24 18:37:27
@_author: Max 
@_subject: TorChat is a security hazard 
did anyone tried  over tor?
maybe it needs a proxy function.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-02-08 17:51:44
@_author: Max 
@_subject: Announce: amnesia Live system 0.4.2 
Thanks for the info, it is recommended to add these apps too:
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-02-11 22:13:29
@_author: Max 
@_subject: RetroShare v 0.5 is out (encrypted messenger) 
in the feature patch section is a http server code for browsing the
web over friends, not peers. like syphon.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
