
@_date: 2005-04-17 22:12:40
@_author: Rachel Llorenna 
@_subject: Publishing node IPs 
I think that, above all, the EFF supports choice. It is an
administrator's choice (and right) to completely block Tor users
should they choose to do so. This administration cannot legally force
you to view their web site or connect to their IRC server or IM
Tor isn't designed for ban evasion in media such as IRC that use IP
addresses for user authentication. Networks like freenode that support
Tor still occaisionally find it necessary to restrict access to Tor
users, especially during ongoing attacks.
Tor provides privacy and anonymity, it does not inherently protect
your right to free speech for a good reason: the software has no way
of knowing whether or not your freedoms are infringing on the rights
of others. Your rights end where mine begin: for example, you have
freedom of speech and expression so long as it does not interfere with
my human rights; and on a server I administer, I have the right to
make the rules so long as they do not conflict with legislation in the
server's jurisdiction.
If I choose to restrict all Tor users, then so be it; that's my choice
to make. I just need to be aware that I'm probably taking away more
from users than I am adding to their experience and possibly need to
consider other user authenticity verification methods such as
requiring code verification images to be copied and submitted.

@_date: 2005-04-18 07:35:04
@_author: Rachel Llorenna 
@_subject: Publishing node IPs 
While I agree with the notion that ISP's banning huge segments of the
Internet from e-mail and other services in an attempt to stop spam is
bad, it's something that is ultimately the choice and responsibility
of the ISP, and we have no right to compel them to change that. I both
understand Verizon's frustration with all the spam that passes through
their network and your/EFF's position in that it takes more away from
users than gives back.
We can only hope that Sender Policy Framework/Microsoft's Sender ID
initiative will prevent this from being necessary anymore.
Unfortunately, many places don't like Tor too much because of all the
abuse, and while I disagree with outright banning of Tor exit points,
we have to accept that in many cases it's necessary.
It would be nice if Tor users had more accountability for their
actions within the network, but that would go completely against what
the EFF is trying to promote with the Tor network: anonymity instead
of just pseudonymity. However, what the EFF shouldn't be trying to
promote is abuse from script kiddies who have nothing better to do
than annoy opers on IRC by flooding and wasting bandwidth (both IRC's
and the Tor network's.)
The only thing we can do is try to convince Verizon that there are
better ways to stop spam than blocking networks completely; but I'm
sure you can appreciate the fact that they get rather tired of dealing
with all that spam. I suppose the user's friends will have to get
e-mail accounts hosted in the US; perhaps Yahoo or Google Mail or one
of the plethora of other free e-mail accounts offered. That, however,
makes Verizon look pretty stupid for blocking Europe, since it's
trivial to get around their restrictions.

@_date: 2006-06-25 10:07:48
@_author: Rachel Llorenna 
@_subject: Tor Leaking 
I know that this is becoming a stale thread, but perhaps they were
referring to the unique cookies that Google and some other search
engines use to track searches. In this case, Tor has nothing to do
with the privacy issues as it's application data leaking- so you need
another program to scrub it before it is sent out.
These are two descriptions of options from the CustomizeGoogle
extension for Mozilla Firefox:
- Anonymize the Google cookie UID: "Avoid the possibility of Google
building up a cohesive profile about you. This does not block your
access to Google Account services, such as GMail. Some services may be
affected. For example, in Google Groups the list of 'Recently visited'
groups becomes empty."
- Don't send any cookies to Google Analytics: "Google Analytics (also
known as Urchin) is a service from Google that helps website owners
analyze how users use their sites. Informatio nabout your use of a
certain web site (including your IP address) can automatically be
transmitted to and stored by Google using cookies."
I'm sure other search engines do the same or similar things. It's best
to use an extension like this one to ensure that your activities
aren't recorded because once all the data is collected, they can be
correlated to a unique user.
CustomizeGoogle is available via  or the
Mozilla Firefox extension archive and includes a bunch of other useful
features as well.
