
@_date: 2014-07-04 01:35:49
@_author: raiogam mestri 
@_subject: [tor-talk] use gpg or fork in tor 
i'm a devif tor not use it is nsa can spy torif not 2 key 1 for encript and 1 for decript not workanyone and someone have encript key anyone and someone  encript and send to user via torthe user have decript keyand receive the code encript via torand decrypt they
i  search "open source" and look this after is line is quote.NSA says it only gathers such data for "valid foreign intelligence purposes."by Cyrus Farivar - July 3 2014, 3:40pm HBNATIONAL SECURITY35 Enlarge  / The structure of a three-hop Tor circuit.NSA LEAKSNew Snowden docs: NSA spies on pretty much everyone abroadPakistan, Iran, and? USA? New heatmap shows where NSA hacksWhat the NSA can (and can?t) mine from intercepted photosSnowden complained about mass surveillance tactics to his NSA mastersNSA loves The Bahamas so much it records all its cellphone callsView all?Two Germany-based Tor Directory Authority  servers, among others, have been specifically targeted by the National Security Agency?s XKeyscore program, according to a new report  from German public broadcaster ARD. Tor  is a well-known open source project designed to keep users anonymous and untraceable?users' traffic is encrypted and bounced across various computers worldwide to keep it hidden.This marks the first time that actual source code  from XKeyscore has been published. ARD did not say how or where it obtained the code. Unlike many other NSA-related stories, the broadcaster did not specifically mention the information being part of the trove leaked by whistleblower Edward Snowden.XKeyscore is one of the high-level NSA surveillance programs that have been revealed via Snowden over the last year. The interface allows NSA and allied intelligence agencies to search all kinds of short-term data captured directly off of various Internet Exchanges worldwide.This new code, which was published on Thursday, appears to flag people who are believed to live outside the United States and who request Tor bridge information via e-mail or who search for or download Tor or the security-minded TAILS operating system . Those users' IP addresses can then be tracked for further monitoring.The report?s authors include Jacob Appelbaum, a well-known American computer security researcher who has taken up residence in Berlin. Appelbaum is also a paid employee of the Tor Project. Two others listed as authors are either contractors or volunteers to Tor.?Their research in this story is wholly independent from the Tor Project and does not reflect the views of the Tor Project in any way,? ARD stated in a disclosure. ?During the course of the investigation, it was further discovered that an additional computer system run by Jacob Appelbaum for his volunteer work with helping to run part of the Tor network was targeted by the NSA. Moreover, all members of this team are Tor users and appear to be have been targets of the mass surveillance described in the investigation.?FURTHER READINGBUILDING A PANOPTICON: THE EVOLUTION OF THE NSA?S XKEYSCOREHow the NSA went from off-the-shelf to a homegrown "Google for packets."The code specifically cites IP addresses of the Tor Directory Authority?these servers act as the nine high-level control points that make up the backbone of the Tor Network. These authorities are what keep track of new Tor relays, and they are updated every hour.Tor was originally developed as part of the Onion Routing project at the US Naval Research Laboratory . While today it exists as an independent nonprofit organization headquartered in Massachusetts, it still receives 60 percent of its income  (PDF) from US government sources. Tor is used by journalists, law enforcement, military officers, and activists worldwide.Another rule in the published code shows that the NSA is also targeting users of an anonymous e-mail program called MixMinion , which is hosted on a server at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Roger Dingledine, who is the head of the Tor Project, also runs this MixMinion server.Vanee Vines, the spokeswoman for the NSA, responded to Ars' request for comment with the same statement that she provided to ARD:In carrying out its mission, NSA collects only what it is authorized by law to collect for valid foreign intelligence purposes?regardless of the technical means used by foreign intelligence targets. The communications of people who are not foreign intelligence targets are of no use to the agency.In January, President Obama issued U.S. Presidential Policy Directive 28 , which affirms that all persons?regardless of nationality?have legitimate privacy interests in the handling of their personal information, and that privacy and civil liberties shall be integral considerations in the planning of U.S. signals intelligence activities.The president's directive also makes clear that the United States does not collect signals intelligence for the purpose of suppressing or burdening criticism or dissent, or for disadvantaging persons based on their ethnicity, race, gender, sexual orientation, or religion.XKeyscore is an analytic tool that is used as a part of NSA's lawful foreign signals intelligence collection system. Such tools have stringent oversight and compliance mechanisms built in at several levels. The use of XKeyscore allows the agency to help defend the nation and protect U.S. and allied troops abroad.All of NSA's operations are conducted in strict accordance with the rule of law, including the President's new directive.

@_date: 2014-07-27 01:08:08
@_author: raiogam mestri 
@_subject: [tor-talk] outernet help of tor volunter 
a my post in outernet is a open source project o anon and high speed internet is need of tor volunter to post in  is comment help tor and help a outernet the admin post in my topic in outernet for me and all tor volunter...i is one of few outernet and tor volunter of two same time i'm one and i get more people of two project for symbioze of projects

@_date: 2014-11-03 18:37:47
@_author: raiogam mestri 
@_subject: [tor-talk] go impeachman go 2 
Position yourself against the Bolivarian communist expansion in Brazil promoted by the administration of Dilma RousseffOn 10/26, Dilma Rousseff was reelected, and will continue his party's plan to establish a communist regime in Brazil - the Bolivarian molds propounded by the Foro de S?o Paulo. We know that in the eyes of the international community, the election was fully democratic, but the ballot boxes used are not reliable, apart from the fact the heads of the judiciary, are mostly members of the winning party. Social policies also influenced the choice of the president, and people were threatened with losing their food allowance if they do not re-elect Dilma. We call a White House position in relation to communist expansion in Latin America. Brazil does not want and will not be a new Venezuela, and the USA that need help the promoters of democracy and freedom in Brazil.

@_date: 2014-11-03 20:25:53
@_author: raiogam mestri 
@_subject: [tor-talk] go impeachman go 2 
dilma is criminal bitch its a like send to cuba american territory and i a'm a br
Position yourself against the Bolivarian communist expansion in Brazil promoted by the administration of Dilma RousseffOn 10/26, Dilma Rousseff was reelected, and will continue his party's plan to establish a communist regime in Brazil - the Bolivarian molds propounded by the Foro de S?o Paulo. We know that in the eyes of the international community, the election was fully democratic, but the ballot boxes used are not reliable, apart from the fact the heads of the judiciary, are mostly members of the winning party. Social policies also influenced the choice of the president, and people were threatened with losing their food allowance if they do not re-elect Dilma. We call a White House position in relation to communist expansion in Latin America. Brazil does not want and will not be a new Venezuela, and the USA that need help the promoters of democracy and freedom in Brazil.

@_date: 2014-11-11 22:53:39
@_author: raiogam mestri 
@_subject: [tor-talk] anonabox : the Tor hardware router 
Tor in a BoxWhat is the anonabox? The anonabox is an embedded linux device that routes all Internet traffic over the Tor network. This provides the security, anonymity and censorship-bypassing power of the Tor network without having to download or configure software. This is the first commercially available router to do this where all the software is Open Source.  You could call the anonabox a cloaking device. It not only hides your location and online activity, but also allows uncensored access to the web in places where Internet sites are blocked or monitored. Normally to use Tor someone would download software called the Vidalia browser bundle and run it on their computer. Although this allows them access to the Tor network, it only encrypts Internet traffic within that browser, allowing other Internet traffic to leak through from other programs and potentially reveal the persons private information, Internet use and location.How Hard is it to Use?Pretty easy, first you plug in the usb power cable to power up the device a blue LED will come on letting you know its on. Then you plug in a cable to the side labled WAN and connect it to your router. Then with your wireless device (laptops, cell phones, tablets, etc) connect to it wirelessly. That it! If you want to connect by direct cable you plug in another cable to the side labled LAN.The anonabox is a physical device a person can plug into that ensures ALL traffic coming out of their computer no matter what is all routed into the Tor network, closing that potential security problem. Who is making this?The lead developer for this device is August Germar, an IT security professional with over a decade of enterprise level security experience as CTO of 2interactive; a conglomeration of Internet Service providers. While there he was responsible for security of a datacenter of corporate servers as well as dedicated and co-located servers for clients and spent countless hours defending them from a wide range of security threats. He now does consulting for business clients ranging from legal firms to hospitals. He also volunteers for the Tor support forum the Tor Stack Exchange, and is an admin for the official Tor project discussion page on LinkedIn. Is this the same device I saw on another crowd funding site?We first made a Kickstarter project for this. Our primary goal was to attract attention from developers who wanted to polish the code and bring a device like this to people who needed it, and maybe even have some fun along the way. We had never done a crowd funding project before, but thought the visibility of the site would help draw attention to the project from the developer community. Turns out, most of the people who saw it just wanted the device, but we got a lot of input from developers and the Open Source community as well. We never dreamed there would so much interest in this idea! We are happy we were wrong because now the attention and feedback we received was enough to make the device better than ever. The Open Source community rose to the occasion, and concerns were raised about the code for the operating system and configuration. Whereas the version posted was a plain vanilla proof of concept for developers like us to work on all the feedback allowed us to make the software better than ever too, and now we have an extremely secure updated version of the software and configs based on an updated version of the Open Source project called P.O.R.T.A.L, which is audited and maintained by one of the most respected members of the security community known as the grugq. We are also incorporating many ideas implemented by Jacob Applebaums work on the Debian branch of the Tor hardware router project to make sure it is as secure as possible. Our initial plan was to find people who wanted to work with us on a project to develop these devices, we asked for $7,500 and received 80 times that amount. With this money came an overwhelming influx of support and assistance, as well as scrutiny and criticism, all of which have been helpful in reshaping this new launch of a finalized, polished version of the product.Now that we know so many others share our interest in this device we are more excited than ever to get these into the hands of the people who want it. The interest in we saw was inconceivable before it was posted originally, but now that we know the scale of interest we are better prepared than ever to meet that demand.What made it better?After the feedback we got from the first crowdfunding campaign we went back to the drawing board and totally started over from scratch. The new version we are calling gen 5 will have:-All new totally custom circuit board avalable nowhere else in the world-Redesigned outer case and smaller form factor (images of the new case will be posted in the updates!)-Hardened version of OpenWrt the Open Source Operating system, -Latest version of Tor software and more secure configuration.-Automatic updates of Tor software (no need to configure!) What We Need & What You GetIn order to bring this device to the next level we need your help:-Adding features and customization's from the feedback from the first (developer focused) campaign costs more.-Part of creating this to meet demand requires FCC certification.-The funds from our backers will go to paying for production costs, and a portion will also be donated to the Official Tor Project and the Electronic Frontier foundation.-Some funds will also be used to bring online new exit nodes to increase the speed and resiliency of the Tor network overall. The ImpactWhy does the world need a device like this?Censorship at the national level is increasing every day in many countries around the world.Anonymous Internet access is becoming increasingly rare and difficult to attain for the average non-technical person.This will be the first Open Source commercially available device of its kind!Risks & ChallengesPeople value transparency. All sourcecode for this device will be released under the GPL licence and audited by some of the most respected security professionals in the world.The anonabox can't help you if you don't know how to use it. Instructions for proper use in detail will be available online at the time of shipment.Other Ways You Can HelpSome people just can't contribute, but that doesn't mean they can't help!Ask folks to get the word out and make some noise about this cause!Use the Indiegogo share tools!Not everyone can afford to purchase a device like this, so we will be posting detailed instructions and resources for building one yourself with hardware you might have already, it will just require your time and some technical expertise. Thank you again everyone who has show your support with both pledges and feedback, especially the developers. FAQIs this illegal?-No there is nothing illegal about using Tor.Can the software be updated by the enduser if a new version is released?-The device will update itself to the latest most secure version of Tor automatically over an encrypted connection.Will you ship to China?-Yes, we will ship anywhere in the world.Can I put it in between my modem and router?-Yes, you can use it that way and it will work but your network will be noticably slower, thats the tradeoff for using Tor.Will the anonabox effect latency on my gaming rig?-Yes, this is not meant to be used to play video games and you will have a lot of latency. You'd be better off using your LANCan I use the wifi and RJ45 ethernet LAN connections at the same time?-Yes you can use both the hardwired and wireless connections at the same time.Will I be able to access Tor when I connect to the device wirelessly and not to my router. Meaning I will have 2 routers and 2 access wireless points, 1 which is my own router being torless, and the second being the device to access Tor solely?-Yes, this is the typical way you would use it.How will I know its working?-You can check that the device is working at anytime by going to the anonobox connect to an external server for its VPN service?-No, Tor is not a VPN service, but it will connect to other Tor servers spread out all over the world.Where in the World are the Tor network servers located?-All over! Here is a map:  you exclude some traffic from going over Tor? Like Netflix or crashplan?-Not with this device. The way it is designed, everything no matter what you use is going to be routed over Tor.Will it slow down my connection to the Internet?-Yes, you will have a noticably slower connection. That is the tradeoff for having the power of Tor.I've read that some Tor dev have (or will have) a look at your device, is it true ? Are you working with them?-We are in contact with the official Tor project staff and they have agreed to audit the code before any devices ship out.Will I need to install the tor web browser or can I use any regular browser?-You can use any browser you like including the Tor browser bundle. You should know however that using the TBB will make the connection slower.Is the grugq a member of the anonabox team?No, but it would be wrong to not acknowledge the innovative work he has put in creating and auditing the PORTAL software, which is part of what makes this version so much better than before.  Can you show some images of the new case design?-Sure, here are a few

@_date: 2014-10-23 21:35:51
@_author: raiogam mestri 
@_subject: [tor-talk] *Everyone* 
A bunch of employees at the FCC, from young staff to senior lawyers, really want to do something to support net neutrality, but are unsure about taking a stand on their own. They need to hear from enough internet users that they feel it is their responsibility to speak up. When they go into their next meeting and say they've been getting thousand of calls about net neutrality, their bosses will listen. That?s why we?re unveiling a new website that will allow you to call a randomly selected top official at the FCC to demand real Title II net neutrality every day until the they announce their decision. Right now, please help call on *all* of the FCC to save the open Internet!
Big cable might have the money to send in their lobbyists to strike upon Washington - but we have the entire Internet. If enough dedicated Internet defenders can step up and call as much of the FCC from now until they make their decision, we can win this battle.
We took something that seemed impossible -- getting net neutrality from the FCC -- and made so much progress that Communication Daily is now calling it "inevitable." We've accomplished the impossible together before -- killing SOPA & derailing CISPA. The Internet can do incredible things if we band together and take smart, strategic actions to move the needle. Will you call the FCC with us?
?Yes, I?ll call the FCC and demand that they make real Title II net neutrality a reality.?
We?re so close to protecting the open Internet for generations to come, and it was only possible because of the amazing potential of the Internet as a medium for public action. The other side is spending millions to make sure they can control how the Internet works. To even the battlefield, we need to tell all of the FCC that they still have the chance to be a part of Team Internet and defend Title II net neutrality.
Click here to go use our new call tool to speak out for net neutrality and get more of the FCC on our side right now.
For the Internet,
Kevin and Tiffiniy
Fight for the Future
P.S. Creating organizing tools like these to contact the FCC uses up a lot of resources. Will you chip in $5 (or more!) today to make sure we can keep
  the pressure on while we have so much momentum?
P.P.S. Because of our work, the deadline for filing comments on Comcast merger has been delayed indefinitely. You can still send the FCC a note to show them that a Comcast takeover is a terrible thing for the Internet. Click here to send your comment to the FCC.

@_date: 2014-09-30 12:25:45
@_author: raiogam mestri 
@_subject: [tor-talk] McAfee warns of vulnerability in Mozilla encryption 
McAfee has issued a warning to all the users who use the Mozilla Firefox browser - and others who share his software encryption. According to security firm, a serious spoofing vulnerability signature in Mozilla NSS cryptographic library can allow malicious people to create tools that can harm consumers with relative ease. In addition to the Firefox browser, Mozilla NSS library can also be found in the Thunderbird, Seamonkey and even competitor in Google Chrome. Nicknamed "berserk", the vulnerability allows attackers to falsify signatures and divert authentication for sites that use SSL / TLS - which means that even websites like "https" can be forged with the malicious drivers. Despite the dangers of vulnerability, a package of updates for Firefox was released shortly after the issuance of the alert and is responsible for neutralization of problems. How Google also uses the encryption library in question, it is recommended that users of Google Chrome and Chrome OS also install the updates.
