
@_date: 2007-04-29 14:40:21
@_author: Michael G. Reed 
@_subject: Is switching IP addresses regularly beneficial as exit node? 
of changing your IP one step ahead of them blacklisting your IP.  If
someone wants to block it, they're going to block it....intrinsic to
the system is the fact that everyone knows all exit nodes - you need
to in order to build circuits, so all someone needs to do is make an
auto-fetcher to get the list and populate the blacklist off of it.
network or a block of it.  Really, this isn't going to be productive.

@_date: 2007-09-10 23:10:58
@_author: Michael G. Reed 
@_subject: Filtering traffic from your node - for exit points 
research sponsors, a Navy captain (I'm fairly certain it was a
captain, but it's been 10+ years) pointed out that Onion Routing could
be used by 10 year old boys to surf porn without their parents
knowing.  My response was to say, "It's not my job, nor is it the
system's job, to be the police... that's what parents are for in this
situation... besides, in a world where this system provides better
security the more traffic that is poured over it, having a bunch of
horny 10 year old boys out there isn't necessary a bug, it might be a
feature :)" That got quite a laugh and it was the last time a sponsor
asked anything like that :)
class of traffic (IE a port) and blocking specific traffic due to
content...Of course, that's just my $0.02

@_date: 2008-08-21 13:01:05
@_author: Michael G. Reed 
@_subject: [OT] Off-topic posts 
I think we need to update the old Usenet/NFR ticket and use
that....Oh, and then kick them.  In the meantime, I personally just
tweak spamassasin on my server whenever someone gets too annoying and
deal with it that way.

@_date: 2008-09-30 07:37:22
@_author: Michael G. Reed 
@_subject: way too many msgs on this topic 
Well the headers are always a good place to start:
X-To-Get-Off-This-List: mail majordomo at seul.org, body unsubscribe or-talk

@_date: 2009-12-07 08:17:51
@_author: Michael Reed 
@_subject: US Customers: anyone helping me? 
Well, he probably does not want to do all the associated paperwork and/or risk going to jail...I suggest reading  before pursuing this... (I am not suggesting I agree or disagree with the policy, just pointing out the obvious issues surrounding US crypto export that one should be familiar with if thinking about this...).
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2009-02-10 20:34:39
@_author: Michael G. Reed 
@_subject: Some Bones to Pick with Tor Admins 
You know, Tor is open source....you can go fix the damn bugs yourself
if they are so important to you and your antiquated setup.  If you
weren't being such an ass-hat in the way you are DEMANDING support
while insulting the developers and not even so much as filing a
quasi-readable bug report, people might actually be willing to help
you.  I tend to bet that most folks on this list wrote you off with
your very first email...and with good reason.  Just my $0.02.

@_date: 2009-03-13 14:22:10
@_author: Michael G. Reed 
@_subject: more on the Comcast 250 GB/mo. problem 
"Business Customers" either - I used to have a business account from
TWC because I telecommuted and needed multiple static IPs and no
restrictions on the line....in the early days they were responsive to
problems/issues, but near the end (IE, after they had pillaged enough
out of me), they were less than helpful.  I had an outage at 2pm on a
Friday once (I watched a back-hoe do the dirty deed next door), I
called them and told them exactly what the problem was only to be told
the earliest they could roll a truck would be Monday afternoon....I
tried explaining that this was a business account (hell, I was calling
their business support line) but that didn't matter.  I was back
on-line 20 minutes later when I ran a patch piece of RG-6 across the
break from one pedestal to another....needless to say, the technicians
were NOT amused when they arrived 72 hours later to deal with my
trouble ticket, but I told them where they could go stuff their
service.  Sorry about ranting, I just didn't want anyone to get the
wrong idea that TWC Business would be a solution to running Tor if you
have problems with regular TWC.

@_date: 2011-03-22 16:57:39
@_author: Michael Reed 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Iran cracks down on web dissident technology 
BINGO, we have a winner!  The original *QUESTION* posed that led to the invention of Onion Routing was, "Can we build a system that allows for bi-directional communications over the Internet where the source and destination cannot be determined by a mid-point?"  The *PURPOSE* was for DoD / Intelligence usage (open source intelligence gathering, covering of forward deployed assets, whatever).  Not helping dissidents in repressive countries.  Not assisting criminals in covering their electronic tracks.  Not helping bit-torrent users avoid MPAA/RIAA prosecution.  Not giving a 10 year old a way to bypass an anti-porn filter.  Of course, we knew those would be other unavoidable uses for the technology, but that was immaterial to the problem at hand we were trying to solve (and if those uses were going to give us more cover traffic to better hide what we wanted to use the network for, all the better...I once told a flag officer that much to his chagrin).  I should know, I was the recipient of that question from David, and Paul was brought into the mix a few days later after I had sketched out a basic (flawed) design for the original Onion Routing.
The short answer to your question of "Why would the government do this?" is because it is in the best interests of some parts of the government to have this capability...  Now enough of the conspiracy theories...

@_date: 2013-06-27 10:52:32
@_author: Michael Reed 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd: Security focus, we need your help 
Saw this today on another list - thought someone might want to inject a little clue to these guys (I do not have the time or patience to do so :).
-------- Original Message --------
First off, I would like to say that this is not an attempt to spam the
list as I thought this is very relevant to this list and I would love
to get some response from security professionals around the world
about our project and also invite several companies represented on
this list to join & help us stress-test, find issues with the software
and try obviously try to break it, so we can fix it :)
Keeping this in mind we thought this was the best place to start as
the best security & IT professionals are represented on this list!
Isidro Larrubia (isidro at adnonify.com) and myself have started a
croundfunding project in light of recent "security" and "privacy"
related events in the media recently.
Our goal is to restore basic privacy for end-users.
Adnonify - Take back your privacy
Adnonify is a simple plug & play network device that will enable you
to anonimize your surfing behavior  avoid you being tracked by
media/advertising companies and remove all intrusive advertising
without any changes to your computer or network configuration.
We decided to launch this project to contribute something back to the
community which will enable people without the technical know-how to
access information freely and without any government control,
filtering, censorship, tracking and intrusive advertising.
We have been working on the sofware full-time for several weeks now
and its currently being tested, debugged and improved. Powering the
Adnonify will be a custom-written Peer-2-Peer decentralized, encrypted
VPN software to hide your location, block advertising and trackers.
The VPN network will run on standard HTTPS on port 443 making the
traffic indistinguishable from standard HTTPS websites like your bank
or email account making it impossible for ISP's to block or tamper or
throttle the Adnonify traffic. The Adnonify will allow you to chose
the country or jurisdiction where your traffic/connection is
terminated onto the internet, allowing you to bypass
government/geographic restrictions and hide your location.
I hereby invite you, security professionals, that would like to help
us and get involved. The goal will be to find issues and make the
system as secure as possible. You can contact us using the methods
Your input is important to us! If this information is not relevant to
you, I hereby profoundly appologize on behalf our team for bothering
you with this e-mail.
You can contact us using the following methods:
Email: info at adnonify.com
Indiegogo campaign with the full information (for your generous
contributions, comments,...): Website:
