
@_date: 2015-03-19 23:45:06
@_author: Rishab Nithyanand 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Games Without Frontiers: Investigating Video Games as a 
Hey all,
I just thought I'd share and get feedback about some recent work from our
team at Stony Brook University.
Title: Games Without Frontiers: Investigating Video Games as a Covert
Channel [  ]
Abstract: The Internet has become a critical communication infrastructure
for citizens to organize protests and express dissatisfaction with their
governments. This fact has not gone unnoticed, with governments clamping
down on this medium via censorship, and circumvention researchers working
tirelessly to stay one step ahead. In this paper, we explore a promising
new avenue for covert channels: using video games as a cover protocol. The
popularity of platforms like Steam have given rise to a rich population of
video games for use as cover. The common properties of games in the same
genre simplify the process of adapting channels to evade detection. We
demonstrate the feasibility of this approach using two real time strategy
games (including a popular closed-source game). We show how common
properties of these games can be used to design a coding scheme to
translate data into game commands in a way that is general across games and
requires little per-game customizations. We evaluate the security of Castle
by quantifying its resilience to a censor-adversary, its similarity to real
game traffic, and its ability to avoid common pitfalls in covert channel
design. We use our prototype to demonstrate that Castle can provide
throughput which is amenable to transfer of textual data (\eg e-mail, short
articles, etc.).
I thought this was a cool idea, and had a lot of fun exploring it. One of
the key changes that Castle brings to the PT landscape is easy
extensibility and large space diversity -- i.e., it takes very little skill
and developer time to port Castle to any of 100's of existing (and
perennially releasing) RTS games, in the event that it is detected and
blocked for one game. Please check out the paper and feel free to post
questions here, or email them to me.

@_date: 2015-03-20 08:10:40
@_author: Rishab Nithyanand 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Games Without Frontiers: Investigating Video Games 
I can't replicate all client and browser configurations, exit relays before
posting a link to the most popular paper repository around.  Sorry.

@_date: 2015-03-20 11:39:04
@_author: Rishab Nithyanand 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Games Without Frontiers: Investigating Video Games 
Good question about the audio communication channel. For this work we only
considered communication through game moves. Our reasoning for avoiding
using voice/text communication channels were:
* it's been shown in the past that mimicking human voice traffic is very
very hard, we didn't want to fall into this trap.
* the amount of game chatter probably varies per game, and then we need to
start making per-game customizations regarding the amount of chatter we get
to inject.
In general, it could help speed up the data rates significantly, but it's
likely to add the need for significant per-game customizations (we were
trying to achieve the opposite).
References were ordered alphabetically (default with my bib compiler). Good
catch with the *inspecting*, that needs to be removed -- error while
removing my comments from the source files.
On Fri, Mar 20, 2015 at 11:12 AM, Speak Freely

@_date: 2015-03-26 08:37:52
@_author: Rishab Nithyanand 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Games Without Frontiers: Investigating Video Games 
Hey Jon,
Please correct me if I'm misunderstanding you. I think you don't buy some
subset of the following implicit (I believe to be reasonable) assumptions
that we make:
(1) There is no collusion between application developers and censors.
(2) There is a secure application distribution medium that the censors
cannot "hijack".
(3) Crypto attacks against authenticated, encrypted, and integrity
protected channels are not possible.
In general, the security community has agreed that (3) is a fine assumption
to make. Now there is the question of whether (1) and (2) are reasonable.
I think if we're ever going to succeed in making a good
"look-like-something" protocol, we're going to have to assume that (1) and
(2) hold for the cover application. This assumption has been made in the
past -- e.g., assuming the integrity of the Skype binary, etc. The idea of
"look-like-something" protocols completely fall apart when the cover
application does not obey (1) and (2).
Now, do these hold in the real-world, for video games? I think so. I
haven't seen any evidence (yet) that they do not. The leak you mention says
nothing about the NSA having back-doors and open attack surfaces in the
software. It just reveals that they're monitoring in-game behavior
(something that they cannot do with Castle if we can distribute passwords
out-of-band). I suspect that getting backdoors to all RTS games (past and
future) is completely non-trivial and very expensive for a censor and
Castle will continue to work reasonably well until this happens.

@_date: 2015-03-27 09:05:30
@_author: Rishab Nithyanand 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Games Without Frontiers: Investigating Video Games 
Hey Jon.
I think you do raise some very good points and this is a good debate to
have. But do you see,
however, how living in this pessimistic world where the we give censors
control over everything
(including things on the users computer), will make it impossible to design
covert channel protocols?
Why stop there? The same argument can be made for any security and privacy
enhancing tools.
It's important that there is a fundamental amount of trust on existing
things that we are allowed
to leverage and bootstrap security from. Without this, security research
will more often than not
fall on its face, and we'd stop seeing any progress forward.
I still argue that the censor has to go through PR nightmares to do (1),
(2) is incredibly expensive
for them to do, and well (3) has to be assumed for us to ever do anything
useful in the real world.
I think it's important for the community to continue research into new
transport alternatives as long
as (1) and (2) currently hold for the transport in the real world. As I
pointed out, given our current
knowledge about what the NSA has done, (1) and (2) still do hold for video
games in the real world.
In fact (personally), if Castle did result in making them break (1) and (2)
for the 100-1000s of titles,
I think it's a win for us -- we just made them spend a LOT!
I'm not claiming that Castle is the golden bullet that will end all
problems, but I think it does
increase the costs to an adversary significantly, and (for the first time)
brings developers a benefit
in the current arms race (developing a new channel is easier than detecting
it). I absolutely do think
you've brought up a great argument (and it's not personal), but it just
brings tears to my eyes when
someone says I just relied on security through obscurity (and I don't

@_date: 2015-05-22 17:26:18
@_author: Rishab Nithyanand 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Astoria Tor client is said to be better than 
Hey Guys,
I'm one of the authors of Astoria. It's a very new system that tries to
improve the current Tor relay selection algorithm by using the
state-of-the-art in AS path inference and measurement tools to detect the
possibility of having the same AS on the paths between the (client, entry)
and (exit, destination).
Our evaluation shows that it does quite well to avoid asymmetric
correlation attacks, but the performance is a bit off from Tor (metric:
page load times for Alexa Top 100 from 10 countries).
But to be clear: the only thing changed is the entry and exit node
selection in the Tor circuit construction. We don't require any
modifications to the Tor eco-system and infrastructure.
Unlike previous AS aware clients, we also perform load balancing to not
overwhelm the slower relays, consider the case where it is impossible to
build any attacker-free circuits, and also consider that ASes from the same
organization might collude with each other.
This blew up less than 24 hours after updating our paper on Arxiv. We're
working on cleaning up the source code and will have it ready soon (about a

@_date: 2015-05-23 20:10:32
@_author: Rishab Nithyanand 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Astoria Tor client is said to be better than 
Potentially. The way I see it, there are two approaches one might take to
avoid the problem of correlation attacks.
(1) Build circuits that avoid the possibility of ASes that may perform
(2) Control traffic flows from exits to destinations so that even though
attempts of correlation are possible, they are hard/impossible to perform
with any reasonable accuracy.
We took the former approach. This is not to say that the latter is not

@_date: 2015-05-23 20:20:56
@_author: Rishab Nithyanand 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Astoria Tor client is said to be better than 
I would like to stress that most of the news articles I've come across have
some incorrect claims. It is sad that none of them got in touch with us
before publishing their stories. Please read the paper [1] if you'd like to
know what Astoria actually tries to do.
We'd rather have informed positive or negative feedback from interested
people, than uninformed approval or dismissal of our work. In the end, our
goal is to build something useful for the Tor community.
[1]  On Sat, May 23, 2015 at 8:10 PM, Rishab Nithyanand

@_date: 2015-05-24 10:18:44
@_author: Rishab Nithyanand 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Astoria Tor client is said to be better than 
Hey Sophie,
On Sun, May 24, 2015 at 8:35 AM, Sophie Hassfurther <
That is the biggest problem I have with that article!
58.7% of the time there was *some* AS that could do a correlation attack.
the NSA or whatever 3 letter agency controlled *all* of those ASes (quite a
number that I don't have right now), they wouldn't be able to attack all of
The author of the article basically attributes the sum of all the threats
from all
potential attackers to a single attacker (the NSA).
