
@_date: 2007-07-21 03:03:40
@_author: Ron Wireman 
@_subject: Blocking child pornography exits 
Why doesn't the EFF implement an option like 'no_exit_cp="YES"' for
server configurations that would allow people to block child
pornography?  I wish to run a tor exit node but, having been molested
as a child, will not do so until such a feature exists.

@_date: 2007-07-21 03:26:22
@_author: Ron Wireman 
@_subject: Blocking child pornography exits 
I'm not sure what you mean.  While it is not the intent of the EFF,
tor is frequently used for all sorts of nefarious and perverted
purposes relating to child pornography.  The EFF takes measures to
block spam, which is less of a problem than child abuse, so it should
also take measures to block child pornography.
I'm not sure what you mean.  While it is not the intent of the EFF,
tor is frequently used for all sorts of nefarious and perverted
purposes relating to child pornography.  The EFF takes measures to
block spam, which is less of a problem than child abuse, so it should
also take measures to block child pornography.

@_date: 2007-07-21 04:49:17
@_author: Ron Wireman 
@_subject: Blocking child pornography exits 
It seems rather self evident to me.
By default, tor blocks exits to port 25.
It's not about morality; it's about protecting children.  I didn't ask
anyone to create any sort of anonymizing network, but since the tor group
did, it's incumbent upon them to make sure it's used properly and that
includes insuring it isn't used to harm children in the U.S. or elsewhere.
Otherwise, all they've done is unleash a paedophilic monster in a Chuck E.
Cheese restoraunt.
     Look.  You have the tool to set your own exit policy in the ExitPolicy

@_date: 2007-07-22 00:58:23
@_author: Ron Wireman 
@_subject: Blocking child pornography exits 
Unfortunately, this 'separation of concerns' you're a proponent of doesn't
work in the real world.  In the same way that you can't insert a piece of
metal into someone with a high calibre rifle without grievously injuring
then, you can't run a completely open anonymous router network without being
a conduit for child abuse and other evils.  For any action, there may be
many possible results, and it seems to me that if one of the evils is
overwhelming, it is artificially hedging the issue to say you have no
responsibility for it.  If tor can't be designed in a way that strongly
discourages or prevents people from using it for evil, it shouldn't exist.

@_date: 2008-02-02 01:57:01
@_author: Ron Wireman 
@_subject: The use of malicious botnets to disrupt The Onion Router 
It seems to me that we owe a lot the roughly 1,500 people who donate their
bandwidth to our project at any one time.  They give us a tremendous gift
that allows us to participate in unpopular or even dangerous political
speech and debate, to by-pass inappropriately restrictive filters, and to
limit the amount of information about ourselves that we reveal to the
organizations who run the Internet sites we access.  I don't wish to divulge
some of the ways in which I've used tor to protect myself, but I'm sure all
of you reading this list can think of many examples where it has assisted
you in your own life and most of you use it on a frequent basis.  All of
this comes at the cost of time and money from many volunteers who receive no
benefit whatsoever from relaying your traffic for you.
It seems to me, however, that even this gracious act of charity may be no
match for the types of attacks we may be faced with as we become more
popular and, as a result, more of a target. The number of users running tor
nodes pales in comparison to the number of computers that may be in any one
of the many individual botnets, which are groups of hijacked computers
controlled in unison by a single entity.  The largest of these botnets ever
discovered had over 1,000 times the number of nodes that tor does.  What
happens when one of these botnets are commanded to join tor all at once and
begin harvesting private data that people naively did not encrypt or, worse,
replacing all pictures requested with goatse.jpg?  These and other malicious
acts could easily take place, perhaps even perpetrated by a malevolent
government entity, and would cause significant disruption to our router.
We must take expedient measures to prevent this type of attack, because as
of now, tor is quite vulnerable, perhaps even critically so.  The group of
computers that make up the official Network Time Protocol pool, a network
that is used to provide extremely accurate time synchronization for millions
of computers around the world, has a manually administrated list.  Since it
has about as many nodes on it as tor has, it suggests that maintaining such
a list would not be difficult.  It seems to me that this would be an
excellent way to prevent a node flood attack.  Without it, tor will be rot.
Awaiting your comments anxiously,
Ron Wireman
