
@_date: 2009-08-03 08:51:40
@_author: Jirka Svoboda 
@_subject: copyright abuse through tor 
Well.. the Czech government passed a law which is called "on certain services of information society" (in Czech of course :) and has a very similar text to the Directive, in 2004. However dont know if it was an Greetings, J. Svoboda
Attac Heidenheim napsal(a):

@_date: 2009-08-02 20:27:21
@_author: Jirka Svoboda 
@_subject: copyright abuse through tor 
In time past I have riceived some infringement notices so I have already done some research into legal status of proxies.
To my knowledge, the most significant document to this topic is the Directive of the Council 2000/31/EC "on certain legal aspects of information society services", which states explicitly in article 12:
1. Where an information society service is provided that consists of the transmission in a communication network of information provided by a recipient of the service, or the provision of access to a communication network, Member States shall ensure that the service provider is not liable for the information transmitted, on condition that the provider:
(a) does not initiate the transmission;
(b) does not select the receiver of the transmission; and
(c) does not select or modify the information contained in the transmission.
Please note that initiation of transmission is not that your computer initiated some port, it is a "willful act" of the initiator, i.e. that someone "presses enter" after writing in the address bar.
Member states should (are obliged?) to follow this directive in their legal systems.
I live in the Czech Republic and after explaining tor and referencing this Directive, nobody bothered me any further!
Wishing best luck. Please let us know what is your situation look like. And dont let yourself get bullied, I'm 99,999% sure you are not liable. What about free wifis in pubs, libraries etc? Is the librarian a criminal? It is a nonsense.
Also, dont forget to mention that you do it for Chinese and Iranian dissidents ;)
J. Svoboda
doc.kuehn napsal(a):
