
@_date: 2009-11-03 07:45:21
@_author: Ryan Day 
@_subject: Distribution of bridge information 
It will give the same 3 bridge IP's to the same requesting IP address for
almost a whole day, so you only lose 3 addresses at a time. This could still
be taken advantage of, especially by an organization controlling many IPs.
 I agree though, hopefully we can gather more, and better, algorithms to put
in this library. Then build systems like this to help hide the bridge IPs.
Nouveau! D?couvrez le Windows phone Samsung Omnia II disponible chez
SFR. Cliquez

@_date: 2009-11-02 08:54:53
@_author: Ryan Day 
@_subject: Distribution of bridge information 
I was playing around with an idea of how to distribute bridge information on
a mass scale without censor groups being able to automate the process of
collecting and filtering the bridges.  I came up with a pretty simple script
that contacts bridges.torproject.org, grabs some bridge info, and obfuscates
it using the same methods that CAPTCHA systems use to obfuscate images. Now
people can read the bridge info, but machines can't(most of the time).
I've put this together as a Wordpress plugin that is available at
What this plugin does is grab bridge information, cache it, and obfuscate it
for display on your blog.  Since that bridge information won't update for
that IP, the plugin only contacts the site about once a day for new
My goal here is to allow people everywhere to help distribute bridge
information without increasing the chance it will be filtered.  This will
hopefully help people in firewalled countries be able to get on the Tor
network a little easier.
I'm interested in your thoughts and comments and criticisms.  Is this a good
idea?  Do you think people will use it and it will be beneficial?  Is it
good but needs improvement?  Also where else could bridge information be
grabbed from(rss, twitter, etc)?
Thanks for any comments!

@_date: 2010-05-26 16:12:53
@_author: Ryan Day 
@_subject: Bridges and China (new thread) 
I have a project called ObfuscaTOR which reads bridge information and
displays it using captcha-style encoding.  Its a wordpress plugin, and
development is kinda stalled.  There have been some downloads, and a Reddit
post, but other then that interest seemed kind of low.  I even had one guy
email me to remove the project as I was helping to destroy the Tor Project.
This gets around "adversaries" blocking access because any one of the
millions of bloggers can include the plugin, so you can't block the whole
internet(unless you have a country wide firewall of course;)   As far as
automated scanning, I have heard China doesn't automate the process so much
as they have thousands of workers manually scanning for things such as this.
I like your email idea though,  its a lot easier to track and block email
requests from the same domain.  It seems like it would be a lot harder to
setup lots of fake mail servers.  How about incoming email being filtered
based on the sender however?
