
@_date: 2012-06-28 13:57:58
@_author: Schaefer, Viola Lea Marlene 
@_subject: [tor-talk] WG: Questions about your project and about data security 
Hello again,
I?m a member of your list now. I hope you can
answer my questions now. You can find them by
scrolling down to my first mail.
Thanking you in anticipation,
Viola Sch?fer
Von: Schaefer, Viola Lea Marlene
Gesendet: Mittwoch, 27. Juni 2012 15:04
An: tor-assistants at lists.torproject.org; tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
Betreff: WG: Questions about your project and about data security
Dear Tor-Project-Team,
this is the forwarded E-Mail , which I sent two days
ago. Mr. Sandvik answered me yesterday and advised
me to send my questions to this address.
I would be very happy about an early answer!
Sincerely yours,
Viola Sch?fer
Von: Schaefer, Viola Lea Marlene
Gesendet: Montag, 25. Juni 2012 15:30
An: help at rt.torproject.org
Betreff: Questions about your project and about data security
Dear Tor Project-Team,
I am a Psychology student in Mainz, Germany who is working
on a project for social psychology about data protection on the
internet. I read about your project in an article of a German
newspaper called "Der Freitag" (issue of April 26th 2012).
I have prepared some questions about the Tor Project and about
what do you think about data security online. The questions are
as follows:
1. What are the main aims and the strategy of the Tor Project?
2.Many people seem to be very ingenuously spreading their private
data on the net. What do you think could be the reason(s) for that?
3.What makes Facebook so successful even if many users know about
the porous and apparently insufficient privacy protection of this platform?
4.Do you think that people, who use social networks like Facebook, are
actually willing to protect their data? Could it be possible to provoke
a behavioral change ? Or does it really not matter to most of the people
what happens with their private data?
5. If one would start a campaign in order to make people more careful
and conscious in protecting their data online, how should this campaign
work and look like?
So these are my questions so far :)
Hoping for an early answer,
Viola Sch?fer

@_date: 2012-06-29 16:54:25
@_author: Schaefer, Viola Lea Marlene 
@_subject: [tor-talk] WG: Questions about your project and about 
Okay, thanks a lot for the infos :)
Von: tor-talk-bounces at lists.torproject.org [tor-talk-bounces at lists.torproject.org]" im Auftrag von "grarpamp [grarpamp at gmail.com]
Gesendet: Donnerstag, 28. Juni 2012 21:39
An: tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
Betreff: Re: [tor-talk] WG: Questions about your project and about data security
You can find the answer to this by reading the Tor Project website:
Ony of many answers to questions 2, 3, 4 might be:
Users don't know, mixed with users don't care and are stupid, combined
with what they see as benefits carefully doled out to them as dog food
by said networks in order to get them to tell them everything as part
of their evil plan to own them.
As for question 5, also review:
This list is mostly for things specifically regarding Tor.
Since you are in Germany, please also review:
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
