
@_date: 2008-04-20 17:41:57
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: getting more exit nodes 
Alexander Bernauer schrieb:
AFAIK the minimum is about 2-3 hours until a router descriptor is
properly distributed through the directory mirrors and clients.
I think, any routers with uptimes less then 4-6 hours will be more or
less useless for the network and rather tend to produce more traffic
for distributing the router descriptor than relay for clients. But I
am no expert for this kind of question.
Not all Tor nodes have high uptimes. The uptime is only interesting
for routers. Each router descriptor has a flag ("stable") in its
descriptor, which is set for routers with a certain minimum uptime and
  availability. In many circuits, stable routers are preferred.
For details concerning all these stuff please read the technical
design papers, I assume, they will be very helpful for your project. ;-)

@_date: 2008-04-20 19:22:33
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: getting more exit nodes 
Michael Rogers schrieb:
This an important point. If there is a software, which establishs a
Tor router on a computer without _informed_ consent of the admin,
we're getting close to botnets. Something like that could severely
hurt Tor's repution. It is really important for people to know
beforehand what Tor (basically) does and what major legal risks it may
pose in their jurisdiction. That might even go as far as a risk for
their life.

@_date: 2008-04-20 20:57:30
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: getting more exit nodes 
I just comment on some points as I don't have much time.
Michael Schmidt schrieb:
That approach would almost certainly kill Tor. There are plenty of
reasons (technical, legal or social) which either prevent someone from
operating a Tor (exit) relay or make it is least hazardous.
I operate 2 Tor relays on dedicated machines and use Tor as client on
my laptop. I refuse to relay traffic on my laptop. Why? Because I use
my laptop in networks (such as the one at work) where I am simply not
allowed to relay traffic or operate server processes. It could cost my
job. If I visit networks of my friends I also won't be rude enough to
try to relay traffic. If I am dissident in some country with
oppressive government or a whistle-blower then the last thing I want
to do is attracting attention by relaying Tor traffic...
Use you imagination, why forcing people to operate relays is a bad idea.
Breaking through the firewall of a secured net is probably a really
good reason for instant dismissal for many employers, because it may
put the local net at risk.
Especially if it done to serve the employers ressources (network
connectivity) to a third party.
I completely disagree with that.
Such a 'darknet' approach is certainly interesting, but it has severe
consequences for anonymity. They can be used to map social
relationships by monitoring which nodes communicate with which other
Last time I heard something about it, it is not intended to hide the
exit tor servers from the public. Quite the contrary. The Tor project
specifically has the TorDNSEL service:

@_date: 2008-08-17 17:28:10
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Update to default exit policy 
Dawney Smith schrieb:
Actually, it is a little more complicated. 465 is just plain
SMTP-over-SSL, so not much different to non-encrypted SMTP on port 25.
(BTW: AFAIR the recommened method for encrypting SMTP is to use port
25 with STARTTLS and not to use a different port, so connections to
port 25 may be encrypted as well.)
Concerning the submission port 587: Originally, the submission port
needed neither to be encrypted, nor did it enforce authentication (see
RfC 2476, Authentication MAY be done before submitting mails.
Only RfC 4409 (which obsoleted 2476) introduced a MUST for
authentication of the sender, but is still quite recent (2006).
AFAIR both RfC make no statement about the encryption of connections
to port 587 for mail submission, although 3207 (STARTTLS) states it
can be useful.

@_date: 2008-12-14 20:48:54
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: SSH and Telnet ports 
Kasimir Gabert schrieb:
Three servers I maintain receive about 60 of those dumb and ridiculous login
attempts per hour. They are not running any Tor relay und are not especially
'big' in terms of number of users or publicity. Clearly, the originator does
not target Tor nodes specifically. ;-) As these logins are coordinated (same
username on 3 machines within the same second), it seems to be some botnet.
Concerning the aspect of using Tor to target others: I would be very surprised
if anyone actually tries to use Tor for this, ordinary botnets of owned
machines are completely sufficient.

@_date: 2008-12-05 13:14:08
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Exceeding connection limit 
Scott Bennett schrieb:
As far as I understand: Tor does not have to do any reliable delivery and
error correction at all, because that can all taken care of a level higher
(Tor being layer 3, the network layer and TCP layer 4, the transport layer).
Suppose an application communicates via TCP: then all error correction and
checking can be done by the TCP connection tunneled through Tor, not Tor
itself. If a packet is lost in Tor, it is no different to a packet-loss within
any other network. And in case of UDP through Tor it would be anyway someone
elses problem as well. Tor does not have to ensure a guarenteed and correct
delivery any more than other networks do.
Actually, it is a bad idea to tunnel TCP connections through TCP connections,
due to two interfering error corrections. Detailed explanation at: Why TCP
Over TCP Is A Bad Idea,

@_date: 2008-02-08 09:32:29
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: another unusual connection 
I just read the logs from yesterday:
Feb 07 14:12:49.069 [Hinweis] Our IP Address has changed from 78.49.3.182 to
212.112.242.159; rebuilding descriptor.
Feb 07 14:12:59.749 [Hinweis] Self-testing indicates your ORPort is reachable
from the outside. Excellent. Publishing server descriptor.
Feb 07 14:49:24.768 [Hinweis] Our IP Address has changed from 212.112.242.159
to 78.49.3.182; rebuilding descriptor.
Feb 07 14:50:07.350 [Hinweis] Self-testing indicates your ORPort is reachable
from the outside. Excellent. Publishing server descriptor.
tor-0.2.0.18-alpha on MacOS X 10.5.1, not very surprising: the host is behind
a NAT router. So no point against your theory Roger.

@_date: 2008-02-08 22:53:10
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: tor and google-error 
sigi schrieb:
That error ist quite usual, I have this nearly all the times I try to use
google with tor. But I don't think Google targets tor specifically. Probably
many tor exit nodes just produce to many requests for google.
BTW: The are alternatives to google, which are in my view better because they
store their logs only 2 days:
There may be more, but these are most often used by me.

@_date: 2008-02-10 14:19:33
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: another unusual connection 
Paul Ferguson schrieb:
Could you give us some more information about this? ;-) I would assume, the
reported behaviour could be very well caused by some unusually configured or
misconfigured node and not malicious intent itself.

@_date: 2008-02-10 23:06:35
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: iptables and tor 
dante schrieb:
If you operate a tor node within your private network und your network offers
services which are not public or should not be public, then you should
remember that you create a tunnel in your local network by running tor. In
this case you have to ensure that the exit policies of the tor node are set in
a way that nobody can exit from your tor node into you local net.
Additionally you can filter the relevant traffic originating from your tor node.

@_date: 2008-02-11 00:07:55
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: iptables and tor 
Tom Hek schrieb:
Yes, the private or non-routable nets. I should have been more precise what I
meant. ;-) (or should have avoided the term "private")
Suppose you have 87.78.1.170 as exit node and its subnet is 87.78.1.128/26.
Suppose your organization has the net 87.78.1.1/24 and you have some services
for internal use running on various hosts in that Class-C net.
Then AFAIK you have to take care yourself of the appropriate exit policies,
because tor can't possibly know this, e.g. explicitly disallow 87.78.1.1/24.

@_date: 2008-02-15 10:16:18
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Some router descriptors not being downloaded 
Eric C schrieb:
You may check if the descriptors show up in cached-descriptors or
cached-descriptors.new and if your cached-consensus states your chosen exit
nodes as valid and running (as your copy of the consensus will always be a
little out-dated compared to the one the directory servers use and maybe even
to the one xenobite & Co use).
You wrote about cached-routers, but that file is not used any longer by newer
tor versions, if there is a cached-descriptors. (BTW: what version do you
exactly use?)
Did you leave tor running for a few hours or did you stop and restart it all
the time you tried?

@_date: 2008-02-16 19:09:42
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Is http://serifos.eecs.harvard.edu dead? 
Dieter Zinke schrieb:
The easiest may be to use the file your tor node has, as it contains all
potentially usable routers: cached-descriptors (or cached-routers for older
Tor versions). (Additionally you may need the consensus to find out which ones
are running/valid (cached-consensus)).

@_date: 2008-02-16 21:21:53
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Compromised entry guards rejecting safe circuits (was Re: OSI 
Anon Mus schrieb:
Did you read Ben's comment about storage space for storing a huge number of
primes? It is quite impossible to store a significant percentage of the
keyspace of a key with 1024 bits. For even 1% you would have to store
2^1024/100 keys:
And even if you could store that: there are much easier ways to compromise a
Tor user.
If breaking public/private key based encryption would be that easy, then
nobody would use it but working on better encryption schemes.

@_date: 2008-02-17 13:27:20
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Invalid uptime warning messages 
Scott Bennett schrieb:
Yes, the same here on 2 nodes, one starting this night between 3 and 4 UTC,
the other on startup this morning. I had a quick look at debug messages here,
I think there is some router with a weird descriptor and Tor discards it upon
download and tries to download it again at some later time (on
non-directory-caches every 10min).
After the last warning about the invalid uptime (2 hours ago) I got
Feb 17 11:33:21.408 [debug] download_status_increment_failure():
3AE4C8E5C4CA589CF51861F9294BC9B8020D3308 failed 5 time(s); Giving up for a while.
So I assume this router to be the one with the invalid uptime in the descriptor.

@_date: 2008-02-18 12:02:24
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: exit policy 
Andrew schrieb:
I just want to add: The recommended way to do encrypted smtp, imap, pop3 is to
use the the 'old' ports and issue a STARTTLS/STLS command at the beginning of
the communication which switches to TLS.
Also see:
(There is also a STARTTLS for http ( but I
don't know if any websites make use of it.)
But the message is again: don't rely on port numbers. ;-) Connections to Ports
25, 110, 143 may be encrypted and 'safe' as well.
(Additionally there is no real reason to expect 'bad guys' using only
unencrypted connections. ;-) )

@_date: 2008-02-21 00:14:08
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: many scrubbed connections on tor relay running v0.2.0.19-alpha 
john smith schrieb:
Yes, I got the messages as well. The solution is: the machine
geoip.vidalia-project.net runs on had a hardware problem yesterday and isn't
fixed yet and therefore not reachable.

@_date: 2008-02-24 16:09:45
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: tor memory leak under Ubuntu 6.06 
My two relay nodes on Debian Etch (about 200k and 300k bandwidth) consume
about 200MB (250MB VSS) and 290MB (330 MB VSS). So, yes, without additional
information e.g. about the changes over time the 100 MB can be perfectly
normal behaviour. That the memory utilisation increases from startup values
significantly is expected as tor doesn't have to keep track of many
connections directly after startup. (And if tor consumes more and more memory
over a longer time it may be due to memory fragmentation or increased number
of connections.)

@_date: 2008-02-25 16:25:38
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: tor memory leak under Ubuntu 6.06 
Andrew schrieb:
My experiences with the 'small' Strato vServer are that the memory for tcp
sockets is sufficient but they have a hard limit of 500 TCP connections. If
you reach that limit, no new socket can be opened. (Have a look at
My way to circumvent it partially is to set MaxAdvertisedBandwidth to 50kb/s
to attract less users and the relay doesn't announce its DirPort.
RelayBandwidthRate and RelayBandwidthBurst are set higher (suitable to the
monthly traffic limit) and the relay usually makes full use of the available
RelayBandwidthRate even if it attracts less users.
P.S. But even in that configuration it consumes about 200M of RAM.

@_date: 2008-01-17 09:44:52
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Input required on Secure Wiki project 
Yes, that unfortunately really happens. :-( Last year there was a case in
germany. Some lawyer sued someone for downloading music in P2P nets based on
the IP he supposedly had at that time. Unfortunately the provider made a
mistake and actually looked up the wrong IP adress and associated the wrong
customer to the request from the lawyer. Luckily that customer had a log of
all his dynamically assigned IPs from the last year (or two) and it was enough
to raise doubts in court and the provider had to re-check and the mistake was
obvious. The funny thing was, that that accuser then argumented, the amount of
money in dispute would suddenly be much lower than he originally claimed. ;-)
(which the judge rejected quite plainly)
But I also think, that problems may be much more common that one thinks at the
first moment... Probably it is a really good idea to log the assigned IPs,
just to have some own records (even if it is no proof). (But then again, IPs
logged by some server is also no proof in itself, e.g. you can just put fake
IPs or times in the log.)

@_date: 2008-01-26 22:35:13
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Child pornography blocking again 
Kraktus schrieb:
It is (technically and legally) a whole different thing to filter based on ports or to filter based on content.
Content-based filtering will get you in a huge bunch of technical, administrative, legal and moral problems. In short: it does not work.
One example: in some jurisdiction you will get a serious problem with liability, if you start to filter something based on content. In some other it would IMHO be blatant illegal and even punishable. You can only prevent this by being strictly neutral concerning the content through your systems.

@_date: 2008-01-27 10:12:04
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Tor operator raided in Finland 
dr._no at cool.ms schrieb:
I disagree here. Provider proxies usually keep their request logs and they are fully able to find out from which customer IP the request originated. So, sure, the police asks the provider for the customer of their proxy IP. The provider will not be dumb and notice, that is one of his own IPs and will quite probably tell the police about the proxy and that they can find out the customer (and eventually do so).
You add a layer of obscurity, but you are not absolutely sure.

@_date: 2008-01-27 10:30:21
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: How to run an exit node and not getting raided by police? 
maillist schrieb:
Well, that is probably better than running it at home. But there were cases in germany, when they came anyway to the home of the node admin and took the personal hardware away in addition to the hostet server.
The lawyer of the CCC reported, they they even asked his bank about him several times, although he is not the admin or registered contact for the server, but only pays the bills for the machine.
If you can afford it and can pay anonymously, that is definitely a good idea. ;-)
Well, I think, it helps a bit. Probably you should also run a web server on port 80 on the node and have some disclaimer page with explanations of Tor an anonymizers and an abuse contact on the page. The CCC reported, that it helped Yes, that is also a very good idea. There are some groups in germany (CCC, Foebud, some others) which run quite big exit nodes. They have a an abuse contact on a dedicated phone, email address, a laywer who takes over in case of problems and so on.
If you fear problems with an own exit node, it may be a good idea to donate money to these organizations (for this dedicated purpose) and run a middle-man node yourself.
Ah, if you understand german, than you can watch and listen to a presentation on the CCCongress 2007, where the people running CCCs anonymizers reported about their experiences with law enforcement during the last 2 years:

@_date: 2008-01-27 21:02:28
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: directory authority/authorities need(s) updating? 
Scott Bennett schrieb:
Mhmm. I think, 16-alpha missed a file in the release and 17-alpha had a huge memory leak, I think, it is sane no to recommend them.
18-alpha is different, but it is quite new, I would not be surprised if it is recommended not until a few days in the wild, but I don't know the policy about that.

@_date: 2008-01-29 10:28:46
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: How does tor encrypt my data? 
?? schrieb:
Similar to what F. Fox wrote yesterday:
If you don't use end-to-end encryption (e.g. https, pop3s, imaps, ssh, and/or own encryption (e.g. gnupg)), you trust the exit node and all systems in between the exit node and your destination server.
Like always, if you surf the web unencrypted. Tor only helps you to stay anonymous. The exit node, destination and systems in between cannot easily identify you if you don't send (personal) information, which can identify you, but they can read and change the transported data.

@_date: 2008-07-17 09:40:59
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Exit node connection statistics 
mplsfox02 at sneakemail.com schrieb:
One possible issue comes to my mind here. You mentioned, you delete your logs after 24h (after evaluation). I don't know what exactly you are logging for this interval, but one reason why it is usually useless to search Tor nodes is because they don't keep any (usable) logs. If this changes for some nodes and is known e.g. to law enforcement agencies, that might encourage searching/confiscating of Tor nodes in general and increase risk for any node operator.

@_date: 2008-05-21 15:40:30
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Tor server for port 443 
F. Fox schrieb:
I just want to add, that the preferred way for encrypted POP3, IMAP, ACAP and maybe SMTP is to use the (old) standard port and issue a STARTTLS or STLS to switch to an encrypted communication:
The RFCs "discourage" the use of separate ports for pop3s and imaps, reasons are given the RFC2595.
There is even something similar to STARTTLS for HTTP:
So, please keep in mind: connections to ports 80, 25, 587, 110 and others _may_ be encrypted as well (while 443, 995 may also just use a crippled cipher suite and may be not efficiently encrypted after all).   Port numbers are just a poor choice to decide upon kind and circumstances (secure / non-secure) of traffic. ;-)

@_date: 2008-11-07 21:17:14
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: any middlemen seeing DoS currently? 
Olaf Selke schrieb:
Similar here: from around 2k to 5.6k connections, cpu load tripled from 25% to
75%, memory consumption increased from 240MB to 840MB, swap file usage from 0
to 450MB. ;-) And traffic declines slowly over the last few hours, probably
because my tor relay rejects most new connections now.
But, kind of interesting that the network stills works more or less, with
noticable higher latency though. ;-)
I took the opportunity to reboot my machine after some updates, doesn't matter
much now. ;-)
Mhmm, I guess, it could be an opportunity to study the effects of a dDOS on
the network, but probably there are no statistics detailed enough for enough
relays available for researchers?

@_date: 2008-11-07 22:23:02
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: any middlemen seeing DoS currently? 
Hans Schnehl schrieb:
If I am not mistaken (don't know pf), this will terminate all idle connections
after 600s. That means that your Tor relay will at least loose idle exit
connections (maybe even circuits?) which are still valid. This is especially
bad for people using long-lived connection to instant messaging services, IRC,
and others for which Tor prefers relays with the stable flag. If your relay
has that flag, it may be worth to keep that in mind.

@_date: 2008-10-18 15:16:17
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: German data rentention law 
Dieter Zinke schrieb:
I perceive this as overkill which may severely impair the tor network
without real need at this stage of affairs.
BTW: Although we are talking about the german legislation right now,
please don't forget that we are speaking about the implementation of a
european union directive. The UK's implementation will AFAIK be worse
than the german one. So any 'solution' we find now may have to be
applied to more than germany very soon. If we don't come up with
something more intelligent, then the tor network will loose all nodes
in one country as soon as that country introduces data retention,
until nothing is left.
(And as a side remark: Somebody on or-dev mentioned that we would have
to exclude all nodes _operated_ by german (legal or natural) persons,
no matter where they are.)

@_date: 2008-10-19 13:45:22
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: German data rentention law 
Roger Dingledine schrieb:
The EU directive
originally defines what data has to be retained.
An interesting term in that document seems to be 'communication'. With
respect to pure access/service providers, that could be a specific
login session, a TCP connection or every single packet. Every single
packet seems to be practically impossible. Every TCP connection
doesn't make sense either, as 'the bad guys' would just use a
connectionless protocol.
The german law contains therefore:
(4) Internet service providers retain:
1. the assigned IP address of each user per dial-in session.
2. the unique identifier of end point of the originator of the
communication (e.g. phone number, DSL)
3. begin and end timestamp of each dial-in session.
Of course, additionally they have to have the possibility to correlate
that to the name and address of the customer.
So this part (logs at ISPs) is pretty much harmless with respect to
Tor, as it 'only' eases finding the operator of an exit node.
As already said, much more difficult is the part about anonymizing
services, which brings us right to the still missing 'technical
That will define the specifics: who is exempted (e.g. WLAN hotspots in
hotels are said to be exempted, WLAN hotspots at airports not), what
format has to be used for transmitting the data to law enforcement,
what precision the timestamps must have, what 'immediate response' to
a request from a law enforcement actually means, what availability the
systems for data retrieval must have and so on...
Most of that will be defined first by the European Telecommunications
Standards Institute. Then the german agency, which has to supervise
the implementation of the law, will adopt that directive. That is
expected to happen in spring 2009.
Curiously, the telecommunication service providers in germany
now have to log stuff, but know nearly nothing about the technical
implementation and that is even worse for small service providers or
private persons.
The conclusion is more or less: nobody knows for sure if Tor relays
have to log or not. It seems, that some courts will have to decide that.

@_date: 2008-10-19 18:05:43
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: German data rentention law 
krishna e bera schrieb:
Well, that is not something covered by the data retention law, we're
discussing in this thread. That law expressly states that no content
may be logged.
That said, of course there is a different law covering the complete
logging of ones communication by law enforcement agencies which
basically works as you describe. But that is not new but long
existing and the prerequisites for this are still substantial enough
to prevent routine usage. It can't be used for just targeting all Tor
relays and record all their communication. It might probably be used
to target specific relays though. But as I wrote, that has nothing to
do with the new data retention law.
The technical directive may request automatic systems (at least a
large ISPs) which law enforcement agencies could use to retrieve the
desired data without the ISP even knowing it, but it can not be used
to increase the amount of data being logged in the first place.

@_date: 2008-10-20 15:29:13
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: German data rentention law 
Roger Dingledine schrieb:
IMHO it is not true, that ISPs will only have to retain data, they
anyway log. Until now, they weren't even allowed to log the IP address
if they don't need it for billing purposes. The DR law defines, what
they have to log.
If you are e.g. a re-seller, than you don't have to log yourself, if
the data they ask for does not fall into your responsibility. But in
that case, you may have to prove upon request, that your contractor
logs that data.
I guess, we will see a noticeable drop in the number of exit nodes in
germany on the 1/1/09, because operators downgrade to middle-man. As
middle-man, the risk of being asked for log data decreases
significantly, so you may get away with a violation of that law at
least for some time (if Tor nodes have to log, which is unclear, as
the current discussion already showed).
The call to shut down the node rather than to install 'logging
infrastructure' is probably in any case a good thing to do.

@_date: 2008-10-22 16:02:17
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Performance 
Alessandro Donnini schrieb:
I seriously doubt that. But you can check that if you use
Polipo/Privoxy, but not Tor.

@_date: 2008-10-22 22:43:23
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Performance 
Marco Bonetti schrieb:
That point was always one that prevented me from playing around with too many
Tor settings. In addition, I am not sure, if it won't harm the Tor network as
a whole if too many peoply tune their options to prefer low-latency circuits
and/or certain high-bandwidth relays, which will cause even more frustrated
users who also use the same tips and so forth...

@_date: 2008-09-30 09:58:52
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Is the ITU Undermining Internet Anonymity? 
scar schrieb:
Bruce Schneier also commented on this in his blog:
"The NSA Teams Up with the Chinese Government to Limit Internet Anonymity
Definitely strange bedfellows: ..."

@_date: 2008-09-03 14:11:36
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: another DirPort DoS attacker 
John Brooks schrieb:
NAT - Network Address Translation - comes to mind. It is also possible
to run multiple Tor instances on one multi-user machine. The requests
in both cases are completely legitimate, especially in case of
high-bandwidth mirrors or relays.
That probably won't produce hundreds of simultaneous connections, but
be careful with limiting conns/IP.

@_date: 2009-04-29 13:18:13
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Version checking (was Re: 25 tbreg relays in directory) 
It will not only change with architecture, exact versions of compiler and OS,
and source code revision (think of all the people using the svn/git repo), but
also with compiler options controlling optimization/code generation, ABI,
statically vs. dynamically linked libs and probably a bunch of other. As you
combine all these you create a huge amount of possible permutations.
But it is anyway useless, because any client can upload any data it wants to
and claim it is its own binary.
BTW: Do you know, that there are independent implementations of Tor based on
the official design documents? And that this is actually encouraged by the
authors of Tor?
BTW2: Your approach of locking out other implementations contradicts any idea
of open source and inter-operability.

@_date: 2009-04-30 10:18:07
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Version checking (was Re: 25 tbreg relays in directory) 
Actually you don't come with any concrete suggestions how you would like to do
it. That is not surprising because what you want to do is impossible.
Ok. Lets examine:
1) You publish source code - ok. But that alone is not open source.
2) You want to prevent people from compiling the code themselves.
3) You want to prevent people from changing and using the code.
4) You want to prevent people from writing alternative implementations.
I don't see how you can do this and still claim to support open source. (Maybe
you should read some more at  and [I will skip the rest, it would be a repetition.]
For the purpose of inter-operability of networks or parts of a network there
exist design specifications which exactly describe how a client must behave.
It is not important, which language is used for programming or which platform,
compiler, libs, etc. as long as the software behaves according to that. (Would
you require that all the systems connected to the internet are authenticated
the way you desire? The result would be a mono-culture of systems which will
all fail at the same time with the same problem.)
The only thing you _might_ do: check for specific (mis-)behaviour of a given
node. (But the internet would not exist in its current form if the systems are
not at least partially accepting non-conforming behaviour.)
And if someone writes a client not behaving? First the chance is high, that it
will give a 'bad' user experience (performance, but most of all anonymity).
There is then little chance that that client will gain enough distribution to
be relevant. But if it does and it finally result in a split of networks? Ok,
let the better one win. ;-)

@_date: 2009-06-13 10:46:26
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: eliminating bogus port 43 exits 
My comment is very basic and related to one somebody else already made, but
IMHO it should not vanish in the discussion:
What definition of 'illegitimate' do you use? Even if traffic to some port 43
is not a request for a whois server, why should that be illegitimate?
Transferring specific data to/from specific ports is (thanks ) not compulsory. Many Tor nodes operate the OR port on 80 or 443, but
clearly don't transfer HTTP traffic. Does that make it illegitimate traffic?
And if yes: does everyone operating a whois server would have to register
somewhere, so that the Tor developers/operators can include its IP into the
(default) exit policy?
There may be people using port 43 for something 'illegitimate' (depending on
definition), but you cannot deduce this from that the fact that a large
percentage of your port 43 traffic is not addressed to one of 43 IP addresses.
Of course, everyone is free to restrict his Tor node as he likes, but calling
for a default restriction is IMHO not justified without more information.
Have a nice weekend,

@_date: 2009-06-13 10:49:16
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: Bitblinder = Tor 2 
Because a lot nodes would cease operation in that case.

@_date: 2009-03-10 09:38:16
@_author: Dominik Schaefer 
@_subject: info and a problem 
Hi Karsten,
Am 09.03.2009 21:38 Uhr, schrieb Karsten N.:
I am not sure, but last year there was a bug fix concerning directory mirrors
submitting wrong IP addresses to clients which auto-detect their addresses.
Maybe the relay here was an old one with exactly this problem?
- Patch from "Andrew S. Lists" to catch when we contact a directory
      mirror at IP address X and he says we look like we're coming from
      IP address X. Otherwise this would screw up our address detection.
