
@_date: 2007-12-09 14:40:37
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: Possible to have "favorites"? 
good idea, but why not trusted friends as stable connections for an entry
point of the tor network?
-> Tor as a plugin of please evaluate it.
2007/12/9, Christian Westlund :

@_date: 2007-12-09 23:54:30
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: Possible to have "favorites"? 
not default, but as an option to choose that tunnel to/of a friend,
connect if you like to favourites = or trusted friends
if not, then choose a random peer.
2007/12/9, Marco Bonetti :

@_date: 2007-12-10 19:00:16
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: torbutton webpage comments 
hi eric,
you make the ff-torbutton?
it is not seczure, as cookiees trac you and referal pages as well and so on,
if you switch off the tor button
is there any solution for this ? is xerbank-browser not better?
Regards Mike
PS: haven?t you interest to build a FF plugin for mozilla and thunderbird of
 or this PGP messenger into sameplace.cc ?
Thanks for a feedback
2007/12/10, Eric H. Jung :

@_date: 2007-12-23 09:10:55
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: Please run a bridge relay! (was Re: Tor 0.2.0.13-alpha is out) 
2007/12/22, Roger Dingledine :
Like this one:
Thx, overead it.
no. ;-) Happy Christmas.
Having "Invisible Tor Entry Points"  (ITEPs) in several other applications
would be great, so an Itep c++ library would be good.
Though we need to rise the exit nodes too. From 1200, 500 are dead or  not
stable. from 700,  400 are in the EU under logging, and from 300 nodes only
60 are exit points... how can this be rised?
Last Question: is a Bridge or an ITEP only forwarding traffic or as well
routing in both directions? so it could be the case, that one logging exit
node got data from me and I am caught because of being neighbour, so this
could be changed, if ITEPs get a modus, in which they do not route, but only
forward incoming traffic, and this not to exit nodes, but only to forwarding
routers. then the bridge is safe from data retention law, as they are one
hop behind the routing to an exit node. Could that be an option, that ITEPs
are free from exit nodes contacts?

@_date: 2007-12-03 06:58:30
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: storage privacy (was: Nice quiet, private, anonymous life??) 
privacy back-up storage concept:
2007/12/3, F. Fox :

@_date: 2007-11-16 18:04:18
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: new perspektive for tor 
Hello Roger, hello List
I read on another forum, that you are visiting us for the Congress in Berlin
and will  talk later with the people from the
about a new extension to Tor
Due to data retention logg needs/law in the EU, there will be no
outproxy and no forwarding-nodes in the EU anymore, if they do not
logg all traffic. Though there might be a foreign Tor-node in the
chain, e.g. from India or USA, mostley the german or EU Tor nodes are
worthless, as you can follow the chain (if they logg).
The Tor Campain has the idea, to bring Tor on routers, but this is
still then ilegal and needs logging, nor would this use no one and
third we are not FON.
There has been another idea, to put an TOR-Outproxy into Firefox, so
that opening the outproxy is a MUST and default. So tit-for-tat, you
are allowed to surf anonymous, if you allow other to surf through your
IP/Tor-Firefox too.
Third I thought about this idea:
Developing a second communication layer (second virtual network) for
tor, which is compatible with the peers, but running on a
friend-to-friend private network, which is encrypted and would allow
to support the network not by Outproxies in Germany/EU, but with a lot
of Forwarding-Nodes in germany on this virtual network.
E.G. Dive in in the USA, 4 Hops in Germany, Back one Hop to India and
then surfing to the website. the 4 Forwarding hops in Germany CAN take
place, if they are in a closed virtual private network, where the
entry and last hop of this virtual network layer is outside Germany
(so the 1-before- last hop of the tor-chain).
See the graphic here:
Alice is located in the USA, but it would be no problem to locate
Alice in Germany.
You only need to be sure, that you make the option "outproxy" in a
country, which is outside the data-retention-law, e.g. india.
In the countries, where you have data-retention-law and need to logg,
there it is as well forbidden to use an forwarding-tor-node (except
you logg, but then worthless).
But: if you make the german forwarding nodes in a second layer (I call
it plugin-nodes), then you have encrypted tunnels to friends, this
means you start the virtual forwarding network over an India node,
SWITCH TO F2F-SECURE NETWORK - tiggle it a few hops in germany, and
the last one is forwarding again to india and SO SWITCH BACK FROM
F2F-SECURE NETWORK and make one hop to the website.
This means the TIGGLING HOPS IN GERMANY can be 5 , 7, 10 hops... and
no one knows the IPs of the Tor-Pugins, because it is not relaying on
peers, but trusted friends which maintain a private secure channel
Ok, it is a kind of web of trust with this messenger,
so got one participant by police, you can locally /physically see
which other friends he has, either from the PGP-Certificate, but as
well by the ISP connections. But: This is the same with Tor, and here
you have peers, so it is even more insecure, if there is logging by
the ISP. (and the isp loggs, yes, but in the F2F network you have
streams, so you can deny to run a Tor-Plugin !!! no one can prove !,
that?s the trick !!)
It is a kind of hopping in F2F: the messenger F2F is the basis, and we
only need that for website-data-traffic beeing able to hop the
friends, with the condition: the Outproxy is needed outside the law of
data retention. (if the law is all over the world to logg any
outproxy, then tor is definately dead). See the powerpoint here for
hopping friends.
Then the Picture above shows plugin-nodes into a f2f messenger, which
normally are only forwarding (over the secure f2f channel only to
friends with tor-plugin, not to peers with tor). then you have friends
in countries without this data retention law, these friend then CAN
LET THE TOR-PLUGIN connect to the normal TOR node network (forwarding
or outproxing..)
This would be a good way, the EU and Germany can support the network
by forwarding nodes (the middle chain) - if the Outproxy nodes are in
countries which have not this law.
Maybe you can discuss this,
As well I thought about TOR over i2p.net, but that would make TOR
nodes in germany possible for forwarding, but them outproxing would
relay the traffic to the one and only I2p-Surf-outproxy in Sweden,
which could not handle this.
So I think a F2F network allows to hop and forward the chain in the
middle of the tor-chain for germany, if a friend or a friend of the
friend is outside the law zone with as well such a
f2f-messenger-tor-pugin, which then is directing to the normal tor
network (or direct outproxying ).
Think of this as a pinnball game, in the top you have these tiggle the
ball contacts, before they run down again on your flippers. This
Tiggling and forwarding can take place in germany, if there is a
second layer for plugins, which can both (outside the EU) or only one:
using the secure F2F layer.
FOURTH IDEA:
See this thread:
Two c++ classes are written to build an web-surf-proxy in the IP of a
friend, so implemented into this messenger, you just pic up your
friend from the messenger list, and start surfing with his IP adress.
So if the friend is in India, any german can surf through his IP, even
groups can surf trough the IP of a friend node, installed on any
server in india, so several friends on the messenger can use one buddy
in india,
This way a chinese guy can surf with a friend-IP in the USA to the BBC
news site in England UK.
The code is ready to implement, not done from the project by priority
due to other basic things, but if one is able to implement it, please
adress to the project team.
Hope you see this direct proxying as an alternative and can support
it, the more surf options, the better. So why not surfing through a
buddy from the buddylist. Then you do not need an anonymizing chain,
it is just a method to break firewalls protecting the BBC-news for
chinese users e.g.
Thanks for the interest, and I hope you get some ideas, though to
quick written text with not correcting all the mistakes. Regards Mike.

@_date: 2007-11-16 18:32:11
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: Fwd: new perspektive for tor 
Hello Roger, hello List
I read on another forum, that you are visiting us for the Congress in Berlin
and will  talk later with the people from the
about a new extension to Tor
Due to data retention logg needs/law in the EU, there will be no
outproxy and no forwarding-nodes in the EU anymore, if they do not
logg all traffic. Though there might be a foreign Tor-node in the
chain, e.g. from India or USA, mostley the german or EU Tor nodes are
worthless, as you can follow the chain (if they logg).
The Tor Campain has the idea, to bring Tor on routers, but this is
still then ilegal and needs logging, nor would this use no one and
third we are not FON.
There has been another idea, to put an TOR-Outproxy into Firefox, so
that opening the outproxy is a MUST and default. So tit-for-tat, you
are allowed to surf anonymous, if you allow other to surf through your
IP/Tor-Firefox too.
Third I thought about this idea:
Developing a second communication layer (second virtual network) for
tor, which is compatible with the peers, but running on a
friend-to-friend private network, which is encrypted and would allow
to support the network not by Outproxies in Germany/EU, but with a lot
of Forwarding-Nodes in germany on this virtual network.
E.G. Dive in in the USA, 4 Hops in Germany, Back one Hop to India and
then surfing to the website. the 4 Forwarding hops in Germany CAN take
place, if they are in a closed virtual private network, where the
entry and last hop of this virtual network layer is outside Germany
(so the 1-before- last hop of the tor-chain).
See the graphic here:
Alice is located in the USA, but it would be no problem to locate
Alice in Germany.
You only need to be sure, that you make the option "outproxy" in a
country, which is outside the data-retention-law, e.g. india.
In the countries, where you have data-retention-law and need to logg,
there it is as well forbidden to use an forwarding-tor-node (except
you logg, but then worthless).
But: if you make the german forwarding nodes in a second layer (I call
it plugin-nodes), then you have encrypted tunnels to friends, this
means you start the virtual forwarding network over an India node,
SWITCH TO F2F-SECURE NETWORK - tiggle it a few hops in germany, and
the last one is forwarding again to india and SO SWITCH BACK FROM
F2F-SECURE NETWORK and make one hop to the website.
This means the TIGGLING HOPS IN GERMANY can be 5 , 7, 10 hops... and
no one knows the IPs of the Tor-Pugins, because it is not relaying on
peers, but trusted friends which maintain a private secure channel
Ok, it is a kind of web of trust with this messenger,
so got one participant by police, you can locally /physically see
which other friends he has, either from the PGP-Certificate, but as
well by the ISP connections. But: This is the same with Tor, and here
you have peers, so it is even more insecure, if there is logging by
the ISP. (and the isp loggs, yes, but in the F2F network you have
streams, so you can deny to run a Tor-Plugin !!! no one can prove !,
that?s the trick !!)
It is a kind of hopping in F2F: the messenger F2F is the basis, and we
only need that for website-data-traffic beeing able to hop the
friends, with the condition: the Outproxy is needed outside the law of
data retention. (if the law is all over the world to logg any
outproxy, then tor is definately dead). See the powerpoint here for
hopping friends.
Then the Picture above shows plugin-nodes into a f2f messenger, which
normally are only forwarding (over the secure f2f channel only to
friends with tor-plugin, not to peers with tor). then you have friends
in countries without this data retention law, these friend then CAN
LET THE TOR-PLUGIN connect to the normal TOR node network (forwarding
or outproxing..)
This would be a good way, the EU and Germany can support the network
by forwarding nodes (the middle chain) - if the Outproxy nodes are in
countries which have not this law.
Maybe you can discuss this,
As well I thought about TOR over i2p.net, but that would make TOR
nodes in germany possible for forwarding, but them outproxing would
relay the traffic to the one and only I2p-Surf-outproxy in Sweden,
which could not handle this.
So I think a F2F network allows to hop and forward the chain in the
middle of the tor-chain for germany, if a friend or a friend of the
friend is outside the law zone with as well such a
f2f-messenger-tor-pugin, which then is directing to the normal tor
network (or direct outproxying ).
Think of this as a pinnball game, in the top you have these tiggle the
ball contacts, before they run down again on your flippers. This
Tiggling and forwarding can take place in germany, if there is a
second layer for plugins, which can both (outside the EU) or only one:
using the secure F2F layer.
FOURTH IDEA:
See this thread:
Two c++ classes are written to build an web-surf-proxy in the IP of a
friend, so implemented into this messenger, you just pic up your
friend from the messenger list, and start surfing with his IP adress.
So if the friend is in India, any german can surf through his IP, even
groups can surf trough the IP of a friend node, installed on any
server in india, so several friends on the messenger can use one buddy
in india,
This way a chinese guy can surf with a friend-IP in the USA to the BBC
news site in England UK.
The code is ready to implement, not done from the project by priority
due to other basic things, but if one is able to implement it, please
adress to the project team.
Hope you see this direct proxying as an alternative and can support
it, the more surf options, the better. So why not surfing through a
buddy from the buddylist. Then you do not need an anonymizing chain,
it is just a method to break firewalls protecting the BBC-news for
chinese users e.g.
Thanks for the interest, and I hope you get some ideas, though to
quick written text with not correcting all the mistakes. Regards Mike.

@_date: 2007-11-17 15:31:58
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: new perspektive for tor 
2007/11/17, Robert Hogan :
in the total EU there will be NO TOR-Outproxy from begin of 1.1.2008:
So the idea is to have only forwarders in the EU - based on a security
friend to friend layer with trusted friends only (tor retroshare-plugin).
The hybrid nodes (tor plugins connecting AS WELL to the normal tor network
layer) though must be then Outside this law aerea. And: every forwarder
inside needs to know a hybrid outside the law aerea.
If this is given, he can forward the packet many time on the f2f layer of
his trusted friends, until any of the f2f-friends know ANY PORT to go
outside to a hybrid again. So this is Matrix Reloaded with Neo, needing a
- World outside: routing and routing
- HYBRID: World outside, slides the packet over to F2F
- World inside begin:
ping pong  Germany
pong ping  Germany
ping pong  Germany
pong ping  Germany
... and many hops forwarded
- World inside end
- HYBRID: World outside, a friend from inside is giving the packet to a
hybrid node outside
- Worldoutside: routing and routing to the destination.
So the new approach is to have a world outside with tor routing, and a World
inside with forwarding nodes.
The World inside is based on the secure trusted friend encrypted layer of
 .
Each node inside the World needs friends either forwarding or a
HYBRID-friend from Outside the law.
We need a board for that, to bring people from inside and outside together,
as the f2f chain may be broken quick, as not every f2f user is installing
the tor-plugin. But three or four routing ways in the middle is enough for a
start to haver the MIXER. Then different Ports or Hybrids outside the World
start the routing, some ping pong inside over f2f layer and then back
outside, ideally over a different hybrid node.
So the goal for nodes inside is a) to have friends forwarding for free, and
b) to have at least one or two hybrid- friends to mix here the
Inside-World-Entry and Inside-World-Exit Nodes. (remember the exit node is
the tor node to fetch the website and the iside-world-exit-node is the node
in a country without data retention law and hybrid with F2F).
Here are the laws: EU, Germany and some laywer discussions, UK and Ireland
and some other already have, as well USA will step into this .. so.. Russia
and India is the last resort for Tor, China as well of course not.
So a protocol change is needed, or a mixer, which is based on acting against
the law, but this will no one do.
So the trusted friend inside and the trusted friend hybrid outside will help
to get a mix chain inside the law-area.
Richtlinie 2006/24/EG:
Umgesetzt im deutschen Gesetzesentwurf:
   vom 23.06.2007
 dagegen:
sowie das Bundesverfassungsgericht:
 Bundesverfassungsgericht - Pressestelle - Pressemitteilung Nr. 82/2007 vom
27. Juli 2007 - 1 BvR 370/07; 1BvR 595/07 -

@_date: 2007-11-17 18:26:58
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: new perspektive for tor 
2007/11/17, Olaf Selke :
You need to logg the traffic, you have time to get the log tools till.
1.1.2009, so one year from beginning in 2008.
If you do not log, then you are aginst the law. Dunno, what the punsihment
But as the german plice has raided several Tor servers, I would not run one,
and as you are in  law conflict, if you do not logg, then this is as well a
problem.. so I guess in the next year more and more servers will vanish...

@_date: 2007-11-17 19:13:30
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: new perspektive for tor 
?? 113a Speicherungspflichten f?r Daten
(6) Wer Telekommunikationsdienste erbringt und hierbei die nach Ma?gabe
dieser Vorschrift zu speichernden Angaben ver?ndert, ist zur Speicherung der
urspr?nglichen und der neuen Angabe sowie des Zeitpunktes der Umschreibung
dieser Angaben nach Datum und Uhrzeit unter Angabe der zugrunde liegenden
Zeitzone verpflichtet.
2007/11/17, Olaf Selke :

@_date: 2007-11-20 20:59:14
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: new perspektive for tor 
Exit nodes are not possible anymore in the data retention law areas. german
quotation see below.
Consequences for administrators publicly operated anonymity server
 In dem am 9.In
November 2007 von der Mehrheit der Abgeordneten des Deutschen
Entwurfs des Gesetzes
zur Neuregelung der Telekommunikations?berwachung und anderer verdeckter
Ermittlungsma?nahmen sowie zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie 2006/24/EG
Bundesregierung ergeben sich bei Inkrafttreten des Gesetzes und
der betreffenden Artikel vor dem Bundesverfassungsgericht f?r die Betreiber
aller Tor Router Betreiber folgende Konsequenzen. November 2007 of the
majority of Members of the German
draft law
on the reorganization of the telecommunications surveillance and other
covert investigative measures, and to implement the Directive 2006/24/EG (
"data retention") of
government are at the entry into force of the law and the existence
of the article prior to the Federal Constitutional Court for the operators
of all gateway router operator following
Konsequenzen f?r Administratoren ?ffentlich betriebener
In dem am 9. November 2007 von der Mehrheit der Abgeordneten des Deutschen
Entwurfs des Gesetzes
zur Neuregelung der Telekommunikations?berwachung und anderer verdeckter
Ermittlungsma?nahmen sowie zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie 2006/24/EG
Bundesregierung ergeben sich bei Inkrafttreten des Gesetzes und
der betreffenden Artikel vor dem Bundesverfassungsgericht f?r die Betreiber
aller Tor Router Betreiber folgende Konsequenzen.
 Was f?r Tor gilt, gilt f?r alle ?ffentlich betriebenen
Anonymisierungsdienste und deren Teilnehmer, die f?r den
Anonymisierungsdienst Server stellen, also z. B. auch f?r E-Mail
Remailer.What Tor, applies to all publicly operated anonymizing
services and its
participants, for the anonymity service Server, eg for e-mail Remailer.
I. Vorratsdatenspeicherung nach EU-Richtlinie 2006/24/EG I. data retention
under EU Directive 2006/24/EG
Die Umsetzung der EU-Richtlinie 2006/24/EG verankert im Gesetz die
Verpflichtung zur Vorratsdatenspeicherung f?r jeden, der einen ?ffentlich
erreichbaren Anonymisierungsdient anbietet, dessen Funktionen darauf
ausgelegt sind, "ma?gebliche" Original-Verkehrsdaten zu ver?ndern, worunter
bei Anonymisierungsdiensten prim?r die IP-Adresse f?llt. The implementation
of the EU Directive 2006/24/EG enshrines in law the obligation of data
retention for each of a publicly accessible anonymity Serves offers to its
functions are designed "significant" original-traffic data to change,
including for anonymity services primarily IP Address drops. Das bedeutet
f?r Tor Router Betreiber, das sowohl Tor Eingangs-, Middleman- als auch
Ausgangs-Router Betreiber zur sechsmonatigen Vorratsspeicherung der in
Verbindung mit dem Betrieb des Routers anfallenden Verkehrsdaten gezwungen
sind. That means for Router gateway operators, and the gate entrance,
Middleman- and starting router operator to six months retention in
connection with the operation of the router incurred forced traffic data.
In der Begr?ndung wird jeder Anonymisierungsdienst als Anbieter von
Telemedien- und Telekommunikationsdiensten f?r die ?ffentlichkeit definiert,
was ihn z. B. mit einem Telefonieanbieter gleichstellt und ihn somit den
gleichen Vorratsdatenspeicherverpflichtungen unterwirft. In the explanatory
memorandum, each anonymizing services as a provider of Telemedien- and
telecommunication services to the public defines what it eg with a telephony
provider him equal footing and thus the same inventory data storage
obligations subordinates. Dabei ist es nicht von Bedeutung, ob eine direkte
Endbenutzerbeziehung besteht (wie z. B. bei der Beziehung zwischen
Internetnutzer - Anon-HTTP-Proxy) oder nicht (wie z. B. bei einem Tor
Middleman Router, der sich in der Mitte einer Tor Router "Kette"
befindet).It is not important whether a direct end-user relationship
(such as the
relationship between the Internet user Anon-HTTP-Proxy) or not (such as
during a goal Middleman router, which is in the middle of a gateway Router
"chain" is located). Da er Telekommunikationsdiensteanbieter ist, ?ber den
"Straftaten mittels Telekommunikation begangen" werden k?nnen, gelten f?r
ihn auch die erweiterten Vorratsdatenspeicherverpflichtungen des
Cybercrime-?bereinkommens (s. II.) Since he telecommunications service
provider, about the "crimes committed by means of telecommunications" that
can be applied to him and the extended memory data storage obligations of
the Cyber Crime Convention (see II)
Hier als Beispiel das gesch?tzte Speichervolumen nach eigenen Messungen
(November 2007) des Betreibers des Tor Ausgangsrouters
as an example, the estimated storage volume, according to its own
measurements (November 2007) of the operator of the starting gate router
 Server Traffic: 2.000 KB/s im Durchschnitt Traffic Server: 2,000 KB / s
 Logdaten f?r eine Woche: 200 GByte Log data for a week: 200 GByte
 Logdaten nach Entfernung nicht ben?tigter Inhalte: 120 GByte Log data after
removing unneeded content: 120 GByte
 Logdaten komprimiert und verschl?sselt: 20 GByte Log data is compressed and
encrypted: 20 GB
 Logdaten f?r 26 Wochen: 500 GByte im Durchschnitt Log data for 26 weeks:
500 GByte on average
 Aus B. L?sung (Seite 3-4) For example, solution (page 3-4)
   -  Zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie zur "Vorratsspeicherung" von
   Verkehrsdaten werden im Telekommunikationsgesetz (insbesondere in den ??
   113a, 113b TKG-E) Regelungen ?ber entsprechende Speicherungspflichten sowie
   in der Strafprozessordnung (? 100g StPO-E) Regelungen ?ber darauf bezogene
   statistische Erhebungen und Berichtspflichten geschaffen. To implement
   the directive to the "retention" of traffic data is provided in
   telecommunications law (especially in ? ? 113a, 113b TKG-E) rules on
   appropriate storage requirements and in the Criminal Procedure Code (Section
   100g StPO-E) rules relating to statistical surveys and related reporting
   requirements created .
Aus dem Gesetzestext (Seite 17) From the legal text (page 17)
Artikel 2 Article 2
?nderung des Telekommunikationsgesetzes Amendments to the Telecommunications
? 113a Speicherungspflichten f?r Daten ? 113a storage requirements for data
(6) Wer Telekommunikationsdienste erbringt und hierbei die nach Ma?gabe
dieser Vorschrift zu speichernden Angaben ver?ndert, ist zur Speicherung der
urspr?nglichen und der neuen Angabe sowie des Zeitpunktes der Umschreibung
dieser Angaben nach Datum und Uhrzeit unter Angabe der zugrunde liegenden
Zeitzone verpflichtet . (6) Who telecommunications services are provided and
in accordance with the requirements of this provision to save details
changed, is to store the original and the new specification, as well as to
the timing of the transfer of this information by date and time, indicating
the underlying time zone.
Konsequenzen f?r Administratoren ?ffentlich betriebener
In dem am 9. November 2007 von der Mehrheit der Abgeordneten des Deutschen
Entwurfs des Gesetzes
zur Neuregelung der Telekommunikations?berwachung und anderer verdeckter
Ermittlungsma?nahmen sowie zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie 2006/24/EG
Bundesregierung ergeben sich bei Inkrafttreten des Gesetzes und
der betreffenden Artikel vor dem Bundesverfassungsgericht f?r die Betreiber
aller Tor Router Betreiber folgende Konsequenzen.
Was f?r Tor gilt, gilt f?r alle ?ffentlich betriebenen
Anonymisierungsdienste und deren Teilnehmer, die f?r den
Anonymisierungsdienst Server stellen, also z. B. auch f?r E-Mail Remailer.
I. Vorratsdatenspeicherung nach EU-Richtlinie 2006/24/EG
Die Umsetzung der EU-Richtlinie 2006/24/EG verankert im Gesetz die
Verpflichtung zur Vorratsdatenspeicherung f?r jeden, der einen ?ffentlich
erreichbaren Anonymisierungsdient anbietet, dessen Funktionen darauf
ausgelegt sind, "ma?gebliche" Original-Verkehrsdaten zu ver?ndern, worunter
bei Anonymisierungsdiensten prim?r die IP-Adresse f?llt. Das bedeutet f?r
Tor Router Betreiber, das sowohl Tor Eingangs-, Middleman- als auch
Ausgangs-Router Betreiber zur sechsmonatigen Vorratsspeicherung der in
Verbindung mit dem Betrieb des Routers anfallenden Verkehrsdaten gezwungen
In der Begr?ndung wird jeder Anonymisierungsdienst als Anbieter von
Telemedien- und Telekommunikationsdiensten f?r die ?ffentlichkeit definiert,
was ihn z. B. mit einem Telefonieanbieter gleichstellt und ihn somit den
gleichen Vorratsdatenspeicherverpflichtungen unterwirft. Dabei ist es nicht
von Bedeutung, ob eine direkte Endbenutzerbeziehung besteht (wie z. B. bei
der Beziehung zwischen Internetnutzer - Anon-HTTP-Proxy) oder nicht (wie z.
B. bei einem Tor Middleman Router, der sich in der Mitte einer Tor Router
"Kette" befindet). Da er Telekommunikationsdiensteanbieter ist, ?ber den
"Straftaten mittels Telekommunikation begangen" werden k?nnen, gelten f?r
ihn auch die erweiterten Vorratsdatenspeicherverpflichtungen des
Cybercrime-?bereinkommens (s. II.)
Hier als Beispiel das gesch?tzte Speichervolumen nach eigenen Messungen
(November 2007) des Betreibers des Tor Ausgangsrouters
Server Traffic: 2.000 KB/s im Durchschnitt
Logdaten f?r eine Woche: 200 GByte
Logdaten nach Entfernung nicht ben?tigter Inhalte: 120 GByte
Logdaten komprimiert und verschl?sselt: 20 GByte
Logdaten f?r 26 Wochen: 500 GByte im Durchschnitt
Aus B. L?sung (Seite 3-4)
   - Zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie zur "Vorratsspeicherung" von
   Verkehrsdaten werden im Telekommunikationsgesetz (insbesondere in den ??
   113a, 113b TKG-E) Regelungen ?ber entsprechende Speicherungspflichten sowie
   in der Strafprozessordnung (? 100g StPO-E) Regelungen ?ber darauf bezogene
   statistische Erhebungen und Berichtspflichten geschaffen.
Aus dem Gesetzestext (Seite 17)
Artikel 2
?nderung des Telekommunikationsgesetzes
? 113a Speicherungspflichten f?r Daten
(6) Wer Telekommunikationsdienste erbringt und hierbei die nach Ma?gabe
dieser Vorschrift zu speichernden Angaben ver?ndert, ist zur Speicherung der
urspr?nglichen und der neuen Angabe sowie des Zeitpunktes der Umschreibung
dieser Angaben nach Datum und Uhrzeit unter Angabe der zugrunde liegenden
Zeitzone verpflichtet.
Aus der Begr?ndung (Seite 71-72)
B. Besonderer Teil
Zu Nummer 6 (?? 113a und 113b TKG-E)
Zu Absatz 6
"...Die Vorgabe des Absatzes 6 ist erforderlich, um einerseits die
grunds?tzliche Speicherungsverpflichtung nach Absatz 1 auf die
Diensteanbieter mit Endnutzerbeziehung beschr?nken zu k?nnen und
andererseits gleichwohl eine R?ckverfolgbarkeit der Telekommunikation auch
im Falle einer ?nderung der relevanten Daten durch einen
zwischengeschalteten Diensteanbieter ohne Endnutzerbeziehungsicherzustellen..."
Hierbei kommt es auch nicht darauf an, ob die Zwischenschaltung des
Diensteanbieters etwa aus technischen oder wirtschaftlichen Gr?nden durch
die an der Erbringung der Telekommunikationsdienste beteiligten
Diensteanbieter geschieht oder ob die Zwischenschaltung auf Veranlassung des
Endnutzers gezielt zur Ver?nderung der nach Ma?gabe der Abs?tze 2 bis 4 zu
speichernden Daten erfolgt, wie dies etwa bei der Nutzung von
Anonymisierungsdiensten der Fall ist. In beiden F?llen besteht die
Speicherungsverpflichtung nach Absatz 6, wenn die ma?geblichen Daten bei der
Erbringung des Telekommunikationsdienstes ver?ndert werden.
Soweit eine Speicherungsverpflichtung danach auch f?r die Anbieter von
Anonymisierungsdiensten begr?ndet wird, ist zu ber?cksichtigen, dass auch
diese Anbieter ?ffentlich zug?ngliche Telekommunikationsdienste erbringen.
?ffentlich zug?ngliche Telekommunikationsdienste sind alle
Telekommunikationsdienste im Sinne von ? 3 Nr. 24 TKG, die jedermann
zug?nglich sind. Nach ? 3 Nr. 24 TKG fallen darunter die "reinen"
Telekommunikationsdienste (also Dienste, die ausschlie?lich in der
?bertragung von Signalen ?ber Telekommunikationsnetze bestehen) sowie Dienste
mit Doppelnatur, die zwar auch unter den Rechtsrahmen f?r Telemedien fallen,
aber zugleich Telekommunikationsdienste nach ? 3 Nr. 24 TKG sind, weil sie
?berwiegend in der ?bertragung von Signalen ?ber Telekommunikationsnetze
bestehen. Dies sind in erster Linie diejenigen Dienste, die sowohl der
Bereitstellung eines Internetzugangs als auch der ?bertragung elektronischer
Post dienen. Auch Anonymisierungsdienste weisen allerdings eine solche
Doppelnatur auf, da ihre T?tigkeit sowohl in der Durchleitung der Nachricht
als auch in der Ersetzung der Ausgangskennung des Telekommunikationsnutzers
besteht. Diese Dienste sind daher sowohl Telemedien als auch ? im Hinblick
auf ihre Transportfunktion ? Telekommunikationsdienste f?r die
?ffentlichkeit (vgl. hierzu jetzt auch ? 11 Abs. 3 des Telemediengesetzes
[TMG], ferner Schmitz, in: Spindler/Schmitz/Geis, TDG-Kommen- tar, 2004, ? 1
TDDSG, Rn. 16).
II. Vorratsdatenspeicherung nach ?bereinkommen ?ber Computerkriminalit?t des
Die Umsetzung des Cybercrime-?bereinkommens des Europarates im Gesetz durch
?nderung des ? 100g der Strafprozessordnung erlaubt den dazu berechtigten
Stellen, nach gerichtlicher Anordnung (oder f?r drei Tage nach
staatsanwaltschaftlicher Anordnung bei Gefahr im Verzug) die Verkehrsdaten
von Tor Router Betreibern zu erheben und zwar auch in Echzeit und nicht nur
als R?ckgriff auf bevorratete Speicherungen. Das bedeutet auch, der
Betreiber eines Tor Routers muss ggf. in der Lage sein, die bei ihm
anfallenden Verkehrsdaten unmittelbar an die berechtigten Stellen
Wenn zum Beispiel jemand einen Tor Ausgangsrouter betreibt, den ein anderer
Tor Nutzer benutzt bzw. missbraucht, um eine "Straftat mittels
Telekommunikation" zu begehen und dazu seine Identit?t bzw. seine IP-Adresse
?ber die Tor Nutzung verschleiert, wird f?r Strafverfolgungsbeh?rden
stattdessen die IP-Adresse des Tor Ausgangsrouters am Ort der Begehung der
Straftat (z. B. in der Logdatei) sichtbar. Wenn die Strafverfolgungsbeh?rden
keine Kenntnis ?ber Tor besitzen oder keinen Abgleich mit dem Verzeichnis
aller Tor Router durchf?hren, werden sie von dem Verdacht ausgehen, der
Betreiber des Tor Ausgangsrouters sei der "T?ter oder Teilnehmer", der "eine
Straftat mittels Telekommunikation begangen hat" und deshalb ggf. dessen
Verkehrsdaten erheben, die z. B. beim Internet-Zugangsprovider anfallen,
wenn der Betreiber den Tor Ausgangsrouter daheim auf seinem privaten PC
Aus B. L?sung (Seite 3-4)
   - Dem durch das ?bereinkommen ?ber Computerkriminalit?t des
Regelungsbedarf wird durch die Umgestaltung des ? 100g StPO in
   eine Datenerhebungsbefugnis (...) nachgekommen.
Aus dem Gesetzestext (Seite 13)
Artikel 1
?nderung der Strafprozessordnung
? 100a (?berwachung und Aufzeichnung von Telekommunikation)
(3) Die Anordnung darf sich nur gegen den Beschuldigten oder gegen Personen
richten, von denen auf Grund bestimmter Tatsachen anzunehmen ist, dass sie
f?r den Beschuldigten bestimmte oder von ihm herr?hrende Mitteilungen
entgegennehmen oder weitergeben oder dass der Beschuldigte ihren Anschluss
? 100b (Anordnungen, Richtervorbehalt, Berichtspflicht)
(1) Ma?nahmen nach ? 100a d?rfen nur auf Antrag der Staatsanwaltschaft durch
das Gericht angeordnet werden. Bei Gefahr im Verzug kann die Anordnung auch
durch die Staatsanwaltschaft getroffen werden.
? 100g
(1) Begr?nden bestimmte Tatsachen den Verdacht, dass jemand als T?ter oder
   1. eine Straftat von auch im Einzelfall erheblicher Bedeutung,
   insbesondere eine in ? 100a Abs. 2 bezeichnete Straftat, begangen hat, in
   F?llen, in denen der Versuch strafbar ist, zu begehen versucht hat oder
   durch eine Straftat vorbereitet hat oder
   2. eine Straftat mittels Telekommunikation begangen hat,
so d?rfen auch ohne Wissen des Betroffenen Verkehrsdaten (? 96 Abs. 1, ?
113a des Telekommunikationsgesetzes) erhoben werden, soweit dies f?r die
Erforschung des Sachverhalts oder die Ermittlung des Aufenthaltsortes des
Beschuldigten erforderlich ist. Im Falle des Satzes 1 Nr. 2 ist die Ma?nahme
nur zul?ssig, wenn die Erforschung des Sachverhalts oder die Ermittlung des
Aufenthaltsortes des Beschuldigten auf andere Weise aussichtslos w?re und
die Erhebung der Daten in einem angemessenen Verh?ltnis zur Bedeutung der
Sache steht. Die Erhebung von Standortdaten in Echtzeit ist nur im Falle des
Satzes 1 Nr. 1 zul?ssig.
(2) ? 100a Abs. 3 und ? 100b Abs. 1 bis 4 Satz 1 gelten entsprechend.
Abweichend von ? 100b Abs. 2 Satz 2 Nr. 2 gen?gt im Falle einer Straftat von
erheblicher Bedeutung eine r?umlich und zeitlich hinreichend bestimmte
Bezeichnung der Telekommunikation, wenn die Erforschung des Sachverhalts auf
andere Weise aussichtslos oder wesentlich erschwert w?re.
(3) Erfolgt die Erhebung von Verkehrsdaten nicht beim
Telekommunikationsdiensteanbieter, bestimmt sie sich nach Abschluss des
Kommunikationsvorgangs nach den allgemeinen Vorschriften. Aus der Begr?ndung
(Seite 50-55)
B. Besonderer Teil
Zu Artikel 1 (?nderung der Strafprozessordnung)
Zu ? 100g...
Seite 50
Absatz 1 wird in Anlehnung an ? 100a Abs. 1 StPO-E als allgemeine Befugnis
zur Erhebung von Verkehrsdaten ausgestaltet und schafft damit die von
Artikel 20 des ?bereinkommens ?ber Computerkriminalit?t geforderte M?glichkeit
einer Echtzeiterhebung von Verkehrsdaten.
? 100g StPO wird daher nicht mehr allein als Regelung eines
Auskunftsanspruchs gegen?ber Telekommunikationsdiensteanbietern
sondern als umfassende
Erhebungsbefugnis f?r Verkehrsdaten ausgestaltet. Damit wird zugleich
Artikel 20 Abs. 1 Buchstabe a1 des ?bereinkommens ?ber Computerkriminalit?t
Rechnung getragen, der die Erm?glichung einer Erhebung von Verkehrsdaten in
Echtzeit verlangt.
Mit der Ausgestaltung des ? 100g Abs. 1 Satz 1 StPO-E als umfassende
Befugnis zur Erhebung von Verkehrsdaten entf?llt nicht die bislang
ausdr?cklich in ? 100g Abs. 1 StPO enthaltene Auskunftsverpflichtung der
Diensteanbieter. Deren Pflicht zur Mitwirkung an einer Ausleitung der
Verkehrsdaten in Echtzeit oder zur Auskunftserteilung ?ber gespeicherte
Verkehrsdaten folgt vielmehr aus dem Verweis in ? 100g Abs. 2 Satz 1 auf ?
100b Abs. 3 StPO-E. Hiernach kann ?ber gespeicherte Verkehrsdaten, die
Telekommunikationsvorg?nge aus der Vergangenheit betreffen, (im Rahmen des
Erforderlichen) unbeschr?nkt Auskunft verlangt werden. Auch kann hiernach
weiterhin Auskunft ?ber zuk?nftig anfallende Verkehrsdaten verlangt werden
Seite 50-51
F?r zuk?nftig anfallende Verkehrsdaten sieht die Regelung daher zwei
M?glichkeiten der Erhebung durch die Strafverfolgungsbeh?rden vor: Zum einen
ist es zul?ssig, diese Daten in Echtzeit zu erheben, d. h. "live" vom
Telekommunikationsdienstleister an die Strafverfolgungsbeh?rden ausleiten zu
lassen; zum anderen kann die Erhebung auch weiterhin in der Weise erfolgen,
dass die nach dem Zeitpunkt der Anordnung anfallenden Verkehrsdaten in
bestimmten Zeitabst?nden geb?ndelt an die
Strafverfolgungsbeh?rdebeauskunftet werden.
Seite 51
? 100g Abs. 1 Satz 1 StPO-E gilt dar?ber hinaus aus den bereits zu ? 100b
Abs. 3 StPO-E dargelegten Gr?nden nicht nur f?r Verkehrsdaten, die bei
Personen oder Stellen gespeichert sind, die gesch?ftsm??ig
Telekommunikationsdienste erbringen oder daran mitwirken, sondern auch f?r
solche Personen und Stellen, die diese Dienste nicht gesch?ftsm??ig
erbringen. Denn die Erforderlichkeit der Erhebung von Verkehrsdaten f?r
Strafverfolgungszwecke wird nicht dadurch beseitigt, dass die
Telekommunikationsdienste nicht gesch?ftsm??ig erbracht werden. Entscheidend
ist, dass die Daten, die sich im Herrschaftsbereich eines
Telekommunikationsdiensteanbieters befinden, dem von Artikel 10 GG
gesch?tzten Telekommunikationsvorgang zuzurechnen sind (...) diese Frage
[Anm.: Ob und ggf. welche Vorkehrungen der
Telekommunikationsdiensteerbringer f?r VDS zu treffen hat] bestimmt sich
(..) nach (...) dem Telekommunikationsgesetz (z. B. ? 113a TKG-E) oder ? dem
k?nftigen ? Inhalt der Telekommunikations-?berwachungsverordnung.
Seite 52
F?r eine Vielzahl der F?lle [Anm.: die Straftat per Telekommunikation
betreffen], z. B. bei einer telefonischen Bedrohung, werden gleich
geeignete, aber weniger belastende Ermittlungsma?nahmen oftmals nicht zur
Verf?gung stehen, wenn au?er dem Zeitpunkt des Anrufs keine weiteren
Ermittlungsans?tze gegeben sind. F?r diese F?lle, die etwa dem Bereich des
"Stalking" [Anm.: aber nicht F?lle aus dem "Bereich der leichteren
Kriminalit?t" wie z. B. "begangene geringf?gige Beleidigungstaten", S. 52)
entstammen, ist die Verkehrsdatenerhebung ein unverzichtbares ? weil
regelm??ig alternativloses ? Ermittlungsinstrument.
1 Aus dem ?bereinkommen ?ber Computerkriminalit?t:
Artikel 20 ? Erhebung von Verkehrsdaten in Echtzeit
   1. Jede Vertragspartei trifft die erforderlichen gesetzgeberischen und
   anderen Ma?nahmen, um ihre zust?ndigen Beh?rden zu erm?chtigen,
      1. Verkehrsdaten, die mit bestimmten in ihrem Hoheitsgebiet
      mittels eines Computersystems ?bermittelten Kommunikationen in
      stehen, durch Anwendung technischer Mittel im Hoheitsgebiet dieser
      Vertragspartei in Echtzeit zu erheben oder aufzuzeichnen und
      2. einen Diensteanbieter im Rahmen seiner bestehenden
      technischen M?glichkeiten zu verpflichten,
         1. solche Verkehrsdaten durch Anwendung technischer Mittel
         im Hoheitsgebiet dieser Vertragspartei in Echtzeit zu erheben oder
         aufzuzeichnen oder
         2. bei der Erhebung oder Aufzeichnung solcher
         Verkehrsdaten in Echtzeit mit den zust?ndigen Beh?rden
         und diese zu unterst?tzen.
III. Durchsuchung und Datenspeicherung angemieteter Server, auf denen z. B.
ein Tor Router l?uft
Die Umsetzung des Cybercrime-?bereinkommens des Europarates im Gesetz durch
?nderung des ? 110 der Strafprozessordnung erlaubt den dazu berechtigten
Stellen, die Rechner in einem Rechenzentrum oder einer Firma, angemietete
Root-Server usw., auf denen ein Tor Router l?uft, noch vor einer
Beschlagnahmung zu durchsuchen, dortige Daten zu erfassen und zu speichern,
wenn der Betreiber eines Tor Routers selbst als "T?ter oder Teilnehmer"
einer Tat in Verdacht ger?t (s. o.) oder er zugleich Dritten Zugang auf den
Rechner / Server gew?hrt, die als "T?ter oder Teilnehmer" einer Tat
verd?chtigt werden.
Aus B. L?sung (Seite 3-4)
   - Dem durch das ?bereinkommen ?ber Computerkriminalit?t des
Regelungsbedarf wird durch (...) die Erstreckung der Befugnis
   zur Durchsicht von Datentr?gern auf mit diesen vernetzte ? aber r?umlich
   getrennte ? Speichermedien (? 110 Abs. 3 StPO-E) nachgekommen.
Aus dem Gesetzestext (Seite 15)
Artikel 1
?nderung der Strafprozessordnung
12. Dem ? 110 wird folgender Absatz 3 angef?gt:
"(3) Die Durchsicht elektronischer Speichermedien darf auf r?umlich
getrennte Speichermedien, auf die der Betroffene den Zugriff zu gew?hren
berechtigt ist, erstreckt werden. Daten, die f?r die Untersuchung von
Bedeutung sein k?nnen, d?rfen gespeichert werden, wenn bis zur
Sicherstellung der Datentr?ger ihr Verlust zu besorgen ist; sie sind zu
l?schen, sobald sie f?r die Strafverfolgung nicht mehr erforderlich sind."
Aus der Begr?ndung (Seite 27, 33, 64)
A. Allgemeiner Teil
Seite 27
"Da die M?glichkeit, die Durchsuchung auf weitere Computersysteme
auszudehnen, im geltenden Recht noch nicht verankert ist (vgl. B?r, a. a.
O., S. 217 ff.; Germann, a. a. O., S. 544 f.; Matzky, Zugriff auf EDV im
Strafprozess, 1999, S. 238), erlaubt ? 110 Abs. 3 StPO-E die
Durchsichtelektronischer Datentr?ger auf r?umlich getrennte
Speichereinheiten [Anm.:
sie auch S. 27 rechts oben:" (z. B. Netzwerkrechner im Intra- oder Internet)
"1], auf die der Betroffene Zugriff zu gew?hren berechtigt ist 2, zu
erstrecken und Daten, die f?r die Untersuchung von Bedeutung sein k?nnen, zu
speichern, wenn bis zur Sicherstellung der r?umlich getrennten Datentr?ger
ihr Verlust zu besorgen ist."
Seite 33
"Die in ? 110 Abs. 3 StPO-E vorgesehene M?glichkeit einer offenen
Online-Durchsuchung [Anm.: damit ist nicht die heimliche Online-Durchsuchung
bzw. Quellen-TK? gemeint, auf die in der Begr?ndung auch eingegangen wird]
effektiviert die Ermittlungen und erspart damit nicht n?her
quantifizierbaren Mehraufwand f?r alternativ in Betracht zu ziehende ?
regelm??ig aufw?ndigere ? alternative Ermittlungen."
B. Besonderer Teil
Seite 64
1 "Dies wird etwa der Fall sein, wenn der Betroffene von einem
entsprechenden Anbieter online zug?nglichen Speicherplatz gemietet hat. In
solchen F?llen steht es dem Betroffenen regelm??ig frei, auch dritten
Personen den Zugang zu den virtuell gespeicherten Daten zu erm?glichen."
2 "Soweit ? 110 Abs. 3 Satz 1 StPO-E darauf abstellt, dass der Betroffene
den Zugang zu gew?hren berechtigt sein muss, bedeutet dies nicht, dass die
Ma?nahme nur zul?ssig w?re, wenn der Betroffene der Strafverfolgungsbeh?rde
den Zugang auch tats?chlich gew?hrt. Vielmehr handelt es sich auch bei
diesem Teil der Durchsuchung um eine gegen?ber dem Betroffenen zwangsweise
durchsetzbare Ma?nahme."
Wie schnell man als Tor Ausgangsrouter Betreiber als "Mitt?ter" verdachtigt
wird, der sich der "Beihilfe" einer Straftat schuldig macht, die mittels
Telekommunikation bzw. den Tor Router begangen wurde, zeigten zuletzt die
Erlebnisse eines Tor Ausgangsrouter Betreibers, die im Beitrag Ein deutscher
Tor Router Admin und die deutsche
Wenn meine Lesart und Interpretation des Gesetzes und der Begr?ndung richtig
ist, gibt es bei Bestand des Gesetzes und entsprechender Auslegung seitens
der Strafverfolgungsbeh?rden und Gerichte ab Januar 2009 keine M?glichkeit
mehr, in Deutschland einen Anonymisierungsdienst ohne gleichzeitige
Vorratsdatenspeicherung zu betreiben bzw. nach Anordnung zu aktivieren.
F?llt der Betreiber von angemieteten Servern im Ausland unter die deutsche
Rechtssprechung, trifft dies auch auf Anonymsierungsdienste zu, die auf
diesen Servern betrieben werden, deren Integrit?t nebenbei durch die
Durchsuchungs- und Datenspeicherbefugnisse der umgesetzten Artikel des
Cybercrime-?bereinkommens nicht mehr zu gew?hrleisten ist.
Der Titel ist ein Ausspruch eines Tor Router Betreibers auf der or-talk Tor
Mailingliste im Verlauf einer Diskussion um die Auswirkungen des
beschlossenen Gesetzes auf Tor Router Betreiber.
Sollten es sich um ?bertriebene oder falsche Interpretationen meinerseits
handeln oder wichtige Punkte fehlen, bitte ich um Kommentare.
Geschrieben von Kai Raven

@_date: 2007-11-22 19:36:31
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: Tor blocking german nodes 
please do not attach germany to fascism, this shows only our broen view.
blocking nodes in the EU from ourside EU is nonsense and does not help the
network, e.g. you are destroying the network by itself, i tis only a risk,
if someone is in the EU an Exitnode.
Forwarding nodes are needed and if there is no logging, this is the own risk
of the mantainer.
regards Mike
PS: from which country are you?
2007/11/22, kazaam :

@_date: 2007-11-25 12:55:42
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: Europaen Cybercrime Convention 
just run tor on a dedecated server, install a truecrypt.org container and
make if portable only in this container.
if the power is off, the tor installation has gone.
But I guess you mean a password protection while running?
2007/11/25, TOR Admin (gpfTOR1) :

@_date: 2007-11-25 18:39:02
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: Surveillance rules, feature suggestion 
this is a good idea, see the thread to do this over f2f,
in your model this is done as well, but you need to make sure, that a
middelman-only node NEVER connects to another node, which is any other node
in the same law-country,
So the middleman-only-node connecting to another middleman-only-node  in
germany is redundant, as if one is analyzed, the logs offer as well the
other in the same law zone, so the hop is redundant and waste in the point
of security.
A german middlenode-only to an german-exit-node is a dead thing !
Only german middlenode-only-peer connecting to ANY kind of node Outside the
law area is useful.
the idea to use F2F would allow to have the waste of 2 german middlenodes
broken, which means this is helpful to have both or more hops, even as well
for using a different law-Exit node from the law-zone (do not mix up with
the web-exit node) in the chain.
So this means: Middelnodes in the law aerea are only useful with ONE hop and
ONLY connections to law-outside-nodes. But who will determine that all in a
p2p way if a node is outside, then the analyzers just need to set up a
dedicated server in the USA or India and the middle-node is as well
Third, to prevent this, you then need as well several middle nodes in the
law zone, which is not really a prevention, as both or all three need to
log, So if the middle-node is contacting a malicious law-outside node, your
are done.
Here as well only F2F helps to connect to stable trusted prooved firiends in
the outside-law aerea.
If there is a random peer is choosen, then the middlenode as well is
analyzed in the case of a trap.
2007/11/25, Smuggler :

@_date: 2007-11-25 18:41:03
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: Surveillance rules, feature suggestion 
2007/11/25, Eugen Leitl :
again, this works only if you forward the hop over a F2F network, all other
is not working.
-> plug in the tor system into  F2F forwarding.

@_date: 2008-04-20 16:13:39
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: getting more exit nodes 
Hello Alexander, and list,
that is an essential idea, which is now discussed, and that start of that
development is still missing. So good to hear.
First, I agree (as posted earlier), that we need a tit-for-tat Tor:
Everyone who wants to surf with the IP of another peer, needs to give his IP
as well, so that others can surf.
That was the idea of peek-a-booty software, which stalled in development.
We raised the question to have a special browser with this exit-node tor
implemented to jap and roger and torpark.
But noone ever came up with any solution.
So I appreciate the new tit-for-tat paragdim and development start:
everyone who uses tor, must be with his IP an exit node.
Similar archtectures were discussed for friends of friends, e.g. over
 - there is already code (i can send or see the
feature request postings with the patch) where a friend is a proxy for all
his friends..
You now mention the firewall problem...
here i might be allowed to suggest as well this kind of architecture, which
helps in three ways:
a) surfing of all friends through my IP: psiphon or retroshare patch
b) installing on certain retroshare nodes a tor node, so that both are in a
superpeer modus:
friends can surf over rs friends and select the ip of the friend, or the tor
circuit. that is a limited design, as only friends can choose that server
and for the peers from the tor network choosing this exit node, it makes no
difference. so for the friends it is just a normal proxy, they share with
the option to step into a tor circuit. Though--- that way one RS friend in
the USA would allow many friends to choose that exit-ip. or that tor-entry
ip. (without the ISP logging, as RS is encrypted transfer)
an now the interesting thing c) Breaking through a firewall:
RS has implemented openDHT and other RS nodes work as a STUN server, so the
connection can break through every firewall.
The idea is now, to use any retroshare node to make the firewall
breakthrough for the TOR-Client-Firefox node.
That design uses not the f2f-connections, but the network only for the
firewall breakthrough (initial Stun).
Of course you can install as well any central STUN server.
The problem with this design is, if the (central or public known) stun
server is killed (or the forwarding tor server), then many client-exit-nodes
(the firefoxusers) are killed.
(and of course the users doing evil things to them with the ip of the
client-exit node... so here is the real problem, not showing the IP of the
pseudo-exit node not in the tor-server list).
You request a total change to a p2p network, away from the client-server
approach. That was peek-a-booty.
so your idea has two main impacts:
- firewall breakthrough
- hidden client-exit-nodes (covered by the IP of the proxy-forwarding
As said: the p2p network needs no serverlist, just any user as an outproxy
and every user testing TOR can accuse any IP - the one with which he surfs -
to shut down the exit node. Indifferent, if it is a pseudo or normal or
client exit node.
I would speak then of a "professional server exit node" and an
"at-home-Firefox-private-exit-node", and because of the firewall, the
private exit nodes need a stun server or "reflector" (term from cucme) or a
proxy or a forwarding server - however you want to call it.
professional exit node = Tor servers (appear in the list)
refelctors = Pseudeo-exit nodes
Private exit nodes = Firefox users, connecting to reflectors, getting the
requests forwarded from them.
So the hiding of the IP of the private exit node is not the issue..
(though with your design they do not appear in the list of the (normal tor)
client, but every user can surf, see the exit-ip and take it down (= test if
there is a log, if not -> accuse )).
That is the same problem with the emule clients.. which show the IP
downloading a file.
Using the STUN/proxy servers or reflectors to hide them, helps, but then the
target are these STUN pseudo-server. If one is down, many private or
client-exit nodes are down.
And how do clients find the list of refelctors? so you have the same problem
in the Firefox client, which you have now in the tor client serverlist.
("Note that currently, any relay must be able to connect to any other
That idea is simple:
1. I agree not to make a browser plugin, but to stick it to any other always
running software.
Then because of the revealing cockies while switching tor on and off in the
browser, it would be good to have an own browser, with different gui
colours, so that users know, with that browser: I surf with a different ip.
2. Make Tor tit-for tat for that deamon.
3. Stun the deamon with retroshare (as it is a p2p stun network and not a
cental stun server) and then users need to install both.
(btw. the Qt gui of RS has as well a browser widget, so you can implement as
well a small browser there, or link to localhost for your normal browser.)
What is then the function?:
e.g. all private-exits could even perform a new network, STUN by RS.
or: the professional exit nodes are as well given, but then the
client/private exit nodes are listed in each serverlist.
In the end, though roger might not like the idea, I believe, that we need
trusted privat friend to friend connetions to such reflector servers.
That means, I surf over RS to another RS user, whom I trust, and here I find
a reflector or a direct exit point.
That means, this client is free of any serverlist...
And for the reflector... this means, he is not reporting any client nodes
(friends) to any professional servers. As he chooses any friend out of his
list (by random) to forward the request from normal tor clients or
professional circuit tor servers (or other friends).
So you see.,. in the end, the firewall breakout is trivial and only a
technical thing.
The hiding of the leaves.. or client-nodes is not really helping, as you see
in emule: downloading shows the IP of the file-hoster/inserter or the
client-exit-node and makes only the reflector servers the target.
any test to surf with client-exit nodes showing a german ip rises the
question: how is data retention done.. as it is not, the users are still
You only can get away from that problem, if the connection to an exit node
is done by trusted friends in europe, while the exit node/reflector is
outside the law.
The solution to the problem is, that private persons allow private
persons/friends to surf with his own IP adress, while that IP is NOT listed
in the public!!
Or the other way round: the problem are the (public) list of tor-servers.
We need to find tor server to forward the request, to a bunch of other
IP-adresses out of a cache, while each client has another list in this
That is the list of friends each one has!!
while peers are public, friends are private and really, i believe, that the
protocol needs this extention, that the route of the circuit over peers is
broken by one hop over friends, as only this hop guarantees an IP as an exit
node, which is not listed in the public.
one retroshare node with an tor-reflector node in the USA allows all 10
friends in europe to be exit points, which are not know in the tor world.
furthermore in the other way, these 10 friends can surf through the
reflector which forwards to another relector and then to another group of
frieds (which have as well their IP adresses not listed in the public).
You see, each reflector is a gatekeeper with a bunch of friends. Friends
from villariba surf over both gatekeepers with the IP of friends from
The connection then between/amoung reflector nodes itself and their
connection to the normal peer-based tor network might reveal then all IP
adresses of the reflector nodes.. so they are still able to take down.
For that then you need as well a web of trust (excluding private peers)
amoung the reflector nodes.
These nodes are then only accusable, if the evil man sets up as well an
relfector, to find out all the other reflectors. (that means a new network,
reflectors not conneced to public tor server lists)
as they are a kind of multiplicators or supernodes, it is a big damage, if
one of them is gone, but if every reflector is only aware of a small list of
others, then the IP of that reflector is not in the public.
anyway... just some thoughts and the resticted list of nodes is still an not
solved problem. Hidden services might help?
Ideally you want a new network, in which you get in a DHT a list of all
nodes, which are all exit nodes, yourself including,
you just need one Ip to bootstrap and then just choose any peer which is
online, to use him as an exit point. (to prevent data retenmtion, one hop
mixing)  oR: that amoung these participating nodes tor circuits are
establisehd (proxy network not only to change IP, but also to hide IP).
For that application you of course need a port forwarding, if not STUNed by
another peer (see how RS has solved this, above).
And this network is quite easy to do:
just make every tor user an exit node.. then the list is very long...
and you pic up any ip to surf with only one hop or to build normal longer
But then the police can ask any listed IP, if the logs are running or not -
and they can even ask the ISP for that,
And so the conclusion is: you need to run one hop over encrypted retroshare
friend, then the ISP does not know, that there were tor traffic sent (or to
whom (of your 10 budies) it was sent), and you yourself are sure, that the
pseudo-exit node (reflector) does not offer your IP, if you are with your RS
node an exit point (because that/your rs node is as well a tor node, which
could forward!! or even act as a reflector...).
Ideally you do surfing over a kind of turtle hopping (circuits over a web of
trust), while each friend in the chain allows to exit.
So the conclusion is: only the web of trust underlaying architecture allows
to hide serverlists from public view.
And the most developed wot is RS.

@_date: 2008-02-03 22:19:54
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: New Tor distribution for testing: Tor Browser Bundle 
Steven, i suggest to make it hardcoded default and a Must, that each user,
using this browser, is as well running an tor **exit** node,
tit for tat. like emule partials: upload is a MUST.
That would help a lot to have more tor-exit nodes.
On Jan 30, 2008 1:52 AM, Steven J. Murdoch <

@_date: 2008-01-20 01:38:35
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: filesharing with tor and offsystem online storage 
Hi please have a look at the If you want to distribute a file anonymously, upload it into the Offsystem
and send the OFF-Link over Tor.
That allows Tor to do anonymous Filesharing without any Bandwidth for the
Offsystem is a kind of uncensorable Online Storage Hard Disk.

@_date: 2008-01-21 13:38:14
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: filesharing with tor and offsystem online storage 
Hi Robert, see the update with source and (first) makefile-description here:

@_date: 2010-11-01 22:13:58
@_author: Michael Schmidt 
@_subject: Arado p2p Websearch: Bookmark Organize and Synchronize released 
anyone with c++/Qt skills interested to build in Qt proxy for Tor for the
released new app
   Bookmark Database to Sync with your Devices.
It can contain as well .tor adresses for websites and services in tor.
Please test it and try to run it on your webserver 24/7
Use it for your Websites.. Rss support should follow..
Quoting the release Info:
ARADO is an open source Bookmark-Database for Websearch. You easily can save
and organize your
favourite URLs (Bookmarks). The database can be networked with your further
devices like laptop,
mobile phone, home or work PC, so that all added URLs are synchronized with
your connected devices.
The Arado websearch experience provides to search the web within all your
networked devices.
Download Win:
Download Linux/Mac:
Release v.0.1.0
