
@_date: 2014-11-12 16:30:58
@_author: Sebastian Hahn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Replacing a dirauth: Welcome longclaw 
Hi there,
after many years of service Mike Perry is retiring his dirauth, turtles.
It hasn't been functional for some time, so we decided to add a new
dirauth to replace it. The new dirauth will be hosted by Micah Anderson
(hi Micah). It'll bring some more geographical diversity to the Tor
network, as it is run out of Hong Kong. Its name will be longclaw.
Please join me in thanking Mike for his dedication to Tor and the Tor
network and his focus on the Tor Browser which necessitated this change.
Welcome Micah, and thanks for taking up the challenge. If you have any
questions or concerns, don't hesitate to hit reply.

@_date: 2014-09-05 01:21:41
@_author: Sebastian Hahn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Changes for dirauth gabelmoo 
Hey there,
it's been almost 3 years since I started maintaining gabelmoo, and I'd
like to give you an update. Soon, gabelmoo will get a new hosting
environment along with a much-needed hardware upgrade. Along with a much
better connection, I'll hope gabelmoo can serve the Tor network for
quite some time yet.
Unfortunately, this means an IP address change, which necessitates a new
Tor version. Once we are ready to release one anyway and the migration
has taken place, we'll get this going.
As always, I'll be happy to provide information about the dirauth
hosting as much as possible in case you have any questions.

@_date: 2014-09-19 15:12:36
@_author: Sebastian Hahn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Changes for dirauth gabelmoo 
Hello again,
And this is your heads up that the move has been completed. You should
not notice any kind of disturbance from this, and everything should
continue to work as normal. The new address, for those curious, is
Let me know about any issues.

@_date: 2015-02-09 05:20:32
@_author: Sebastian Hahn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Removal of Vidalia content from our website 
Hi tor-talk,
we have stopped updating our Vidalia bundles a long time ago, today I've
removed the download links and related documentation from the Website.
At this time, Vidalia has been unmaintained for too long to be a
recommended solution.

@_date: 2015-02-24 00:07:17
@_author: Sebastian Hahn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor --verify-config opens listeners? (for short 
This is a bug. Feel free to file it and assign it to me  (Sebastian
on trac.torproject.org), I'll take care of it in a few days.

@_date: 2016-03-18 14:16:55
@_author: Sebastian Hahn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Directory problems? 
Hi there,
wait what? That's extremely dangerous advice. Advor is not
maintained anymore, and if it doesn't connect anymore that's
a sign of how outdated it is. Please definitely don't run
any active relays with that software.

@_date: 2016-03-18 16:59:16
@_author: Sebastian Hahn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Invalid consensus today 
Hi there,
different threads on this list have already begun popping up about
today's 0700 UTC consensus. The reason is that the dirauths did
not produce a consensus that was signed by all 9, but rather the
vote was split (this happens sometimes and usually causes no great
concern). The dirauth dannenberg was on the winning side of split,
so the produced consensus had just 5 signatures, the minimum
required amount for a consensus to be valid. Unfortunately, its key
changed recently and that change has not yet been communicated via
a new Tor stable release. Thus, any Tor not configured to trust
dannenberg's new key would've rejected the consensus as signed by
just 4 directory authorities.
Now that all 9 are in agreement again this problem is gone and there
should be no more logs appearing from this incident.

@_date: 2017-01-04 07:24:12
@_author: Sebastian Hahn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Possibly Smart, Possibly Stupid, 
Hi Alec,
thanks for your thoughts. I have just one very quick comment, but
it seems you haven't addressed it yet:
I install Debian stable on my servers precisely because they don't
necessarily track the latest packages for everything. When I have
installed them and they work, I don't need to do super frequent
maintenance - I get security updates, but not much more. Tor updates for
relays frequently require you to read the changelog carefully to have a
sane upgrade path, other software does that too - having to do that
constantly when you're not actually need any of the new features is
super annoying imo.
There are some select pieces of software where this isn't the case -
the kernel on my gaming system, the tor package on my relays, some
others - where I selectively use backports or custom repositories. I
would imagine if the main purpose of my machines wasn't providing tor
relays, I'd prefer to just run whatever debian stable provides.
I guess I just disagree with this problem statement.

@_date: 2017-01-04 14:29:08
@_author: Sebastian Hahn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Possibly Smart, Possibly Stupid, 
Hi Alec,
I currently maintain 15 debian systems privately (mostly VMs). All but one
of them have tor installed. Only four of them use the tpo repository (those
provide either public or private network relays or dirauths). The others
use regular debian-provided packages.
This doesn't matter unless you run a high-performance relay. Also, I think
going from 0.2.7.x to 0.2.8.x increased my cpu usage on my busy relay.
I consider myself skilled enough, but I'd rather keep the amount of custom
repositories to the bare minimum. Especially my more trusted computers
don't get additional repos if I can help it at all.
Well, we're not currently deprecating it. It's still recommended by the
dirauths to run one of those versions.
I am not sure, but I think the main reason to ship recent Tors in TB is
because we have to ship new Firefox releases anyway, so the pain of adding in
some more software is minimal. That and the increased benefit of new
security features, better blocking resistance, etc.
I'm a sysadmin at my school for a student computer pool, we have around 13k
users and around 250 physical machines for students to use. The biggest
thing I'd wish for were a system-wide installable Tor Browser that we can
keep updated for our users. And we would do it, just like we keep everything
else updated (for that job, while we do run debian stable, we're constantly
chasing down last versions for a variety of software where the latest version
is necessary for teaching or because it was requested by some students).
In my world, these people don't really use apt-get, they will look to
install something they can download from a website while following some
instructions. TB seems to fit for that mental model. I just see a kind of
disconnect between the hapless user and the advanced usecases where TB is
not enough.
If the user does know apt-get, they could install the torbrowser-launcher
package on debian stable, which helps get them a shiny new TB. Admittedly,
I have no idea about availability on Ubuntu.
I find this to be totally the wrong thing. We all want all our users to
run our latest code, nownownow. It's a completely understandable line of
thought, after all we're developers and passionately implemented features,
created better architecture, debugged and fixed bugs for days. I think it's
still kind of arrogant/presumptuous. As long as there are no reasons to
kill an older version (like security issues, incompatability with a newer
protocol where the cost of keeping to support the older version is
significant, etc) I don't think we should break compatibility.
I don't think these would be accepted under Debian's policies, at least I
would find a package that did this without very clearly labelling what's
going on to be unacceptable. Note the point above about breaking changes
or new major security features that require work to get right.
Do you really want onion service creation to be something that isn't done
automatically for you like in Ricochet, but rather something a user has a
tool to do manually? The footgun possibilities are endless.
I think onions will either be the future or the downfall of Tor. We will see
which one of these it'll be :)
I can see where you're coming from. I agree that as a developer, I always want
everyone to use the latest version of all my stuff. As a user of a lot more
software than that which I develop myself, I really don't agree.
