
@_date: 2006-03-29 20:33:50
@_author: Sherman Buck 
@_subject: Tor Server install HELP 
Is there some one who can assist me in installing server software to be a
server for Tor. I need some help, the directions on the Tor sight aren't
that great for someone like me who is not adept with Linux. Please contact
me so I can ask some questions to get going.  I'm thinking of using Google
Talk or a Windows messenger so as to do the setup and be able to ask
questions as they arise. Or if anyone knows someone in Bellingham, WA who is
a Linux pro, who could walk me through the setup.
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Jay Goodman Tamboli
Sent: Wednesday, March 29, 2006 6:47 AM
Since installing 0.1.1.17-rc this morning (admittedly a small
sample), the network seems much slower. Is it safe to assume this is
because I have a smaller pool of entry nodes, and that the network
will get back up to speed as nodes upgrade?

@_date: 2006-05-13 08:09:22
@_author: Sherman Buck 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
I wanted to share this website in Germany working on a project similar to
TOR and Anonymizer which is called JAP, which should answer some questions
about concerns in Germany. The project is working on a grant and is
currently free to use while in beta and they actually have an interaction
with TOR. Hash: SHA1
Hi Olivier,
Wow, that's shocking to read. Honestly, though I'm not that surprised,
this had to happen sooner or later to exit nodes because some people
know how to arrest someone but have no clue about networks and their
possibilities. I feel sorry for the inconvenience that caused for you.
However, this might have a good part, too: at least now you know that
you can run an exit node without getting accused or so (it caused
inconvenience the most, but no accusation or so right?). If that
happened to me then at least I'd know next time they will know about Tor.
Here in Germany I wouldn't dare to run an exit node yet until it was
decided whether they can accuse you for this or not if something like
your case happens because some judges decide total bullshit sometimes
because of not having a clue.
And just like the wiki said: some sick criminal would use other means
to get what he wants if Tor wasn't there and it will always be like
that. It's not us or Tor which is the problem, it's just the pure
nature of evil/madness being the cause of these problems (and
politicians who want to spy on our privacy actually force use to build
these kinds of networks!). Yet nice to read you want to keep up the
good work. :)
Olivier Barbut schrieb:
