
@_date: 2015-10-03 06:44:34
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Making TBB undetectable! 
Since TBB uses the consensus this discussion is quite nonsensical, you can't hide the fact that you use tor from the site you visit, not with an addon or a bridge, while using tor.
Since the consensus data is available, I do grep "^r " /var/lib/tor/cached-consensus | cut -d \  -f 7
and have a handy list. For historic data one uses exonerator.
Since this list contains all kind of nodes (6651 atm), we make
sure not to miss anyone involved using tor or someone getting
promoted. :)
Want to know how may Exits are available? 1081 atm, to verify try
grep "^s Exit" /var/lib/tor/cached-consensus | wc -l
So, detecting Tor usage at an endpoint is a very trivial exercise.
By using a private exit, you are actually increasing chances to become
a victim of a correlation attack, since an adversary needs to observe
the private exit only, may inject patterns and try to observe
this patterns somewere. For enduring connections like bitcoin, it may be
enough to interrupt/shape/reset connections and look for whom bitcoin
isn't working anymore - there aren't much full nodes anymore.
It may work for a mining pool, but not for an individual miner. I am
not going into the subtle details of different, easy to detect
fingerprints within the protocol.
Lets not digress, back to TBB: if you allow cookies, caching or javascript this gets even worse. If you authenticate (like using a password or a public key), you are unique. If you use data of an oob protocol within tor (like a bitcoin) chances are  pretty high you become unique and traceable (reddit provides a neat list of mistakes made with tor and bitcoin).
Btw., TBB isn't designed to hide usage patterns. If you want that,
invite some friends over to surf or run a node, a relay, bridge or exit.
The benefits of tor are few but they are still awesome, you can hide the
fact that you use something from a local authority, like your ISP or an upstream adversary and you can hide your location/origin.
If you involve a bridge, you may hide the fact that you use tor from
a local authority, but you can't hide this fact from an endpoint.
Try hiding the fact, that you use tor from a hidden service. :)
Thats all, TBB is limiting that to https, if you use http you
become vulnerable against malicious exit nodes.
So, please forget about hiding the fact that you use tor, by using
tor, from an endpoint - it won't work.

@_date: 2015-10-03 07:12:32
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Accessing Cloudflare sites on TBB 
This will never be solved, since tors main property is to hide
the origin of requests, it provides more benefits to an possible adversary from the view/perspective of a site operator or cloudflare.
So regular users are forced to deliver human interaction proof,
or stop using tor. Another option is using alternative sites.
With ~1000 exits it is possible to issue malicious requests from
all exits within 15-30 minutes with no effort at all.

@_date: 2015-10-03 22:51:34
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Making TBB undetectable! 
Actually, you are much easier to differentiate for an adversary
since you use tor in combination with socks proxies, you stand out
and now no longer belong in the group of the merry tor users. You have done an advesary actually a favor. Plus you induce more latency into your
connections, which makes it easier to induce or deduce addional signal
from your connections and makes you even more distinguishable.
A exit-, site operator or a cdn can observe that latency and
clearly  differentiate that behavior from tor and regular users.
They'll tag you "slowpoke on an open proxy". If they hire me, I'd
explain to them, how they can ban or tarpit you, if you annoy
them too much so they provide better services to their honest
Tor protects you from all that by using different circuits, with
different latencies which results in different exits that needs
much more effort to observe and tag indivdual behavior.
You completly subvert that protection, since you always use a
proxy or maybe a series of proxies, or an exclusive exit, no matter
which destination, you have constant endpoints, if you prefer a
bridge and obfuscation, you may also attach attributes to your
connetction that may be observable (haven't worked with bridges
yet, I leave them for the people who need them). Maybe next
summer holiday.
Your overreliance and misplaced trust in open proxies sticks
properties to your tor connections you don't want. A clever adversary
will attack you from the open proxy due to previouls accumulated usage patterns. If you try to circumvent exit policies, a
smart proxy operator will downgrade or MITM you.
He may deny you updates for TBB when you need them, using his proxies
he may drop an exploitkit and ransomware on you.
To make it short, instead of ~999 possible exits you rely on one, or
few. If you addionally try to obfuscate TBB, congratulations, you are
pretty unique, and you won't notice in any fingerprint tools, since they
don't correlate and accmulate all that stuff that the open proxy can
learn from you.
On the list of historically stupid things to do with Tor, I rank you
second place, behind the dude who tried to give out his "pre-warmed keys"
and beating the folks that try to torrent with tor, to it.

@_date: 2015-10-05 20:35:32
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Redirects from exits 
While using the exits to i.e.  (and some academic sites)
we observe occasionally strange behavior, like HTTP requests redirected from port 80 to 8123.
I can't tell much more, only that the link_apconn_to_circ()
logmessges correlate to the request log from the proxy
that limits connections to port 80 and 443.
Maybe someone can enlighten me :)

@_date: 2015-10-05 21:50:57
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Making TBB undetectable! 
That makes only sense if you sync your clients requests
to TrackHostExitsExpire, the effect on CDNs that stick
lots of cookies to you, is that what happens to the folks
in the cloudflare thread, any automatic observer will
diagnose these clients requests for a defunct scraper
and force human interaction proof.
Basically, the countermeasure against such behavior is
to stick a cookie with an hash of your fingerprint
to your browser and deny you, as soon as it no longer
If you try to spoof any plugin, you forget that, the
presence of a plugin is easy to check, lets assume
we spoof the very popular flashplugin (ewww):
The countermeasure is the same as above, a site
gives you some .swf with a obfuscated redirector inside.
Since you only accept the .swf and discard it your
adversary knows that you fake this bits and denies
you again.
As soon as you turn on javascript, nearly every bit
of your browser is easy to verify, and requesting
with user-agent A in the http-header and stating
that appName is B does look a little bit suspicious.
If you'd read the TBB design doc, you'd understand that the
choice that was made, using a pretty real and pretty common
user-agent, and some measures were added.
The case, that OP describes, is that he is using tor to connect
to another semi-public entity (like an open proxy) and likes
to hide the fact, that he is using Tor/TBB.
The only case, were that makes sense to me is for trolling sites,
that aren't available via Tor anymore, were the preference for
anonymity is less than trolling those sites, or that is the
impression I get.
You still can use tor, the standalone OR, and any browser you
like, if you are so unhappy with TBB. The demanded feature makes
absolutly no sense for a TBB usecase or threatmodel.
You will notice, that if you start to do this, you are uniquely
fingerprintable just try to trick the
 in stating that you are using
TBB while using another browser, lets say Chrome, with
enabled scripts.
You fail to understand that TBB is a convenient solution,
that is build so humans can circumvent censorship and
achieve a pretty high degree in anonymity while using Tor.
If you really must use non-tor exits, for whatever reason,
access them as a hidden-service, that makes much more sense. If you can, for example, use only bridges and like to use
a vpn to achieve a high degree of privacy to a given endpoint.
But since OP uses open proxies, I really doubt he wants/needs some
of the features that Tor actually provides. ;)

@_date: 2015-10-06 22:01:46
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Making TBB undetectable! 
Discrimination happens between you and your endpoint, not between you and Tor. It may be that a exit discriminates,
if you request a destination port that isn't available
on some exits. Tor tries to find a exit that allows it.
The exit policies are basically there to protect you from doing
stupid things, or to give relay operators the oppurtunity of
running relays in environments that impose restrictions on them.
I operate some little meshy public wifi for homeless people and I have the same restrictions in place, less cleartext protocols and you can't use smtp on port 25. Since I offer only locationbased access to
"proven" homeless people, I have less complications.
The Tor-Network, basically exonerates itself, without compromising the users anonymity.
Well, than lets call it masquerading. You just add bits to the
fingerprint occansionally: Bad idea. Can be done without TBB already.
Well, you understand the rationale behind the decison the TBB
developers made and I don't need to elaborate.
Yeah, and that is awesome, because I can clearly distinguish between
Tor Users and defunct scrapers, and Tor-Users that are using
proxy chains or proxy cascades, to circumvent policies that the
exit-operators/Tor impose on them. Also awesome for me, and for you
too, in case you acciddenlty use cleartext protocols.
Tor isn't responsible for that, it's a problem between your endpoint
and you, not between you and Tor. I can't say much about specific
services, but ixquick and startpage work flawlessly for me, maybe OP
should stop using open proxies and re-evaluate his situation with TBB
only? May use the "News Identity Button" more often?
For services, that really limit you, you basically limit yourself
to that service, so you are barking up the wrong tree imho.
Tor doesn't entitle you to use a specific service, it provides
an anonymized connection - thats another basic misconception from you
So nothing to really discuss here.
It would be a disccsusion, if it would present something. You,  both, basically annoy/complain or insist without presenting
anything at all. There are no technical specifics neither any argument, theory, proposal or proof that your basic idea to implement a array of changes into TBB gives anynody any advantage, it could be discussed like this (that is what I added earlier):
"By syncing the User-Agent to TrackHostExitsExpire we can further
thwart detection rates for TBB's http requests. Find a attached a
patch for the plugin, that communicates state-information from
the user's cookies, stored in litesql, via the control-port to Tor's
circuit establishing and reuse logic.
Also, included is a patch for TBB that implements behavior and responses
for current mainstream browsers on major operating systems allowing TBB to
exhibit the same behavior when used with TLS and three new javascript
engines, to normalize the internal behavior and thwart timing attacks
against the current."
And I'd argue: Nice proposal, you can still detect Tor by matching the
originating IP against the table of known exit nodes, so there is not
really a benefit to that, it is just adding more crap to the browser.
And you/your co-proponent say: Yeah, we also have and use proxy chains.
As elaborated before that makes you more trackable, and  bascially I think the exit-ports policies are there, because the exit operators put them there, so why circumvent them? The only result, as many have pointed out, is
less anonymity.
You both are stating: Well we can't look at cat pictures anymore.
That is what I recall. Bascially, no rationale why using proxies.
You can use them without tor, if you don't need the censorship
circumvention property. The result in privacy in relation to the
endpoint is the same.
Anonymity online and censorship circumvention, the threatmodel is the same
for Tor. FYI, TBB is only a browser that is more hardwired to Tor and a plugin.
If you haven't read the many specs: The yoda voice in my head says: On failing much he focuses a lot.
I feel like Obi Wan when discussing young Skywalker, and we both know
were that ended.
Aynway, a lame excuse, try being part of the solution instead of the
problem. Bascially you both blame either Tor for something that is a
agreement between you and your endpoint. Or, anonymous folks abuse Tor with the consequnece you can't access a service via Tor. Which isn't
solvable with pleasantries or easyness.
If you continue that thought, you start argumenting for backdoors in
Tor pretty soon. BTDT.
The misconception or flaw is, that you believe there is something like
stealth internet, or more stealth internet. You also fail to comprehend that the detected anonymity is what Tor users want to achieve. Even with malicous exits, rogue bridges and compromised middles, it is still pretty hard to corellate traffic from Tor to indivual users.
Most users want exact that property, and are often fine with the
restrictions. On the other hand, there is no need to use Tor 24/7.
I recommend understanding Kerckhoff's Law and Zooko's Trianle, that methods of being secretive have to work, even if they are fully understood (by an adversary) and that are situation
wereyou can't have all the properties you want, you choose
the most meaningful.
What Tor and TBB achieve, I know every node in the network,
still all users are anonymous to me. Hidden service names are best
described clunky, but there is lots of potential for distributed,
decentralized approaches with them.
Your idea, may work for a short timeframe, thats the best
case, until an adversary figures out how it works, he will then deny you again and again, you adding bits to anonymity again and again.
A futile and ill conceived idea, or another perspective on that, all the
easy problems have already been solved. TBB is more or less the icing.
What you both want or trying to achieve and propose is possible by using Tor with a browser of your choice, lets assume Firefox and Addons that
make little changes, should be perfectly fine for your idea of less anonymity.
You should re-read your Knuth, the part about optimizing and the
prematureness of it, along with the original proposals against fingerprinting and adding bits to it (what is bascially what you try to do).
Also  has a lot of ideas for
you, basically
I'd recommend to write a patch instead of a proposal, if you really find a solution, but since  can't be cloned at the moment I am not doing this.
On another note, you are imposing youself onto a service, that may have
choosen not to work with Tor, maybe you should iterate about that too and
which implications your actions would have to other participants or the
network? I really feel, you both are falling short on that angle.

@_date: 2015-10-06 22:17:22
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Making TBB undetectable! 
I think Mozilla is much too diverse, one example is API-Keys for major
search engines, that tie you to distributors (like in Linux
Distribution) and so on, TBB has some properties that don't stand out, it comes with a set of addons like noscript, that have a very specific
approach, that isn't available in mainstream or developer, nightly
editons of Mozilla.
And then there are forks like IceWeasel and other spinoffs. Due to the license,
only Mozilla can brand their Browser Mozilla, so operating system does
matter much more if it comes to Mozilla.
TBB wraps around most of the exposed properties. You can diff the repositories against eachother, that should give you an idea, how different they are.

@_date: 2015-10-08 15:01:06
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Academic research journals 
carries most academic research and
 is were you find technical specifics.

@_date: 2015-10-08 21:10:15
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] pidgin and tor 
One of the major problems is the design of Pidign, which tries
to build a convenient IM client before it takes security into
consideration - or that is my observation since its inception:
ldd /usr/bin/pidgin | wc -l result 78
ldd /usr/bin/irssi | wc -l result 16
Many supported protocols lack this consideration too, all
Pidgin does is to inherit a lot of broken stuff, and I mean A LOT.
Still, it is possible to a achieve a high degree of privacy.
The amount of "security" will vary and depend on many factors.
A vm is none of them:
Confining it, doesn't make it more secure, and it mitigates nothing in pidgin or libpurple. A broken IM client is still broken, even when confined (I am tempted to say buried) in a VM.
If OP has to rely on an IM, like pidgin or a protocol, there is no more or added "security" by putting it into a vm or container.
All he gains is isolation in a best case scenario. A vm doesn't
add privacy, anonymity, security or authenticity, it is the contrary;
it adds complexity, which we should avoid.
Honestly, let's recommend a more secure implemenation of the protocol OP wishes to use and educate OP how to use it in
a manner, that neither privacy and anonymity of the involved parties
are compromised and the authenticity of the exchanged messages is given.
Using Tor with Pidgin, we are at a disadvantage:
All supported protocols, require a 3rd party to operate, most
of them are proprietary iirc. If you want to use one of them with Tor, you are clearly at a disadvantage since you have to rely on another party
to manage your communications. A accetable workaround could be to establish communication (since we already use Tor) using a hidden service.
I know of one approach, to write a plugin that uses hiddenservices.
You can add an arbitrary amount of protocols (and vms, UX and whatnot) to pidgin and chances are pretty high, you become more and more vulnerable.
Best case is a lot of overhead and nothing else.
Anyway, aren't the new school's approaches or paradigms like XML or SOAP some of the major sources of problems in Pidgin, along with smiley-themes and
buddy-icons? That is the impression I get.
If security is a result of good design, good design is when there
is nothing left to remove and the design is still secure.
Contrary to the popular misconception, that security is some kind of
fairydust, product or duct-tape that we can apply to protocols or software

@_date: 2015-10-09 02:49:37
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Torrents real-time and dynamic blocklist 
Historically, there is nothing new. There have been so many
attempts to interfere or obstruct filesharing. It seems a little more
If one still uses a non-free BitTorrent client consider a change. If
you haven't updated your client, consider an update or change. There
is no need to run an antique client, because it was adfree that time.
Use a libre implemetation of the BitTorrent protocol that supports
DHT, PEX and LPD too. Enforce encryption on all bittorrent traffic,
if it doesn't strain your cpu too much.
If you use or used, binary only, dedicated torrent clients, that are hardwired to popular sites, these recommendations are of no use to you.
We can't help you. Please consider your OS compromised and yourself
part of the problem (that is basically the result of our observation).
For curious folks:
Observe and analyze, by announcing arbitrary hashes to the DHT and request said hashes with a client we can observe who claims to have either clients (DHT/PEX/LPD) or data for your hashes - we have observed approx. 1500 nodes showing such behavior (with literally no resources and
restriction by location protocol and available bandwidth).
Impact, for Tor folks:
Given a Tor context, don't use BitTorrent and Tor, it is trivial to
deanonymize BitTorrent, so there is no benefit to that.
For people who run a BitTorrent-Tracker or a private community:
To Operators of HTTP-Trackers and Private-Tracker-Communites we recommended
blocking Tor-Exits on your HTTP-Trackers a long time ago. It is beneficial
to you and your often authenticated members. Keep your torrents and it's
seeders and leechers private (no DHT/PEX/LPD) and all is well.
Bonus points if one doesn't use static tracker addresses.
If you still use stuff like Gazelle, that works suprisingly well as a
countermeasure, allowing only authenticated announces and scrapes
to your tracker works well too. The real pros have also endorsement
schemes in place, which are awesome.
For folks using hidden services or proxies w/BitTorrent:
If you use magent-links from hidden services, or proxies keep in mind that an adversary may offer you crafted hashes and is able to correlate that hash very easy to your non-Tor/non-proxy endpoint. He may lure you into a
fake swarm and starve you. You are basically better off sticking to
well known sources that let users rate torrents or have some basic reputation scheme in place. Same for downloading torrent-files, if an adversary
controls either hash or tracker it is trivial to deanonymize or deny you.
For folks who use BitTorrent (with or without vpn):
If your client gets starved, increase the number of client
connections per torrent. A side effect of what Ayms describes, is
that public torrents in the long tail (fewer seeders, less popular) sometimes starve much easier if one moves or merges into a swarm of fakes.
Popular Torrents with many seeders seem to have some or pretty good resilience (that is what we can observe, ymmv). If your client is being starved, stop it, delete/empty the DHT cache, works well in cases with
less/fewer trackers and without DHT/PEX/LPD.
If you are constantly being starved, try using magnet-links with
a trustworthy tracker (no DHT, no PEX, no LPD) or use magnet-links with
DHT (w/o PEX and w/o LPD) - if you seed many torrents disable PEX and
and LPD choose a trustworthy tracker along with DHT.
If you are still being constantly starved, don't rush, allow many
clients for less torrents (downloading one torrent after another
works in some cases better than trying to download many torrents at once).
It takes a little longer to gather clients, so no harm done this way.
Starving is limited to receiving lots of fake peers, that claim to have 80-100% data, but don't contribute, accept or download anything at all.
For a client-implmentation, this is easy to remedy: Simply remove nonaccepting, noncontributing, nondownloadng peers and refill free slots until we achieve at least 40%-70% of the clients allocated bandwidth.
Another approach is to prefer responses that contain small amounts of peers
or simply discard responses with a configurable threshold of nodes.
In our observations, fakes basically vomit nodes and trustworthy peers often present much smaller amounts of good resources.
Taking this into consideration, changes are quite minimal and noninvasive.

@_date: 2015-10-09 03:11:28
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Making TBB undetectable! 
Sorry, I simply stop here, since we are not talking discussing TBB
or Tor anymore.
TBB is exactly that, to give the a privacy aware layman a comprehensible tool. With that tool comes a set of limitations. Like don't use protocol
XYZ with Tor. The authors, developers and relay operators simply can't
guarantee that i.e. games (which require in most cases elevated priviledges,
depending on operating system) work with Tor or TBB.
Same with instant messaging and video conferences, bittorrent and so on.
What annoys me the most, that you are not even disitnguishing between a
proxy and an exit, so you are either not aware of the subtle
differences or naive.

@_date: 2015-10-13 00:42:00
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] pidgin and tor 
Thats not what the discussion is about any longer, the
discussion is about security and convenience.
Thats what you fail to grasp, imho.
We both digress, OP asked about Pidgin being secure, which my
answer was, it depends. Your answer could be understood as,
it is more secure with an vm, that is were we disagree.
I am not sure, what "rogue remote execution" is, please elaborate.
Sounds like an assassin sniper to me. ;)
Again, you write "usability" you fail at understanding, that
OP is looking for a convenient and secure solution (he asked
about Pidgin being secure).
Sorry, but your vm-fanboyism isn't helpful at all.
Again, you tend to overengineer. And if OP is helped
by understanding that he relies on very much infrastructure to
transport a message from Alice to Bob and understands he *can*
achieve "more secure" by either switching implementation or protocol.
I consider this information more helpful than yours, which is
basically "let us put it an vm", which doesn't cover any problems
on the transport layer, it addresses only local problems, that
can be dealt without a VM properly.
What would the engineer say, after you had explained your problem, and
enumerated all of the dissatisfactions in your life? He would probably
tell you that life is a very hard and complicated thing; that no
interface can change that; that anyone who believes otherwise is a
sucker; and that if you don't like having choices made for you, you
should start making your own.
See Sorry for the delay, and not adressing all your VM-fanboyisms,
your approach makes it (for OP) more and more complex
to run Pidgin, while you achieve maybe a little more local isolation.
What I tried, is to take all the complexity and reduce it,
OP can make a informed decision, based on such information.
Given that, OP doesn't need a brand new OS, he may be better off
using a better implemenation (maybe profanity) or better protocol,
maybe silc or both like with tox.
Sorry, I mean no offense, but with diversion and constructed examples
that are offtopic, you are a danger to others, yourself or your environment.
Given the example with PDF (don't use it, there are better formats
available since ages), all your VMs would be circumvented by OP, as
he would import the malicous binary into one of his other
VMs and compromise either his anonymity, or his complete installation
How do you address that problem? I encounter some of these on
a monthly basis, were overreliance on a VM lead to local priviledge
escalation which resulted in VM-escape or leakage of confidential information.

@_date: 2015-10-13 01:59:24
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Torrents real-time and dynamic blocklist 
You are pretty right, your information isn't useful for anyone at all,
why would a operator of a exitnode allow a third party to control
his exit policy? Even partly, bad idea.
If and exit gets staturated by such traffic, it can reject
the default ports, like 6881 and the like, and Port-Ranges > 50.000,
that will provide much better results.
He could reject much more, without limiting usability of Tor.
If the few torrent-tracker operators would understand, that not
being able to scrape their trackers from a exit node is beneficary
for them too, we actually could achieve something here.
Anyway, given the distributed approach, protocols like BitTorrent, your
blacklist can only provide a false sense of security (the best case).
The problems, like being flooded by an adversary, I have addressed in the previous posting. ;)
My coworkers and I call such services, either a racket or snakeoil.
The problem, of being held accountable for torrenting are much better
addressed by using a VPN. Since the law is different for most of
the pariticipants of this list, in some countries you can still download
without any problems, problematic is uploading (distributing) stuff
other than your own, or wich is covered by libre licenses.
If you, wrongly, got held accountable, ask the lawyer form rightscorp,
if their network services are secured against routing attacks, and how they
tend to proof that the origin is really you out of your network, that
hasn't such measures (like sourceroute verification).
If you still want to throw money, throw it either at your local tor-
organisation, the tor-project or the folks producing a libre torrentclient.
Sorry, for giving you the impression, that I may address you Ayms, I am
adressing all the other people, that may consider your approach of a
centralized entity (blacklist) for clients using protocols or networks
like BitTorrent or Tor, that are somehow distributed.
I don't see peersm adressing any r/l issues, that are adressed by other
approaches at all.
P.S: This list needs a policy for advertisng paid services, like
$1 per distributed message paybale to the torproject ;)

@_date: 2015-10-13 02:25:19
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Question 
Mozilla browser (and plugins) more or less hardwired to Tor.
Distribution (app-armored) failing to boot, when no NIC is
present or detected (last time I checked).
I assume, they use Tor as in the onion router.
Well, if insanity is defined by doing the same stuff and expecting
different results, you should check yourself.
Sorry, if you feel like I bash you, but you are being stupid or
trying to troll OP. The way Tor operates, isn't changed by browser, OS (w/w/o VMs) or a proxy. Is there point in trying this?

@_date: 2015-10-13 03:20:57
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Mulihomed flag for nodes (from Re: why are some exit IPs 
Tor users aren't entitled to special treatment,
and another false conclusion one could draw from
that is one is being MITMed. If you get the
impression a service like Tor isn't honest to
you, you may consider it open the usual FUD
from parties who don't like Tor.
Honestly, you don't want that.
Since Tor is available to everyone, it shoud be
easy to not to unwillingly participate too. The
rationale behind this, is for example a Site offers
services that stores user data and ip-addresses,
that information could be made or become available to 3rd parties.
It could be a site-ops choice, not to allow users
to use his services, since it may compromise them.
Ever thought of that?
Have you ever considered, that people who
operate hidden services for websites, like to redirect
people to said hidden services instead of relying
on exits? How can we do that without relying on tors
internal information or query other services?
Exonerator is available to everyone, and some assumptions
Karsten has, like storing IPs forever aren't even in the
best interests of all operators. And I feel the tor-project
should be much more open and aware of possible impacts and
sideeffects from all the information it stores longterm.
Sorry, if that sounds scary, but some relay operators
I met the this year hat quite a negative relay experience.
The consensus enables us to build circuits, and the Exit
_*FLAG*_ that this node could be an endpoint for a circuit.
Basically, were a packet leaves isn't relevant to operate,
since it uses circuits and nodes participating doesn't need
to know. ;)
I am currently wrapping my head around this, trying
to figure out if it makes correlation attacks easier
or MITMing and inserting convert channels between
arbitrary nodes harder.
Any other conclusion we draw from that, shows a lack of
understanding in either the consensus or Tor.
While we are at it, I consider having the exit ip for
multihomed nodes in the consensus beneficary. If
you like to start including additional information into
the consensus consider the AS too.
The data is available form the RIRs, I am using it with
a Tor monitor, that isn't libre and I am not sure how the
RIRs would like to have their services put under load.
Anyway, I am moving this to tor-talk with the intention to discuss, at least, a multihomed flag.
Could be provided like the Family-Information.

@_date: 2015-09-29 20:57:55
@_author: sh-expires-12-2015@quantentunnel.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] pidgin and tor 
It depends on which protocols you use, since pidgin
is a mulitprotocol instant messaging client and behaves
quite different depending on protocols used/involved.
With Tor, TLS[1], XMPP[2] and OTR[3] it gets pretty private.
A common problem is not all XMPP, IRC, SILC or IM-provider
accept connections from or to Tor-exit nodes nowadays.
And even if Alice uses TLS, it may be not enough, so we need OTR
too, to establish a private end to end communication over XMPP between Alice and Bob (you are Alice, I am Bob):
Maybe this helps a little, protocolwise it may look like this:
   [Alice]<-OTR-XMPP-TLS->Tor<->Tor-exit<->Alice's XMPP provider \
   <->Bob's XMPP provider<-[Maybe Bob is using TLS]-XMPP-OTR->[Bob]
Usually, XMPP and most instant messaging involves some form of identity
or account that is authorized. I can't say much about other protocols that
pidgin offers, ymmv. One always wants TLS for a more or less secured
connection between client and an involved server and OTR for the resulting end-to-end communication over the instant messaging protocol for the
involved parties.
No matter if you use XMPP or another instant messaging or chat protocol,
OTR solves that problem pretty well, independet of the instant messaging
If you are looking for an alternative to pidgin, try profanity.im
for XMPP, if you are looking for a more decentralized approach to
instant messages take a look at tox.im (DHT-like approach).
Historically, you should doubt any promises of security, that you can't
Another alternative could be talk[4] over an SSH-tunnel using Tor's
For more information about the involved protocols refer to:
1) 2) 3) 4)
