
@_date: 2005-08-21 08:41:56
@_author: slrner@blackhole.riot.eu.org 
@_subject: Server Hacked 
Yes, the group alt.computer.security, for instance, might be a better
choice for continuing this discussion.
What you should have done is set up a proper IDS (Intrusion Detection
Service) on your system prior to the compromise.  Examples of IDS
systems are integrit, aide, and samhain, all of which are in the
Debian packages.  I see that bsign and harden-nids are also in
packages, and might be relevant, and there might be other packages
that other posters might suggest.  I use integrit, and chose it
because it looked like it would be easy to use.
If you had used an IDS, you would at least be able to determine what
software is compromised,  This would be helpful to you in working on
the much more difficult questions of 1) and 2) above.  Without that
information, it is hard for you to even get started.
After re-installing, I'd suggest that you start using an IDS system.

@_date: 2005-02-23 04:41:10
@_author: slrner@blackhole.riot.eu.org 
@_subject: privoxy problem on OpenBSD 
I replied earlier to the 3 responses that I got on this list, but that
message seems to have gotten lost in the aether.  No matter, for I
have new information on this issue.  The status on my system appears
now to be:
On OpenBSD 3.6, using lynx from the base install, Firefox, and privoxy
from either ports or packages, and TOR 0.9.2 compiled from tgz:
1. Firefox -> privoxy hangs after a few urls
2. Firefox -> TOR works fine.
3. Firefox -> privoxy -> TOR hangs after a few urls.
4. lynx -> TOR does not work - this is a feature; it needs privoxy.
5. lynx -> privoxy works fine.
6. lynx -> privoxy -> TOR works fine.
In his post Chris Palmer confirmed 1. and 3. above.
To answer Roger's questions:
No, it has the same problem.
Notes on usage:
It is possible to call lynx with a -cfg CONFIG_FILE flag to determine
at run time whether privoxy is used (by using different config files).
It is not possible to change whether privoxy calls TOR, though,
without killing privoxy, altering /etc/privoxy/config to add the line
with: forward-socks4a / localhost:9050 .  and restarting privoxy.
It is possible to have multiple profiles for Firefox, so I have
one with no proxy for fast downloads of large files (for instance), and
an almost-anonymous one (with DNS leaks) with TOR.
So I have a work-around.  I can get text-only browseing with lynx
with full anonymity, and graphical browsing with DNS leaks.
I can't tell where the problem is.  The most likely possibility
appears (to me) to be Firefox, which is 0.8.  The current release is
1.0.  Upgrading might not be straightforward.  It is also possible,
however, that it is a privoxy problem that Firefox (and evidently
Konqueror) triggers, or a TOR problem, that Firefox and privoxy
trigger.  Finally, it may be an OpenBSD 3.6 problem.
I'll probably wait for OpenBSD 3.7 and see if the problem goes away,
or I'll try to use socat.
Thanks again to Roger Dingledine, Chris Palmer and Stephan Schmieder
for their helpful responses.
I now have questions about socat, but since privoxy is no longer
involved, I'll start a new thread for that.

@_date: 2005-01-27 05:21:09
@_author: slrner@blackhole.riot.eu.org 
@_subject: privoxy problem on OpenBSD 
I'm following up on my own post with another question, arising from
my subsequent attempts to work around the privoxy problem.
First, a comment to help the second person using OpenBSD with TOR
(apparently, I am the first).  I pkg_delete'd privoxy (which had come
from packages, and not ports), and re-installed from ports.  This was
a long shot, but I wanted to be thorough.  It made no difference. Next, the site:
suggests that:
So I used tor-resolve on a website to get the IP address. This took
quite a while, so it probably was using TOR.  Then I cut-and-pasted
the IP address into Firefox and hit return.  The TOR error log came
back with the usual message that my DNS was being leaked. My questions are:
1. Is the DNS still leaked if a numerical IP addess is given to the browser?
2. If not, and the error message is spurious, then is there any way to get
tor-resolve and tor to talk directly, without a cut-and-paste between windows?

@_date: 2005-01-22 05:21:00
@_author: slrner@blackhole.riot.eu.org 
@_subject: privoxy problem on OpenBSD 
Although I can use TOR directly, I am having difficulty incorporating
privoxy.  I am using OpenBSD 3.6, Firefox 0.8, TOR 0.0.9.2, and
privoxy 3.0.2.1.  TOR is compiled locally, and privoxy and Firefox are
the pre-compiled binary packages shipped with the OpenBSD
If I enable privoxy as well as TOR, the first one or 2 selected links
will download, and thereafter it will hang forever.  The fact that it works for a few links suggests to me that the configuration is
Does anyone else running on OpenBSD have this problem?
Can anyone suggest any approaches to working on this problem?

@_date: 2005-06-10 07:40:43
@_author: slrner@blackhole.riot.eu.org 
@_subject: tor+privoxy on openbsd: problems 
When using Firefox, Privoxy and Tor on OpenBSD, I also experienced the
lock up.
Perhaps it is something to do with Firefox.  I am using OBSD 3.7,
with Privoxy, Tor, Lynx and Firefox from either ports or packages
(Privoxy 3.0.3, Tor v0.0.9.5, lynx 2.8.5rel.2, Firefox 1.0.1) Using
Tor and Privoxy with Lynx works just fine.  The problems occur when I
use Firefox as the browser.
I posted about this last February.  I was hoping that OBSD 3.7 might have
this fixed, but there is no improvement.
Have you tried using Lynx?  Which browser were you using?
