
@_date: 2012-11-30 15:01:53
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
help if you can.
somewhere that we can all see it -- that substantiates the claim that
child porn The cops don't have to present evidence until there is a court case.
Since this guy was not arrested, they have apparently not decided to
charge him yet.  The apparently had some evidence to get the seizure
order.  They have to convince a judge, not the public.
should we believe that it exists?  Extraordinary claims require
extraordinary Again, no evidence needed until a prosecution happens. Just enough for
the cops to convince a judge to allow the evidence seizure.
perpetrators of child porn (and that's a good goal) then why would the
police raid >this operation?  Would it not make far more sense to take
advantage of the operator's knowledge and experience and quietly ask for
his/her cooperation >*while leaving the node running*?
Maybe the cops think he is a perpetrator.  It is not unthinkable that he
set up a network to hide his own activities.  Note that they seized his
HOME storage devices, not the Tor server.
discern that this is what it purports to be and not simply an attempt to
shut >down a Tor node (and intimidate the operators of others) by using
a plausible excuse based on a universal hot-button issue?
Since the individual indicates that the Tor node was already down and
the police did not seize it, what makes you think that it was the target
at all.  The individual only indicated that the police asked about the
IP address used by the Tor server during his questioning so it is
possible they did not know it was a Tor node and maybe thought it was at
his apartment.  I have yet to see anything indicating that he is not
allowed to bring his Tor node back online.  I am not assuming this is
only about the Tor node just because the cops asked him about it.  I am
a little concerned that this guy keeps a safe deposit box with a burner
phone and cash around.  Is he a CIA agent? :)
Why would I donate to his legal defense when he has not been charged
yet?  A little premature, no?
Steven Naslund

@_date: 2012-11-30 15:30:37
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
WAIT A SECOND HERE!?!?
I just read below that this guy runs a large ISP in Austria.  I thought
his Tor node was hosted with an external provider.  If he runs the ISP,
why would he not host his own server in house?  I suppose there are
reasons but I can't think of one, especially if you feel so strongly
about this being your right.  He talks about moving it to another ISP in the article interviewing him.
How about moving it to the large ISP you run? If he runs a large ISP he must not be very good at it if he needs our
donations to help him defend himself from a crime he has not been
charged with yet.  Most of the guys I know that run large ISPs have
legal guys available to them.  They could also come up with 10000EUR if
necessary.  What is he going to do with this money if no charges are filed and they
give his gear back?  If he believes that he is innocent of any crime
then he should be confident they won't find anything to charge him with,
Six years in jail for what?  They didn't arrest you yet.  How do you
know what the charges are?  The cops must not be too worried about the
Tor node if they did not seize it.  They seem a lot more interested in
his personal storage devices.  He seems to have a lot of data at home,
not illegal (possibly) but I am wondering what it all might be.  The
cops have a lot of looking around ahead of them.  Seems awful worried
for a guy who claims to be innocent.  I am wondering why he seems so
sure he will be charged that he is building a legal defense fund before
being arrested.
So you know how much it costs to defend a case with unknown charges and
without knowing if you will be arrested yet?!?!?!
This whole thing sounds flakier with every new detail.
Steven Naslund
Reply-To: tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
William will be posting a statement soon which will explain everything
that's happened and give a detailed account of events, along with
evidence including pictures showing the aftermath of the raid in his
apartment, as well as copies of the warrant and inventory of seized
He runs a large ISP in Austria and is a well respected member of the
community, a lot of us have already sent in donations.
His blog is  and I'm guessing the statement will be
posted on there, I'll send everyone a link once it's finished being
help if
upside down.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820  8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE

@_date: 2012-11-30 15:55:39
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
As a network professional do I not have a duty to protect my companies
network from unauthorized access within my ability to do so?  I think I
do.  If you lost all of your credit card and identity data because I
left an open wifi hotspot on my network would you have a liability case?
I sure think so.
If I go into your building and plug in an open wifi hotspot that allows
a hacker to gain access to your stuff, is that illegal?  I think it is.
In this case we are not talking about a civil claim of negligence at
all.  It is not even a civil case.  Let's look at it more as the
credibility of deniability.  Grandma can claim in court that she had no
idea that the neighborhood was using her wifi and be believable.  I
can't make that claim because it is easy to prove that I know better.
Whether the act itself is legal is another matter, but the ability to
deny knowledge of the act is the question.  So, the way this translates
is "Sir, did you know that a large percentage of Tor use is for illegal
activities?"  How does this guy answer no when he supposedly runs a
large ISP?
As far as the anonymous remailer, at that time sending anonymous email
or spam was not yet illegal.  Many ISPs began cracking down on open mail
relays well before the CAN SPAM stuff came about because it was good
business and most of the industry agreed that open mail relay was bad.  What I find really interesting is that the ISP (in general, there are a
few rogues) will immediately shut down access to an open mail relay
being hosted by their customer because it enables SPAM, but would allow
a Tor relay that allows lots of illegal activity.
I can tell you exactly why this happens.  Most network professionals
hate spam, its inconvenience, its clogging of the systems we maintain,
and we declared war on the spammers.  Tor however enables a whole lot of
"gray area" activities like media piracy, warez, and lots of other stuff
that some of us are less concerned about (and some of us actually use).
If the ISPs and engineers get concerned about any of this stuff, we are
capable of killing it off easier than the law enforcement channels.  We
never eliminated SPAM but it was made a lot tougher.  Unfortunately, the
history of the public Internet shows that one of the technology drivers
of higher and better connections are for things like media sharing and
distribution which includes some not so savory or legal sharing and
distribution and some not so nice media.
Steven Naslund
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:froomkin at law.miami.edu] Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2012 6:30 PM
In order for there to be a civil claim of negligence there must be,
inter alia, a breach of duty.
What duty has been breached in your scenario?  None.
Actually some of us have been teaching and writing about this stuff
since the mid 1990s.  These issues are far from new; we went through
them in the early anonymous remailer days.
A. Michael Froomkin,  Blog: Laurie Silvers & Mitchell Rubenstein Distinguished Professor of Law
Editor, Jotwell: The Journal of Things We Like (Lots),  jotwell.com U.
Miami School of Law, P.O. Box 248087, Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA
+1 (305) 284-4285  |    +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)  |  froomkin at law.tm
                        -->It's warm here.<--

@_date: 2012-11-30 16:02:08
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
OK, there must be a lot more paranoid people out there than I thought
there were.  I personally don't have a "runaway kit" stashed away.  I
will get right on that. So when that "mouth breather cop" won't believe
you are innocent, your answer is to grab your stuff and go on the lamb
for awhile?  I am sure he will let you out to go to the bank, get your
stuff, and leave town.  I think you have seen way to many movies.
So if the cops show up at his door tomorrow and say "Here's all your
stuff back, there was no evidence of a crime.", you are OK with this
guys keeping the "defense fund"?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2012 3:53 PM
Anyone who DOESN'T have such things stashed away somewhere is, IMHO,
incredibly naive and taking on quite a large amount of risk.
The likelihood (and hope) is that you'll never need it.  But on the off
chance that you get f***ed by the legal system because of some power
hungry, mouth-breather cop who can't/won't understand that you've done
nothing wrong -- or worse, that you're easily provably within the law,
but he "believes" that you're not and drags you through the process
anyways -- you'll be very happy that you stashed away that old unlocked
cell phone, old laptop, change of clothes and cash.
I'm a (legal) firearms owner... up here in Canada, where some previous
governments enacted extreme anti-gun legislation, that pretty much means
that if I so much as sneeze in a way that a cop doesn't like, I can have
my life ruined pretty damned fast (not quite, but really close).  I
wouldn't bet against me having an excrement-hitting-the-oscillator stash
like this guy does.  ;)
(Note:  I don't mean to imply that all cops are power hungry mouth-breathers intent on destroying the lives of citizens.   Most cops are fundamentally good people and do a great job.  But like every other
profession, there ARE bad cops out there, and it's within the realm of
possibility that you'll deal with one of them one day.)
If you think that legal costs in a criminal case only start when you've been formally charged, you're grossly misinformed.   At what point you personally decide to donate is one thing, but implying that someone
doesn't need a defense fund prior to charges being laid is a bit naive
about how the process works.
- Pete

@_date: 2012-11-30 16:09:21
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
help if you can.
warrant was using a certain IP address at a certain time --  the computer
using different equipment still attached to the same physical LAN.
more likely say something like all digital storage media,  and equipment
the Tor server was located.  Most likely they tracked the Tor server's
IP to an 	account at the ISP that hosted it, that pointed at his
residence.  Strange that they did not seize the server itself according
to the interview of 	the guy involved.
all the computing equipment they are installed in  (keyboard, monitor,
mouse, >etc)  normally used to access the media.
That is extremely common language for these warrants.  I have never,
ever, heard of a seizure that only involved a single IP address.  The
cops know that media moves around.
ready Remember, they did not raid the Tor exit node.  They raided the home of
the guy running the Tor exit node.  Way different.
Steven Naslund

@_date: 2012-11-30 16:31:39
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
Guess who has power over the networks and Internet.  We do and power corrupts us too.  There are some bad guy ISPs and engineers out there too.  Just because you are running a Tor server to allow for "privacy protection" does not mean you were never doing anything illegal through it.  I know this is not true in all cases but a lot of times the guy who screams the most about privacy has something to hide.  Do you like getting phone calls with blocked callerID?  Do you like getting anonymous SPAM?  Do you mind having anonymously sourced pics of your kids going out over the internet?  One guys privacy is sometimes an invasion of mine.  If this guy is so distraught over this case maybe he should have ensured that he had the resources to defend himself before he put up the multiple exit nodes.  There are test cases all the time, but if you want to be the test case you should be prepared.  How many of us have killed an open mail relay (did you have a warrant before you interrupted that good Samaritan providing that free mail server to the poor downtrodden email-less masses...you are not even a cop and did not have a judge review your actions..how dare you...)?
Steven Naslund
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2012 4:12 PM
Power corrupts and cops have power.    What scares me is that there is no way *I* can tell the difference between a cop who accepts free coffee from the local caf? and a cop who will lie to get what they want.

@_date: 2012-11-30 16:37:16
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
OK, I get it.  I think my BS detector is set to high today.  I am just
really suspicious that this guy that runs an large ISP can't at least
wait until there are charges before all the uproar.  I think if the cops
came and seized my home PCs right now I would probably give them the
time to look at them, realize there is nothing there, and give them back
to me before freaking out completely.  I would be wondering what was
going on but probably not raising a defense fund.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2012 4:21 PM
I didn't say anything about trying to run away.  That probably won't accomplish a whole lot in the long run.   But when all of your bank accounts and credit cards are frozen, and your house is a crime scene,
at least you have the means to rent a hotel room, contact
family/lawyers, etc.
And no, I'm not OK with people keeping any money that was donated for a
specific purpose in excess of what was actually used.  You'd hope that
he'd be a good guy about it and give back the portion that wasn't used,
or clearly state that any excess will go to charity or something.  However, there's no such guarantee (short of doing it through a trust
fund with his lawyer), and just like any philanthropic venture, it's up to each donor choose when/if they'll help out.   It's just like Kickstarter -- you hope to get something good out of it, but if it
bombs, well... you pay your money and you take your chances.
- Pete

@_date: 2012-11-30 16:44:50
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
I might be reading this the wrong way but it looked to me like the cops
raided his home and the Tor server is hosted off site with an ISP.  That
is what is bugging me so much.  The cops raided his house, not the
location of the server.  If they had tracked the server by its IP it
would have led to the hoster, not his home.  They could have gotten his
address as the account holder but the ISP would have known that the Tor
server was at their site not his home.  The IP would not track to his
residence.  Something is not the full story here or I am misreading his
I have seen some of the warrants due to child porn cases.  They tend to
be very sweeping and usually specify recordable media and data
processing equipment.  That is admittedly broad but the cops usually do
not have forensic computer guys on site so they try to grab it all.  It
is not right but that is how it currently works.  Anything else requires
the expertise on site to search the equipment where it is.  Most cops
don't know a PC from a router, from a switch.  It all goes.
Steven Naslund
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2012 4:21 PM
Or more likely behind a NAT device where the address which presents is
the NAT device. But the police won't know that until they search.
Until they search they have no factual basis for the presumptions either
that more than one computer was associated with the activity or that it
isn't possible to readily identify which computer was involved. That Tor
node was probably on a static IP address and was probably  on the same
static IP address at the time of the alleged activity.
"Reasonable suspicion" doesn't mean Bob thinks you did it, it means that
there's a trail of facts which lead *directly* to the evidence you seek
permission to seize. The trail to child porn doesn't include the right
to seize the stack of John Denver music and while it might include the
right to search the shelf of DVDs it doesn't include the right to seize
the ones produced by Disney. The right to search your computer and the
right to seize it are not at all the same thing.
Practically speaking, right now the police are going to seize all your
computers. But keep watching. Some time in the next decade or two
warrants will start to get quashed for failing to specify (by
parameters) *which* computer they were looking for. As computers become
more central to our lives it will probably come out that they have the
right to duplicate your hard drives and other read/write media but don't
have a right to take the originals unless they observe warrant-covered
material *on* the computer while searching.
Bill Herrin
William D. Herrin ................ herrin at dirtside.com  bill at herrin.us
3005 Crane Dr. ...................... Web: Falls Church, VA 22042-3004

@_date: 2012-11-30 17:10:09
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
I understand that they could look at them for many months.  In the
meantime, my life will go on.  I don't believe there is a whole lot you
can do about it.  If they take too long, I will consider asking a lawyer
to look into getting my stuff back but it would have to be expensive
stuff to make the lawyer worthwhile.  I am guessing I would buy a new PC
(they did not seize this guys bank account or credit cards), I probably
don't need 100 Terabytes of storage so my costs are not so bad.   My message to the cops and my lawyer would be charge me or lets clear
this up.  There are laws to protect you from the government from taking
your stuff in an unfair manner if you want to go that route.  If there
is a misunderstanding I will talk to the cops all they want.  If I feel
I need representation, I will get some.  If I am really innocent, I
doubt they could ask me too much that would upset me.  My guess is they
would rather move on in their case instead of spinning their wheels with
me.  I have thought it was rough on people to have all their stuff seized and
I suppose you could try and collect some damages if you bought new gear
while your stuff was being held (if for no reason) but I think that very
often the cops seize the right stuff.  I would really like a poll since
we have a lot of network professionals on here, exactly how many of us
have had something seized by the cops with NO CAUSE.  Anybody, I would
like to hear from a real life case.
Sorry people...most cops want to put the right people in jail and are
not trying to violate your rights.  There are bad eggs but that is why
we have judges.  When I hear someone I don't know say they are innocent
and the cops say they are guilty, I tend to believe the cop.  Everyone
in jail says he is innocent too.
BTW - in this case, the cops have not even said this guy is guilty of
anything yet.
Steven Naslund
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2012 4:49 PM
You do realize that it is completely common for "looking" at them to
take months.
This is a big thing to people in this community, because the police will
happily come and confiscate the tools you need to do your job, and not
return them for months, years, or sometimes even ever, even in cases
where it seems fairly straightforward to identify that the person has
done nothing wrong.  The police, and many of the policies surrounding
this issue, often assume that the party is guilty, and also assume that
seizure isn't a significant professional issue.
... JG
Joe Greco - sol.net Network Services - Milwaukee, WI -
 "We call it the 'one bite at the apple' rule. Give me
one chance [and] then I won't contact you again." - Direct Marketing
Ass'n position on e-mail spam(CNN) With 24 million small businesses in
the US alone, that's way too many apples.

@_date: 2012-11-30 17:49:44
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
============================== START ==============================
If he is claiming that the traffic to the forum came through the Tor
node, that IP would lead them to the hosting company of the Tor node.
Not his residence.  If they had an IP that led to his home, that would
have to mean that the traffic did not come from his Tor node at the ISP.
I suppose you could get your own block of addresses and get the ISP to
advertise them for you to host your server but I don't think you would.
If they got his address from the hosting company, I suppose that might
lead them to his house but it also would have told them that the Tor
node was not AT his house.  Why go there?  I think they have something
else.  There are lots of terabytes for them to look at.  Who wants to
bet what is there?
Steven Naslund
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2012 5:37 PM
How about:
Police have seen CP and have logs from "Additionally, I was accused of
sharing (and possibly producing) child pornography on a clearnet forum
via an image hosting site that was probably tapped."
Police look at IP addresses that have accessed the images for those that
are within their jurisdiction.
Police find an address within a block that is registered to Wiliam.
Police raid William and receive an education on TOR exit nodes on
servers in Poland.
Why wouldn't the IP address have led to William?
--Michael
