
@_date: 2015-04-17 07:54:36
@_author: social@sponsor-privacy.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New site attempting to help Tor grow 
Tor-talk, we have recently released our site and wanted to share it with the Tor community, I hope this doesn't come across as spam as that is not our intention.
We have created sponsor-privacy.com in the hopes that it would help non-technical people who might be using Tor, or just those that don't want to run their own relay, improve the existing Tor infrastructure by "sponsoring" a new Tor relay for one year. As noted on the site the whole goal is to break even so this is not some type of money grab, just something that we thought might help out a bit. If you think what we are is cool it would be great if you shared it with people you know. If you think what we are doing is not that cool we're always open to _constructive_ criticism.
Thank you,
SponsorPrivacy team

@_date: 2015-04-17 09:43:01
@_author: social@sponsor-privacy.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New site attempting to help Tor grow 
Gareth, appreciate the feedback, here are some responses to your I have thought about this as it might allow others to spin up a similar site. The issue right now is a lot of the
account specific parameters are hard-coded so I need to work on pulling those out before making it something other
groups could use. Being an OSS fan though the idea is to at some point make the code public. The truth is though
that all we're really doing is calling various APIs from other vendors, chaining them together and wrapping it in
some logic. I wish it was a lot cooler than that but the app itself is pretty plain.
As of today they are placed randomly between two different DCs from a single provider. On the "TODO" list though is
to expand that so that we're using multiple providers and multiple DCs.
We are using 3rd party VPS services currently.
With regard to your feedback about the entity operating the website, this was honestly my biggest fear and probably
something I'll need to address sooner rather than later. Initially I just wanted to get something out to see if this
was really a service people would use before going through all of the paperwork of creating a non-profit. As you've probably
figured out by now this is not a full-time gig for anyone involved so we wanted to test the waters a bit before committing
100%. I suppose that based on your feedback though that the stats might be skewed if others are sharing your same opinion.
You are correct that we are using Stripe to process our payments. It might be worth it for me to add a blurb below the
form mentioning that.
Again, thank you for the feedback!

@_date: 2015-04-17 12:45:07
@_author: social@sponsor-privacy.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New site attempting to help Tor grow 
Sadly there is nothing else I can do to convince you otherwise. Currently where I (the creator of this project and who the domain is registered to) live it would cost me ~$500 to create a tax-exempt nonprofit. Also take into consideration that I would be looking at anywhere from 1 month to a year for the paperwork to actually be processed. As I previously mentioned the initial goal of this was to see if anyone would even use it, otherwise it would be pointless to invest what I consider a large amount of money into something that wasn't going to go anywhere. I would rather take that money and funnel it to an existing project.
As far as the whole I vs team thing, I'm not sure why that really matters but just to be a sport and play along with you there is an actual team. In that team though there is me, the creator who wrote the code for the site, registered the domain name, registered the Stripe account and who handles the e-mail. So if in previous messages the tone flipped between "team" and "I" it was in my opinion valid as outside of design work, I am currently the one who handles everything.
One of the main reasons you cannot pay with Bitcoin yet is that you, as far as I know, cannot request a refund on your Bitcoin transaction. However, I believe that almost every credit card company out there will refund you for transactions that are deemed fraudulent or for transactions where the seller/vendor did not live up to their end of the deal. If the whole goal of this was to scam people out of money it probably would have made more sense to accept only Bitcoin or some other type of cryptocurrency.
I realize it's probably hard to believe in the current world we live in, but there are some of us out there that are not interested in making it big but instead are trying to help while fulfilling an urge to build something. Everything that is on the website is 100% accurate as far as how the money we receive is used. It's your right to either believe it or not but it would be nice if before passing judgement you used the service to see if your accusations were accurate.

@_date: 2015-04-17 14:12:29
@_author: social@sponsor-privacy.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New site attempting to help Tor grow 
Appreciate the feedback. As you noted the primary target was someone who might not know really what bandwidth is, how much memory, etc but I can see your point where some potential customers might like to have that information. If nothing else it might help validate the $65 cost. I'll try to answer some of those questions here and think about how the info could be integrated into the site itself.
- Bandwidth: the instances being used come with 1000TB per month. This has been set as the cap in the torrc file so each instance can in theory use all 1000TB before it stops passing traffic.
- The instances are currently being setup with DigitalOcean which does not allow exit relays so only non-exit relays are being created.
- Each relay is SSD based (20gigs), comes with 1 "cpu" (these are virtual instances) and 512mb of RAM
- Currently all instances are provisioned in the United States but the plans are to use every DC that DigitalOcean has available which means with a minor change to the code instances could also be deployed in the Netherlands, Germany, England and Singapore. Eventually the goal is to bring in other providers outside of DigitalOcean to expand the possible - You are correct, the OS is Linux :)
- We do not provide any stats at this time. Something that has been discussed though was a possible page that showed all relays customers had sponsored with some bandwidth stats next to them. It would be more of a novelty than anything, nothing for real system type monitoring.
- As far as running two relays on one instance, that is not an option right now. The way it works is there is an image I created that is a basic Linux image with the Tor client installed. When someone sponsors a relay through the site an API call is made to spin up a new instance based on this image. During the API call some cloud-init data is passed to a small script on the image which handles setting up the torrc file with the correct relay name and contact notes. At that point a new fingerprint is generated and the Tor client is restarted. Since these are SSD based the time from payment to running is typically about a minute assuming everything behind the scenes at DigitalOcean is happy. It would certainly be possible to run two relays on a single instance but would introduce a bit more complexity that I'll need to look into.
- In all honesty, the MyFamily option is something that I didn't think would really apply to this as the goal is to never actually login to these boxes. I do see though how that could make people feel uneasy since technically SponsorPrivacy will be the "owners" of all of these. I will bump that to the top of the TODO list so we can start dynamically updating that setting as new instances are provisioned. Consider that the first bug :)

@_date: 2015-04-17 15:09:20
@_author: social@sponsor-privacy.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New site attempting to help Tor grow 
Yes, sorry, 1TB a month :)
I have been running my own personal relay on one of their 512MB instances for a bit over three months without issue (famous last words). CPU usage usually hovers around 10-15%. On that relay I set AccountingMax to 100 GB of traffic per day just to make sure it didn't blow out in a single day and then sit idle the rest of the month. I restarted it awhile back and looking at the logs it shows:
"Tor's uptime is 17 days 0:00 hours, with 637 circuits open. I've sent 370.11 GB and received 369.43 GB."
Your suggestion for one big server with multiple clients on an un-metered account might be cool...

@_date: 2015-04-17 19:33:33
@_author: social@sponsor-privacy.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New site attempting to help Tor grow 
I went with DigitalOcean because their API is what allows the provisioning process to be automated which means less time spent by humans setting things up. The only way this was going to work for me is if the basic ordering process was 100% automated with me only tending to the one-offs or odd failures. DigitalOcean charges $5 per month for their base VPS ( which is where the $60 a year comes from.
Using a VPS provider that requires a manual order each time as well as manual setup of the Tor client (even if using something like salt or ansible you still need to run a command) just didn't make sense for a side project.
I appreciate all of the feedback but it seems as if this project doesn't make sense yet so I'll probably shut it down and put it on the self until a better solution can be determined (if at all).
