
@_date: 2005-02-12 13:08:45
@_author: spy1 
@_subject: windows 
Hash: SHA1
"I am not sure what is meant by "effective deterrent" here.  Does
mean you guys would like to deter windows users from running servers?
 Or deter windows users period?"
    It means neither, because you've kind of gotten it sideways.
    What was meant by my comments was that the REASON you already
don't see many W32 Tor servers is because everyone who tries to run
them (or nearly everyone, anyway) is having problems KEEPING them
running (if they can get them to run at all).
    It has absolutley nothing whatsoever to do with "restricting"
anyone (in this case, all W32 users") from the Tor net or from
running servers - although I would like to bring out myself that this
may be the Tor developers only alternative (assuming W32 users can be
identified and "blocked" at all) if W32 users overload the existing
nodes, or bring about the possibility of government interference due
to W32 (or others', of course) use of the Tor network for
    Hope that makes sense now. Pete

@_date: 2005-02-11 10:41:02
@_author: spy1 
@_subject: statistics 
"Note that Windows machines refer to themselves as "Unknown", so there
are probably eight of them. Closer examination reveals that four of the
eight "Unknown" routers are unresponsive. This suggests to me that
perhaps Windows users are running into the problem observed by spy1 on
 and his intuition that this may be an effective deterrent to the
proliferation of Windows Tor nodes is probably accurate.
    Yes, better implementation of the Windows server aspect is going to be what it takes before those of us who are definitely interested in running one are going to be able to help you with the "greedy-ness" of those Windows users' who are sucking up your individual band-widths.
    Seems to me like the spread, speed, effective "anonymity" and the cost of running the servers (band-width-wise to the indidvidual operators) can only get better IF W32 users are given as solid a server set-up as the "alternative" OS-users now enjoy.
    Otherwise, all you're going to get is bogged-down servers and abuse issues from W32 users.
    So I guess the issue is - do you nail down the Win32 server issues, or do you find a way to block W32 users' from USING Tor. Pete

@_date: 2005-02-11 10:53:07
@_author: spy1 
@_subject: xp help plz 
Hash: SHA1
    Could you do a copy&paste of your torrc file and email it to me?
I need to do a line-by-line comparison of what we've both got in
there, and if it's a settings issue, that's the only way I'm ever
going to be able to correct it. If nothing else, it'll eliminate
torrc as the problem if our settings are the same in all the
important places.     Feel free to remove any personal info (your IP addy or contact
details). I'm at spy1 at comporium.net  Thanks! Pete

@_date: 2005-01-13 11:54:40
@_author: spy1 
@_subject: Simple instructions for setting up a Windows Tor server? 
Running XP Pro, 1.3GHz processor, 1GB RAM on a cable connection.
More than willing to help if someone will walk me through it. Thanks. Pete
