
@_date: 2006-12-02 10:28:06
@_author: Stegozor 
@_subject: Problems under Windows Millenium 
Hi everyone,
Willing to give aioe's tor NNTP service a try, I installed Vidalia 0.7 and tried to run it under Windows Millenium together with Thunderbird and Torbutton, but my system was becoming sluggish and unresponsive. A ctrl-alt-del returned a message telling that the ressources of my system were at a critically low level and suggested to close some applications, often tor.exe.
Then I removed Vidalia, tor and Privoxy (using their own uninstall option from Start/Programs/app/uninstall menu) and installed the latest Vidalia package. The problem is that when I launch Vidalia now I get the following error message:
Vidalie.exe is linked (or bound) to a missing export of ADVAPI32DLL:ChangeServiceConfig2W (roughly translated from French).
Unfortunately I couldn't find any related information on the FAQ so here I am. What went wrong? Have I made a stupid mistake somewhere? Also, please allow me little suggestion: it would be nice if minimum system requirements were made clear on the Viadalia website.
My configuration: AMD 2000 XP+ running at 1.1 Ghz (voluntary BOIS setting), 384 Mb of RAM, the whole thing under Windows Me with all security updates installed, fairly enough hard disk space and a 1 Mbps/128 Kbps broadband cable connection.

@_date: 2006-12-04 11:56:55
@_author: Stegozor 
@_subject: Problems under Windows Millenium 
Thank you for the response. I could test the latest Vidalia on the same computer (same hadware) but under Windows XP and it works pretty fine. However, it was impossible to uninstall the lastest version and to install 0.0.7 under Windows Millenium, I keep getting the same error message (Vidalie.exe is linked (or bound) to a missing export of ADVAPI32DLL:ChangeServiceConfig2W. As I don't know what to do and which files to remove, it's rather hard to install back 0.0.7 for me, and worse, this version doesn't seem to work properly under Win Me either: the first time I installed it, my system had become sluggish and Hope that later releases will fix these issues and that this information will be helpful in some way. Until then, a little warning on the website could make sense.
