
@_date: 2014-02-01 14:45:05
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Pluggable transports. 
Hash: SHA512
Wow... I wasn't aware the PT system was so complicated and chaotic
under the hood. I assumed it was just a steg tunnel, simply give it
address(s), poke data in one end and it pops out the other end, rate
is limited by how much data you pull out of the exit buffer. The steg
tunnel does the rest, deals with ports, timing, etc.
What I was planning to do was see if I could use it to steg data
between my peer nodes (prefers RUDP), run a PT proxy on one node and
run another one at the other end, and use it to steg data between the
two. At a minimum I will have to have two kinds of connection, a
directly connected RUDP peer, a TCP socks peer (TCP socksPT can easily
be added). Obviously I will use TCP to/from the PT proxy.
That's what I am considering doing but to do such a simple thing
really I need to be able to do it with *no* communication with any
control ports, transferring control data should be optional not
required, unless the process is very simple and documented, it also
means the transport will have to be able to fail safe if it tries to
communicate back to a/or any system that doesn't support the control
port. I don't know if these requirements are workable but would make
PT more universally usable which can only be a good thing (imagine if
thousands of programs used PT tunnels!). Obviously the more Tor
integrated it becomes the less generally useable it is.
It appears the PT system is strongly linked specifically to the Tor
system, it may be better if PT was a generic system on its own with an
easy documented interface and backward protocol for reverse
communication (if desired). It would also be nice if all the inner
workings of the individual transports are hidden behind a central
socksPT proxy, tell it your requested transport, give it address(s)
and it connects through (obviously it will never work like a normal
socks proxy) and can also feed info back to your program if you
provide an open OrPort.
Obviously some components of PT cannot be reused like flash proxy
transport because it was designed to solve a specific problem unique
to the Tor project (not a bad thing) it just means it cannot be reused
without much extra code.
It occurs to me no matter which way you cut it a PT proxy is never
going to be like/or used like a normal socks proxy (PT proxys require
a load more config options than normal which standard socks spec
cannot provide) so you might aswell go for a slightly extended socksPT
version not massively off spec just extended. Socks assumes you will
need IP, port, address type, authentication method, password but PT
requires a bit more than that so all you have to do is add a few more
steps to the chain. "1,2,3" are IPv4,Domain,IPv6, you could easily add
"0" no address for flash proxy and "4" multi address string, 2 bytes
Size:Word, followed by ";" seperated string eg. "IPv4:127.0.0.1:80;
IPv6:0.0.0.0.0.0:800; Dom: ..." for ST. you can also
add an extra step to the socks spec for PT config info, or just a
simple extra size+data send after the socks hand shake, this would be
a better solution than hacking socks which doesn't fit and would allow
use of the password field.
I appreciate your all busy over there, fixing bugs and security holes I
also hear you've got some work to do on the hidden services system aswell.
1) I would suggest separating PT into a totally separate downloadable
sub system, you could have a "complete package" with the frame work and
all complete modules included, or you could have "separate modules" with
the framework and modules downloaded separately which would save
repeated downloading (obviously for ease of use still package it
pre-configured with the Tor bundles). Being a separate entity will make
it easier for the developers to maintain, and easier for developers to
integrate it into there own systems, programs can iterate through the
folders looking for PT modules or they can add them to there own config
2) You don't need encryption to the local host I will encrypt through
the tunnel anyway as im sure all actively maintained programs will do
aswell, end-to-end encryption through the tunnel is better and easier.
Any programs that don't encrypt end-to-end probably aren't secure enough
anyway. If you add SSL make it optional, im at a disadvantage here
because I don't know how to do SSL yet and plain text is much easier.
2B) Forcing SSL would reduce the uptake of the PT system.
3) TCP and UDP socks interface would be nice so it would cover a larger
range of programs, and be more efficient for UDP programs, queuing UDP
packets into a reliable TCP stream is pretty easy. My protocol prefers
R(reliable)UDP where possible, but my module can do both if needed. If
it combined UDP im sure I2P would also use it.
4) Combining PT client and server into a single node is also a good idea.
5) As always K.I.S.S is the key to everything, keep the interface and
protocals as simple and generic as possible the same way the Tor socks
interface is so simple, ideally (like socks) so simple anyone can
write a client for it. And this again is the problem im well aware
taking something as complicated as the diverse methods of transport as
you have and combining them into one simple protocol/interface or
socksPT proxy is an enormous under taking especially as you dont know
what your needs are going to be in the future.
The simpler it is the more people will use it, the more people use it
the less worthwhile there spying and DPI firewalls will be, there was a
recent article "Dutch court surrenders allows pirate bay to sail again"
Dutch court ruled blocking pirate bay was a waste of time because people
can get around it (largely thanks to services like Tor *crowd cheers*)
and 95% of people where still sharing files regardless.
If this was easy to use and integrate all the file sharing programs
would use it to bridge between peers, china and iran developers would
use it, at some point DPI and packet sniffing will be so useless they
wont bother.
My point is if firewalls and DPI are worthless, they wont bother
spending money on it and we will have won. Isn't that the war we are
fighting here?
I can see the enormous potential this has, I would say build it and
they will come. Im sure many programmers figured out they could use
Tors socks proxy port how many emailed you guys? But it was still
greatly useful.
Imagine the governments surprise they thought Tor was bad, and hidden
services where worse, now everyones using stenographic tunnels making
there DPI useless and a big waste of money. See the big picture here?
I know your time is limited so I'll let you decide how you want to
proceed and I'll get on with my code, once I get further I'll see if
integrating PT into my project is feasible.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-02-06 19:35:10
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Had a great idea just thought I'd put it out there... 
Hash: SHA512
It appears they are scanning entire packets at a time for efficiency.
What about using extremely small packets? The smaller packets are the
smaller the the data surface is the harder it would make it for them
to accurately detect the protocol.
I know there's that bug in the state-less firewalls that mucks up
there pattern matching if the packets are cut up into 160 byte chunks.
also I've heard UDP packets are fragmented if they are bigger than
1400 bytes, and are only marked as arrived if the operating system
manages to get all fragments I dont know if TCP does the same. So I
assume 1400 byte packets are more likely to arrive across the network,
the down side is I imagine it would probably be quite slow sending
only 1K at a time.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-02-07 15:11:30
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Pluggable transports 
Hash: SHA512
Hmmm... I've been thinking about all this stuff, and reading up on the
I think "the parrot is dead" is a little over strict in his analysis,
I highly doubt they have technology as good as this yet and probably
wont have any time soon, so yes in the future he is right but simply
to hide the protocal from passive analysis which is what the PTs are
designed to solve, it will work fine.
But as pointed out to complete the solution PT is only one part of the
solution, to resist active probing you would have to code a full web
server for example. Yes hes right 100% mimicing is impossible, you'll
never be able to totally mimic a specific web server for example
timings and everything, but you dont have to *any* web server works on
the internet as long as its RFC compliant (also you could use a single
url on the web server as the tor hand shake, because the RFC would
force them to allow arbitrary urls but if they started doing url
filtering tor web badges/flash proxy badges would also be vulnerable).
The problem is a single hole must be allowed to get the Tor handskake
through which will make the mimic 99% accurate instead of %100, its
this 1% behavior difference they will use, I also suspect they will
get the PT code and try a Tor hand shake through a PT to test for Tor
nodes anyway, and *horror* what they might do when all nodes look like
web servers they might try PT Tor hand shaking on all web servers just
to make sure, when that day comes it will be bad.
But I reckon PTs will work fine for now and resistance to active
probing will vastly improve it and that should be good enough for
several years til we can find a better solution (if there is one).
I was thinking about PTs and think I may have a workable solution...
I thought either PTs could use socks4/5 and force the PTs to work like
a standard socks proxy, this would be ok for single tunnel PTs and
Flash proxy, but more complex systems like stegotorus would be a
problem you could either stuff all the IPs into the password field
this hack could kindda work but may not fit or you could send multiple
single socks connections through it each with a single IP (wont work
on standard socks).
Normal programs could use it but they wont be able to use the full
functionality of the PT and obviously cannot benefit from the reverse
control data, this solution is ok or in some ways might be better,
because even though socks is hacked and limited at least you can do it.
Or you could use a slightly modified socksPT, what you could do is use
socks 4/5 like normal, but if you put 99 in the version byte it
activates the extended PT socks interface with added address types and
steps to the handshake. This might be a better solution, socks can use
it, but programs with PT support can use the extra functionaily.
Or make a mini socksPT Proxy just to hide the internals of the PT
system, with socks input and converts it to the socksPT output, with
configs, proper settings, it could also have a control port to do
proper PT communication for you.
Program >>> socksPT Proxy >+>> Flash proxy
                           +>> Stegotorus
                           +>> Dust
                           ..
I hope this is useful.
Im trying the idea of a system implemented as separate modules with
intercommunication and see how it turns out.
Program <---> MSat Routing service <---> Other MSat routers <--->...
              /\                       > Other MSat routers <--->...
                        > Other MSat routers <--->...
              \/
              MSat probe <---> Internet...
Programs interface with the system, the MSat routers communicate, as a
last resort if the satellite cannot boot into the network, they
activate there beacon (open fixed port that helps lost nodes find the
network and each other), it launches a probe that scans IP blocks,
starting with the my local one, till it finds other MSat routers.
Because the MSat routers are connected as a DHT web one node should be
sufficient to get onto the network. There might also be many small
groups of disconnected networks that may or may not be connected to
the collective swarm. As long as two nodes are connected they can talk
to each other, when you have 3 now 3 people can communicate, no
centrality what so ever. How ever it may be helpful to have fixed
domain seed nodes to speed everything up but if they block them it
doesn't matter. Every successful boot into the network gives you info
to help you boot in later on.
But the idea is other modules can be added, new modules can talk to,
or register to be informed about certain kinds of info from the other
modules, as long as you can talk the resources language you can use
the existing resources. Common transfer language might be helpful here
(like xmpp/xml) but im just making it simple commands and see how it goes.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-08 00:44:38
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] !!! Important please read. !!! 
Hash: SHA512
Hi im Shadowman, I havent posted on here before, I found this document
and thought it rather important for everyone to read it.
I don't know the exact details of how SSL/certificates work and I
don't know about anyone else's opinion on this subject, this is mine
and it doesnt look good. If this document is true, it means that due
to a (massive) weakness in the way central certificate authoritys
work, putting huge trust in central authoritys, it doesnt take much of
a stretch of the imagination of why this system is bad. From what I
can gather it appears using fake and forged root certificates and
probably intentional collusion with governments, they have total
access to enter any ssl stream they like. In short ssl is there
playground, so even if ssl is used we still cannot trust it cos they
can get into any ssl stream they like. Im not sure if this is true,
cos i dont know how the key/shared secret is created, but the document
hints that it might be based on the servers ssl certificate.
Total control over ssl will allow 2 things...
1) They will easily be able to identify odd looking ssl streams (ie
Tor), making it very easy to find Tor users.
2) We will have to assume that ALL ssl streams are compromised.
There are points in the document where known untrusted sub authoritys
where known about but the root authoritys didnt revoke them (obvious
collusion), and where root certificates where forged (or could have
been forged and knowing the power and corruption of governments in my
opinion almost certainly are) which could potentially get into traffic
like (facebook, google ect), without the web sites knownledge and
without anyone being able to revoke them. And now we have the gravest
problem which should be obvious to all, what happens when the root CAs
are corrupt? well that is exactly the problem we now have.
Added with everything else thats going on this is extremely disturbing.
My other point,
It appears Tor (congrats on that btw its an awesome piece of software)
with this example...
[Browser]  ->Tor->Entry->Relay->Exit->  [Server].
 Server A        Server B         Server C
      !              "              ?
       !             "             ?
        !           "             ?
         !         "             ?
            !    "              ?
             Exit            Exit
                 !"           ?
                   !"        ?
                     !"    ??
                      Relay
            !!!!!!!!!! "   ??????
           !          "          ????
       ClientA    ClientB         ClientC
Where the Tor circuit only acts as a direct tunnel from browser to
server. The browser is most vulnerable from attacks from the server,
they dont need to know where you are, because they just attack your
browser through the pipe.
Ive read they can using QUANTUM servers to redirect tor traffic to a
honey pot server, the honey pot server gives your browser a cookie to
mark you, once marked they can now identify you and redirect you to
other servers they have (got all sorts of weird names like
FerretCannon ect) to target exploits at your setup. This too is scary.
I believe this is Tor's greatest weakness.
Wouldnt it be better to communicate with a "Public browser" running on
the exit node and have the public browser do the requests for you?
Like this...
[Browser] ->Tor->Entry->Relay-> [Exit browser] ------------>  [Server].
 Server A        Server B         Server C
      !              "              ?
        !            "             ?
           !         "           ?
              !       "        ?
                 !    "      ?
                    ! "    ?
                  Exit browser
                    $$$%  ^^
                $$$$   %    ^^
            $$$$      %       ^^
           $          %         ^^
       ClientA    ClientB         ClientC
With this setup you communicate with the browser, the browser access's
the internet 2 seperate communication channels. The exit browser
acting as a air gap or filter, filtering rubbish out of the requests,
filtering rubbish out going and rubbish incoming. Cookies are only
stored on the exit browser, and all accumilated rubbish on the exit
browser can be dumped. Effectively like a virtual remote control
browser. Wouldnt this method be a lot safer and more like the effect
we was going for? Im well aware this setup would break a lot of web
sites and there cookie identification systems but then thats what we
are going for right? We dont want to be identified. Or implementing a
filter at some point along the Tor circuit would be just as good.
This is a lot like what Scroogle used to do with gooIPs, all attacks
and exploits can only be performed against the public browser, leaving
the user isolated, safe and totally unaffected.
The internet is an information retrieval system, client requests,
server responds, nothing else is needed everyone is happy, I have long
maintained that as soon as they started using client/server side
scripts, apps, applets, flash, java, cookies and the rest it was at
that point that it all just went to hell. I reckon no scripts by
default is best, just for certain sites, the risk of script attacks is
far greater than fingerprinting (and I wouldnt use cookies either for
that matter).
darkwolf759 at gmail.com PGP: 0xf9708eef

@_date: 2014-01-09 02:14:41
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 1) Torproject certificate, 
4) I am working on something similar to Tor
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
1) TorProject certificate
FYI Just thought I'd mention that in the UK on Vodafone and Google
Chrome the torproject.org sll certificate comes up as invalid and the
site gets blocked for safety, (note blog.torproject.org works fine) I
reckon this is government interference. On 3 network it works fine but
then the 3 network doesn't block the tor web site anyway. Obviously once
on the Tor network the site works fine.
2) SSL authentication compromised
Thanks to everyone that responded (Gerardus Hendricks, Seth David
Schoen, Mark McCarron, Andreas Krey).
Ive had a quick read through the material, some of this I was unaware
of, especially the big effort to fix the authentication problem.
After thinking about it I am still of the opinion when you have devices
like Packet forensics (looks like this:-
 and this is
only a small one, that can cut through SSL like it didn't exist using
sub CA root certificates (what I said originally but now I understand
why it works). Until the authentication problem is solved we still have
a big problem on our hands and for the time being should consider SSL
broken (not the Tor traffic the exit traffic).
MITM works like this...
            [fake cert]             [real cert]
Client------->QUANTUM  QUANTUM-------->Server
QUANTUM uses a sub CA root (that the government extorted) so they can
pretend to be any website they like (because your browser trusts the
Root you also trust the Sub root) to pretend to be the target web site
and proxy the communication to the original destination in SSL, so the
SSL connection works like normal and you don't notice the difference.
This will give them transparent access but this will be defeated
when we start doing pinning and forcing the *exact* certificate to be
used and no other, in this case the QUANTUM server will get caught out.
(be interesting to see how much of the internet suddenly stops working
when this happens)
As Andreas pointed out "Active attacks are resource-limited and at
least in case of the NSA, risky." We also know that the NSA/GCHQ
are vastly wealthy, technically able and determined (and apparently a
bit dumb since they dont actually bother watching people on watch
lists eg. Boston bombings).
I agree with Andreas "Bear in mind that we are dealing with a global
*active* adversary that may well be capable of looking into tor nodes."
All it would take is for them to put really fast servers (and we know
they are doing this with QUANTUM servers) at key high traffic junctions
on the internet, and in secret at every ISP using a sub CA root
certificate to transparently access *ALL* SSL streams passing through
that point. It wouldn't take a lot of these nodes at key locations to
cover large areas of the network. Didnt it even say in news articles
that what was once "wasted" SSL traffic is now usable and is being
stored but they wouldnt elaborate as to how, and other reports about
XKeyScore that can collate much info *even* if it is encrypted (which
is most traffic now).
Its like in one of the documents
 said you can put in root CA
keys to make spying programs like parental controls, ect continue to
work???  Which might be nice for say I dont know big companys, and
governments but well if that's the case why bother using encryption
then? Brings us back to square one you might as well just give them your
keys or not bother.
So until the authentication problem is solved, or you are using your own
encryption, I do think we should all be taking this seriously and
for the time being consider SSL as compromised, like someone on here
said "it keeps you safe from criminals but not governments" but
unfortunately the governments are criminals.
3) "Exit browser" idea.
Ok you might be right it just moves the problem from the Server, or MITM
attacking you, to the exit node being able to better target you.
And I didnt think about the legal implications of the exit node being
able to read the data either. I thought about a simple Socks in, socks
out, filter between the browser and the Tor client but the datas
encrypted so that wont work either. The only solution then is to
harden up Firefox, or disable some of its modules.
4) I am working on something similar to Tor
Im not willing to send details clear text over the net but if anyone is
interested send me a PGP key and we'll talk.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-09 12:54:24
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Ok I get it. 
Hash: SHA512
Ok I get it, even though they can, it is more likely they are passive
logging everything, scanning all non SSL for keywords and only
actively targeting a small number of people maybe say under a thousand.
Given that this is the case, since its not legal for them to
surveillance all Tor exits just to watch one person, Tor should
actually provide pretty good protection to individuals.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-12 21:21:18
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What about Kademlia? 
Hash: SHA512
Question 1) Does the Tor client remember the state of the relay list
between boots?
Assuming there isn't too much time between boots a lot of the nodes
will likely still be there the next time you log on, making it quicker
next time and easier to boot, possibly even to the point of not
needing the root servers to boot onto the network.
I assume Tor downloads the entire list of *all* available public
relays from root directory servers and mirroring clients (like the
bridges you connect to), which of course if they get blocked off from
all sources the whole system goes down (for you). Admittedly it would
be difficult for them to block all the mirroring bridges anyway so
this might not be of great concern at the moment, but I could well see
them improving the traffic detection and blocking at border firewalls
which would stop people from booting.
But lets assume at some point in the future they perform the next wave
of blocking that pretty well cuts a lot of people from accessing the
nework, noone will be able to download updates and they wont be able
to boot.
Question 2) Has the Tor team considered using the Kademlia algorithm
for inter peer communication and decentralized resistance?
This way even if the main servers are blocked the network still works.
One advantage is this way even if your blocked off from the main
network your client will still function by connecting to the peers in
your area, actually it occurs to me this might not be that useful to
the user since if your data cannot leave your country it probably cant
get to the *clear* internet anyway. It also occurs to me that sometime
in the future (probably not that far into the future either) there
wont be much of a thing as a *clear* internet.
Possible disadvantage is your peer might perform a lot of inter peer
communication allowing them to find more relay addresses.
But I notice that the client has to connect to a number of IPs anyway
to boot up and setup tunnels, and these connections obviously cannot
be avoided, so Kademlia might be an advantage in this case.
I was thinking about the problem that required bridges to get onto the
network, but what if every peer could be given a *small world* view of
the network, they can see some peers but not all as if they are short
sighted,, bridges exiting the country could be hidden behind other
peers so you cannot see them, this prevents them from getting all the
IPs. It would also remove the need to have central servers almost
entirely, as the peer list will be distributed by the peers
automatically, just one peer is all that is needed to get onto the
network. The DHT could also be used to store and retrieve information
like for example storage of the DNS information to locate resources
within the network. You can still have a bunch of the relays invisible
whos IPs are not propagated.
Im not sure about how this would affect there ability to detect the
network, but it would surely make the network highly resistant.
But then again resistance doesnt matter if jack boots come knocking
your door down.
This feature could be turned on and off and maybe only used as a last
resort if all other routes of connection fail.
Not sure if this is a good idea but it would certainly add resistance
and scalablity.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-15 16:47:54
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Torproject ssl certificate 
Hash: SHA512
1) I notice from UK on vodafone or sainsburys mobile torproject.org
ssl certificate comes up faulty and chrome blocks it. But on the Tor
network the site works fine (I downloaded CetfificatePatrol and it
says the proper certificate is digicert), obvioulsly SSL observatory
wont pick this up cos its the Chrome browser not Firefox.
After the talk we had about fake certificates and the unlikelyhood of
them using fake certs on everyone, but it would still be worth
concentrating there efforts only on people who use the tor website so
could this be such an attack? only it appears google chromes browser
is capable of detecting and stopping it (others might not be so lucky
or just click through it). People would assume theres something wrong
with the site or write it off as the site being blocked and ignore it.
They could correlate people that accessed the Tor site on the clear
web against Tor client users, get there IPs so they know who to watch
or at least they know you are using a Tor client and at worst if the
user clicked through could get contaminated updates. Sadly probably
nothing that can be done about this, except maybe using stronger
browsers, and better setups like the the Firefox Tor bundle that
bypass it.
2) Regulating open source browsers, like thats ever gonna work, people
will just download and compile old versions, and anyone can write a
http client anyway. Still maybe worth talking to them tho, thanks for
the heads up.
3) a Tor2web proxy (and versions of) probably arnt a good idea, the
reason darknets/F2F networks work is because you only share with
trusted friends not everyone, its the lack of the global view that
makes it hard for the enermy to attack the system (in this case they
would attack your proxy), i know adding anonymity to the equation and
being a conduit rather that a host changes the situation a bit, but I
still doubt google would like bad content being accessible *even* if
you arnt the one hosting it, I could be wrong.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-16 00:31:23
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The Mindware Satalite Network 
Hash: SHA512
And for the Tor2web idea, what about cloaking? changing the output
depending on who connects, if Tor users connect show the Tor hidden
services, if normal users connect show them only the normal web, Google
might also be able to do this filtering when it reads the X_Tor2Web
header. Lets assume Tor users by using the Tor network have agreed
they might see censored and possibly *bad* content now they cannot
complain. But it occurs to me:-
A) You would need a way to tell Tor user requests from normal user
request and Tor intentionally prevents this (you could send a HTTP
header with the request for example X-AllowHidden to access the proxy's
extra functionality).
B) If this was the case you wouldn't need it because Tor users would
already be using Tor to access the internet anyway.
C) The government would always use the X-AllowHidden request header to
see censored content so it wouldn't help with that.
The Mindware Satalite Network
I am currently working on the Mindware Satellite Network, I don't have a
web site and very few people know of the existence of this project.
Current weaknesses
It occurred to me currently the greatest weakness of Tor, I2P (and many
others although very good designs) are vulnerable to end to end
analysis, which ever way you cut it because of the way real time
protocols work you can detect hosts by whether they are online or not.
The UK government wants to log "Who talks to who, when and for how
long". Usually when Alice and Bob communicate they can see *who* is
communicating but because of encryption cannot read *what* is said, I
reckon we can do better than this, I recon we can deny them who is
talking to who aswell.
What makes a good network
o Encryption (without question) *hides what is sent*.
o Protocal obfuscation, this actually proves to be quite difficult in
practice and now it appears they are also copying our protocals to
trick and probe our software aswell. *hides protocal /software used*
o Connection redundancy, multiple hops to hide the real source. *hides
who is sending and where data is going*
o Traffic redundancy, cover data to hide when or even if actual data
is sent. *hides when, size and how long or even if data is sent*
o File/resource redundancy and caching, files stored in multiple
places to make it more resistant to churn, attack and failure (note:
DHTs are good, direct and scalable for storing stuff but it appears to
be quite difficult to hide stuff in DHTs, although I will encrypt
files with a key, im working to see if theres a solution to this). The
ideal here is that you are able to "hide" files in the DHT.
o Capacitance, ability of the network to store and time shift data.
An often lacking property, which could potentially destroy end to end
analysis. Like email systems store emails on a server until your
online to collect them, in this case data is stored in the network
itself, this disconnects the time the sender and reciever is online.
With the hypothetical network you can send to a person and make
requests *even* when the other person is offline unlike TCP/UDP which
only works when the host is online, the network stores the messages,
either you send the messages and they float in the network until the
other person comes online, they float in transit (may avoid legal
issues), or you upload files to the network, which the other person
can later download. This is totally different to how normal instant
TCP/UDP networks work and will require totally new and very careful
software design. Files are no longer stored on hosts, which protects
the uploading client. *careful time shifting and DHT use hides when a
user/host is online*.
Current designs
Tor provides Encryption, Protocal obfuscation, onion routing
 but no cover data. And because it uses the normal web and client/host
paradigm has no capacitance, file redundancy and is susceptible to the
client/host correlation attacks mentioned above. But it works great
for what it was designed for as an encrypted tunnel.
I2p has the same problems because it access's the client/host real
time web but I2P does additionally have the ability to use cover data
which is probably not implemented. Its probably only weakness is
clients/host could be correlated by if they are online or not.
Freenet does file redundancy and capacitance but only has weak side
effect onion routing. It occurs to me if Freenet had a HTTP proxy, and
a Tor exit was tunneled straight into Freenet it will solve all
problems at once as long as the junction was not logged/monitored.
I thought what if you connect to 5 peers, they connect to 5 excetera,
you transmit to all 5 once a second like a beacon, every packet is 2K
encrypted, every send the packets changes, every hop the packet changes,
it always looks different *even* if its the same data (I may also make
an option to wrap it all up to look like HTTP requests so it goes
through firewalls and DPI filters), in effect you are connected to
*everyone* on the network at once, they can see you talking to 5
peers, but they have no idea where the packets are really going,
traffic analysis is *impossible* (peer-peer comms can be monitored and
peers discovered by they know nothing about the real data
transmitted). Packets are encrypted peer to peer, between links, they
are also encrypted end to end. I will need to do prioritization so
communication data is sent first, and file transfers are less
important and queued. This has several advantageous and disadvantages,
low data transmission means it will be slow, it limits the data sent
but it also limits the data lost. It might also be possible to find
out where things are by how long (how many hops) it takes data to come
back, but with all the other data transmitted this may not be a problem.
The web is to much a client-server fixed location system (including
all its old TCP protocals HTTP, email, etc) in my opinion instead of
trying to send an encrypted tunnel through mud into mud, it needs to
be re-written from the ground up as an efficient peer-peer (probably
DHT) system. But at this time I cannot envision how Socks could be
re-written to accommodate such a better system or what the addressing
system would look like.
Where as the normal internet is direct and real time more like a TV
get it instantly, but is easy to track, the Mindware Satellite Network
is more like a mail order catalog send a request now pick it up later.
The Mindware Satellite Network will be more for communication than
file sharing, but the DHT could be used for both.
You will notice that my design does Encryption and cover traffic by
design and Protocal obfuscation and weak onion routing as a side effect.
I will also likely do onion routing by bouncing packets within the
network also.
Note: If we all used 2K random looking packets sent at a regular rate,
we could all be obfuscated just by all looking the same. Only problem
with this method is if they see 2K packets it would be a fair guess it
was peer to peer traffic they where looking at.
Completed work
I have completed my last project Lockbox2.0.0 Alpha which provides
transport independant, node to node encryption, a little like PGP but
uses symetric keys. and is now ready for testing.
I have a bunch of code already for my Satalite system:- encryption,
hashes, compression. And some modules that are nearly finished:-
coolcomm, http module, http programs.
Ive already coded Cool comm which I use as my Base layer, it provides
TCP or UDP peer to peer communication, packet sequencing and automatic
resending, attack protection (ignores everyone until they're
authenticated), authentication, link encryption (does not have diffie
yet or scalable authentication), IP and user blocking lists. I need to
add in a few new connection types, my new 2K encrypted packet object,
and I will make a connection type that first send a http header so it
looks like a http stream. It can do either UDP or TCP so TCP can
easily be turned off in case it turns out TCP is too vulnerable.
Needs finishing.
Not sure whether to have Cool comm running as a service, use DDE to
communicate with it and have a DLL api so other programs can create
and use comm connections directly, only problem is this might allow
attackers to attack the system more directly so not sure if this is a
good idea.
Done some socks code because I will likely do a Socks interface input
but it is not really designed for real time TCP/UDP.
I have working but incomplete http module works but need finishing, I
will need to finish it so I can finish my http client and server to
run over it (the server and client have no script functionality to
reduce attack vectors).
I have working but incomplete http client and server.
Current work
Im now working on designing and implementing the routing layer.
I plan on making the routing system accessible so other programs can
use the routing system. I would rather use a simple input like Socks
for programs to use, so normal programs can be easily interfaced with
it, however the system isn't really compatible end-end TCP, an onion
address variation is possible, so is UDP socks or I may use DLL access
instead (again not sure if this is a good idea due to attacks).
I am doing a test Kademilia program to do DHT routing and "object"
storage, I will probably store files, user identity's and domains
names (as in web site start pages) in the final DHT structure. So you
can request files and web pages and send to a users inbox at any time,
no single person is responsible for the DHT storage. DHT routing will
be a fast, efficient and a more or less direct way of getting packets
to destinations and I wont need to know where the destination is to
send, this is the faster method, but with this network structure it
will be "open" requiring at least one seedpeer in a fixed location and
*might* allow the adversary to easily find peers, this will be faster
but may not be most ideal way for hiding network nodes.
In progress.
I also plan on being able to use it in darknet mode, only connecting
to known trusted friends, I am currently working on how to do
efficient packet routing for darknet connections. I will also need the
algorithm to be adaptive if nodes are slow, or malicious nodes
deliberate drop packets such as byzantine attacks. I am currently
working on how this would be done so I can operate with both. It will
likely be something like Kademelia, adaptive darknet routing, and when
no other options available flooding. I thought packets once sent could
float in the network until the destination comes online, packets could
even be "intelligent" in that once sent they find there own way to the
Planned work
Once routing is coded upto a certain standard and I have an API I can
write apps on top of it. Not sure if I will do DHT storage as a
seperate app (maybe a piece by piece upload/downloader like bit
torrent, I wrote one just need to finish it but we'll see) or
integrated the DHT storage into the Satalite code see how it turns out.
I will need to make the system so it will still work for Low-ID users
and run on slow connections (I connect from a tethered mobile and
apparently can only connect out). The good thing about Tor is it still
works for me and in fact probably makes my connection faster and more
reliable most of the time.
I may make an entry socks server and exit node for it but its not
really meant for that and I dont how to do SSL at the moment.
I will also likely use UDP IP spoofing to hide the source of UDP
packets, good for hiding Dos attacks but I thought it could also be
used to hide communications aswell, but I assume this will likely not
be an option in the future when firewalls get better at stopping them.
Im aiming to have written as much of the code myself as possible, its
all written in Delphi2 Im currently using Dave Burtons encryption and
hashing code and Rudy an encryption I wrote. right now I cannot do and
will need these for the final project (mainly cos I write my own code
and I cant figure out how they work or I cant find any code for it on
the net):-
o Diffie-hellman.
o RSA/El gamel public key encryption. (these will be pretty essential)
o I can do Http but not SSL at the moment.
o I dont have land line internet Once I got something that works I
will also need someone on a fixed IP/domain to host a seednode for me
so I can test it and people can boot into my network.
Its just me working on this, not sure if I will finish this project
but I will just keep working on it til I have something that works.
Anyone interested email me.
Comments/Feedback welcome.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-19 22:24:41
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Free speech and good news Obama rolls back the NSA 
Hash: SHA512
Look up UK child stealing and gagging orders you can be thrown in jail
for telling people about the governments corruption, child stealing
and gagging orders, 91,000 children in care, 900 children taken a
month and the benevalent Cameron wants it to be 1000, and they're
trying to keep all this as quiet as possible.
Remember David Wakefield, Edward Snowden, the hundreds of parents
shouting through mega phones because the governments unlawfully stole
there children who you dont hear about because the governments made it
illegal (and im sure many others) so for the record you *can* be
thrown in jail for saying the wrong thing.
I know they dont break down your door, beat you up and throw you in
jail as general practice at the moment, but I think thats more to do
A. They cannot prove its me (love Tor).
B. Fact you arnt a politically interesting target (they seem to ignore
real threats like the Boston bombers who where actually on the watch
list), or...
C. because of there inability to process the vast amount of data than
the fact they aint watching.
Im just worried about the day when they can process it efficiently and
they do start breaking down doors and they use everything they've
recorded against you, or worst dont even bother giving you a trail at
all (and if you've had your kid stolen by them you will see how little
a corrupt, one sided trail administered by them is worth). You dont
have to go overboard but I think a healthy amount of skepticism and
paranoia is required for your own person safety.
Also good news Obama says hes rolling back the NSA (a bit), but then
again we all know everything they say is to manipulate us right? and
if we don't we should. The only reason hes doing it is because hes
been given no choice, its more to do with the EU than anything to do
with what we want.
The good news here is while hes saying it, he cant publicly be a
hypocrite and make Tor illegal, so Tor is safe for now.
(this doesn't exclude them banning it in the future)
And this doesn't stop him blocking, filtering, and shaping (or
recording) its traffic in secret and denying it either.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-20 01:54:49
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] UK child stealing (sorry its off topic but it is 
Hash: SHA512
Sorry writing isnt my strong suit.
A. The British government steal peoples children for no good reason.
According to "the law" if you dont have the mental, physical or
emotional capability to look after a child, they can legally take your
child and you wont get them back.
But in practice with a little bit of lying they can take any child
they like, for any reason they like, they have the power of god, and
are totally immune to the law. You are given a totally unfair trial
based entirely on hearsay and you lose by default.
B. The law allows them to throw you in jail if you tell people about it.
And I know a few people its happened to.
This truth needs to get out there and people do need to know about
this corruption. While the government can get away with it stuff like
this will just keep getting worse and so will the punishment for
talking about it.
I know its a little off topic but my point is if we care about our
self preservation *yes* we do need tools like Tor.
There are 91,000 children in care thats a lot for just one small
country like Britain. 900 children are taken a month, does anyone
actually imagine that there are *THAT MANY* child being abused? Mr
Cameron same as his predecessor wants the number to be 1000.
1/3 of girls in care are pregnant before they leave, 1/4 come out with
a criminal record.
This truth needs to come out, and its tools like Tor that enable it to
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-20 02:47:15
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Open source firewall. 
Hash: SHA512
Windows firewall is useless.
Someone should write an open source firewall, I found a couple of
pieces of open source firewall code but they where really poor (one of
them crashed my computer), and I found an open source program
PeerBlock to be used to stop anti-copyright company's targeting your
file sharing, by blocking there IP address's (in both directions).
Its fast, efficient and has hardly any footprint but if it was
actually a full firewall it would be awesome, I would rather use a
small efficient open source program like this that I know I can count on.
Such a piece of software would be a great security enhancement to Tor.
Even just a small program to block all outgoing traffic to stop
programs from accessing the internet directly (which would also stop
virus's and Trojans).
When I used it I was amazed to see how many IP address's get accessed
without my knowledge, and how many other IPs that tried to access my
computer (all strange port numbers probably virus, trojan programs).
The NSA must have a hell of a job cos they dont even know if any of
these access's where even you or not.
Does anyone actually trust any of the commercial firewalls?
And why would anyone pay for a large slow, piece of software that
probably doesn't do a good job anyway and might have back doors?
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-20 20:20:21
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Blocking outgoing traffic. 
Hash: SHA512
Britain is in breach of european human rights laws, and conventions
(they ignore article 8, but you will also notice article 8 says "you
have a right to found a family in accordance to local laws" so it
doesnt appear to offer any protection). The only way to beat them is
to have a long hard fight and take them to brussels for trial, just
because you cant get a fair trial at home.
...back to topic.
Peer block may have been a poorly chosen example, it was only an
example of what can be done at the low level in the network layers, I
dont advocate IP blocking as a good solution.
Firewall might not have been quite the right word I was looking for.
Im using windowsXP directly connected to the internet, only using a
Tor connection.
I just thought it would be nice to have all outgoing traffic except
Tor traffic blocked, so badly behaved programs would fail-safe instead
of being allowing to continue, it would also stop virus's/trojans and
if the blocking was done low in the network layer it would stop a lot
of phone home attacks even if it was the browser trying to do it.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-20 20:30:15
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Blocking outgoing traffic 2 
Hash: SHA512
My point is firewalls are designed to stop stuff coming in, to improve
security we need to stop stuff going out aswell.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-21 16:09:37
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Windows firewall [citation] 
Hash: SHA512
Programs can automatically add themselves to the windows firewall
found some code that does it here:-
Making useless against attacks from the inside.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-22 03:50:08
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Thanks for the feedback. 
Hash: SHA512
I get it now, basically running down a blind alley, into a dead end
then. Hence the reason why its 2012 and noones written a good one.
The network system is designed to get packets from A to B as fast as
possible, it was never ment to do stuff like hooking firewalls,
filters, ect, it was probably more of a after thought in the design,
so doing anything more than simple filtering is next to impossible
(and even that can be bypassed), so I get it not worth it.
Thanks for all the feedback.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-01-30 14:51:58
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Pluggable transports for other projects... 
Hash: SHA512
Bypassing DPI filters is a constantly evolving art form and entire
field of research all on its own, and just like encryption extremely
difficult to do well (check out bit torrent and emule obfuscation for
example, a nice effort but when scrutinized not particularily effective).
It would be nice if pluggable transports stenographic tunnels where
easily available for other projects to use also maybe with an easy
socks proxy interface like Tor uses or an api interface (dont know how
you have implemented it).
I am working on my own project but most of my effort is on getting the
core up and running, I could throw in some transformation but it isnt
going to be anywhere near as good as what Fornat Transforming
Encryption or stegotorus could provide. Its the same problem with most
programs getting over DPI firewalls is always gonna be a big problem.
If you could post a page about how it works and how to use it on you
site, specifically how to interface with it, it would be most helpful
for other developers.
TheMindwareGroup at gmail.com PGP: 0xf4b6586f

@_date: 2014-07-02 00:20:48
@_author: Baabaa Blacksheep 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bye from the Mindware group. 
Its been nice talking with you guys, I hope its been constructive.
Am busy coding my master piece, maybe one day in a few years time you
may see the Mindware Satellite network on the net as a major project.
I will be off radar for a while coding. I just don't have time to
dredge through loads of emails every day, I need to get constructive
work done.
Honor and respect to you guys, yes OK Tor does have some weakness's,
but apparently once put under the test its also extremely strong at
what it was designed to do, hiding you in the network. No one could
have possibly predicted what would happen in 2014! So what you
achieved is actually quite remarkable considering. Considering USA
decryption efforts have rendered pretty much all security on the net
useless, the fact some stuffs still standing is actually pretty
Keep up the good work guys!
Farewell for now...
Anyone wants me my email is: themindwaregroup at gmail.com
It will be kept available for the foreseeable future.

@_date: 2014-03-10 21:31:52
@_author: TheMindwareGroup 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Blacklists 
Call me pessimistic if you will but unfortunately censorship is
something the heavy weights that run the joint want, and since they
own the media and make the laws is something that isnt going to go away.
We dont own the internet either its theres, they created it, they paid
for it, we are just borrowing it which will soon become apparent, when
they want to block us all off the internet they will, but that aint
gonna happen for a while yet (I hope).
It has nothing to do with what we want, never has, never will, I dont
imagine having large numbers of us will change things either, take
when they made laws requiring all home growers to pesticide there
vegtables for example, they didnt care that it made half the country
outlaws, and they didnt care some of them disobeyed and got fined
either, they where quite happy to throw them in jail.
The only reason they are not publicly agreeing with censorship at the
moment is because public opinion is against them and they just got
publicly humiliated by the Snowden scandal, but once everyone's
forgotten about that and they figure out how to sell censorship as
some amazing cure all they will, until then all there nefarious
activity's will just be done in secret putting blocks in software and
in routers by default and other under handed tactics.
Having said that...
1) Many of us can slow the tide and make things very difficult for
them, something they would rather avoid, sometimes but not often to
the point of them giving up, but at the end of the day these people
have all the power, money and make the laws ultimately they get there
way. Remember there is a lot at steak, there ability to lie to the
masses and maintain propaganda superiority is a powerful tool (which is
what this is really all about) they aint just going to throw away
because we want privacy.
2) Business's have no interest in stopping Tor anyway persay as
pointed out it loses them money from potential interested customers,
so an open recommendation of good practice from a reputable group like
the EFF could work wonders. You should just treat anonymous people as
anonymous people and restrict there ability to cause damage
accordingly, if they want more access rights get an account and login.
3) We cannot stop them doing censorship its a pretty forgone
conclusion it isnt going away, but what we can do is change it from
the government choosing to the community standard (us) choosing. Not
particularly easy but there are ways of doing distributed voting systems.
