
@_date: 2007-02-26 06:01:39
@_author: Jon Doe 
@_subject: ISP controlling entry/exti ("Low-Resource Routing Attacks Against Anonymous Systems") 
nodes:  when Tor
on the same /16
that this is likely to
ISP (Same datacenter, same that they are next to each like that). They're in the same path in this isn't going to tell Alice Goverument ISP regarding the paper in from going entirely within the directory authorities identifying routers adversary. And this may be the be a good idea.
is the adversary, for of Government at ALL the ISPs (There time to time, some refuse, owns RELCOM, a major ISP.
Russia in the same circut. But it a good idea? Or is /16 know the location of US on to Iran - and we many different ISP's very well-funded).
your friends to run NSA and other branches of ripe's netname:, or look at real answer as I see it is setup 800 yourself and getting very expensive to be This is all true of course and the US government could
well be paying for around the globe Tor servers.
However, I believe this attack would be just as easily
committed by a globally distributed religious group with a single
country at the centre of the spy network.
The country I have in mind is Israel and international
jewery providing the Tor server spy network. Also, Israel could pipe
off all the international intelligence agency snoop data using
their moles within worlds military, security and police services.
Together with jewish ownership/control of many ISP's,
all of this data could all be pooled back in Israel to provide the
largest "global adversary" in the world. Of course, occasionally,
Israel could give the other intelligence agencies the odd tip here and
there, so as to keep in their good books.
Just imagine up to 75% (currently) of the tor server
nodes could be so easily be seen by Israel
How do you defend from such an adversary? (Thats a
question - I have no answer! If someone does please tell all!)
I expect I'll get some flak here, particularly from
jews, or other useful idiots who for one reason or another have been
duped into assisting them. So I'll provide some proof. Don't take
my word for it, see for yourself.
All of you gentiles who read this, should go to the
tor ortalk archive and look at the names of tor operators who posted on
this mail list.
Then check the posters surname as to whether its
jewish or not.
Here's some useful links for this...
  (good general list
- but you have to use your brain.
eg Gold = Old = Mold = Fold = Bold = Gould = Good =
Coward = Corn = Field = Hay = Straw think in terms of "sounds like"
(Gould = Gold), "spelt like" ([B,F,G,M]Old = Gold), "equivalent to"
(Good [as] = Gold) and "looks like" Gold [color of] = Corn = Hay = Straw
= Sand = Beaches (like Dingle Bay Sands in S.Ireland) = Celendine (a
yellow flower) = Butter = Buttercup (yellow flower), "trans-language"
Feld = Field = Felps = Philps = Phillips, "related to" Gold [color
of] = Corn [of] = Field[Feld] = Hay = Straw)
 (these are
nearly all jewish names but some are converts/married into/taken names
eg Wallace [originally Scottish], so beware, use your brain!)
Also, names to do with "prestige" (often valuable)
eg Royal family surnames like.. Windsor.
London, Paris, Berlin etc.
Expensive hotels, fabrics, furs, cars, wine, drinks,
the printing industry, the jewelery industry (from rings & watches
to pens), the fine china industry, fine art work and antiques, law giving
(eg Judge = Solomon = Wisdom = Wise = Salt[er] = [Al]Bright =
Shine), jewish biblical characters  (eg Sampson = Strong = Simpson),
Countries (eg England, Ireland, Welsh, German), wood, rivers etc eg
babbyling "Brook[s,ing]" = King Davids bloodline = Star[r] [of
Ok, so now you can do the numbers yourself.
My count is about 50-70% of the posters are jewish, or
of jewish origin.  If this is translated to % of tor servers
then that means about 50-70% are already run by jews!
And when they post that they have been attacked by
someone, like Mike Perry (pear champagne - upper class cider!) did (MITM
attack), you can bet your bottom dollar that they themselves are
carrying out such attacks!
The solution to MITM attacks is simple - 5 primary tor
servers who are in telephone/personal contact with each other! They
send each other large public keys on a regular basis. They then check
(random) portions of the keys out over the phone or in person. Enough to
be sure there is no MITM between them.
Then these servers publish public keys to a  further
15 secondary key servers who themselves are able to check some of the
keys over the phone or in person. This pretty much guarantees 2 more
layers of entry security.
1. Primary public key node
2. Secondary public key node.
3. Current system entry nodes.
Then all the primary and secondary servers publish
large public keys (a small list of) to both an internet web page (with save
key file to disk feature) and on the tor directory. So that you can
verify (by copying save to disk into torrc file) via other internet
access ports (eg internet cafe) when we first enter (or declare
re-entry) the tor network. This is not done every time we re-boot our pc
or re-connect tor, just when we first connect (or force a
[If necessary, phone numbers can be supplied for
persons in areas (eg just outside) where a know firewall adversary is
active eg China, so that a primary check can be made on their first entry
key (or declared re-entry) into the tor system.Obviously, it will take
more local volunteers to assist in this if its done! Though it is
not relevant to the core method]
Once a tor user or tor server have secured a genuine
public key upon first connection they then hand to each of the 5
primary and 15 secondary public key server nodes a short list of
public keys that can be used by any server to first contact them! This list
is published (and updated/rotation wise regularly), securely, to all
directory servers. They used in the first exchange with the usual tor
servers, they would have to be broken before a MITM attack was possible.
By updating and rotating keys regularly there would be little chance
of such an attack (although it might be possible on a random basis - but
extremely unlikely on a targeted attack). Anyone wishing to talk
to any tor node then gets one key (random) from one of the key
servers. Not all the key servers have to carry all the keys for all the tor
users, just a few are held by each and only SERVER node public keys are held
at ALL. Ordinary no server node users just get a public key from  of a
server (after initial MITM protect entry protection). Once this
occurs the directory list is downloaded (multiplely if necessary) and these
should have MITM free communication so should be genuine server keys.
Because of this MITM entry protection, ALL tor
communications will be To simply re-connect (not a forced re-connect) your
tor uses the previously stored directory list and link securely (no
MITM) to a key server for a new master key and then get a new list.
All that is now required is a few new setting in
1. List of check entry node keys pasted in (+ key node
node identity) - as obtained form your internet cafe or verified
(partly at random) over the phone.
2. A switch to specify how secure you want to initiate
a connection (and obtaining tor directory list from).
Trust Primary Key Servers only
Trust Primary & Secondary Key Servers only
Trust P & S initialized (first connected) server nodes
only -  No MITM defense (as is currently used)
Trust All Servers - No MITM defense (as is currently
used) - fall back if all else fails!
3. A switch to specify how secure you want your tor
circuit to be.
Trust P & S initialized (first connected) server nodes
Trust All Server - fall back if all else fails!
4. Specify list of Key server nodes to always use.
All 20 of the initialization (P&S) key servers must
have the following information supplied on tor.eff.org website.
1. Real (and verified) name of operator or
organization (with nominal op 2. Brief CV of the operator or description & location
of the organization & server
3. Country of operation.
4. No. of years operator has been running tor server
5. Verification that tor server is/is not
working/funded by or working out of a military or intelligence agency funded
6. Method of initialization public key checking being
carried out - eg phone, personal visit
7. Frequency of public key churn.
If anything here is too onerous then just pare it
down. It should at least have 5 Primary large key servers who can
guarantee they are not MITMd and a web site to independently download their
rotated public keys If tor finds it is unable to confirm this primary
servers public key in its initial directory then it should report "suspected
MITM", and a check list come up (not from the web, that gives the
show away) with further verification tests and places to contact for
Now that's room service!  Choose from over 150,000 hotels
in 45,000 destinations on Yahoo! Travel to find your fit.

@_date: 2007-02-26 07:05:39
@_author: Jon Doe 
@_subject: ISP controlling entry/exti ("Low-Resource Routing Attacks Against Anonymous Systems") 
sort of access IF their adversaries were actively
relying on TOR to communicate.
I am sure that the fear you create of  "terrorist
states" getting "this sort of access" will keep idiots running round on
their wheels in their cages forever, but intelligent people will see through
your ruse.
to TOR operators being Jewish seems tenuous to say the
least. Is YOUR last name Sagdiyev by any chance? ;-)
No, its ... a secret..
Just let the gentiles take a look for themselves, will
They don't need to be herded like sheep by jews.
Those you haven't managed to kill off, that still have
a brain, are netitiled to thinki for themselves! Even if they are
not up to the speed of their brighter ancestors who people like you
managed to slander, ruin and eventually kill off before they passed on much of
their IQ genes on to the next generation.
I am sure you know all about Borat he's a jewish
Trojan horse, taking on the persona of the "despised enemy" of jewery, only to
ridicule it! Oh and if there are any gentiles out there who in any way
think they can strike a "deal" with these fiends, then think again.
Take a look a the biblical, middle-east, near-east and N. Africa.
Egypt - save the jews bacon then were ruined by them.
Palestine - annexed by them
Jordan - annexed by them
Lebanon - annexed by them
Syria - annexed by them
Babylon (Iraq) - take as slaves and then ruined by
Persia (Iran) - infiltrated and ruined by them
Read the old testament bible its all in their. Pure
poison! Notice the way ALL their neighbors are said to be EVIL. What do
you think they say about YOU!
Today these great nations are ruined, drained of
natural resources and have little technology. Dead since the jews pulled out
and moved to the greener pastures of Europe.
These nations only hope was their oil. Now they don't
have that even.
Then they followed that with..
Rome - infiltrated and ruined by them
Turkey - infiltrated and ruined by them
etc etc...
Do some work people, don't trust me, and dont trust
someone who comes on and tells you not to bother.
Save your bacon, before its too late!
Anti-semitic? hell no
Anti-jewish? hell yes, after what I've seen I'd have
to be a complete twat not to be! Looking for earth-friendly autos? Browse Top Cars by "Green Rating" at Yahoo! Autos' Green Center.

@_date: 2007-02-26 08:27:59
@_author: Jon Doe 
@_subject: ISP controlling entry/exti ("Low-Resource Routing Attacks Against Anonymous Systems") 
accepted to meet the description of a 'terrorist
state' by the likes of Amnesty International and
others - my own opinion isnt really relevant.
Well your word were "plenty of terrorist states" not
"plenty of terrorist state"  which makes no sense.
So you weren't referring to Israel. So dont try to
change your storyline say though.
Well thats a surprise. (err sarcasm)
with his creator.
Please don't split hairs, it only creates muddy the
water, is that why you did that?.
I know exactly what I'm talking about. I am one (jew
that is). By pusing the line "blame zionism" jews are just creating a
"bail out" clause for themselves if everything blows up in their face.
People should read the on line UK Guardian paper's
forum, if they want to check it out.
2 weeks ago a prominent jew stated on that forum to
discussions over zionists that 98% of all jews are zionists! That near
as damn it all of them. So there's no need to distinguish.
And also "zionists" includes some non-jewish groups
who have been duped into supporting zionism. Once they realize the
deception they wont be "zionists" anymore.
So once again, you are splitting hairs, more mud.
Gentiles must face up and bite the bullet. They are
going to have to be proud be anti-jewish to survive. We can all  talk
about and discuss methods once gentiles have control of the world back
in their own hands.
We can make sure that interrogation, prosecution and
sentencing does not turn into persecution.
We can video, document and digitize it all for
posterity and be judged by our peers for all our actions. The fish are biting. Get more visitors on your site using Yahoo! Search Marketing.

@_date: 2007-01-05 06:20:15
@_author: Jon Doe 
@_subject: Good reasons to use Tor etc. 
are not annoying,
your identity.
like, they drag him away, again, he's just gone.
government killing your friend, you'd like to not be killed NATO countries and yesterays more advanced and government todays fascist NATO-regimes. arrogant that they - unlike for speaking out against would like to know of
nations. If you
International or call a reporter.
or question and believe reality shown on there are huge amounts of all of you working
Its a nice idea to think that Amnesty International
would be willing or is even able to assist persons being persecuted around
the world as I believe Xian do (sorry if I am wrong) was hinting at.
I believe that he was pointing to the Zionist
dictatorship that rules the world.
My apologies for being so "politically incorrect" but
its a sad fact that often goes unstated. (I expect howls of
anti-semite, wacko, racist, fascist and the likes but I can assure you I am
neither - how could a jew be accused of such things?).
Was "George Shaffer" being objective in his reply or
was his reply just a spoiler by a jew? Shaffer is a German/Swiss jewish
name is it not?
Indeed, have the zionists taken over tor (so as to spy
on gentiles via a huge number of exit servers) and or-talk (so as to
silence any  gentile  You see, your interest in protecting people for from
torture or even gathering data on the subject is really not very
helpful when thousands of gentiles are being exterminated by zionists around
the nato countries every year. This extermination, which is a form of
reverse-eugenics (selecting outr the "good" genes), targets very high
IQ gentiles. I myself became a target at 16 when they discovered my
200  IQ. By dumbing down the gentile they obtain a low IQ, easily duped,
work force of essentially slaves. This way, they also get rid of any
potential enemies "would you kill Hitler before he came to power?", or
before he was born? or before he reached adulthood? or before he had
children?  ie as soon a they are identified a potential threat.
The MENSA societies, and school IQ testing of the
world are used to identify their victims and really high IQ gentile
results are downgraded to hide the fact from other gentiles who may be
If they reach adulthood these "intelligentiles" find
they are slandered and attacked on a daily basis. They are even set up by
jews who feed them a story (usually about jewish lies and
corruption) so they later re-tell this story to their friends. Sooner or later
they have a reason to call them "racist, anti-Semite, facist etc. That
when the gullible gentiles start up action as well.
Instead of these intelligentiles leading the gentiles
they end up out of work, homeless, familyless, penniless and many live on
the streets. If they do survive and have children then their family
will be targeted for as many generations as it takes to extinct the genetic
link to intelligence.
Sadly, most organizations, such as Amnesty
International (AI), are controlled by zionists. I believe that is in fact the
case for AI.
So what would be the point in telling you they tried
to murder my 2 month daughter as while back and that last year they
tried again? And that I have not been able to obtain employment in 5
years because of their practice of intelligentile extermination? Even
though I am highly qualified, highly talented and (was) well experienced.
That I have come close to death on more than 20 occasions in the last
10 years by their hands? The last was an attempt to run me over in my
own drive-way (Dec2006).
I guess there would be no point...so..
Will I go back out onto the streets again if they
manage to stop my wife from working and we end up separating? Will I then
commit suicide or will one of their "street" killers/abductors get me
and I'll never be seen again? Will I end up in jail on trumped up
charges and be "suicided"?
Who knows... but more importantly.. who will care?
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
