
@_date: 2014-08-08 02:03:45
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Police arrest 
Hash: SHA1
For those aware of my history, I have been informed of the case and
working on it with some contacts and will be in touch with the parties
concerned to arrange some connections on the affair.
(Just needed to send this out as I've had 9 emails about it today
asking me if I can help)
- -T

@_date: 2014-08-11 17:07:24
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Police arrest 
Hash: SHA1
Want to see something even sadder? Read the below from section 50
("Anomymity") to 54:

@_date: 2014-08-22 15:54:39
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Third-parties tracking me on Tor 
Hash: SHA1
To me your issues sounds like an endpoint security problem, not Tor.
People don't just break the anonymity Tor provides and then just
comment on the cat pictures you are looking at on the internet, they
usually sell it where there is good money offered or report it back
and have it fixed by the tor developers.
I would make sure your system is free of malware or other local
snooping because what you've described would align in my mind with a
client-side problem, not something of the Tor network.

@_date: 2014-12-06 16:34:50
@_author: thomaswhite@riseup.net 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
Hey all,
Yes the mirrors  and  are both working but Compass is not yet configured (we'll get around to that soon, we're having some issues behind the scenes right now). The mirrors are permanent and on a high spec server so if there are ever issues with the primary services you can always rollover to those (or alternatively use those as the primary ones to take the bandwidth load off the Tor Project servers). Onionoo is also on the servers which is a copy of the official server (it hasn't been initialised from scratch yet) which is why it works even when the primary service is down (I've had a few emails asking how I made them work when the primary server is down, so hope that clears it up for Both myself and Karsten have access to the above mirrors so if they develop problems then either of us are available to look into it.

@_date: 2014-12-12 14:49:56
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and solidarity against online harassment 
Hash: SHA512
I can understand Tor supporting a policy of being against online
harassment etc, but is it appropriate for Tor Project to include
" on the official Twitter account?
For the record, feminism is the movement to fight inequality against
only women. A movement fighting the inequality of a single sex is not
something I want to be seen supporting or anywhere near it and it
never leads to peaceful or just outcomes.
I'd like to request due reconsideration is given about being seen as a
supporter of feminism as this is not only a difference, but a negation
and mockery of the concept of equality, especially for those among us
who have campaigned for mens rights in other areas too. I'm already
aware several senior figures of Tor are involved in areas of Women's
Rights and this is to be applauded, but the distinction must be drawn
between a tool which enables people to express and protect their
rights versus supporting a movement based solely on the promotion of a
single direction of inequality they like to call "The Patriarchy".
- -T
Roger Dingledine:

@_date: 2014-12-12 16:07:18
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and solidarity against online harassment 
Hash: SHA512
'to...establish...equal...rights for women'
That is enough to determine the ideology right there. I am for the
rights of everyone and if you've ever had a debate with feminist
groups as I have for the past 5 years, you'll see their colours aren't
quite so clear cut. Ask the leading feminist movements for their
opinions on reproductive rights, child custody, prison sentencing,
jury bias, welfare systems (pensions and benefits), suicide rates,
cancer research funding, genital mutilation, legal resource
provisioning, charity resource provisioning,  etc and the topic
becoming uneasy for them quite quickly.
Anything addressing only the rights of a specific group or calling for
"equality" for a single group don't want equality, they want equality
just for that group which isn't equality at all.
To quote the ever reliable Wikipedia, in full: "Patriarchy is a social
system in which: males hold primary power; males predominate in roles
of political leadership, moral authority, social privilege and control
of property; and, in the domain of the family, fathers or
father-figures hold authority over women and children. It implies the
institutions of male domination and entails female subordination. Many
patriarchal societies are also patrilineal, meaning that property and
title are inherited by the male lineage."

@_date: 2014-12-15 01:14:18
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Mirrors now available over Hidden Services 
Hash: SHA512
I'm happy to announce that both my Globe and Atlas mirrors are now
available as a hidden service for all those who prefer end-to-end
encryption over Tor!
Atlas: Globe: Unfortunately due to some issues with Compass we haven't launched that
one yet, but it will be around shortly :)!
We will be seeking to obtain SSL certificates for both mirrors
shortly. In the event the primary sites go down (ie
globe.torproject.org and atlas.torproject.org) both of these will
still be available. The backend for both of them are located on my
mirrors globe.thecthulhu.com and atlas.thecthulhu.com which run their
own Onionoo instance so remain unaffected by Onionoo outages on the
primary servers.
More hidden services projects to follow and if anyone has anything
else they would like me to mirror or provide a hidden service for then
just pop me an email!
- -T

@_date: 2014-12-15 01:44:57
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Mirrors now available over Hidden Services 
Hash: SHA512
Christian Gagneraud:
I've messaged Alec from Facebook who was the team leader for their
hidden service implementation. Hopefully I will get a pointer or some
advice from him. In lieu of that I will approach each of them and
state my case, try to build some rapport etc. It probably is not going
to be a straightforward process and I didn't really expect it to be,
but if it works then it is one more step of integrating hidden
services to the masses when major tech bodies begin to recognise their
legitimacy among regular "clearnet" sites.
- -T

@_date: 2014-12-15 10:43:38
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Mirrors now available over Hidden Services 
Hash: SHA512
Ah yes, I should probably have spotted this part:
- -H "Host: onionoo.thecthulhu.com" -H "User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows
NT 6.1; rv:31.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/31.0" -H "Accept:
application/json, text/javascript, */*; q=0.01" -H "Accept-Language:
en-us,en;q=0.5" -H "Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate" -H "Referer:
 -H "Origin:
 -H "Connection: keep-alive" -H "Pragma:
no-cache" -H "Cache-Control: no-cache"
Not perfect but almost there!
- -T
Karsten Loesing:

@_date: 2014-12-20 16:40:11
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Including Adblock to TBB to save bandwith 
Hash: SHA512
Perhaps an internal fork of it could be made specifically for Tor to
make the black/whitelisting process accountable only to the interests
of anonymity and the Tor network. As I understand it, AdBlock
maintains a whitelist where providers can pay to be excluded from
their blockers and so it has a commercial interest which is
potentially very dangerous when combined with the factors already
- -T
Griffin Boyce:

@_date: 2014-12-21 00:00:12
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Possible upcoming attempts to disable the Tor network 
Hash: SHA512
- From what the post says, I am reading it simply as a forewarning that
something might happen to the dirauths, not as a guarantee in any way.
On that assumption, I'd have to say there isn't a lot of information
and that just because it goes past a certain date that we should all
drop our guard. Always remaining vigilant is the way we should be anyway.
Also the threat of Russian involvement sounds minimal. Given the
placement of the dirauths, without international co-operation (which
seems unlikely given the current political climate) I doubt they could
do much to the Tor network other than censor their own people.
- -T
RussiaTor at mail2tor.com:

@_date: 2014-12-21 20:17:23
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Warning: Do NOT use my mirrors/services until I have 
Hash: SHA512
Dear all,
Many of you by now are probably aware than I run a large exit node
cluster for the Tor network and run a collection of mirrors (also ones
available over hidden services).
Tonight there has been some unusual activity taking place and I have
now lost control of all servers under the ISP and my account has been
suspended. Having reviewed the last available information of the
sensors, the chassis of the servers was opened and an unknown USB
device was plugged in only 30-60 seconds before the connection was
broken. From experience I know this trend of activity is similar to
the protocol of sophisticated law enforcement who carry out a search
and seizure of running servers.
Until I have had the time and information available to review the
situation, I am strongly recommending my mirrors are not used under
any circumstances. If they come back online without a PGP signed
message from myself to further explain the situation, exercise extreme
caution and treat even any items delivered over TLS to be potentially
The mirrors in concern are:
I will do my best to keep this list updated on the situation as it
develops. If any of the mirrors or IPs do come back online, I would
welcome anyone who is capable of doing so checking for any malicious
code to ensure they are not used to deploy any kind of state
malware/attacks against users should my theory prove to be the case.
At this moment in time I am under no gagging orders or influence from
external parties/agencies. If no update is provided within 48 hours
you may draw your own conclusions.

@_date: 2014-12-21 20:44:01
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Warning: Do NOT use my mirrors/services until I have 
Hash: SHA512
I don't want to blacklist it right away. If it does need blacklisting
I will send it to the relevant list.
Damian Johnson:

@_date: 2014-12-21 20:55:03
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Warning: Do NOT use my mirrors/services until I have 
Hash: SHA512
Node fingerprints are as follows, please blacklist ASAP. Some servers
are accessible via their KVM again but not networked.
- -T
Runa A. Sandvik:

@_date: 2014-12-21 21:45:00
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Warning: Do NOT use my mirrors/services until I have 
Hash: SHA512
At this moment in time I have shut down the servers where I can to
preserve any information on the disks and will be getting backups as
soon as possible. I have scraped some logs together which I will sort
into some legible format when I can but I need to get a backup sent
out somewhere first just in the event I am raided or other issues arise.
The code on the mirrors does not appeared to have been altered but
those mirrors are on the same physical server as several relays and
are split into several virtual machines. I need to await my partner
who maintains that server before I want to do much more with it as he
is better placed to collect information given I do not have access to
my SSH keys right now.
Again I have to stress to everyone I have zero proof this is the work
of law enforcement, it could just be a datacenter staffer making some
kind of work screw up or checking something - I honestly don't know at
this point. However this is similar to what happened on a previous
raid at Snel which I raised in the Paris meeting in summer. (Pepjin
pop me an email please!)
- -T
Jacob Appelbaum:

@_date: 2014-12-21 23:54:32
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Warning: Do NOT use my mirrors/services until I have 
Hash: SHA512
Ok now the dust has settled a little, a few updates on the situation:
1. The likelihood of this being the work of law enforcement seems to
be lower than originally anticipated. This is good in many ways but
asks more questions than it solves right now. I am not going to
completely exclude the possibility of law enforcement involvement
though as there simply isn't enough information.
2. A large portion of our logs seem to be non-existent right now, I am
not sure how or why they have been cleared as this has not happened
before. When a bit of time has passed and I can be sure of no imminent
raid on my property I will look into the logs in more detail and share
them with people more qualified than myself to judge on the matter. If
appropriate we will then also look to make them public assuming there
are no consequences for doing so. Furthermore as the time & date of
some of the servers seem to have been skewed, what remaining info
there is may be unreliable.
3. The servers have been blacklisted and pose no danger to the Tor
network or the users of it. I will refrain from putting these servers
back online until a proper vetting and analysis of events has happened.
4. Support staff at the ISP have not yet commented on whether a
warrant has been executed for the servers. At this stage it isn't
possible to distinguish whether the person I talked to genuinely
doesn't know or they are being told to refrain from commenting at this
moment in time. Therefore I won't be drawing conclusions from that.
5. Support staff at the ISP have confirmed to me there has been
unauthorised access to my account. This could be down to the fact I
access the control panel often via Tor (yes, using TLS before anybody
asks), however it does raise the prospect of a non-LE person(s) being
behind this but does not explain why a chassis intrusion was detected
for example or anything else to do with on-board sensors.
6. No information was kept on the server in relation to users. We
follow the best practice guidelines on running a Tor server to reduce
any information stored on our hardware about the users of Tor. These
events in no way put users at risk who may have used our nodes in the
past or at the time the servers went offline.
7. Again, at this moment in time I am under no gagging orders or
unreasonably withholding information under orders.
8. Tor isn't broken. Stop panicking. The strength of Tor is that no
single party has the power to critically damage the network or to put
users at risk. If I believe I come across any such vulnerability, this
will be forwarded to the core developers immediately and patched.
9. One or two media groups/reps have contacted me. I appreciate your
interest in Tor and these recent events but I am not a representative
of Tor and I don't want to draw a conclusion right now as it would be
no more than mere speculation really. If anything significant develops
I am sure Tor Project will release the information in due course.

@_date: 2014-12-22 16:57:26
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Warning: Do NOT use my mirrors/services until I have 
Hash: SHA512
Hey all,
So after one crazy night, some more information is slowly coming to light.
1. Right now I am happy that whatever happened is not the result of a
seizure as access to the servers has now been restored to me.
2. The USB device is from the KVM according to the provider but given
the circumstances such information was collected under it isn't
possible to fully reference all the events before my initial mailing.
3. The DC has confirmed via Twitter that the servers were not
"accessed". Having been raided in the past I know indeed they can be
forced under Dutch law not to inform clients of raids, but I don't
feel this may be the case. With that being said, a chassis intrusion
indicator still must be addressed and I cannot find it in the logs
anymore. The DC company are not the people who I directly interact
with however so I am still awaiting a direct response form those we
host the server with.
4. i3D has provided a statement saying the USB device is the KVM,
whereas the host I rent directly from has said no USB device was in
the machine at the time. I haven't spoken in full yet to either party
so I can't know the full facts of their statements or if there is a
explanation for what seem conflicting statements. Somebody has
suggested to me that the KVM could appear as a USB device which would
make sense, but that right now is a theory and not a fact.
5. I am not in any way saying i3D or Snel are bad hosts. They have
been excellent with me so far and I know they do not hand over
information unless they are bound to by law. I cannot expect an
ISP/business to go beyond the law in defending their customers and so
I feel they are doing the best they can for their clients including
me. Indeed I have written a very positive review for my current ISP
some months back and I stand by that review, especially for any party
who wants to host their own Tor exit nodes on dedicated hardware.
6. The disappearance of logs such as bandwidth information so far has
not been solved. There is no obvious cause of this right now either
but I've decided to file it as a bug report with the ISP to get some
more information on the matter and see if any backups of it were stored.
7. Having had an email from my partner, he has confirmed nothing
sensitive was on the machines under his management. We are now
considering our options of re-launching the mirrors but for now we
will be keeping the exits offline. I should add at this point as arma
has pointed out previously there is only a little bit more information
that an adversary can gain from hijacking your relays than they could
watching the IXP for example and so even hijacking the servers, whilst
uncomfortable, in itself should not be enough to break a users'
anonymity or the safety of the network.
8. I haven't been raided yet so I have stored my spartan cape, shield
and spear back into the cupboard. I think I can let me guard down a
little more now.
9. Media: Please do not report this as a Tor network compromise. Those
severs held not just Tor stuff and the IPs/fingerprints were
blacklisted very quickly thanks to ioerror who I talked to privately
with what little information I had at the time. The blacklists were
precautionary and we had no evidence then it was actually compromised.
The reporting of suspicious circumstances and being proactive when it
comes to system security is very important, especially where there is
a responsibility to other users.
10. For all those people who I host stuff for over hidden services, I
have already moved all of your files to another ISP and securely
deleted the hard drives which were encrypted. That server does not
appear to have been as severely effected as others so I am pretty
confident nothing has fallen into the hands of a third party, but I
will issue fresh hidden service addresses as requested.
- -T

@_date: 2014-12-22 20:06:52
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Warning: Do NOT use my mirrors/services until I have 
Hash: SHA512
Brief update to the situation.
Having further investigated and followed up some information leads, we
(for now) are excluding direct law enforcement involvement in the
events of yesterday with my server cluster, but we do have further
information that something unusual was occurring. Until we've been
able to make the proper requests however we can't disclose what this
is without running the risk of prejudicing the investigation.
I have emailed some of the DirAuths to remove several nodes and IPs
from the blacklist that we feel confident have not been breached or
compromised in any way. Of course everyone should still ensure they
always use TLS when available and PGP encryption to prevent a single
point of failure!
Most/all of our mirrors should now also be online again. The hidden
service versions may be a little shaky at first as we are making some
changes to our Tor configurations, but nothing which should make them

@_date: 2014-12-22 23:16:19
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Possible upcoming attempts to disable the Tor network 
Hash: SHA512
Generally some criteria for DirAuths are people who are trusted by the
community, aren't raided very often/have legal troubles/could be
legally compromised, people with an extensive understanding of how Tor
works and people who can secure their systems from attacks. Remember
every time a dirauth is added or change IP a new tor version must be
released as they are hardcoded so it isn't a simple process to add a
new one, not to mention intra-dirauth communication and verification.
- -T
Tyler Durden:

@_date: 2014-12-26 18:52:54
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 3347 "lizardNSA" Relays on google cloud. 
Hash: SHA512
It is dangerous. I've run a cluster of exits for a long time and
people like myself and Moritz know the dangers of reducing the
diversity pool. Adding even a gigabit of exits to a single AS right
now is dangerous and I've consulted arma on the topic before who
agreed. Beyond 25% of the network is dangerous and higher than that
could cause serious anonymity implications.
As a correction too, you do not control 90% of the exit BW, you have a
potential of approximately that. If, what I only really described as a
Sybil attack continues (I can't judge if it is  malicious as there is
no evidence of that to my knowledge), it will harm the Tor network and
it does run the risk of getting a BadExit flag.
Also, if you want to contribute to Tor you are welcome to ask what to
do. Coming in, firing up huge B/W potential exits without blocking
certain ports and then associating it as a positive sign is to
misunderstand why the network is secure and can be very detrimental to
our cause. We can cope with double the bandwidth before those nodes
came online and we can certainly scale - me and Moritz, as well as
other groups who work on Tor in various ways do have plans should this
ever be required even on short notice.
By the way, I am not going to say exactly what it is on the mailing
list, but you've had an opsec facepalm on those relays and it can't be
removed once submitted to Onionoo and the other metric systems, but at
this point I imagine the FBI have already got a clone of all that data
anyway. As most of you are based in the US, you are already fucked so
you better get cleaning those hard drives and lawyer up buddy. The
tough persona doesn't work for "hacking" groups.
Journalists - use private emails please, this list isn't open game for
your requests and if you are asking for a Skype interview, you need to
go back to journalism 101 on protecting your sources.
- -T
lizards at riseup.net:

@_date: 2014-12-26 20:13:42
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 3347 "lizardNSA" Relays on google cloud. 
Hash: SHA512
I am not turning down "More bandwidth" in of itself. When a single
party controls too much of the network bandwidth they can launch a
sybil attack on the network to effectively deanonymise users. With
several ports such as SMTP still open, it will also be used for spam
and could really damage Tor's reputation.
Along with this, the MyFamily option prevents users from connecting
from a server group which is controlled by the same operator. This is
to prevent scenarios where a user uses a circuit controlled by a
single party (who can therefore deanonymise them by seeing the whole
connection). Without this set and controlling a large % of the
network, it creates a dangerous concoction of elements for users. Only
the relay operator can set the MyFamily option, the DirAuths etc can't
do it for them.
Fortunately their cluster has a very low % of weighting and right now,
I'm not too concern about it until it grows.
- -T
Soul Plane:

@_date: 2014-12-26 20:14:32
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] my exit nodes 1DEvinmtAHbYRdWBF5TuTXz7i2zMxncxUH 
Hash: SHA512
It shouldn't need to be said but I will do it anyway for the sake of
those not familiar with this list - Don't donate to the below address,
give it to people who know what they are doing like Tor Project, the
EFF, NoiseBridge, Torservers, DFRI etc.
- -T
devin bharath:

@_date: 2014-12-26 20:41:23
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Sybil Attack 
Hash: SHA512
There has been some worry about a possible Sybil attack on the Tor
network and a threat of deploying a 0 day once a Sybil has been
confirmed. The concerned relays right now are using then nickname
LizardNSA followed by random characters
As none of the Tor developers have yet responded to the matter, to
which my recommendation is assigned BadExit flags to all the new ones
with that naming scheme, I recommend just avoiding the US relays all
together at this point as that is where all their exits so far (to my
knowledge). To do that just put the following in your torrc
ExcludeNodes US
StrictNodes 1
There are other things you could do like manually specifying your
guard nodes but I don't want to start making such a recommendation
until somebody more knowledgable than I do comments with such a

@_date: 2014-12-27 02:11:22
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is there a representative of the LizardSquad on this 
Hash: SHA512
Well they wouldn't really be able to pull off a successful Sybil if
they tried. I mentioned this on my Twitter hours ago. A load of kids
using Google Cloud to run a script to basically set up, get registered
in the dir and then shut down & repeat. This floods the dir with
entries of their relays even though most of them are now offline.
They are just being a pain in the ass and inflating the dir size. Kids
will be kids and their attempted attack is simply wasting our time.
When they realised how little they knew of Tor and why they attack
didn't work, we see this backtracking attitude of "Oh no, it wasn't an
attack" bullshit :)
Virgil Griffith:

@_date: 2014-07-21 15:44:18
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor use metrics 
Hash: SHA1
Do you mean downloading the raw data behind the statistics or do you
mean if there is a way to exclude the botnet traffic from the general

@_date: 2014-07-21 16:43:01
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor use metrics 
Hash: SHA1
Just to add to Lunar, if it's raw data then be sure to check the
archives if you haven't already:
- -T

@_date: 2014-07-24 23:58:54
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd: Russia open procurement for report on 
Hash: SHA1
Anyone up for making a proposal for it, getting the money and then
donating it back to Tor Project to fix the exact idea you raised with
the money they just given you? That'd be a laugh!

@_date: 2014-10-03 14:04:29
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor in the media 
Hash: SHA1
That's worrying.
There are some strong ethical
We don't need the data. There are plenty of people who use Tor in
their daily lives to protect themselves, I am one of those people also.
The effect is the opposite, by only a handful using your relay it
makes it easier to deanonymise people.
Please let me know your relay fingerprint and I'll be sure to
blacklist it from my nodes.
- -T

@_date: 2014-10-07 20:19:39
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Another Tor is Possible, Kane/Ksec 
Hash: SHA1
Agreed with the below. I'll extract a paragraph:
1. Anonymity:
In order to introduce a revocable anonymity in Tor, in this paper, we
consider the revocation of the anonymity as the fact of showing the IP
address of the offender. The revocation of an anonymity in Tor must
obey some rules, because if it depends on only one entity, this one
could be blackmailed or victim of "legal", or illegal pressure.
What an absolutely sickening statement. I care not what the majority
believe. People have asked me why I support the Tor network when it
enables paedophiles, fraudsters, drug dealers, murderers etc to get
away with sickening crimes. My response is the same - freedom has to
be totally free and apply to everyone or it is not in any real sense
freedom. I do not support the Tor network because it helps me remain
anonymous, I support the tor network because through it everyone, no
matter how unpopular or revolting people view their actions, can have
the right to speak freely and debate issues which they would not dare
under their own name for fear of persecution.
What the majority think I couldn't care less.
- -T

@_date: 2014-10-13 02:03:23
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] GoodBadISPs revamp? 
Hash: SHA1
Keep the conversation on [tor-relays] so anyone who wants to
participate please reply on that side (cross posting is fine to let
people know but I feel it's best kept to relay operators since they
are the ones who are probably most knowledgeable about it).
- -T

@_date: 2014-10-22 09:46:40
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] monitoring tor relay traffic 
Hash: SHA1
Or a utility like nload can be used also. I am assuming by "monitor"
and "log" he is interested in bandwidth.
- -T

@_date: 2014-10-27 20:03:16
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
=?windows-1252?q?=28Alex_Biryukov_/_Ivan_Pustogarov_story=29?=
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
I didn't realise my nodes didn't allow the bitcoin port. I'll get
right on it.
Also, if anyone in the Tor community has spare capacity, you can also
setup a full bitcoin node on the same server you use as an
exit/relay/bridge and it doesn't take up a great deal of resources
other than disk space (16Gb I think right now and growing slowly). On
my series of exits there is also full bitcoin nodes accessible
exclusively over hidden services and others which are accessible over
regular clearnet.
- -T

@_date: 2014-10-31 12:41:05
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Facebook brute forcing hidden services 
Hash: SHA1
tl;dr You can now log into facebook via a Hidden Service.
- -T
So Facebook have managed to brute force a hidden service key for:

@_date: 2014-09-06 06:38:45
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] BBC Horizon: Inside the Dark Web 
Hash: SHA1
Well I shall keep this short.
"Jakey" is one of the reasons I am currently running 5Gbps of Tor
relays/exits, and without some of his talks I wouldn't be here right
now reading this. The current cost of my operations associated to Tor
(running relays, sponsoring others etc) is approximately 6,000 Euro
per month (and rising), not counting the time I have personally spent
on assisting where I can in Tor Project.
On top of this, the narrative of a person who genuinely understands
the issues at hand brings greater factual information to the public
who do not have a good grasp of it. Tor needs people who can appeal to
the public and get Mr and Mrs Average involved, the uninteresting
(assuming such a category exists in the eyes of those unfriendly to
anonymity) traffic through the Tor network is what protects those who
depend on it for their lives and for the purposes of freedom, privacy
and democracy.
So let's assume we could hire some "half drunk russian coders" instead
of Mr Appelbaum, I very much doubt me and many others who do what we
can financially and politically would be around right now.
- -T
[Apologies to everyone else having to read this trash, one needs to
let off some steam from time to time]
On 06/09/2014 05:24,

@_date: 2014-09-16 17:39:32
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor relay on home computer 
Clearly you have not been to the UK. Under US law that is known, it is
perfectly fine to run a relay both middle and exit, the same cannot be
said here in the UK unfortunately and I don't think this is at all
Having experienced more than my fair share of attacks from law
enforcement for running a huge Tor cluster from here in the UK, I can
say with great confidence people should be told what the risk is because
I doubt very much I am the only one who have experienced them, yet I may
be one of the few who speak out against them.

@_date: 2014-09-16 22:03:19
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Don't use sectoor 
Hash: SHA1
Note: I have excluded sectoor.de from this message
Public shaming of companies does work, there is a good/bad ISP list
below which can always be subtlely mentioned when communicating with ISPs:
However, I think it is a step in the wrong direction to start publicly
bring a support email into the public domain without discussing it
privately first. In addition, you didn't link this "public
information" part in your email to them. The problem of ISPs usually
is not that they don't like Tor, but most of the time they simply
don't understand it and approaching like this is not going to change
that. Instead, if this were me (and I have dealt with many, many
companies in the past) I would approach asking if they would consider
allowing Tor on the basis you could perhaps reach an agreement over
handling abuse issues for example. If that didn't work, even asking if
they would accept non-exits instead is at least a step in the right
If they don't move from their position, then it is always open to ask
tor-talk for assistance in convincing them or perhaps ask for advice
on what arguments you can use in persuading them. I have even offered
in the past (and this offer remains open btw) to assist in talking to
ISPs to change their policy. Some methods work, some don't, but
turning this into a you vs us scenario with an ISP won't work because
ultimately they don't give a shit about one customer unless that one
customer is bringing large amounts of revenue.
- -T

@_date: 2015-04-17 17:38:37
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Clarification of Tor's involvement with DARPA's Memex 
Hash: SHA1
So I was reading through the following article:
And there is some references to DARPA collaborating with some
developers from Tor Project. I'd like to ask the developers of Tor to
clarify what this involvement entails and why effort is being put
towards a LE tool instead of working on hiding Tor users through
improving anonymity or developing more circumvention based-tech.
Hope I don't come off as a Pando-type, but there is always going to be
a concern where Tor is involved with LE and it isn't out in the open
(to my knowledge) already.

@_date: 2015-04-17 20:57:21
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Clarification of Tor's involvement with DARPA's Memex 
Hash: SHA1
I'm in the UK and I can assure you, teaming up with good intentions
here with them will end with some of the devs in prison once their
favour for you turns. I speak from experience in this. Afaik my
position over the years has been the one of the things which made Tor
Project reach out to the UK government more since I am certainly not
an isolated case, myself and Mr Lewman did discuss this privately
earlier this year.
"However, they would not be willing to specifically advise LEAs on
ways to exploit limitations in the Tor software"
Exploiting does not include creating some private search engine or
methods of harvesting HS addresses. Perhaps because I do not hold good
relations with LE I might be beating a dead horse on this, but I don't
trust them with anything.

@_date: 2015-04-26 23:10:07
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Onionoo HS Added 
Earlier this week I was requested to add a hidden service address for
using my Onionoo backend, so it has now been added as requested:
(Original: If anything else is needed as a HS just let me know (literally just
throw ideas at me if you want, I'm open to getting HSs used much more)

@_date: 2015-08-10 22:31:08
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Crowdsourcing Tor Guides 
Hash: SHA1
As part of a project I am currently working on, I'm in need of a few
guides and ideas. I'm aware Tor has some pages for an idea like this
already, but me and a few others are going to be putting online a
small site dedicated to Tor usage and will convey, in as simple as
possible terms, how to put as many applications as possible through Tor.
The audience for something like this by the very nature of it, are
going to be non-technically minded folk, so transparent-proxying etc
is not the aim, nor at high-risk or life threatening situations
(plenty of disclaimers shall be present to highlight the risks of
misunderstanding this point). I am hoping to encourage more people who
have no real need for Tor, to start using it for the mundane stuff
like checking emails, chatting etc, and so push tor into wider
adoption (other technology like GPG, OTR etc will be covered too).
This of course might get people more interested in Tor, but also
provides security to the many users of Tor whom depend on it for their
lives. Who knows, some might even end up as relay operators one day.
If anyone has any links to good guides on using Tor with common
applications, do send them over to me off the email list. The existing
good guides I might be able to republish with permission in a nice,
easy to use central resource, or if I cannot directly republish I can
certainly write my own version for it. Outdated ones can then also be
updated, and add a place for people to request guides for applications
or uses not already covered. If you'd like to contribute to the
project, feel free to message me about what you'd be interest in
assisting with (contributions/corrections/updates to guides, or even
just a story about how you use Tor in your life personal or
professional, is greatly appreciated!).
Gathering the grassroots support of the wider population not only
helps Tor, but is the key to educating everyone on matters on privacy
and surveillance.
Thomas White

@_date: 2015-08-12 02:28:28
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] (no subject) 
Hash: SHA1
Does anyone in Tor want to name a price to get this task done? Can
then be followed by a match donation to be spent with on whatever you
wish once the multicore has been added.

@_date: 2015-08-12 14:16:04
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] (no subject) 
Hash: SHA1
$20 a month for a dedicated IP is a ripoff. My point here is actually
not about the cost of multicore being added as each user can rate
limit it to curb additional expense, but the cost of actually getting
the thing coded and implemented.
For relays, being able to make more use of available bandwidth would
vastly increase the network speed, furthermore make home clients see
an improvement in their daily Tor usage. It also benefits hidden
service people as they can then run their Tor processes on more than
one core and thus handle higher volumes of traffic.
As a disclaimer, I am of course asking since my company is going live
in the next few months. But of course, that is also where my funding
proposal is coming from.

@_date: 2015-08-13 11:23:33
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Multicore, bandwidth, relays, capacity, location 
Hash: SHA1
Totally agree on the fact. Most of the load is also placed onto exits
and I can certainly testify no matter how much bandwidth or CPU power
I gave the tor process as an exit with quite liberal exit policies, it
really ate it up and rarely had below 90% usage, let alone 50%.
Adding multicore would improve the speed of the network because it
means each relay can handle more load, thus is less likely to
bottleneck on CPU factors which is probably at exits, which I'd also
guess is where most of the latency resides. That would probably be a
good research point to add to the page of research options - to find
where the network choke points are and ways to reduce them.
Anyway this is another reason I am all in favour of hidden service
usage for tasks like updating the Tor browser over hidden services to
reduce exit node traffic and perhaps increase security with the end to
end encryption (yes yes I know the package signing key is checked on
clearnet download, I am just making a point for use).
Furthermore, we have other factors weighing in on the usage capacity
such as underweighted/measured relays, and I imagine there are lots of
non-guard or exit relays out there seeing only fractional volumes of
traffic too.
I think increasing the cryptographic strength of the network will also
increase cpu load, placing a higher degree of load on a CPU per packet
than before. If we are to upgrade any of the crypto behind Tor, I
think multicore should definitely be considered alongside it for
integration since at least on my exits, the CPU was always the
bottleneck and not the network.

@_date: 2015-08-20 07:04:26
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] M.Hearn adds privacy depriority to Bitcoin XT, 
Hash: SHA1
Aka he is being a bit of a twat. Nothing we didn't already know, see
the top comment:
I suspect he run the tor "exit" only allowing bitcoin transactions to
monitor them, fortunately the network won't treat it as an exit unless
he runs ports 80 and 443 afaik or some such combination.
I think we as a community need to give some kind of response. This
seems a very underhanded way of dealing with it, allegedly solving the
scalability problem with no mention that this is a proactive measure
against the libertarian roots and in some ways, parts of the reason
many users actually use bitcoin.
As a side and personal note, I think this falls right into the hands
of Tor's rebranding attempt of the "dark web" "dark net" "insert other
such term here". Attempting to add some kind of seperation is dividing
and trying to space Tor from these places where really, it won't ever
accomplish this as articles will always contain phrases like "Accessed
using the Tor browser". While I understand that from the view of
ensuring the continuity of government grants by being aware of public
perception of the project, it also I feel restricts how candidly Tor
can comment on the privacy ecosphere as a whole. Many attempts have
been made and still are being made to get places to be friendlier to
Tor users, and now this flies right in the face of these efforts. I'd
argue we as a community do not sit idly by but investigate ways to
raise awareness and object to this in the bitcoin community.
If Tor sought to do some kind of hard fork equivalent to block
bitcoin, everyone would be up in arms, so I hope the reverse can also
be true and that Tor Project doesn't get PR sensitive over people
screaming "BUT OMG YOU ARE SUPPORTING THE DARKNET". If those baffoons
come around, please do send them to somebody more diplomatic than me
as my patience only lasts so long once they choose to ignore facts
clearly stated in FAQs.

@_date: 2015-02-03 10:32:17
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Checksum Post 
I am pasting the following PGP signed message so a wide and verifiable
copy of it is available from several sources, so if the time must come
for it to be verified then it can be done. At this moment I can't
divulge what this is about other than Hidden Services. Please don't ask
me to expand further because I cannot at this time - I am just going on
the record with this now whilst I am at liberty to do so unrestrained.
And no, this isn't a "Tor is broken" doomsday sort of message, so don't
go into overdrive on conspiracy theories please. Tor itself is fine.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Please keep a copy of the following checksums for future use. I am not
at privilege at this moment to divulge anything further about what these
checksums may or may not verify other than to state they are a proof of
foreknowledge about events which are about to unfold. I hopefully will
never need to release these, but if I must it is crucial the
authenticity can be verified by as many people as possible. The context
of these and who it concerns at Tor hidden services.
On Twitter: On Twitter: At this moment (3rd Feb 2015) I am under no compulsion to write this
message and I have not been served any gag orders in relation to the
exact text above. Should for any reason I become unable to disclose the
above information myself, another person will step forward to do so.
Thus gagging orders aimed at myself, my legal team, my known associates
or any other form of restraint against me will not prevent the release
of this information. Should my enemies test my resolve on this matter -
you will fail.

@_date: 2015-02-13 07:15:03
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hidden Service (Nginx) setup guide 
Hash: SHA1
So earlier I noticed a journalist on Twitter asking for good guides on
setting up hidden services. After a quick search, nothing decent
really came up aimed at people new to the command line or who haven't
really configured hidden services before. So anyway, here is my
contribution to that field:
It isn't intended to be a hardening guide or an ultra secure way of
hosting, but it is for people who want to casually publish some static
HTML files or with a little extra configuration to host some applications.
Any feedback on this would be appreciated, as well as any other
suggestions on what I could write about to help people out. Making
hidden services more approachable and less "dark net" style should
make privacy preserving technologies like hidden services more
accepted and commonplace. And who wouldn't love that?

@_date: 2015-02-13 09:11:23
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hidden Service (Nginx) setup guide 
Hash: SHA1
That idea is very similar to the design of Whonix which I've used in
the past, but not ideal for a tiny VPS perhaps where the goal is to
make the site accessible via .onion. For sensitive publications, as I
tried to make clear, more steps are required and it is intended for
people who have a fresh VPS install and just want to get one running.
Perhaps I could follow up on the first post with more hardening
instructions for specific applications, measures to prevent ip leaks etc.

@_date: 2015-01-01 01:44:59
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Giving Hidden Services some love 
Hash: SHA512
As per Nick's post, I fully agree that hidden services do need some
work, but I imagine the vast majority of people on this list are not
skilled in the languages and areas required to do any kind of
technical reform to them. However, technical reform of them is only
one aspect.
I've been launching a few of my own hidden services recently with some
useful things such as Tor project mirrors, as well as my own
client-side encrypted file host/sync which I've currently got in
private beta (email me privately if you want to give it a test drive).
In order to make hidden services a bigger priority and to potentially
attract more funding from sponsors to Tor Project, I think we as a
community need to make better use of them. They are end to end
encryption, thus have held up very well against nation state attackers
like the NSA and GCHQ, and they do not require exits and that makes
use of the underutilised capacity of the non-exit relays in the network.
If anyone has any thoughts on what they would like to see as a hidden
service, I am all ears to suggestion. Whether you can build it or not
(so yeah, even if it is just an idea throw it at me) I'd love to know
what you want to see in hidden services.
One of the primary ideas in the works right now for myself is a shared
host environment which I and a few others are experimenting with ideas
for, but the premise is each person would be assigned a small virtual
machine and they could host Wordpress blogs for example, or whatever
else that would make people more comfortable using hidden services.
So to conclude - if you've got ideas, I'd love to hear them!
Happy new year all,

@_date: 2015-01-02 02:52:27
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Giving Hidden Services some love 
Hash: SHA512
To individuals - no. However that being said, I am currently working
with two CA's on getting them to set out a standard to adopt with the
other CAs since they cannot just issue a certificate without following
the guidance that the CA Forum sets out. Right now their main problem
is that there is no policy on it and so standardising the procedure is
required for any certificates with an expiry beyond November 2015.
I'll update this list when we have new information on the matter but I
don't expect an update until their next official policy meeting around
May I believe.
Feel free to improve on it, I based it off of emails I've sent in the
I've mentioned you directly as the initial author, let me know if you

@_date: 2015-01-02 06:26:34
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Giving Hidden Services some love 
Hash: SHA512
The whole CA system is a broken model in many ways yes, but that
doesn't mean we should totally disregard it. We can work with the CA's
to build up a standing as long as we don't forget that CA's are no
requirement to legitimacy. If a standard is set by the CA community
this paves the way to other pushes and can be seen as a credential
that this isn't some fad or "criminal" tool, but is a genuine and
useful tool in this day and age.
Re: setting up a CA. I done some research on this a while ago after
bouncing the idea around on IRC and the problem is the legal side of
things. It will be difficult for Mozilla to accept a CA who would only
sign for .onion certificates (there is no policy in place but it seems
the easiest route rather than applying for a full spectrum CA root
cert include). Even if any of the certificates are granted for that
org to become a CA you have considerations such as insurance (which I
do believe is a requirement). I mean it is certainly possible, but it
would require a huge amount of co-ordinated effort, a contact within
Mozilla, the proper technical and legal infrastructure etc. I am more
than happy to advise on such things with what research I have already
done, but right now I think petitioning the existing CA's who have
policy influence may be a better route.
Peter Tonoli:

@_date: 2015-01-02 08:42:38
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hidden Service Hosting (Free experimental offer) 
Hash: SHA512
Hey all,
So following my other mail, I just want to offer people on this
mailing list a chance to test something out before I go into the wider
public with it.
I have been reviewing some ways in which to offer "hosting" solutions
for hidden services, and although there are ways to do like regular
shared hosting environments by isolating users on an apache server for
example, I feel a little experimental way to give people more freedom
is to assign individual VPS's which are accessed via a separate .onion
over SSH. For example, the HS address would be example1*.onion but to
SSH into it, for security, would use a different address such as
sshaddress*.onion. This ensures no user of the service would know the
true IP of the server it is hosted on and allows for shared
environments without putting others at risk.
If anyone wants to test this out with me, I am offering the VPS for
free for a few weeks/months so I can get the architecture right and
fine tune the setup. All the traffic on the VPS is automatically
routed through Tor so IP leaks won't be a huge problem, but of course
you still maintain responsibility for the security of your machine and
whatever you install on it. The use cases are unlimited but for
obvious reasons it must be legal under British & Swedish law (feel
free to ask beforehand but if it is legal I will defend it to the best
of my ability).
If you'd like to take up this offer and try it out please email me
privately (my key is below). I ask that if you wish to request one,
please mention anything specific like RAM/CPU/Hard disk requirements
(no bandwidth limitations) so I can appropriately assign them. For now
unfortunately only debian installs will be available and nothing
except sshd will come preconfigured on the VPS so if you aren't
familiar with the command line on debian you may not find this useful.
Also any custom onion address you want please keep it to 7 characters
or below for now as my GPU is really on it's last limb after
generating over 1.4 million keys.
I offer no guarantees on the availability of this, nor do I take
responsibility for it, this is an entirely experimental project and I
am hoping any participants take up this offer to perhaps
mirror/reverse proxy their blogs, or of course bring any interesting
ideas to the table. All feedback on it is welcome too :)
Time to give these hidden services some lovin'

@_date: 2015-01-03 01:35:30
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hidden Service Hosting (Free experimental, offer) 
Hash: SHA512
Hi Larry,
No problem, best to email me privately (please use another title,
anything with [tor-talk] in the title is put into my mailing list
folder which gets hundreds of messages so I might not see it otherwise.
So far there has been a pretty decent take up of my offer, made a
couple of virtual machines today for a nice variety of use cases,
can't wait to see if more people come forward as I've got plenty of
hardware power left.
(again if anyone wants one, email me privately what specs you need and
I'll try to get it online within a few hours for you. Use something
other than [tor-talk] in the title please so it goes to the right folder.)
Larry Brandt:

@_date: 2015-01-03 02:29:43
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hidden Service Hosting (Free experimental, offer) 
Hash: SHA512
Very similar to the setup I have in terms of using one virtual machine
as a Tor gateway for others to connect to via an internal network. My
concern is how well the model will scale and whether it can hold
multiple high traffic hidden services. I am looking around the config
options to see what can be optimised etc.
Question to the tor devs: In the torrc when setting "NumEntryGuards
NUM", does this specify how many guards may be used simultaneously or
only how many from a pool may be rotated between? Any input on how to
speed up the connection (losing a little location anonymity is fine
right now) for hidden services would also be appreciated :)

@_date: 2015-01-17 14:41:35
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What relay does really help the TOR project? 
Hash: SHA512
One more point to note, please do not log or try to search for what
users are using your exit for. I run a lot of exits myself and I know
when starting out you can get curious, but it is a slippery road. If
you keep logs on the exit server of user activity, that will
demonstrate to the law a heightened responsibility for whatever occurs
on the server as it shows a monitoring system is in place. Not to
mention they could make an order to hand the logs over.
As a tldr, using Tor for porn is pretty normal for some parts of the
world, and I don't just mean in countries with dictator regimes. I
have spoken to somebody is still very much "in the closet" gay as he
is worried about his family finding out due to their religious beliefs
on such matters. That guy is in the US. It is the same for any use of
Tor really, there will be some who abuse it and many who would use it
for what we might see as non-interesting, but never underestimate the
power and influence of Tor. It has real world effects, people are
putting their lives on the line by leaking secrets, exposing
corruption, or even just for asking a question. My belief is firmly
that everyone has the right of free expression and to read uninhibited
by taboo or whatever laws might be in their country. That is a very
powerful statement and remember every time you run a relay, you are
helping those people stay safe. You may never meet them, but I have
met a few and I can assure you, they cannot express their gratitude
Finally, if you want to help improve Tor in other ways, use Tor. For
example, ioerror made a great addon for Mozilla Thunderbird called
TorBirdy which ensures all email traffic is routed through Tor.
Anonymity loves company so by using the Tor network you are not only
giving yourself a greater degree of privacy online, but helping those
who depend on Tor with their lives at stake.
Josef 'veloc1ty' Stautner:

@_date: 2015-07-08 15:07:49
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] OnionBalance Hidden Service has over 1 million 
Hash: SHA1
Just to expand on s7r's number, I just pulled the latest logs from the
servers and compiled a quick breakdown of the HTTP codes, bandwidth
etc for anyone interested:
HTTP Code: 200 (OK)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 690,400,220,422
Hits: 4,784,288
HTTP Code: 206 (Partial Content)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 5,202,918
Hits: 64
HTTP Code: 304 (Not Modified)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 52,059
Hits: 259
HTTP Code: 404 (Not Found)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 266,053
Hits: 611
HTTP Code: 403 (Forbidden)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 2,908
Hits: 7
HTTP Code: 408 (Request Timeout)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 0
Hits: 5,442
Total bandwidth usage (bytes): 690,405,744,360 (690 GB)
Total hits: 4,790,671
Not bad for a few days work guys!

@_date: 2015-07-08 20:05:01
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] OnionBalance Hidden Service has over 1 million 
Hash: SHA1
I wonder if the curl 000 codes match up against our 408 codes for a
timeout? So the connection was made, the request was about to be made
then the circuit failed? I'm not overly familiar with the precise
nature of curl or apache logging systems.

@_date: 2015-07-09 10:58:03
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] OnionBalance Hidden Service has over 1 million 
Hash: SHA1
304 is people visiting using the Tor browser where the data is cached,
304 just lets it know the cache data is still valid instead of
404 look like they might be either scanners or some cases, and in
other just look like random attempts to find pages. Here is an exampe:
127.0.0.1 - - [redacted redacted] "GET /id=123 HTTP/1.1" 404 432 "-"
"Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv: 31.0) Geck0/20100101 Firefox/31.0
(Tor Browser Bundle)"
Here is a 403 attempt to get the mod_status module in apache installs.
127.0.0.1 - - [redacted redacted] "GET /server-status HTTP/1.1" 403
402 "-" "-"
So afaik just people crawling to find details on the site or looking
if we have some vulnerability.

@_date: 2015-07-14 02:01:16
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] OnionBalance Hidden Service has over 1 million 
Hash: SHA1
s7r requested I post the second round of log breakdowns, here it is:
HTTP Code: 200 (OK)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 1,457,612,885,805
Hits: 10,116,575
HTTP Code: 206 (Partial Content RFC 7233)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 5,751,202
Hits: 73
HTTP Code: 304 (Not Modified)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 124,620
Hits: 620
HTTP Code: 404 (Not Found)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 285,185
Hits: 657
HTTP Code: 403 (Forbidden)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 2,908
Hits: 7
HTTP Code: 408 (Request Timeout)
Bandwidth used (bytes): 0
Hits: 11,205
Total bandwidth usage (bytes): 1,457,619,049,720 (1.457 TB)
Total hits: 10,129,137
The above figures do not match s7r's total due to the first set of log
files not being in the downloads, but it isn't a huge difference and
is in proportion to the previous results.

@_date: 2015-06-23 08:34:49
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bridges vs Guards 
Hash: SHA1
Are there any performance tradeoffs or differences between the use of
a regular guard node or the use of a bridge, assuming the hardware and
uplinks etc were identical and were controlled by myself for use in
high capacity hidden service clusters?

@_date: 2015-03-11 19:29:06
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Load Balancing/High Availability Hidden Services 
Hash: SHA1
I can talk all day about optimising and making a HS faster, but
nothing matches a DNS-round-robin pool for example in that respect.
Most optimisations you can make will be down to software you run and
splitting loads. So for example, if you have a high traffic site, you
can pan it out to 2-3 hidden services. So HS1 serves the general
requests, HS2 serves the static/cached content like images, and you
perhaps run the heavy downloads from HS3, so high load on any
particular one won't effect others and also split the web page loads
between several HS addresses and it won't be very noticeable to the user.
Use my XMPP (below in my signature) to get in touch if you want to
discuss in more detail. I have my own hidden service projects open
right now and in development to handle high loads so we can exchange
notes and release our info with others once we know what does and
doesn't work in each particular use case.

@_date: 2015-03-15 02:50:24
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Electrum Addresses 
Hash: SHA1
These were recently announced on the Tails mailing lists but thought
this list could also do with them for those who use Electrum and
prefer hidden services.
Ports: - 50001 TCP (plain-text)
       - 50002 SSL (self-signed certificate)
Ports: - 50001 TCP (plain-text)
       - 50002 SSL (self-signed certificate)
For anyone out there who hosts a full blockchain, be sure to set one
up yourself if you can. The more we have, the better we are protected
against some of the attacks already described:
I'll be pestering the Electrum developers soon and see if I can get
some of the .onion servers included by default when Tor is used.

@_date: 2015-05-17 20:31:58
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Making a Site Available as both a Hidden Service and 
Hash: SHA1
I think I suggested this a while ago regarding the update mechanism of
the Tor Browser to do it across a set of .onion's (perhaps hardcoded)
operated by Tor Project and maybe some mirrors by volunteers like
myself and Moritz. The signature check can be a double layer of
security but generally across .onions does make it all the better in
all aspects. Yes using a hidden service does increase overall network
load with the additional circuit length, but afaik using an onion will
avoid exits unless neccersary (please correct if I am wrong on this)
and really therefore only use the under-utilised smaller middle relays.
I already added a number of onions for my services which are
accessible and so pushing for others to do the same would be welcome
company. Renaming hidden services is all well and great, but so long
as illegal services are notorious with no legal services to challenge
that misconception, we're just beating around the bush. Alec has done
a great job with Facebook and so has Blockchain, but such a handful of
people like ourselves won't change much. Anyone with contacts within
Twitter or heck, even Disconnect/StartPage, would be great to patch
them through to here. In the mean time, I shall start petitioning a
few other outlets to add a hidden service to their available means of

@_date: 2015-05-28 03:37:27
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hidden Service Shared Hosting Platform 
Hash: SHA1
Hi all,
As some of you are aware, I am in the final stages of developing a
shared hosting service for hidden services. The priority and thought
behind the service is to enable people who aren't usually confident,
skilled or bothered to go through the process of creating their own
hidden service, thus outsourcing the development, deployment and
maintainance of such to a third party company like mine.
I was hoping to get some information from anybody who has a spare 10
minutes to complete the following survey:
(Please be aware, SurveyMonkey collect the IP address and user-agent
information for each completion of the form, so using Tor is of course
possible and recommended!)
All responses would be greatly appreciated. This project will be
raising funds as a for-profit company officially, but rest assured
much of the declared profits are destined for open source projects and
to help drive Tor hidden services into the mainstream. Thus whilst
this is a call for information for a commercial entity that I own,
please keep in mind my drive to support Tor and activist activities
are in no way hindered by this development. If anything, it will raise
the funds available to me to continue this work.
If anyone has any questions regarding any part of the project, do let
me know (preferably private if it has no relavence to this mailing
list) and I'll do my best to answer.

@_date: 2015-05-28 16:10:41
@_author: Thomas White 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hidden Service Shared Hosting Platform 
Hash: SHA1
Hi Moritz,
Payments are already covered. Accepting bitcoin is the first platform
to look to, as well as Darkcoin possibly, but that only provides a
pseudo-anonymous means of security. Instead payments will be
tokenised, so that a person without needing to login may purchase a
token, which is stored as a hash on the database. A user can then
redeem any token to add credit to their account, but no log of whom
the token was redeemed by would be kept, nor would I be able to see
what tokens any individual account has used, therefore even using a
tracable means of payment like a debit card, I could not associate
that payment to a particular account or person using the system.
Regarding what is hosted, I feel getting too complex on the matter
will open up insecurities in some ways and would require significantly
more investment (thus more cost) and probably confuse the heck out of
people wanting to use it. My personal policy, which will be
transferred into the business policy, is never to hand over data
unless I am legally obliged to. For a warrant to be served in the UK,
there must be a degree of proof that I host the site concerned. As I
will not be publishing how many customers I will have, or what sites I
serve, I owe no obligation to monitor or report domains under my
control without a court order to do so. I feel good technology will
solve this problem, but I feel it is beyond my current capabilities to
design. So for now I am sticking to the one method I can rely on
against intrusive surveillance and law enforcement bullying: standing
my ground against every adversary and hold as little information on
customers as possible.
The big problem right now is the dispute I am having with tax
authorities. Under new EU VAT rules (VAT MOSS) I am required as a VAT
registered business to obtain 2 "proofs" of which country a client is
located in, so I can charge the correct rate of VAT. This is not a
privacy friendly regulation and whereas you can usually use just an IP
if no other source is available, I will not even have access to that
as a hidden service portal. Thus I am in the process of negotiating
and getting legal clarifications on the situation from the UK's
professional representing body for accountants.
So many battles to fight in this project, not to mention a new Tory
government to keep an eye on.
