
@_date: 2009-12-29 10:01:07
@_author: Tim Wilde 
@_subject: TOR and ISP 
That law requires providers to PRESERVE existing data after they receive
a SPECIFIC request for that data.  If they do not already have that
data, it does not mandate that they begin collecting it, nor does it
require any on-going data collection - merely preservation.  Please
don't spread FUD.  There are plenty of truly scary things under
consideration, we don't need fear-mongering over things that already
exist but aren't really that scary - because then the argument can be
made that the new stuff isn't all that scarier than the old stuff, and
boom, we've got truly scary laws in place.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2009-06-12 07:54:55
@_author: Tim Wilde 
@_subject: eliminating bogus port 43 exits 
Thanks for your continued analysis, this is interesting information.
However, the list of WHOIS servers you mentioned (and I snipped for
brevity) is by no means a complete set of "the legitimate WHOIS IP
addresses".  In fact, it's much much too small to draw any significant
conclusions, for at least two major reasons:
1) Any .com or .net WHOIS queries that hit whois.verisign-grs.com (aka
whois.internic.net in your list) with a legitimate domain name will
result in a referral to an individual registrar's WHOIS server, which
will often be followed by the client, and would not be allowed by your
exit policy.  There are potentially tens of thousands of these registrar
WHOIS servers out there.
2) Your list significantly excludes all ccTLD WHOIS servers.  While the
numbers of domains registered in ccTLDs are not significant compared to
.com/.net, their use is quite popular in a number of places,
particularly in some where Tor is also quite popular, ie Germany.
I'd be interested in seeing a comparison done with a more significantly
complete list.  I understand you feel very strongly about sampling the
contents of the traffic, and that's perfectly understandable and
appropriate, but it is probably the only way to actually make a firm
determination of how much of this exit traffic really is WHOIS, without
crafting a VERY large Exit policy.  It may be possible, with
appropriately engineered tools, to sample the traffic in a suitably
anonymous way but still draw some conclusions, perhaps by simply
attempting to determine if the TCP session involves mostly text or
binary data.  That may still be a bit too intrusive, so I suppose we
might just never know.
Given these shortcomings in the list, I definitely wouldn't suggest that
such a list be considered a "default", as you'll be blocking a
potentially significant amount of legitimate WHOIS traffic.
If you do attempt to dig up a more complete list of WHOIS servers, I'd
certainly be interested to see what you come up with, but of course
understand you're doing this all on your own time and dime, and would
never suggest that you're by any means obligated to do so. :)
Best Regards,

@_date: 2009-11-18 11:18:01
@_author: Tim Wilde 
@_subject: Reduce hops when privacy level allows to save Tor network 	bandwidth 
There's another relatively easy solution to the Analytics part - surf
with a plugin like Firefox's NoScript installed, and forbid
google-analytics.com from ever running scripts.  Boom, no more
analytics, I believe NoScript won't even allow Firefox to fetch the code
from the URL, so they don't even get the hit (note: I haven't actually
confirmed that part explicitly).  Plus you get a ton of other safety
benefits from browsing the web with scripting off by default, and the
various other nasty things like clickjacking and XSS that NoScript
attempts to block.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-05-08 19:47:49
@_author: Tim Wilde 
@_subject: opening up (exit policy) a bit ... 
They wouldn't only be exit connections, as many relays use 80/443 or
other combinations of those ports for their orport and dirport, to be
more accessible to users behind restrictive firewalls.  So if you're a
middle node or entry guard in a circuit you could still be making
outgoing connections out to other nodes on those ports.  But you'd
probably get an acceptable approximation anyway.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
