
@_date: 2015-03-02 19:31:21
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials are strongly opposed to 
I am giving everyone on this mailing list a heads-up regarding what I
have uncovered about the Gestapo government here in the United States
and why corrupt government officials are so strongly opposed to this Tor
I can prove I have become a target after I published information on my
tlbean.com website exposing the truth about the National Security
Agency's control mechanism that is being used to unlawfully monitor all
Internet and email activity. I have had my cellphones and Internet
equipment sabotaged repeatedly after exposing the truth about the NSA
and after I published Tor-powered PrivacyGuard shell scripts on my website.
On 12/29/2014 I submitted a report to a detective about my findings
regarding foxnews.com. In my report I allege that News Corp and 21st
Century Fox are simply a guise for a government controlled propaganda
machine. I allege this based on evidence that I am bombarded by
threatening news articles and coercive pop-up ads through foxnews.com
anytime I submit a report about the NSA's control mechanism and their
psychological warfare program. These threats of coercion are directed
towards me personally based on my telephone conversations and email. I
uncovered very unique information published in news articles through
foxnews.com based on my own personal email and telephone conversations
without my permission! Foxnews.com were able to direct coercive,
threatening news articles and pop-up ads towards me personally based on
my IP address until I started using Tor!
After I investigated this extensively and figured out what was
happening, I spoke to a detective and stated that I want Rupert Murdoch,
executive chairman of News Corp and chairman of 21st Century Fox,
interrogated extensively regarding this scandal. I stated to the
detective I spoke with that Tor is a huge threat to News Corp's and 21st
Century Fox's control mechanism. Just within a few days of asking for
Rupert Murdoch to be interrogated, foxnews.com started blocking Tor!
Take a look at what my extensive detective work has uncovered:
Open this URL in a Tor-powered web browser:  News
Corp and 21st Century Fox now realize Tor prevents them from feeding
citizens coercive news articles and pop-up ads based on their IP address
and are now blocking Tor as a result of my report.
The United States Senate started blocking Tor at the exact same time!
Open this URL in a second tab of your Tor-powered web browser:
 This shady
character Senator Orrin Hatch standing next to former NSA deputy
director Chris Inglis, with a shovel in his hand, broke ground for the
NSA's new data center in the state of Utah. This super-high-capacity
data center now gives the NSA the ability to store every citizen's
email, Internet activity, telephone conversations, and encrypted files
indefinitely until the NSA's supercomputers crack the encryption. The
NSA have made a revolutionary breakthrough in decrypting high-grade
encryption in a very short period of time.
Open this URL in a third tab of your Tor-powered web browser:
 The
United States Postal Service, another arm of this corrupt Gestapo
government, started blocking Tor at the exact same time for the same reason!
Please note that when testing the URL
 or any other
corrupt U.S. senator's contact page, you may have to use Vidalia to
switch to a new identity multiple times until it lands on a blacklisted
Tor server. For some reason, members of the United States Senate have
their contact page unavailable for only certain Tor servers, and yet
Foxnews and USPS appear to be using a much wider spectrum of blacklisted
What is interesting about my detective work I conducted is that you will
notice from the "Access Denied" warning and reference # you receive when
your Tor-powered web browser tries to render the above mentioned web
pages, this indicates the exact same Tor-blocking software is being used
to power foxnews.com, usps.com, and senate.gov. This proves my point
that News Corp and 21st Century Fox are most definitely mysteriously
controlled by the United States Gestapo government.
This same thing happened after I started advertising my Tor-powered
PrivacyGuard shell scripts on craigslist.org. My PrivacyGuard ads were
immediately banned and then Craigslist started blocking Tor anonymity
protection as well, even though this took place months prior to the
above mentioned Tor blocking mechanism. Craigslist appear to be using
different Tor blocking software than what foxnews.com, usps.com, and
senate.gov are using.
Immediately after I published my first draft of PrivacyGuard in
September 2013, I can prove any of my Torified email I send to anyone
who is using a Microsoft Exchange server is classified as SPAM when sent
from Thunderbird with the TorBirdy add-on. I tested this out on multiple
Exchange servers and I get the same result. Microsoft are desperately
attempting to block email sent from anyone who uses TorBirdy.
The only advice I have for Tor developers is keep up the good work!
After I exposed the corrupt United States federal government for what
they are all about, now Tor is a huge threat to the Gestapo government's
control mechanism.
Sincerely, Travis Bean

@_date: 2015-03-03 00:45:54
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials are strongly 
The terminology "Gestapo" translates to seventeen different
organizations (
when referring to the corrupt United States government:
Army Intelligence: Central Intelligence Agency: Department of State: Air Force Intelligence: Coast Guard Intelligence: Defense Intelligence Agency: Department of Treasury: National Reconnaissance Office: Department of Homeland Security: Drug Enforcement Administration: Federal Bureau of Investigation: U.S. Navy, Naval Intelligence: National Geospatial Intelligence Agency: Office of the Director of National Intelligence: National Security Agency/Central Security Service: Department of Energy:
U.S. Marine Corps, Marine Corps Intelligence Activity:
Please do not insult me on this mailing list. Do you work for the
corrupt Gestapo government, or perhaps you are simply out of touch with
Kind Regards, Travis Bean

@_date: 2015-03-03 15:53:56
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials are strongly 
Your reply indicates the truth hurts! Let me take a guess, are you
another one of these demented, flag flying patriots (Army, Air Force,
Marines, Navy) who work for this corrupt United States government?

@_date: 2015-03-03 16:09:19
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials are strongly 
Just because certain government agencies, such as the U.S. State
Department that supply funding for Tor to help protect dissidents, does
not mean everyone affiliated with the U.S. government approve of this
Tor project.
When referring to "corrupt government officials", this includes a
handful who are abusing the NSA's Internet, phone, and email monitoring
PRISM program for their own personal profit and gain. This includes News
Corp and 21st Century Fox. This abuse of power goes one step beyond
using the NSA's PRISM program for unlawful, tailored advertising.

@_date: 2015-03-03 16:26:26
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials are strongly 
Your reply indicates you need a firm grounding in reality if you really
think the Israeli Mossad are out to get you.
The Intelligence Community (IC) as a whole (FBI, MI5, CIA, MI6,
Pakistan's ISI, etc.) always get my utmost respect, as I have worked
with them in the past on counter-terrorism cases. I have no toleration
for anyone in the IC who abuse their power and use the NSA's PRISM
program for their own personal gain. Abuse of power is exactly what my
investigation has uncovered.

@_date: 2015-03-03 22:50:18
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials are strongly 
I have worked with computer hardware and software systems for long
enough to know what the difference is between equipment failure and
sabotage. I can prove my Internet equipment was sabotaged immediately
after I first submitted my analysis to this tor-talk mailing list
yesterday. I had to reflash the corrupted firmware on my router to get
it to work again. My Internet connection was under denial-of-service
attack for a prolonged period of time afterwards where I could not make
a connection. This honestly happens every time I speak the truth
regarding the National Security Agency and corrupt government officials
who are abusing their power.
Someday in the not too distant future, those of you who live here in the
United States, who have been brainwashed into thinking this is a free
democracy, will find out the truth about what this corrupt government
are all about and will look elsewhere in the world to relocate. If I was
granted one wish, it would be that someone in another part of the world
would help me relocate away from this horribly oppressive regime that
are literally holding me hostage and turning anyone against me who I
appeal to for help.
Sincerely, Travis Bean

@_date: 2015-03-03 23:43:42
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials are strongly 
Anyone who is from the UK should know a thing or two about this
scoundrel Rupert Murdoch who runs News Corp and 21st Century Fox. The
MI5 and FBI have already opened up investigations against his companies,
including the News of the World, owned by News Corporation regarding
hacking the phones of celebrities, royalty, and public citizens, as well
as bribery and corruption of government officials. Murdoch was
successful at getting Prime Minister David Cameron wrapped around his
finger, and it is not with kilos of coincidence is how this snake pulled
this off.
Murdoch gave Cameron a personal guarantee that there would be no risk in
hiring Andy Coulson, the former editor of News of the World, as the
Conservative Party's communication director in 2007. This hiring took
place in spite of Coulson having resigned as editor over an unlawful
phone hacking scandal. Cameron took Murdoch's advice, despite warnings

@_date: 2015-03-04 23:53:04
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials are strongly 
It seems highly suspicious that those of you on this mailing list, who
continue to make this out to be something other than the original post,
are all mysteriously in the same boat with this scoundrel Rupert Murdoch.
It is a well known fact that the NSA specifically target individuals who
are dissidents working to expose the corruption within the NSA's vile
organization, along with exposing their drug dealing partners in crime
who already had the majority wrapped around their finger with kilos of
dope even before they won the majority of the vote. I am subjected to a
denial-of-service attack only when I send an email or talk over the
telephone regarding exposing the NSA's crime ring for what they are all
Police reports regarding NSA sabotage were filed recently with Europol
and Interpol personnel to have processed by the ICC and/or ICJ at The
Hague. Why would I go to the bother of filing police reports if this was
all make believe??? FYI, it is against the law to make things up to get
attention in police reports, especially regarding sabotage! It did not
take much detective work on my part to figure this out and prove this
fiasco is not a "conspiracy theory".
For future reference, it is highly inappropriate to insult someone on a
mailing list, especially when you read between the lines on my original
post and never bothered to test out the three URLs I gave you for
comparative Tor-blocking analysis. You stated in your above mentioned
rant that I write about "widely known digital surveillance and political
corruption". If this information is so widely known, then how can you
explain that the dots were not connected on this complex case until I
spoke with a detective just recently on 12/29/2014???
By the way, doesn't "Jonathan Wilkes" translate to British? Those of you
from the UK, who are in the same boat with this lying, conniving meth
dealer Rupert Murdoch, do not stop to think about something - your ship
is sunk!

@_date: 2015-03-05 04:15:57
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials are strongly 
When it comes to those of you from the UK, your bizarre "conspiracy
theory" rhetoric is starting to get just a tad bit too creepy and
indicates it is time to get a grip on reality.
Why are those of you from the UK of all places so desperate to discredit
me by the way?! When a citizen posts information for analysis that
proves foxnews.com, senate.gov, and usps.com are using the exact same
Tor-blocking software, and the timing that this software was installed
on the same three domains is not coincidental, how can you in your right
mind state that there is not a significant connection between these
three entities? Enough already!!!
Have you been smoking too much Indica from Afghanistan or something? Try
smoking 25%+ THC Delta 9 Sativa from South Africa next time - it will
help you maintain your focus where you do not read between the lines and
skip over important details regarding information analysis.
I find the hurtful insults and naive, foolish responses on this mailing
list up to this point to be very childish, and coming from individuals
who either are out of touch with reality, or perhaps spun on too much dope.
Good day, Travis Bean

@_date: 2015-03-05 04:56:42
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials are strongly 
This report on tor-talk
was posted just within a matter of days after I filed a report with a
detective and asked for Rupert Murdoch to be interrogated on 12/29/2014.
The window of time between 12/29/14 and 01/15/15 is too narrow for this
to be coincidence.

@_date: 2015-03-05 10:00:28
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials are strongly 
This was never meant to become a debate over a loosely knit "conspiracy
theory", or however you want to define information analysis regarding
unlawful Tor-blocking.
I do not like the language "conspiracy theory", as the evidence is clear
there is a connection between the same corrupt US and UK government
officials and executives at News Corp and 21st Century Fox. Remember,
those who control the media control the masses, therefore corrupt
government officials in both the US and UK, who are abusing their power,
use the media as a government run propaganda machine to sway public
opinion and control society in a very devious, unlawful manner. Corrupt
UK government officials still think they have control over the US,
therefore this is one of the many reasons why the US is not a free
democracy like naive citizens think it is.
It is not just a similar error message, the beginning digits on the
reference number prove it is the EXACT same software running on all
three domains. Perhaps those of you on this mailing list are not website
developers and have no computer software research and development
experience - this is obvious from the naive, insulting comments.
Yes, now you are finally seeing the light of day on this case. It is not
"bad behavior" software, such as parental control software we are
talking about here, neither is this Tor-blocking software being
installed on foxnews.com to prevent network abuse. This is UNLAWFUL
Tor-blocking, plain and simple, which is being used to prevent citizens
from circumventing false propaganda fed to them through pop-up ads and
tailored news articles directed towards them personally based on their
IP address. What this boils down to is unlawful manipulation of media
outlets to frighten, threaten, and coerce dissidents and control all
aspects of our society. It is obvious foxnews.com, senate.gov, and
usps.com did purchase the EXACT same Tor-blocking software from the same
How do you suppose these shady characters came to know each other
anyhow? Do you really think cellphone hacking executives tied to
foxnews.com, corrupt US senators tied to senate.gov, and shady mail
carriers tied to usps.com (moving bulk dope through the mail system)
just so happened to type "Tor-blocking software" into the same Google
search engine at the exact same time and up popped the download page for
the same point of contact? The odds of this happening are impossible.
Corrupt US senators and executives at USPS already had a shady
connection with Rupert Murdoch before a connection was made with website
developers who design and maintain foxnews.com, senate.gov, and usps.com.
Kind Regards, Travis Bean

@_date: 2015-03-05 11:36:02
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials blah blah bleh blah 
What the hell is wrong with you people on this mailing list?! Is this
insult coming from another psychopath in the United Kingdom? You know
something, I DO NOT have to put up with any further insults from anyone
on this damn mailing list. If I was the tor-talk moderator, every troll
who think they can flame and insult would all be automatically
unsubscribed and banned from this mailing list at this point!

@_date: 2015-03-07 11:01:24
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials blah blah bleh blah 
Hash: SHA1
Do those of you on this mailing list understand what you are posting?
For future reference, unless you know exactly what you are talking about
regarding software this or that, it is much better to refrain from any
naive comments all together. The majority on this website have zero
knowledge of software research and development and know absolutely
nothing when it comes to advanced computer security methodology.
The free software I have available on my website is simply an all-in-one
installer for automatic installation and configuration. Most people find
it too much work to locate the software themselves, install it, and then
configure all the parts they need for secure communication.
The developer(s) behind TorBrowserBundle are not the authority on
computer security. They may think installing vanilla Firefox with
Privoxy and Tor is not sufficient, but this is not a valid point. Linux
computer users find TorBrowserBundle to be unwieldy and completely
insufficient for meeting their needs regarding easy installation and
configuration of a secure communications system.
What I have for download on my website, especially the version for
Linux, makes it very simple for an individual with zero computer
knowledge to setup a high-security, military-grade communications system
in a matter of minutes. This takes hour on end for someone who is not
familiar with Linux and not an expert in computer security.
Kind Regards,
Travis L. Bean

@_date: 2015-03-07 12:58:28
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TorBrowserBundle 
It may seem simple for savvy Linux users to start a web browser from the
command line, but I am referring to MS Windows users who have asked me
to migrate them over to Linux. They want simplicity, such as
double-clicking a Firefox icon on their desktop and taskbar. I know
desktop icon graphics integration may in the works, but for the time
being, TorBrowserBundle is unfortunately unwieldy for unsavvy computer
Integrating the web browser into the operating system is essential for
automatic security updates. From a computer security standpoint, this is
what bothers me the most about the current Alpha phase that
TorBrowserBundle is in. If a web browser is not integrated with the OS
and is not kept up-to-date on a regular basis, this creates a HUGE
security hole for hackers to exploit the OS by finding a weakness in the
web browser and injecting malware into the HTTP stream.
Kind Regards,
Travis L. Bean

@_date: 2015-03-09 04:45:15
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials blah blah bleh blah 
Zenaan Harkness, you are being given fair warning! I suggest you stop
with the condescending B.S. while you are still ahead. You and your
cohorts from the UK will be subjected to a defamation lawsuit if you
keep it up. Any further B.S. from any wacko from the UK will be pursued
very vigorously. This include any further libelous statements from those
of you on this mailing list who have made threatening, derogatory,
libelous remarks towards me that will be prosecuted to the fullest
extent of the law!
Travis L. Bean

@_date: 2015-03-09 05:03:39
@_author: Travis Bean 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials blah blah bleh blah 
How many mailing lists has Zenaan Harkness been banned from by the
way?[1] How about the rest on this tor-talk list who are from the UK? I
want to know how many of them have a track record of trolling?
[1] Travis L. Bean
