
@_date: 2011-12-09 04:59:37
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Browser Bundle w Linux Packaging & TAILS 
I have a number of questions and requests for possible changes to the Tor
Browser Bundle.
Why is the current Tor Browser Bundle for Linux not available in the Tor
The reason I am asking is adding the Tor Browser Bundle to the repository
would ensure users have the latest Tor Browser Bundle and eliminate the
risk of a man in the middle attack. Most Tor users do not have the skills
needed to verify the downloads are genuine. On GNU/Linux adding the Tor
Browser Bundle to the repository would ensure the user need not know how
to verify each update as apt already does this. It would also ensures that
ALL security updates get installed ASAP rather than just the base
distribution packages without the user having to take additional steps.
Tails requires users to download a new disc each time an update is
released as well. Like the Tor Browser Bundle this too gives an attacker
more of an opportunity to compromise a Tor user.
Any additional effort / time required from the user is undoubtedly going
to reduce the number of Tor users and increase the dangers.
The second thing I was wondering relates to Tails. Why does Tails need to
be downloaded each time an update is released? If the goal is a read-only
medium there are newer methods to make writeable media read-only without
having to burn a new CD each time and update is released or reload a
lathe for instance is a script which creates a read-write update mode
using AUFS and a read-only boot mode.
I've been working on some of these issues for a long time.
One of the issues I've come across is modern media (flash, ssd, etc) has
potential risks (encryption), can be very slow, and is less reliable.
What are the risks of using encryption on flash, ssd, etc? If a user boots
from a read-only (with a secure update mode) flash drive with an encrypted
partition for data how much risk is there given an attacker could
otherwise install a software based keylogger to achieve the same effect?
While I can only assume the Tor Browser Bundle does not have any gaping
security holes there is still a real risk of users leaking. The risk comes
from things like printers, running in the wrong mode (non-Tor mode), etc.
This is not an acceptable risk for many Tor users.
I would like to create a hardened distribution with severe restrictions to
keep users well contained from harming themselves. I believe locking down
the platform is critical as users can't be expected to know or click the
appropriate buttons.
Having worked on some of these issues I realise that a full blown
distribution like Ubuntu requires significant updates. This is a problem
for slower mediums. I would like to create a minimal distribution to
reduce the number of updates a user needs.
Another issue I am trying to solve is the reliability of modern removable
media. Removable media is notoriously unreliable and slow. Especially for
booting off. I'm not sure where the problem lies as I have not found SLC
to be significantly more reliable than MLC. It may be the issue is USB. I
have read something to the effect that when a system loses power you are
more likely to run into data corruption with flash media. While I don't
recall the details it sounded something like the increased write times
means there is a higher chance the data or maybe more data would be in a
buffer somewhere rather than having been written to disk. Thus increasing
the likelihood of corruption.
I think there may be a solution to the above issue. By maintaining two
backup copies of the data a user could restore an uncorrupted copy
"quickly and easily" even if a failure occurs during one of the updates or
backups. Syncing would also be faster than making an entire backup as only
changed files would be replaced/added/deleted. Rsync can be used in
reverse as well so even a failed update could be reverted quicker than
doing a full restore of an entire backup. For those who are not aware
rsync can be used locally without a network connection.
The way I believe this could possibly work in a "quick" manor on slow
media is the following:
apt-get update; apt-get upgrade;
date_of_backup_1=`stat -c %Y /backup1 | sed 's/test.txt//'`
date_of_backup_2=`stat -c %Y /backup2 | sed 's/test.txt//'`
if [ $date_of_backup_1 -gt $date_of_backup_2 ]; then
   rsync -av /root /backup1/*
   rsync -av /root /backup1/*
The above would find the oldest backup to sync with. This way if the
system lost power during a sync a restore could be performed from the
other backup. You may need to check that the last syncing of a backup
folder in the above code completed successfully before syncing it again.
Failing to do so may give you a corrupt restore point. I am not completely
sure on this though. It may not be necessary for one reason or another.
locked down /w wifi application available and firefox only (with very
little else)
iptables setup where Internet access is restricted based on the user and
only Tor has access to the Internet; this forces you to go through Tor and
should prevent any leaks
read-only /w read-write update mode to ensure user always has the most
recent security updates without the need to potentially leak encrypted
data to an unencrypted boot partition
apparmor profile applied to firefox to reduce the risk of an unknown
keeping a minimalist design whereby unnecessary and potentially
exploitable components are not included
the inclusion of particular applications that might be needed in a similar
locked down mode (apparmor profile applied)

@_date: 2011-12-11 16:51:02
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New to List 
I can suggest a few things although can't help much beyond of what I speak
of as I'm not knowledgeable about the particulars myself without
researching it.
Hook up to a hub (not a router) and use ettercap on a 2nd computer to see
what your Tor system is doing when you visit sites. You should only see
the system access Tor IP addresses.
Are you using the TBB? If you are using a http proxy make sure you have
entered https:// and http:// in the proxy section. If you enter just
http:// then you can't access https sites.
If I were you I'd set it up so there is no access to the Internet except
for the user the Tor software is running as. There is something in
iptables to specify which user the rules apply to. Then connect to Tor
with firefox using an account without Internet access (except when going
through Tor).
Don't ask me more about iptables. I can't help there. I'd probably go ask
on the iptables mailing list.

@_date: 2011-12-12 01:00:37
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB, iptables, and seperation of concerns 
I have a few problems with the TBB.
1. It isn't in a repository. For security reasons this should be changed.
2. It merges polipo/Tor together with everything else when Tor should be
run as a separate user with an unrestricted Internet connection while the
user should run Firefox (with appropriate settings) under a restricted
user account with no direct Internet.

@_date: 2011-12-12 03:19:07
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB, iptables, and seperation of concerns 
I'd agree. I think it should be taken a step farther even and a
distribution should be produced around it. If you simply install TBB on a
PC you are going to be leaking activities to disk and potentially doing
other things as well. Accidents for instance such as: printing a web page
(possibly unknowingly- possibly to a network printer- possibly to a work
printer, possibly out of paper, you may not even realize it), or running
the wrong browser and not noticing.
If you are forced to boot off an external medium that is a secured
environment this is unlikely to occur.

@_date: 2011-12-12 03:35:01
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB, iptables, and seperation of concerns 
Yea. Those are good too.
People say to use Tails all the time and I cringe every time. There are
many user related problems with Tails. It isn't that great.
1. A user should not have to download a CD from a site every time an
update comes out.
2. Users should not need to know how to authenticate the download (each
update to TBB or Tails)- while nice users aren't competent enough to do in
practice and the difficult in doing it makes it unlikely even those who
know how may not do it. So we should avoid making the user do the
authentication at all. That can be done if there is a distribution that is
installed. Authentication of updates is already built into apt. Lets use
it. Install once and forget.
3. Does tails prevent non-Tor communications? I was reading something
which suggested it was an idea. If it is an idea chances are it isn't

@_date: 2011-12-12 22:34:03
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Browser Bundle w Linux Packaging & TAILS 
Yes. I don't think it answered my questions though.
The above design document talks about avoiding usability issues. Some
things it puts out of the scope of its ability. I feel some things are
within its scope though even though it would take others (like the Tails
project) to actually implement a complete solution or the user.
While I would not suggest eliminating the tarball completely as there is
more to the world than just debian I do think the manual installation is
cumbersome and risky for the user. It make no sense to recommend manual
installation when there is a better system that is already being used.
Users do not understand authentication and so the need for such
authentication should be done away with. Package management systems
already do the authentication bit and make updating (good for security)
easy. One of the reasons Microsoft Windows is such a dangerous platform
for users is there are dozens of different update applications.
Adding it to the repository is what would make this feasible. It doesn't
need to be in debian's repository. Just in Tor's repository.
It has been mentioned elsewhere that the project needs other distribution
methods to help get Tor into countries where it is banned. Here is a
perfectly good one. Especially if it ended up in debians main repository.
I have never received any kind of response that made sense from them. It
is as if everybody wants to avoid putting out a safe usable solution for
I think the idea of Tails is great. It is just badly implemented.

@_date: 2011-12-12 22:42:39
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB, iptables, and seperation of concerns 
It is not so much a signature verification issue as it is a usability
issue that effects security. User do not verify signatures. This is too
difficult for them. Many user do understand how to click update though and
so authentication is done automatically.
Thats right. Privoxy, then polipo, and now it is going directly to socks.
I'm not sure how to implement this. I will probably check out implementing
apparmor around firefox at some point here in the near future on
GNU/Linux. I don't really understand how the TBB is merged together. It
seemed messy the last time I looked at it. This was probably not TBB
itself though. Just me. I have looked at the documentation for TBB and it
appeared to be seriously out of date.

@_date: 2011-12-12 23:21:53
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB, iptables, and seperation of concerns 
I think a solution with AUFS would make more sense. While there are some
benefits initially to doing it with squashfs the compression gained is
quickly overtaken by the amount of disk space this will eat up. Using AUFS
with a read-only mode would be the better way to do it. There would be
nothing left on the disk after a reboot (except for any encryption
partitions which were mounted read/write) and users could still update the
software through normal channels (apt).
"which doesn't happen in the Tails' context." < from the above page
I may not fully understand the problem here as it is not well explained.
If I take an educated guess at where the problem lies I think it is
nothing that can't be overcome. The "tails context" is a design issue and
not something that can't be overcome. I believe the issue is mainly that
Tails runs from a CD and if installed is using squashfs. Thus it can't be
updated (except each time the system is booted, and even then some updates
require a reboot, at which point those updates are lost).
A few things need to be made and would need coordination with other
related projects:
1. Tails switches from squashfs to AUFS with two modes of operation, one
being read-only, and the other being for updating with apt. It is easy to
prove nothing is leaked to disk with this change.
2. A version of the TBB is released via the Tor repository where this
version has apparmor applied around Firefox and Tor runs as a separate
The Tor user (and apt) should be the only users which have access to the
Internet. This would mean users can't accidently leak anything. DNS,
accidentally printing a sensitive document, or similar.
Users would lose anything not saved to an encrypted disk on reboot. The
same thing that happens now. If an update was detected the system could be
remounted in read/write mode for apt and then rebooted. Since updating
occurs before the encrypted partition is mounted there is no risk of
writing data to the unencrypted portion of the disk.
Great. So there is a proper firewall.

@_date: 2011-12-13 20:01:24
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Browser Bundle w Linux Packaging & TAILS 
I might do this. I have a long way to go before I get to that point
unfortunately. I'm not the best person to do it either. I have briefly
attempted to figure out how to do it and failed. This is not saying I am
incapable. I just don't know how currently. The packaging itself might not
be an issue so much as figuring out how to modify the TBB. I also lack the
time to do it. There are many projects I've involved in related to free
Fair enough. I still think it is a good idea for security reasons though
in countries where blocking isn't an issue.

@_date: 2011-12-13 20:12:38
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Browser Bundle w Linux Packaging & TAILS 
I'm doubtful of my current abilities to do this and get it accepted. It
has been some years since I've even checked out the debian page on how to
do it properly. From what I recall it is definitely quite extensive and
time consuming process. Ideally somebody with more of an apt for this
would take up the task. I would certainly be interested in contributing
financially to the cause. My business already contributes to a number of
free software projects and we hope to become a more significant
contributor as resources allow.

@_date: 2011-12-16 22:57:47
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] what to do with Captcha? 
I don't have a good answer for you although it is probably advisable not
to use those sites. If you enable scripting it is going to put you at

@_date: 2011-12-18 19:17:56
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "If you have access to certain tools, 
This is exactly why users should be running through an account where
non-Tor traffic is blocked. Such attacks can't be performed as the
application either goes through Tor or does not get out to the Internet at
The problem right now is that the TBB makes it difficult to set it up this
way. Tor and the TBB (firefox, plug-ins, etc) need to be separate pieces
in order to have then run under different user accounts with different
levels of permissions.
There also needs to be better commercial ties for Tails or any other
similar distribution so that users can easily resolve compatibility

@_date: 2011-12-18 21:36:46
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "If you have access to certain tools, 
An incorrectly configured application should not leak anything. That is
why a distribution like Tails is needed where the applications are already
configured and it is harder to make these potentially dangerous changes.
There are way too many technical people who don't know what they are doing
making these configuration changes. The less technical users are making
really stupid choices too. I'm talking about downloading applications from
random sources (megadownload) and similar.

@_date: 2011-12-20 09:47:50
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "If you have access to certain tools, 
Would any of these attacks work with HTML off? I ask mostly because the
default in GNU/Linux is for these things to be off. Even my web mail
GNU/Linux interface I write from has HTML off by default.

@_date: 2011-12-20 17:54:05
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
It sounds to me like you shouldn't be on the Internet. This attitude is
ignorant of reality, real security, and the ethics of the Internet. What
are the ethics of the Internet? There are none. It is not a single place
or group. You are the one taking the risk of being exposed to things you
don't like. Be it port scans, denial of service attacks, language you
dislike, ideas, fraud, or other malice. There is only one general law that
you will find applies everywhere in the world and that is treason.
Your view offends me. I however will not suggest you be denied access to
the Internet. That is what I agreed to by sending and accepting packets.
You are welcome to participate in the Tor network-or not. That is up to
you. You also accept whatever risks there are to running a Tor node.
I for one will not stop running a node just because someone port scans me.
It is up to me to protect my systems.

@_date: 2011-12-20 18:08:23
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
This is far from the same thing. One is a place of work, rules, and
security. The other is an unregulated, unsociable, without a single set of
ethics place. You shouldn't be required (it can't be enforced anyway) to
abide by any set of ethics. The security you have is of your accord. If
you are attacked it is your problem. Nobody else. It is why it is so
important that you take responsibility for your own security and suffer
any consequences from the lack of it.

@_date: 2011-12-21 17:09:37
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
This is a dumb policy although that being said if this is going to have a
significant negative impact on the Tor network from a bandwidth or
security (loss of nodes could impact security too) then what about having
the Tor software do a check on the system? This would bypass the network
and avoid intrusion detection systems in place on the network. I imagine

@_date: 2011-12-21 17:12:26
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] janusvm still safe? 
I always thought JanusVM had a good central idea although wasn't
implemented right. It is too easy to make a mistake. The same thing
applies with TBB though.

@_date: 2011-12-21 17:14:17
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] janusvm still safe? 
Tails won't or should not be run in a VM. It actively detects VMs and
warns the user. I forget if it actually won't run or it just warns the

@_date: 2011-12-21 17:29:35
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] On verifying security of Tor Routers idea 
Not every ones ethics are the same as yours. That doesn't mean they are
ethically-challenged. That being said the proposal may work. The question
is what percentage of nodes have valid and up to date email addresses and
would respond?
Some of us have been running a Tor node for years. Not having a valid up
to date email does not mean these systems are insecure. Debian makes it
very easy to run and update a Tor node. It may not have a huge impact on
the network.
I think the best approach is to send off an email with the new proposal to
all node operators. See what the response is from the node operators. Let
node operators know if they do not explicitly opt out they may be included
by default in the scans if the percentage of nodes that respond is not
sufficient. What we want is a response from every node operator either way
though so we can judge.

@_date: 2011-12-21 19:09:58
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
To be clear I didn't suggest this. It doesn't sound like a bad idea
although the question is what good if any would it do? Having some
compromised nodes is already assumed.
I think the concern is that if a significant number of relays can be
easily compromised then there is a reason to do this. It would be
'hardening' the network.
It doesn't matter if some relays are taken over and appear to be
not-vulnerable. The fewer that can be taken over reduces the risk of
encountering multiple compromised nodes in any given path. There are other
ways to achieve this. Setting up many many nodes for instance.

@_date: 2011-12-21 19:25:18
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] On verifying security of Tor Routers idea 
Ultimately they were planning to just do the port scan.
If you are not going to just do it the question is how do you gather the
data as to how many node operators will opt-in or opt-out if you do not
contact them in a preliminary stage? It may not be worth doing if you
don't have enough opt-ins or are unwilling to consider scanning those who
have not opted out. You won't get accurate data from the tor-relays list
as these individuals are active participants. The ones who would be less
likely to response are the less active ones.
Nobody is threatening node operators with a port scan as far as it appears
anyway. A port scan is not itself a security threat no matter how many
think it is. It may be harmful to the project though from a backlash of
node operators. Just because b (exploits) usually follows a (port scan)
does not mean c (something else non-threatening) can never occur.
We shouldn't hang every one else who does a port scan just because of a
few bad apples.
I think the concern is valid however incorrect the security threat aspect
of it is. Thinking about this some more. I think maybe contacting a small
percentage of node operators would result in sufficient data to make some
of these preliminary decisions.
Ultimately though if you are going to say you need permission of some kind
(even if it is just "you must email us to opt out") then you are going to
have to contact the node operators.
Maybe there are a significant number of node operators subscribed to the
tor-relays mailing list. I'm very doubtful of that though. I probably
can't hurt to post there and see the results prior. If there are simply
enough from that alone you could in theory just ignore every one else.

@_date: 2011-12-22 01:17:28
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
Maybe you should fix the router? This blaming other people for your own
mistakes is getting ridicules.
Yet, you don't drop it.
Yes, but this is out of context and time.

@_date: 2011-12-22 08:19:02
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "If you have access to certain tools, 
Not to mention if your firewall blocks all exiting traffic for the user
this attack will fail. At least with images. One with scripting may
succeed still.

@_date: 2011-12-23 18:21:07
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor - 1-click-compile-version 
There is probably a better way to solve this problem without having to
compile the code yourself. The simple fact is that users are not going to
be competent enough to evaluate the code or even evaluate the changes in
the code from one release to the next.
The threat here potentially comes from governments mandating a back door.
The solution to this problem is to spread out the responsibility of
checking for back doors amongst developers in different parts of the world
and giving them the ability to issue secure signed hashes of the compile
binaries. They would need to compile binaries themselves to create these
signed secure hashes.
Tor has a vulnerability where there are only two or three bootstraping
servers. They are spread out from my understanding although also a point
of vulnerability. It requires 2 of three server currently I believe to
compromise the service. If I recall correctly there is the possibility to
have several trusted entities although there are only two or three right
now. I'm sure someone more knowledgeable can provide better info.

@_date: 2011-12-23 18:40:39
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] browser with best privacy without using the Tor 
For various reasons it sounds like there is a lot of demand for separating
Tor from the TBB. It would be nice if we could fund the development of
features like this. I imagine some of us would be more willing to donate
if certain features would be added as a result. I donate a fair amount of
spare bandwidth from a high speed co-located server although have never
contributed financially. I think Tor is a worthy cause though. I do
contribute to many other projects.
I also think there is potential for a relationship between the Tor project
and commercial entities. Mozilla is a good example. Something similar
could be arranged for Tor. It may be the advertisement of a Tor-friendly
product or even semi-generic hardware or tie in to a search engine. A few
projects already exist that could be commercialized in some way where a
percentage of the profits could go toward Tor development. It is probably
unwise to derive too much funding from a single entity although taking
advantage of the user base to produce a self-sustaining non-profit entity
is probably a wise move.

@_date: 2011-12-23 22:19:41
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] browser with best privacy without using the Tor 
That is for Microsoft Windows and am pretty confident that it is not the
same thing.
The TBB has plug-ins and other configuration changes in it to enhance
security such as the HTTPS Everywhere plug-in. If you install Tor and then
use a generic copy of Firefox you won't get the same results and your
fingerprint is much more likely to be unique.
I read over some documentation on how to build the TBB from scratch.
Unfortunately it appears very old. Based on some of the newer faqs I am
fairly confident that it has not been updated in a long time. For instance
Firefox is compiled from scratch for the TBB in order to include some
security enhancements. I'm not sure what is being added, removed, or
At the time I read the documentation on how to build the TBB from scratch
it seemed like many plug-ins probably weren't needed. While I don't recall
if this was one I'll give a factious example. Instead of disabling
scripting entirely there was a plug-in to disable scripting. It would
probably be better to disable it completely if the plug-in wasn't doing
anything else. Less code and the user can't accidentally enable scripting.
If there was a plug-in for Tor and non-Tor mode the same thing would be
The advantage of doing a TBB with all the plug-ins and changes with a
separate copy of Tor is it would make fingerprinting harder. A few simple
changes would probably be all that were necessary so that the browser
bundle without an internal copy of Tor and instead have it use an external
copy of Tor. It would then retain all the other security enhancements.

@_date: 2011-12-24 07:17:27
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] browser with best privacy without using the 
There are more reasons. Those might be two possible reasons. I can think
of others. Separating the components would make it easier to secure within
a distribution. Running Tor as a separate user from the browser for
This would ensure you can't accidentally click a button and end up
destroying your anonymity. Such accidents may leak data to disk, printer,
or a government/ISP/etc.
If this were done you could then package the components separately and
update only the components that need updating. If Tor needs to be updates
why should you re-download Firefox when it hasn't been changed?
Many people do not live in regimes where access to the Internet is readily
available, reliable, or fast. This isn't just China, Iran, and Cuba. First
rate nations have many of these same speed limitations. In some countries
the population is too spread out for high speed access or the people are
amongst impoverished populations and a fast connection isn't feasible.
There are also many island nations without physical cable (satellite

@_date: 2011-12-28 00:16:16
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
I'm curious. Is that asynchronous bandwidth? If it is what is your up
speed? You may not be contributing as much as you think. This is not to
say it isn't more than most people. In the USA most users have at most
25Mbps down and maximum up of 5mbps or so. I would bet most people really
don't have more than 1Mbps up in practice. 384-1Mbps is typical.

@_date: 2012-02-24 23:10:21
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor version in OpenWRT Backfire 
This probably isn't a good approach. It would probably be better to write
a program for the OpenWRT implementation that regularly checks for newer
versions and downloads+installs as necessary automatically. You would need
to have it check the asc file too of course. There isn't a need to include
an outdated version of Tor in flash itself. Tor is updated too frequently
and I imagine could pose a security risk.
You know what is needed is a program to install Tor in ram on

@_date: 2012-01-03 11:35:42
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Real basic questions for linux 
You have to add the Tor repository to your distributions
In fact your system should automatically inform you of these new versions
and ask you to update just like any other software in the main repository
of your distribution.
At least this is the case for Debian and Ubuntu based distributions.

@_date: 2012-01-03 18:03:34
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Real basic questions for linux 
I think you nailed it. The key is consistency between  users. There are
enough differences even with users running the same software. The TBB runs
on multiple platforms with multiple screen resolutions and multiple
different updates that even with the TBB you can stand out as unique. It
has occurred to me that it may be wise to dedicate a computer to Tor
entirely and not use it for anything non-Tor necessary. At least then it
isn't possible or much more difficult to fingerprint users between Tor and
non-Tor use. Even then there could still be ways to fingerprint and
connect a user. Your ISP, your modem, and other latency or surfing
particularities. Do you always spell a particular set of words wrong? Or
do you always spell every word right?

@_date: 2012-01-09 14:29:30
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB and local TOR for Linux users 
Interesting work around. I haven't tried this although there is another
work around that doesn't quite work right and you still are using the
TBB's firefox. It results in the disabling of some of the security
enhancements. When you download a file does it warn you of a potential
danger? If not you may not be getting all the benefits of using the same
version as other TBB users.

@_date: 2013-09-09 14:23:25
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Indirect Tor question 
I don't usually chime in on the Tor-talk list although my company is
following Tor / supporting Tor / Tails, etc. We have been working with the
FSF and other entities to improve the availability of free software
friendly hardware and get the companies designing various pieces to
release the complete set of code. It's a lot of work. Check out
In any case I thought I'd chime in because it's what I work on.
In any case while you won't find a 100% free x86 system you can avoid
dependence on most non-free firmware. ThinkPenguin (I'm the founder & CEO)
has a catalog of hardware of which 100% of the catalog is compatible with
100% free distributions. That is all core features should work on any
device / system (wireless, sound, ethernet, USB, graphics, etc) without
any non-free firmware. The BIOS in the laptops and desktops are non-free
and there is undoubtedly non-free microcode all over the place (probably
the biggest problem that is unknown to the masses which needs solving).
The solution to the hardware problem is to focus on increasing demand for
free software friendly hardware and using that demand to get concessions
from the large cooperations designing the chipsets. I'm not a big fan of
reverse engineering and feel it is in large part a loosing battle. RMS
sparked my attention at 2013 LibrePlanet with a speech he gave. He talked
about the difficulties of reverse engineering and the need for the
community to design hardware from scratch (essentially). It may seem
unrealistic right now due to cost, the lack of expertise, and how far
behind anything would be once it reached the market although I think the
only thing really holding such projects back is a scattered community. We
have this community that hasn't shown it's willing to put its money where
its mouth is. People too concerned about saving a dollar here or there.
Fortunately there is a whole large set of new and less tech savvy users
who care getting on board all the time. They aren't afraid to spend a
little extra. I think from that such challenges may be overcome. If there
is any hope it probably lies with them.
What I'd still like to see is more people thinking about how we can get
more people concerned about free software friendly hardware (and software;
ie Adobe Flash, etc). Right now most companies advertising "Linux"
compatible hardware I'd advise avoiding. The ones who aren't advertising
it seem to be more in tune with cooperating on the release of code (HP is
a good example; great job on code releases, but never advertise Linux /
GNU on the package). Good PR doesn't make up for the lack of code either
(NVIDIA/AMD w ATI).
What is extremely disappointing to me is that some of our smaller
competitors aren't helping the situation any. There are things they could
do easily and aren't. For instance shipping with free software friendly
wifi cards. Even if your going to offer systems with a non-free dependent
graphics chip (because of performance advantages) there is no reason you
can't ship with a free software friendly wifi card.

@_date: 2013-09-09 17:03:11
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Indirect Tor question 
Rightly so.
Is that sarcasm or do you genuinely not understand the difficulty of the
problem? It is a complicated issue. To start off there are only a handful
of companies which produce a BIOS and they work AMD, Intel, etc. That is
then licensed to manufacturers. There is coreboot (a free software BIOS)
although without the support of the likes of Intel/AMD its near impossible
to port to a given system. There are other problems. Most of the funding
for coreboot is from the server arena. There not concerned with desktops
and laptops. Which means it's all the more difficult/expensive.
It's best summer up as a non-trivial issue. A computer is not designed by
a single person or entity and relies on many different parties to produce.
There are significant financial and technical hurdles to releasing a
system with a free software BIOS. Google (a huge corporation
comparatively) has attempted to do it and had much difficulty/resistance.
We aren't intentionally hiding anything.. but we also don't have the
source to our own product. At least not all of it.
There may be a backdoor. The challenge is to find it and work towards its
removal, or find millions of dollars to fund something that is validatable
and NSA-free.

@_date: 2015-09-11 20:06:41
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Library installs Tor exit node; 
- Free State Participant Here (not in NH yet though) -
I actually was wondering if it wasn't FSP participants who were working on the relays in the first place... though that said on a prior brief attempt to identify the main participants in the library project I could find no obvious connections. However that doesn't surprise me. I've also not identified any participation by other individuals in the FSP despite seeming like highly likely participants (for instance Ross Ulbricht of Silk Road fame holds many views held by said participants and his mother has even talked at multiple FSP events post arrest).
Unfortunately I haven't gotten very far with another campaign regarding the FCC's efforts to force manufacturers to lock down devices on Free Talk Live (which does promote the Free State Project and is run out of Keene, NH). I called in briefly as the show generally doesn't do interviews / talks and like many other shows. Rather they let anybody call in about anything (ie the name Free Talk Live). That said I'd still encourage people to call into Free Talk Live. Multiple people coordinating it would be a smart move and I'd be happy to participate in such a campaign to 'target FTL' (they wouldn't object).
The site and call in # can be found at  and the show airs daily on the east coast from 7PM-10PM 7 days a week.
There are other FSP media outlets (ie libtery-minded outlets heavily involved in the FSP). The Free Talk Live show seems to be the most outstanding from FSP events I've attended (ie they show up to Porcfest in the summer, which is an FSP summer camping event, and Liberty Forum, another winter event, traditional conference style).
* Also just noticed in on the site that there is a link to an article on the issue already.
Another show is Freedom Phoenix. I've had a lot of luck here, but I believe it is out in Arizona (ie phoenix). Not sure who in the NH region if anybody listens to it, but I know they've covered Porcfest before. I've been on the show twice and will be on for a third time this coming week (Tuesday September 15th) to talk about the FCC's efforts to ban free software (practical result/outcome of rule changes, not specific objective necessarily).
You might also try:
You might check out 411 Activist TXT Msg Distribution Service which sends out a message to all activists cell phones in the area:
Keene is about an hour away...
There is also Free Grafton 40 minutes away There is also Free Concord an hour 20 minutes away

@_date: 2016-08-20 21:06:12
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
=?utf-8?q?puters_with_Tor=27s_help=3F?=
The article seems to suggest that those taking proper security precautions would not have been impacted by this exploit. Users are warned that opening external files can compromise their security. In this case it was apparently a video file. If Tails has been designed properly this should not have been a problem for Tails users. I have not recently examined Tails, but from my understanding, in the past all traffic was routed through Tor. This would have included the video player. Most likely in that scenario if the exploit worked on Tails it would have only provided an IP address of a Tor exit node [which is not a privacy threat]. That was changed in a later version of Tails to drop traffic instead because it posed a security risk [maybe, I think most users would probably have been fine behind a NAT network assuming Tails is designed well]. This attack vector would not have worked in Tails for that reason. Now it also most likely would not have worked because the exploit almost certainly targets Microsoft's media player. The exploit (if you can call it that, given it's not designed to be privacy friendly and doesn't open up the media player or system to remote access, etc) is either a known problem that has never been fixed (not entirely sure it is an issue from a security perspective, though it is from a privacy perspective) or a new problem that should have been on the radar of any developer designing a secure privacy friendly operating system [which Microsoft Windows is not].
Microsoft Windows is a threat to your security. All proprietary software is a threat. Intel and AMD are a threat to your security. There is remote control functionality built into every Intel and AMD CPU since 2009 and 2013. It would naive to think that US companies AMD and Intel have not been ordered to insert a backdor. Intel and AMD will not release the code and have signed these components such that even if they were reversed engineered the user can't load a backdoor free version of the software.
The answer to the problem is in crowd funding a new standard that has been in the works for years that modularizes critical components into a 'computer card'. By doing this it gives computer designers a less expensive way to design backdoor-free computing devices. It also lets us utilize non-Intel/AMD designed CPUs from Chinese companies. Now this is not to say China isn't a threat to users privacy and security. We know about backdoors in homegrown Chinese designed laptops. The difference is the backdoors were inserted in keyboard controller firmwares and were dependent on an OS level component to work. By modularizing the design it was possible to produce a laptop (the first ever) that we can be reasonably confident is NSA/Chinese/Russian/etc backdoor free. The keyboard and LCD controller is based off work for which we have the complete set of source code. The equivalent microcode/firmware for CPU related components are available. There is no BIOS and the bootloader and other critical driver related components we have the complete set of source code for.
There are only five days left of the campaign. It is important that people contribute to it. The concept needs to succeed if we want to eventually have devices that we can be reasonably confident are secure from government(s) and other criminal elements.
Here is that crowd funding campaign:
* The people behind the project are more trustworthy than the people behind some other crowd supply campaigns. The FSF has worked with Luke (lead engineer) on ensuring the complete set of code is available. It's also the case that all code is available unlike past RYF laptops (for which there has been valid criticisms, particularly from a security stand point).
Now this doesn't make this device secure in and of itself. There is a lot that has to happen. This is only going to result in a base that can be used build truly secure and privacy friendly devices. More work needs to be done at porting key software to ARM, increasing the user base to a point where fingerprinting is less effective, etc. There are significant hurdles to overcome.
If I had to guess it's probably a bug causing some component (the plug-in) to crash. It's not abnormal for reports to be generated after a crash and written to disk. There are good reasons users whom are at serious risk should run Tails and not the Tor Browser Bundle. Tails is designed to ensure nothing gets recorded to disk (especially unencrypted). The only exception I'm aware of is related to storing data on Tor entry nodes to thwart certain types of attack (it's possible other exceptions exist). Other data can be saved to encrypted

@_date: 2016-08-21 13:58:29
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
=?utf-8?q?puters_with_Tor=27s_help=3F?=
It would be naive to think that only the US government or American companies are compromising our security and privacy. We have knowledge of the Chinese backdooring home-grown systems based on ARM through keyboard controller firmware and there have also been public statements about such things being required in recent years (in response to US Russia and Germany appear to be aware of problems with US processors as they've stopped using x86 technology in certain places or funded projects that deal with some of these issues. Where do you think the funding to get CoreBoot for X86 came from on the Lenovos years ago? LibreBoot which is completely free (meaning the complete sources are available) is based off that work. Russia has moved to using typewriters for security reasons and started designing its own CPUs too.
Now I don't have an example of Iran or North Korea doing anything technologically as far as computers go- but in other areas they've clearly demonstrated an understanding that for security reasons they can't be dependent on foreign designed technology (particularly given their opposition). These countries are designing all sorts of military hardware even where they might otherwise be able to obtain such hardware from friendly countries (to them, tanks, etc).
A start to securing our systems has to come from gaining access to the complete set of source code for all core components. It's not feasible to design many of these components from scratch. The costs are astronomical (it'll cost millions of dollars just to design a CPU and get some samples made, and that doesn't include manufacturing it, testing it, or manufacturing it at a cost effective price point, without the numbers you won't succeed, and nobody will use it then, and that means it would be ridiculously expensive. To succeed you would have to prepay 100 million dollars to have a line dedicated to you such that the cost of the CPU drops to a point to be competitive on the market. This is why All Winner, one company designing CPUs has been successful, because if you get just a 100 CPUs manufactured 50% or more of those will not work, but if you have a line dedicated to manufacturing your CPU then they can keep adjusting the machinery and over a six month period the production results improve. Now you don't have to throw away 50% of the CPUs because they are defective. Now you get to keep 95% of the CPUs. All Winner has large quantities of its CPUs manufactured over a sixth month period and then maintains a large stock of CPUs that are sold over many years This is what makes All Winner's CPUs so ridiculously cheap and competitive on the market. Comparatively companies like AMD and Intel can't do that short of switching architectures and that will mean these companies lose there compatibility advantage. Eventually in the not so distant future you will be able to buy a non-Intel/AMD CPU that is faster for less money. Intel already can't produce its CPUs at a profit and remain competitive.
There are also very few companies or countries for that matter capable of manufacturing the core components- like CPUs and wifi chips. For any given core technology we have at best 5-6 companies capable of it. Every other technology company then licenses the tech and has these companies manufacture those core components for them. Companies like Microsoft, Apple, and Dell don't manufacture anything. Not really. At best they might have some people making already developed technology pretty. Companies like Intel, AMD, Qualcomm Atheros, Samsung, and similar do have design capabilities and sometimes manufacturing capabilities for these types of core components. However even these companies whom are designing these components don't always have sufficient facilities to do the production or any for that matter. AMD doesn't manufacture anything for example. Intel is now manufacturing other companies CPUs (Intel is losing money and is losing face due technological failures that prevent it from advancing its CPUs at competitive prices, and we're seeing that already at a cost level, even if the prices sold at are competitive at the moment).
Both US and UK citizens are working on free'ing us of hostile Chinese and US technology/backdoors. Go check it out here:

@_date: 2016-03-26 12:31:46
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Raid of LFM studio over supposed access of onion site by 
I thought I'd just bring to the attention of the Tor community a very public (it was recorded and those involved have spoken about it) raid that occurred upon which the FBI listed in the warrant an onion site that was connected to what appears to have been Playpen where child porn was being distributed by the FBI. In this incident they placed bits of code on users of the sites systems which enabled them to identify the user's IP.
While it is believe that the home and studio that was raided did not contain any child pornography the objective seems to have been to discredit a very public critic of the FBI: Ian Freeman.
This appears to be a direct attack on political persons in the libertarian community. It is not the first attack. Local government raided the KAT (Keen Activist Center, which I believe is the same place) a few years back and there have been many other legal attacks on Ian and other libertarians in the community. Including an attack on James Cleveland for recording the police (he won) and Rich Paul (he was arrested for selling pot, but the actual amount was insignificant, and immediately tried to get him to be an informant on the KAT, he turned that down and went to trial, and got a year, but risked spending as much as 100 years in doing so). Among many other legal shenanigans... all for being peaceful activists...
Anyway- I thought people may want to keep an eye on this. People wonder why we need Tor. Well, not only do we need it overseas we need it right here in the United States. If you speak publicly against the mainstream or against the FBI's choices (like distributing child porn, which two weeks earlier was covered by the show, and they were critical of the FBI in doing this) you might just get raided. I am not aware of the FBI actually raiding anybody else in connection to Playpen (or users anyway, yet) so it seems quite politically motivated. I'm also a little doubtful there ever actually was a connection here. Somebody 'accidentally' misread something and testified to get the warrant in order to discredit them or similar is my suspicion right now. They'll probably find something, but it won't be child porn, and even if they did, I'd call it suspect, given all the facts. The FBI aren't angels and play dirty all the time. Yet- we are suppose to trust them, the courts, etc and the convictions (or guilty pleas when they twist your arm so there are no other options of defense).

@_date: 2016-05-25 18:55:00
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Sensorship 
I know the courthouse in Nashua, New Hampshire, USA is censoring Tor, and other civil rights web sites, humorously.

@_date: 2016-05-25 21:12:39
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Sensorship 
Let me clarify that. I only attempted to access the Tor project web site and it was blocked.
