
@_date: 2006-04-07 02:12:25
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: FW: Problems with TOR 0.1.1.17rc 
I still have a problem with the below - how do I resolve it?
Im the only fast UK exit node so it would be good to get it working
Nb - I found that SORBS have blacklisted my server address because I
allowed IRC (potentially botnet) exit traffic. How putting me on an
email blackhole list helps avoid IRC abuse they were not able to
explain... Seems that they are trying to inconvenience server owners for
things not directly related to SPAM.
Sent: 02 April 2006 18:40
I just upgraded to the rc version, and it now fails to start from torCP
or from the service. I tried removing service, restarting and then
adding again, but I still get an error:
C:\Program Files\Tor>tor -install
Service installed successfully
Service failed to start : An exception occurred in the service when
handling the control request.
Even with a default config file it fails. However running TOR directly from the executable works.

@_date: 2006-04-07 10:34:32
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: FW: Problems with TOR 0.1.1.17rc 
Hi, nickname is UKFASTHOST123
No I dont have a backup :-(
What is the email address to send to and which files do you need?
Nb - did you take on board the problem with writing to the default user
profile? That should be fixed. If TOR cant workout which user it is
running under then it should  use the 'all users' profile. Otherwise all
new users on the box get a copy of the potentially sensitive TOR keys
and config in their profiles...
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Peter Palfrader
Sent: 07 April 2006 08:25
What's your server's nickname?
If you reinstall you should restore the old secret_id_key from before by
copying the backup to the new /keys/ directory.  If you don't
have that anymore you should probably mail tor-ops your new fingerprint
and make a backup for the future.

@_date: 2006-04-07 15:10:51
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: FW: Problems with TOR 0.1.1.17rc 
OK - comment added. I have some friends who are Windows / .Net programmers - if one of them
is interested in fixing this for you, who should they get in contact
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Peter Palfrader
Sent: 07 April 2006 13:05
Please see,
None of the Tor developers are windows folks.  See
 for some information.  If you know exactly
what to do please add your knowledge to the bug report.

@_date: 2006-04-02 18:40:12
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Problems with TOR 0.1.1.17rc 
I just upgraded to the rc version, and it now fails to start from torCP
or from the service. I tried removing service, restarting and then
adding again, but I still get an error:
C:\Program Files\Tor>tor -install
Service installed successfully
Service failed to start : An exception occurred in the service when
handling the control request.
Even with a default config file it fails. However running TOR directly from the executable works.

@_date: 2006-04-02 19:22:43
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: FW: Problems with TOR 0.1.1.17rc 
OK - finally got it working - it seems to read / write its config info
to the default user profile when running as a service. That's a bug that
really should be fixed. Default user is the template for new user
accounts. Tor should use %userprofile% to find the correct profile
location for the current user.
The uninstall / reinstall seems to have wiped my keys.
Apr 02 19:16:02.849 [Warn] connection_dir_client_reached_eof(): http
status 400 ("Rejected: There is already a named server with this
nickname and a different fingerprint.") response from dirserver
'86.59.21.38:80'. Please correct.
Apr 02 19:16:02.849 [Warn] connection_dir_client_reached_eof(): http
status 400 ("Already have named router with same nickname and different
key.") response from dirserver '140.247.60.64:80'. Please correct.
How do I resolve that?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: 02 April 2006 18:40
I just upgraded to the rc version, and it now fails to start from torCP
or from the service. I tried removing service, restarting and then
adding again, but I still get an error:
C:\Program Files\Tor>tor -install
Service installed successfully
Service failed to start : An exception occurred in the service when
handling the control request.
Even with a default config file it fails. However running TOR directly from the executable works.

@_date: 2006-02-23 23:11:07
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: UTC & increased anonymity for client/node & user 
What is UTC? Is that an Americanism for GMT?
On Behalf Of ADB
Sent: 23 February 2006 23:06
I had issues with suse linux where tor would NOT operate at all without
using UTC! Directories were always 8 hours off, and thus it wouldn't use
any directory info and thus no circuits! This is just my experience
though, and why I use UTC only, plus HW sync.
 Sure.  As long as the time is correct tor doesn't care which TZ it's
running in.

@_date: 2006-02-23 23:20:59
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: UTC & increased anonymity for client/node & user 
If you run Windows then your PC already synchronizes its time to GMT
from time.windows.com via NTP.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Anothony Georgeo
Sent: 23 February 2006 23:17
Hi Peter,
What do you think about adding an automatic "convert
system time to UTC" feature into Tor?  For expample Tor could read the local system time,
convert it to UTC and then Tor can use the UTC version
for it's time related functions.  This seems like it
may reduce the strength of partition attacks via. TZ.
I am not sure if this would be too CPU intensive but
it wouldn't seem so.
Do you have a suggestion for a free open-source prog.
which can update/convert the local system time to UTC?
(I run Windows XPHome SP2)
I was thinking of using the UTC updater/converter from
NIST "Internet Time Service"(
 ).  The NIST
website offers a program which updates/converts the
system clock with UTC.
I was going to route the UTC updater/converter over
Tor via. FreeCap; I also use TorDNS so leaks are no
NIST uses the US Naval Observatory Master Clock at (
 ).  I'm not sure about the anonymity and security concerns
when using the US Navay's clock.  Is it risky (in
terms of anonymity) to use the Navay's clock?  I
assume as long as the UTC prog. is routed through Tor
and DNS is fixed there is minimal risk.
Cheers   Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2006-02-23 23:26:49
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: UTC & increased anonymity for client/node & user 
I have never heard of UTC, but I will take your word for it seeing as I
am indeed British.
However, try looking at your time / date setting in Control Panel  -
everything references GMT. No mention of UTC.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Peter Thoenen
Sent: 23 February 2006 23:21

@_date: 2006-02-06 14:11:00
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: TLS errors 
I added a high bandwidth server as an exit node yesterday, and have a question I cant find answered in the documentation.
In the 'notices' I frequently see errors that say something like 'tls error. breaking' and then list an address.
What do these mean?
nb - my upstream provider already received 2 complaints that i am running a TOR server in the first 24 hours! Luckily as I am a paying customer they are being tolerant at the moment.

@_date: 2006-02-06 20:04:30
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: TLS errors 
My provider has replied and suggested that they learn how to use the
'Kline' function of their IRC server, lol.
On Behalf Of Tor User
Sent: 06 February 2006 17:44
 nb - my upstream provider already received 2 complaints that i am
running a TOR server in the first 24 hours! Luckily as I am a paying
customer they are being tolerant at the moment. My provider received several complaints about my tor server yesterday
(they did not say how many). The weird aspect is that I run a middleman
node (exit policy set to reject everything). I have checked the output
of netstat and there are no suspicious connections. It may be relevant
that I upgraded from stable to the latest alpha over the weekend but I
doubt it is. I was not allowed to see the original complaint(s) but one quote was
that "I advertised my server using IRC on undernet", and there was some
additional rubbish about how I was contributing to credit card crime. I am left wondering what could be behind this. I presume others would
have mentioned if some bozo was busy complaining to all internet
providers who host tor servers, whether they run exit nodes or not?

@_date: 2006-02-06 20:06:09
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: TLS errors 
You are correct - they are 'info' notices. Bit worrying for new TOR users as it says 'tls error'. You might want to
note that its normal in the FAQ somewhere.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Roger Dingledine
Sent: 06 February 2006 14:54
Are you sure you're getting them at log-level notice? Usually those
lines are at log-level info, and if so they're harmless.  But if you're
seeing them at 'notice', then there may be other problems -- can you
post a few lines of context? Hopefully the log lines around it will
be self-explanatory.
I'm sorry to hear that. Now might be a fine time to take one of their
admins out for a beer, make a friend, and teach him about Tor. :)

@_date: 2006-06-07 21:33:24
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: "SHTTPD": Windows web-server, light-weight, stand-alone and multi-platform (Unix, etc) 
Hi, Hi, If you are not trying to run this on a desktop then Windows Server
2003 already comes with IIS6 - which is it might surprise you to know is
one of the most secure web servers around as regards known
vulnerabilities. One minor denial of service issue in 2004 is the only
issue with IIS6 since release. See
For anyone interested, several very large hosting companies have
recently migrated to Windows server (from Linux / Apache).
See  "Microsoft continues to gain share in the web server market, chipping
away at Apache's commanding lead. The number of hostnames on Windows
servers grew by 4.5 million, giving Microsoft 29.7% market share, a gain
of 4.25% for the month. Apache had a decline of 429K hostnames, and
loses 3.5% to 61.25%.
Apache's lead over Microsoft, which stood at 48.2% in March, has been
narrowed to 31.5%, a shift of 16.7% in just three months.
The largest movement of sites from Apache to IIS was once again at Go
Daddy, with over 1.6M hostnames moving from Apache to IIS this month.
While those parked domains were a major factor in Microsoft's gains,
Windows also saw solid growth in active sites, hostnames that contain
content and likely to represent developed web sites."
Probably surprising to most on this list, but true!
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Anothony Georgeo
Sent: 07 June 2006 17:54
I was reading
and I thought I could help with the the following If you're on Windows, ...what should we suggest here? Is there a good simple free software (not just "freeware") web server for Windows? Please let me know
what we should say here.
IMO "Shttpd" ("Simple HTTPD") is a worthy candidate as
a Windows web-server for use with HiddenServices.  Shttpd is a very nice, secure(SSL), free & open-source
(MIT license), light-weight and stand-alone web-server
which is multi-platform (Win32, Unix, Linux, *BSD, MacOS, QNX, Solaris).  Shttpd has a great and easy to use GUI and the code
Shttpd was security reviewed by Adam Zeldis.
Quotes from the site:
SHTTPD is a lightweight web server. The main design goals are the ease of use and the ability to embed. Ideal for personal use, web-based software demos (like
PHP, Perl etc), quick file sharing. A care has been taken to make the code secure. SHTTPD is licensed
the terms of MIT license.
* Small. Fast. No bloat, no installation. * GET, POST, HEAD, PUT, DELETE methods
* CGI, SSL, digest auth, resumed download, aliases
* Standard logging (combined format)
* Very simple and clean embedded API
* dietlibc friendly. NOT that friendly to the uClibc Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2006-06-08 13:43:53
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: "SHTTPD": Windows web-server, light-weight, stand-alone and multi-platform (Unix, etc) 
Hi, If you have already paid to use Windows server, then it is effectively a 'free product'. However you need to be specially licensed to see the source code.
You also get IIS5 with XP, but I would not recommend using that as it is not as secure.
Sent: Thu 08/06/2006 12:02
The Tor team wants 'free software' not Microsoft
Access to source code and ability to modifity source
code is one of the main legs of 'free software' and
not allowed by Microsoft.
Please read this page for a great definition of 'free

@_date: 2006-06-08 15:23:26
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: "SHTTPD": Windows web-server, light-weight, stand-alone and multi-platform (Unix, etc) 
That is simply not true - many people can check and review the source code for Microsoft products. You just have to be licenced and have a valid reason to do so. e.g. the Chinese government did so to check for backdoors, etc., and so have many others including many software developers. See Sent: Thu 08/06/2006 14:05
The other freedom that they don't mention is freedom from backdoors.
Since no one can see the MS code and verify that it is free from
government intrusion, there is good reason not to use it in an
environment where such government intrusion could be detrimental.

@_date: 2006-06-08 22:22:33
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: "SHTTPD": Windows web-server, light-weight, stand-alone and multi-platform (Unix, etc) 
Hi, that's why I specifically said "if you are already running Windows
I would not recommend using IIS 5 on XP in its default configuration.
Nb - when Vista comes along in about 6 months we will have a desktop
version of IIS that has been through the latest MS code auditing tools,
and now runs under a minimal rights user account. Then I expect it will
be closer to a one size fits all and reasonably secure option for those
wanting to run a web server on a Microsoft OS.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Steve Crook
Sent: 08 June 2006 16:54
Hi Tony,
The big problem with IIS6 as I see it is that it's not a generic
one-size-fits-all solution for the Windows platform.  Sure it's an
option for those running Windows Server 2003, but that would still leave
a massive gap for all the Windows users who have XP (or older).  I doubt
MS will ever backport it as their philosophy is to make users upgrade to
server products if they want to deliver server functionality.
As there's an identified solution that will run on all Windows
platforms, whilst at the same time being Open Source and free, I think
it should take precedence, assuming of course that it actually does the
job well.
Also, to my knowledge nobody has any way of really knowing what
information MS extracts from its users.  There seems to be a new version
of Windows Update virtually every time I try and run it.  It doesn't
work at all unless I click a "Trust Microsoft" box.  I fail to see the
"Genuine Advantage" that MS assure me I'm getting.  :-)

@_date: 2006-06-09 01:43:25
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: "SHTTPD": Windows web-server, light-weight, stand-alone and multi-platform (Unix, etc) 
What has Code Red to do with this? That was a different webserver
version on a different operating system (IIS5 on Windows 2000 and
earlier). I was recommending the option of IIS6 for those running
Windows server 2003. I remind you that the worst worm infestation in the
history of the internet was actually on UNIX based systems as the 'Great
Worm' of 1988... Should we avoid using Linux because of that?
Microsoft current OS's are certainly not perfect but they are much
improved as regards security from previous versions. If you check recent
defacement statistics or the recent report on the subject from Mi2g you
will see that the most commonly hacked server OS platform on the
internet is currently systems based on Linux by a very wide and growing
margin, even allowing for the fact that there are currently more Linux
based servers out there. As regards the source code comment - I cant recall anyone being sued as
you describe anywhere, ever,  except where the person concerned was an
ex-employee of the company in question. Perhaps you could provide a few
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Watson Ladd
Sent: 09 June 2006 00:08
And so Code Red never existed?
And never work on GPL code ever again because a lawsuit might be  made. This is why open source projects should create shell  corporations that own all the code: When a lawsuit comes, declare  bankruptcy, give them the rights to the code. Then fork off another  project and repeat. When they come after you, point out that the  previous owners waived the rights to prevent a fork.
Watson Ladd
"Those who would give up Essential Liberty to purchase a little  Temporary Safety deserve neither  Liberty nor Safety."

@_date: 2006-05-14 12:44:57
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Not to mention that under Bush, meeting the requirements of US law is
not required either. And they have certainly never worried about other
countries laws.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Eric H. Jung
Sent: 14 May 2006 03:33
LOL. Where have you been for the past 6 months with regards to the Bush
administration. Warrants in the US are no longer required.

@_date: 2006-05-14 13:34:51
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Talking of Microsoft; it is a claimed advantage of the new OS versions
coming out such as Longhorn server - they include 'Bitlocker' encryption
that is apparently highly secure and integrates with motherboard
chipsets (TPM modules) to provide end to end code authentication and
hardware security. If any one thing required to unlock it is missing -
e.g. original hardware, TPM or pass code, USB dongle, etc. then no one
is going to reading your data unless a compromise is found in 256 bit
AES encryption. So if for instance they take your disks away as per the French TOR node,
then you could destroy your hardware key (wipe TPM module, destroy
motherboard chipset or USB dongle) and they are not going to be reading
anything, ever. Even if they do take the whole system away then they
wont be able to login to access your data even if they can boot unless
they have your password (and biometrics or USB token, etc.) You can login using a USB token and then store the token away from the
PC. If the PC is taken then you can destroy the token (one minute in a
microwave oven is pretty effective). Then even if you are later required
by law to give up your 'passwords' you can show that is no longer
See and Another advantage of this is that they can't easily trojan or root kit
your OS at a low level - it would fail the signed code integrity checks
and would not boot.
I recommend not securing it with your finger prints though.
I wonder how law enforcement organisations and even organisations that
don't care about international (or even their own) laws such as the US
government will react to the increasing future common use of secure
encryption. Even our phone calls can now be secured from their
monitoring: Hash: SHA1
I'd say if you can register a server with the required data given you
can unregister it the same way imho. Just contact the adress for
Speaking of cloned hard drives and having his keys... that's where
"Truecrypt" kicks in. ;) Nicely encrypted files with hidden volumes
within the file. ;)
By the way, if you even want to melt the hardisk then you need to go
to the Mount Doom and drop it there, that's the safest way and since
you're already on it, that way you can make the Microsoft Tower of
Evil and its virtual armies collapse, too. ;) I doubt the normal
police has such good programs that survive melting and formating. ;)
In the end, it's up to you to decide what is necessary to trust your
hardisks again. Yet if I were the police I wouldn't waste my time on
someone who obviously had nothing to do with the crime, I'd rather
concentrate on finding criminals that can be traced back (and if they
listened to you then they know it's a waste of time in any case
because they can't track anyone back with your PC).
Anthony DiPierro schrieb:

@_date: 2006-05-14 14:45:01
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Correct that they can demand physical keys or passwords - but only if
they realise that they exist. As you say they will usually turn up and
just seize your hardware - you might not even be home! Before they
realise that they need a key you can microwave the token. You can then
surrender it when required and still meet your legal obligations... 'It
must have been static damage officer...you need to be more careful with
my equipment'
Yes they could get code signed in theory, but it makes it that much
harder - im sure Microsoft wouldn't be very keen on signing code for
government organisations to spy on people - imagine the impact on their
sales if it became public knowledge. Anyway, you can spot any changes in
your boot config checksums and be immediately alerted to a change.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Dave Page
Sent: 14 May 2006 14:33
Under the British "Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act", they would
simply confiscate the entire machine, demand any authentication tokens
required to access it, and lock you up if you refused to surrender them.
I believe similar laws exist in most EU jurisdictions now.
You're assuming that the police are not colluding with the DRM
manufacturers. If they have access to a signing key which the TPM
module will trust, they can put any trojan or rootkit they want on your
machine, assuming that Microsoft haven't done so already ;)
Remember, the point of restrictions management systems like TPM is that
Intel, Microsoft and other members of the TPM Alliance get to control
who has access to your computer, not you.
More reading:

@_date: 2006-05-14 15:05:32
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Not if you destroy keys before you are required to disclose them as I
thought I made clear. A notice under this section imposing a disclosure requirement in respect
of any protected information-   (a) must be given in writing or (if not in writing) must be given in a
manner that produces a record of its having been given;   (b) must describe the protected information to which the notice
relates;   (c) must specify the matters falling within subsection (2)(b)(i) or
(ii) by reference to which the notice is given;   (d) must specify the office, rank or position held by the person
giving it;   (e) must specify the office, rank or position of the person who for
the purposes of Schedule 2 granted permission for the giving of the
notice or (if the person giving the notice was entitled to give it
without another person's permission) must set out the circumstances in
which that entitlement arose;   (f) must specify the time by which the notice is to be complied with;
and   (g) must set out the disclosure that is required by the notice and the
form and manner in which it is to be made;
And yes I can already tell if my boot file checksums change. TPM code
integrity checks will just make it easier for Joe Public.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Dave Page
Sent: 14 May 2006 14:51
Which in the UK at least could land you in prison for up to 10 years.
Virtually nil? Let's face it, anybody who really understands TPM won't
be using Vista anyway, and those who don't will just fall for marketing:
"Microsoft are commited to helping the Government fight the War on
Terror and to this end have installed TPM software to protect our users
against terrorists and e-hackers"
I wouldn't be surprised if the US Government at least *mandated*
TPM-level access.
You can, can you?

@_date: 2006-05-14 15:10:18
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Nb- failure to disclose keys is up to two years in prison. Not 10.
(5) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable-   (a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding two years or to a fine, or to both;   (b) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
six months or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum, or to both.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Dave Page
Sent: 14 May 2006 14:51
Which in the UK at least could land you in prison for up to 10 years.
Virtually nil? Let's face it, anybody who really understands TPM won't
be using Vista anyway, and those who don't will just fall for marketing:
"Microsoft are commited to helping the Government fight the War on
Terror and to this end have installed TPM software to protect our users
against terrorists and e-hackers"
I wouldn't be surprised if the US Government at least *mandated*
TPM-level access.
You can, can you?

@_date: 2006-05-14 15:18:12
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Unfortunately you no longer have a right to remain silent in the UK.
Even for general offences they can interpret it as evidence of guilt in
Hopefully EU / Human Rights legislation will resolve that at some point.
You could however find other ways to get round the requirement. For
instance you could provide a USB token that contained the keys, but also
contained a bootable image that on inserting into your PC wiped your TPM
and then wiped the key. You have then met your requirement to provide
the key...
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Lionel Elie Mamane
Sent: 14 May 2006 14:58
Tony's point was that you could arrange not to have the authentication
tokens anymore. You better hope they believe you when you say you
don't have it, though. And under at least some EU registrations, some
people have a right to remain silent. Like the accused person, for
example. And people that have a right to remain silent can refuse to
hand over cryptographic keys.
Not that some powers haven't been known to first interrogate you as
"unrelated witness" (neither you, nor your family, is accused), where
remaining silent is obstruction of justice and punishable, and _then_
charge you with the information thus gleaned.

@_date: 2006-05-14 15:21:34
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Not if you didn't have them prior to receiving the notice and can prove
e.g. after taking away your PC and realising it is encrypted they return
with a notice. You then hand over token and say by the way I previously
destroyed the data on it so I don't have the keys. You have met your
legal obligations. There is no offence of 'suspecting a notice might be
served and destroying the keys in advance of receipt' that I am aware
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Dave Page
Sent: 14 May 2006 15:00
Not having the authentication tokens counts as refusing to surrender

@_date: 2006-05-14 15:35:08
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Nb - an interesting question arises with the use of TrueCrypt, etc. that
have passkeys that can unlock different levels of data. If you have
dummy volumes and provide the passkeys to just those have you met your
legal requirements?
The implication under the RIP act is that you have.
     (2) A person subject to a requirement under subsection (1)(b) to
make a disclosure of any information in an intelligible form shall be
taken to have complied with that requirement if- (a) he makes, instead,
a disclosure of any key to the protected information that is in his
possession; and
  (b) that disclosure is made, in accordance with the notice imposing
the requirement, to the person to whom, and by the time by which, he was
required to provide the information in that form.
So unless the notice specified exactly what data they wanted access to
(which presumably they would already have a record of to request it),
then providing that the notice only requires access to a specified Disk
or volume then it would seem you have met those obligations by providing
a dummy volume passkey.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Dave Page
Sent: 14 May 2006 15:00
Not having the authentication tokens counts as refusing to surrender

@_date: 2006-05-14 16:13:55
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Sounds like a format and key replacement is required as discussed then.
Thanks for the info.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of france-info at Safe-mail.net
Sent: 14 May 2006 16:11
I am living in France and working for some French security agency.
Please understand that I may not identify myself. Working for a security
agency does not mean that I approve all their actions, even those that I
MUST do.
Since about 5 years, French services are trying to control the
"anonymous" French based services. It includes TOR, and some remailers.
About 4 years ago (I don't remember exactly, and I am at home now, I
haven't my documents with me), we visited the operator of the remailers
FROG and AZERTY. We suspected him to be also the webmaster  of the
website CAMELEON, but it is another story.
We seized his computers, disks of course, etc, and arrested the man.
Then we told him "You have a choice between 2 options: You accept to
work for us, it means concretely to give us your remailers' keys and to
forward the remailer emails to us, or you will go to prison for threat
against the national security. Just a few months, the time we check all
your computers, make an audit on your disks, etc".
After 30 minutes, the guy gave us his remailers' keys, and accepted our
offer. He then re-installed his remailers, and all the traffic was sent
to us too. I remember that we asked him to NOT send us the garbage that
the remailers automatically send! Then our computers processed the
messages, using the remailers' keys. Of course we could not decypher
all, if Frog/Azerty was :"in the middle" we couldn't do anything. But
when these remailers where the first or the last one, it was very very
I don't know now if these remailers are still operated, I am working in
another service.
About TOR now: I MAY not say all what I know, as the case is currently
investigated by our services and I don't want to get into trouble! Just
know that France's policy is to NOT allow ANY remailer or anonymous
service run from France, UNLESS the French special services can control
it. This is a NO exception rule.
The only recommendations that I can do to the TOR users, is to NOT use
any French-based TOR servers in entry ou exit.
People here and there are generally against the US gov and say that he
"violates their rights". I don't know a lot about the US gov. But what I
know about the French gov, and the instructions our services receive a
few times by week, make me sure that the French citizens' rights are
perpetually violated, about phone tapping and internet.

@_date: 2006-05-14 16:33:53
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
The whole point is that you ensure any keys are destroyed before you
receive a formal request. It not 'evidence' until its requested by the
It is believed there is code in all major manufacturer colour copiers
and high end printers that can identify the printer serial number. It is
done via a faint yellow pattern on every print out.
The stated target is currency forgery but of course it has many other
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Eric H. Jung
Sent: 14 May 2006 16:28
Evidence tampering is a severe crime in the United States, too.
Don't any of you remember the Xerox scandal?
There's also code in high-end color Xerox copiers which prevents and/or
mangles copying of US currency. This was reported a few years ago IIRC.
Do you think Xerox decided to put these measures into their machinery
themselves? Or do you think they were asked/coaxed into doing it by The
Per US law, if a judge subpoenas you to hand them over and you refuse
and/or remain silent, it means indefinite jail time (until you hand
over the tokens) and/or fines.

@_date: 2006-05-14 18:40:13
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
2. The restrictions on encryption were removed some years ago. The best
encryption software comes from outside the USA anyway so it was always a
pointless exercise in futility.
Unless a vulnerability is found in 256 bit AES it would take them longer
than the ages of the universe to crack a key by brute force no matter
how many terraflops of power they have to task on your key (not to
mention the many others they might want to crack)
3. Filtering content is not quite the same as signing code and
pretending it comes from Microsoft. Such a piece of code would have a
changed checksum would likely be spotted and then analysed. I can't see
Microsoft doing that unless required by law.
4. TPM is part of the trusted computing concept. It just makes it much
harder. Not impossible.
On Behalf Of Ringo Kamens
Sent: 14 May 2006 18:31
There are a few key points that you are overlooking.
1. In support of the photocopying money scandal, most printers have
yellow dots imprinted on them that track date printed, serial number,
etc. 2. By US export law, US companies are not allowed to export encryption
larger than 56 bit (although it might have jumped to 128 a few years
ago), unless it has been certified by the government.  That means unless
it has a backdoor. Plus, governments have thousands of teraflops of idle
computer cycles waiting to crack your keys. 3. How can you honestly think Microsoft wouldn't bend over for the US
government. They bent over for China. Look at PGP. They moved to closed
source after version 6.0 with no valid reason. The reason is probably
the government. 4. In terms of using checksums to ensure your system hasn't been
tampered with, the computer hardware could have a defense system against
that such as trusted computing.
Ringo Kamens
 Furthermore, that's part III of RIPA which hasn't been enacted yet. This message has been scanned for viruses by MailController -

@_date: 2006-05-14 18:53:53
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Again it is very unlikely. There are many options to get the keys - like
forcing you to divulge them or wire tapping your keyboard.
If such a backdoor was included than it would likely be spotted. Here
are some comments on a similar accusation a few years ago:
On Behalf Of Ringo Kamens
Sent: 14 May 2006 18:43
I'm not saying the AES is weak. I'm saying that Microsoft might have
implemented a back-door for governments. They could store the private
keys and passwords in videocard memory or in the boot sector or
something like that.  2. The restrictions on encryption were removed some years ago. The best
encryption software comes from outside the USA anyway so it was always a
pointless exercise in futility. Unless a vulnerability is found in 256 bit AES it would take them longer
than the ages of the universe to crack a key by brute force no matter
how many terraflops of power they have to task on your key (not to
mention the many others they might want to crack) 3. Filtering content is not quite the same as signing code and
pretending it comes from Microsoft. Such a piece of code would have a
changed checksum would likely be spotted and then analysed. I can't see
Microsoft doing that unless required by law. 4. TPM is part of the trusted computing concept. It just makes it much
harder. Not impossible.
On Behalf Of Ringo Kamens
Sent: 14 May 2006 18:31
There are a few key points that you are overlooking.
1. In support of the photocopying money scandal, most printers have
yellow dots imprinted on them that track date printed, serial number,
etc. 2. By US export law, US companies are not allowed to export encryption
larger than 56 bit (although it might have jumped to 128 a few years
ago), unless it has been certified by the government.  That means unless
it has a backdoor. Plus, governments have thousands of teraflops of idle
computer cycles waiting to crack your keys. 3. How can you honestly think Microsoft wouldn't bend over for the US
government. They bent over for China. Look at PGP. They moved to closed
source after version 6.0 with no valid reason. The reason is probably
the government. 4. In terms of using checksums to ensure your system hasn't been
tampered with, the computer hardware could have a defense system against
that such as trusted computing. Ringo Kamens
On 5/14/06, Mike Zanker < mike at zanker.org  >
 both. Furthermore, that's part III of RIPA which hasn't been enacted yet. This message has been scanned for viruses by MailController -

@_date: 2006-05-15 23:01:15
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
No they didn't. That was refuted long ago. The key in question simply
allows signing of cryptographic modules for Windows as meeting NSA
crypto export requirements so that they load in non US Windows versions.
Because it was referred to as the 'NSA key' someone drew obvious (and
wrong) conclusions.
The NSA having their own key to do that would be of minimal benefit to
them when there are so many more direct methods of getting data from a
PC they can change code on.
Hash: RIPEMD160
and it should be pointed out that microsoft has already been roasted
publicly for putting a government key into some version of windows, i
can't remember which, they've done it once, i doubt they'd dare to do
it again though because people know they did it and would be looking
for evidence of it now.

@_date: 2006-05-15 23:04:46
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France + 
I have to agree there. Any porn is just pictures. Why shouldn't you look
at pictures? Who says it not 'art'. When does art stop and porn begin?
In the UK what is considered 'porn' that you can only subscribe to on a
private satellite channel that only broadcasts after midnight is
ridiculously soft. They cant even show entry shots. Supposedly to
protect children from seeing it - when it would be legal if sold as a
sex education video!. If you start censoring things then its hard to
stop and you end up with ridiculous situations like this.
The problem with certain types of pictures is what is required to
produce them, rather than the pictures themselves...And even then it's a
point of view as to where the limits are.
On Behalf Of Ringo Kamens
Sent: 15 May 2006 22:20
I want to add my two cents about child porn. Censorship is censorship,
it doesn't matter what you censor or by what logic you censor. Banning
child porn is censorship, copyright is censorship, and stopping people
from speaking who have opposing political views is censrorship. It seems
to be a well known fact that freenet is filled with pedophilia, yet
freenet is just fine and dandy. If pedophilia was a real threat to
privacy services, then proxies wouldn't exist.
 nodes. to protect itself Torland should put a site uo tp create this
block list and Tor EXIt servers use it if they wish.
tio theuir region. "obtain" pages/images/etc from URL/IP on these list according ot the
confugration they set. This protects them from that.
groups could double check to stop speech "censorship". Porn. Sex. Illegal porn. Blahblahblah. Total crap.
0050207-PZ/ 27x the.best.of.jihad.snuff beheading&shooting format: wmv/real 5125028
505.wmv  -- iraqi police officers in iraq (shooting) 3294790
american2.wmv  -- jack hensley in iraq 1085798 amil.WMV  -- unknown in iraq 6545968 amraky.WMV  -- eugene armstrong in iraq 8231054
ciaamil.wmv  -- unknown in iraq 2200551 cj_9833.RAM  -- daniel pearl in
pakistan 369937 fas.wmv  -- russian in chechnya 4187566 Intikhabat.wmv

@_date: 2006-05-15 23:18:22
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
They send you to prison if you don't give up the information.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Matej Kovacic
Sent: 15 May 2006 07:57
What about the priviledge of non self-accusation?
It is expensive, but you can just piss 'em off and buy new hardware...
bye, Matej

@_date: 2006-05-15 23:31:52
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Yes apparently it's not in force yet. I'm sure its coming though. Although as currently written there seem to be a few loop holes - e.g.
you can give up 'any' key and you can choose which key just so long it
meets stated the requirements of the request. There isn't a requirement
to give up 'all keys'. You can also destroy the key before receiving the
request if you think a request is coming. Giving up dummy keys that unlock dummy volumes would make it very hard
to prove you didn't meet the request unless the specific information
that they were looking for was already named on the request.
Or as I read it, you can destroy a key even after the request is
received if you can prove you no longer have it in your 'possession'
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Mike Perry
Sent: 15 May 2006 00:16
Thus spake Eric H. Jung (eric.jung at yahoo.com):
Where is your source on this? As I understand it, there are a few
fundamental principles of the US legal system that should render this
statement completely false. One is Habeas Corpus.. You can't just
throw someone in jail indefinitely without a criminal charge and a
trial.  Though it seems Bush&Co are violating it with "enemy combatant"
charges, I do not think they have the political power (at least
anymore) to name an anonymity provider as an "enemy combatant"
(especially if they are a natural born US citizen). The same applies
to the 72 hour warrant deal, at least as far as I can tell from
Second, if it is a criminal charge, you are not under any obligation
to testify against yourself in a criminal court of law (5th
ammendment). There are various exceptions to this, main one being if
you are not the person charged of the crime (though I think you can
still claim that such testimony may incriminate you for unrelated
matters). I suppose it could also be argued that the passphrase does
not count as testimony, but it sure seems like it is.
Finally, some googling on subpoena compliance seems to indicate that
punishment for subpoena non-compliance is 'contempt of court' charge
and fines.
That page advises you not to answer any subpoenas without challenging
them first, among other things (ie one state's court cannot usually
subpoena someone from another state). Contempt of court charges for
non-compliance may be repeated, but any contempt law I can find on
the web has some form of maximum limit. The longest I've seen so far
is North Carolina, which is a max of 1yr in 90 day increments:
Also, dunno how accurate it is, but Wikipedia seems to claim that the
key disclosure provisions of the RIPA (Part III) are not yet in force
in the UK:
We seriously have to watch our paranoia on this one. This is one of
those situations that if we believe we have no rights, it will be very
easy to knock us over, simply by playing off our fears and demanding
keys without any legitimate basis to do so.
If any Tor operator is arrested/detained in the US, they would do well
to refuse to surrender any passphrase until they are actually in court
and ordered to do so by a Judge (and then only after voicing protest,
to allow for clear appeal to a higher court). Cops will probably just
lie to you and try to convince you that you are required on the spot.
Ask for a lawyer immediately. This is not just to protect the Tor network either. With computer laws
as crazy as they are, and with the IPPA coming down the road, soon
simply having something like an Open Source DVD player or archiver on
your machine will be enough to land you in jail for a while, if it's
not already...

@_date: 2006-05-15 23:59:37
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France + 
Please define 'evil activities'
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Nick Mathewson
Sent: 15 May 2006 23:59
 [...]
only I typically argue this from the "can't" point of view, not the
"won't".  If it were possible detect block evil activities through
programmatic means, I *would* be in favor of blocking them.
Unfortunately, evil-detection isn't automatable (RFC3514
notwithstanding), and most schemes for blocking are both over-broad
_and_ easy to circumvent.
Non-automated schemes, as you say, fall for different reasons: you
can't make one without putting human judgment in the loop, and once
you've done that, you've appointed somebody as a censor, and you've
created a mechanism for someone else to take the reigns of censorship
in the future.
Also, there's the jurisdictional arbitrage problem: which local
standards does your hypothetical censor try to comply with?  China's?
Rather, if you're not willing to accept that people may use your
Internet connection to do stuff you don't like, don't run an exit
node.  You don't have to like everything that people do.  I don't
*want* people to use my software for any number of things, but I
believe that the benefits it provides do outweigh the problems.
built Hm?  I don't think Tor was built to prove anything; I think it was
built to further usable online privacy for everyone. :)
As for wasting the coders' time, don't worry.  We have a long history
of ignoring bad ideas.

@_date: 2006-05-16 08:20:40
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
The British authorities.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: 16 May 2006 05:04
Who are those "they" and "them"?

@_date: 2006-05-16 10:45:58
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
That could take years. Recently when the judges in the UK said detention of 'suspected terrorist' prisoners without trial was illegal, the government kept them locked up anyway.
I dont fancy waiting years in prison to find out.
I used to think we were a democracy too. Then again so supposedly are Israel and Zimbabwe...
Sent: Tue 16/05/2006 09:17
It is illegal because European Human Rights Convention prohibits it.
OK, you would go to jail, but at the end you would be free, get
satisfaction and have your own case on European Court of Human Rights.
I mean, even if you are guilty, it is better tactics to go to jail
without discovering evidence and then get free from European Court... :-))
P. S: I thought Britain is democratic country... :-//
bye, Matej

@_date: 2006-05-16 11:38:31
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: censorship 
Just like any other form of censorship, the definition of 'child', 'porn' and 'abuse' is open to interpretation. Looking at pictures that already exist doesnt directly involve abuse as already mentioned. The problem is that to make the picture usually involves abuse. But censoring existing pictures doesnt deal with the original problem.
As many have already mentioned censorship is a slippery slope and there is no way you can reach a definition of what is acceptable to all. Censorship of already published information is never justified imo.
Not to mention I assume the whole idea of a project like TOR is to defeat censorship.
Sent: Tue 16/05/2006 09:10
That is correct. But privacy protection - I mean personal data
protection - is also cenzorship.
There are some forms of cenzoship, which are bad, but there are some
forms of it which can be justified.
The difference between porn and child porn is the abuse of a child.
There is also privacy violation of a child, which can not give conscious
consent. I think cenzorship in that case is justified.
OK, it is a problem of being punished for only possesing child porn,
however idea is very simple: if there will be no demand, there will be
no supply. But I agree, in general that could be a problem. For instance
DMCA prohibits freee speech in area of removing copyright protection.
The problem is that ideas and possessing information becomes illegal,
not some explicitely hurting criminal act.
But the same problem is with freedom. By prohibiting murders, my freedom
is limited, someone could say. In general iti is correct, probititing
murder is a kind of restriction. But it is obvious that it is good
On the other side, prohibiting free speech is bad restriction. But in
the middle - it is a matter of discussion, even struggle. That's why we
have legal state and democracy.
bye, Matej

@_date: 2006-05-16 13:49:46
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: cenzorship 
You can say the word fire though in a conversation. Therefore it is not censorship. The content is not being controlled. If you shouted anything in a crowded theatre you would probably be kicked out.
Censorship doesnt target active known paedos like 'Megans Law', It just targets people that might choose to look at pictures (or anything else that someone else decides that you cant look at)
Sent: Tue 16/05/2006 12:36
OK, this need more clarification.
First of all, I am not pro-cenzorship.
But I think that freedom of speech is not unlimited. And if it is not
unlimited, that involves some form of cenzorship.
Foir instance shouting "fire!" in full theatre could be viewed as
freedom of speech, but also as a crime, because there will be panic and
lot of people would be dead.
So it is reasonalby to restrict freedom of speech, when we are
protecting some other important liberty. (OK, another problem is that
government is "protecting" us against "terrorists"...)
Could be problematic, when you are talking about privacy violation. I
don't want my personal data, pictures, etc. published. I have a right to
restrict publication of that information. And that is some form of
Yes, I know why is that problematic. I am just explainig what the
legislators were thinking of. However, in case of paedophilia, there
were some research (empirical data) about paedophiles. And Megan laws in
US were enacted because there is empirical evidence that 70% of the
paedophiles are commiting crimes again.
I know, this is problematic, and I am not pro Megan laws for some other
reasons, but they have some arguments. If there is empirical evidence
that cutting demand will cut the supply - and if there is strong
correlation between these two factors, that is pretty good argument.
However, we have not seen any analysis of anti-terrorist's measures (how
more safe we are because of them, which are successfull, which not,
etc.). That is the problem.
Actually it's simple - and not secret. State of law, transparency of
police, secret services and government, etc. All things we had few years
ago, and still have them "on a paper" (but not in reality anymore)...
bye, Matej

@_date: 2006-05-16 13:58:19
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: censorship 
Censorship does not prevent people molesting kids. It doesnt even target people that molest kids. There are plenty of pictures I would probably rather didnt exist. But then again I dont have to choose to look at them.
If I found pictures like you say - I would want to get the person that made them, not those that simply looked at them.
It is clear that for now that in general censorship of such material is the status quo in most countries. And is getting more and more widespread. It is also clear that reported cases of abuse are rising. Therefore QED censorship does not address the problem. Sent: Tue 16/05/2006 12:21
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Say with me: "Molesting kids is sick. If you need kids to get you off
you are sick and need treatment." Just use your common sense to judge
what is cp, it's not so hard. Theres nothing wrong with censoring cp
even if it means censoring material that already exists what difference
does it make? If you had children what would you think if you found CP
from internet involving your child? I dont think that you would be like
"Oh, it's OK, those pictures already exist" (except if you are a
Children should have normal and safe childrenhood, I dont think that
anything involving child abuse (meaning CP) should be available.
I just hate people like NAMBLA who are trying to justify their sick
urges. "Dude, you're having sex with children!" <- There is no defense
for that.
Defeating censorship is good, CP is bad. It's sad but CP and child abuse
just doesn't go away but that doesn't mean that we should accept it and
stop fighting back.
Uhhuhh... I just hope that Tor doesn't become like Freenet (or has it
already become). I dislike Freenet because it's so full of CP, some
groups openly support CP in Freenet (and it's written in Java).

@_date: 2006-05-16 14:00:51
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Censorship 
No im not convinced. They can already do that now. They dont need a law. Thats what Echelon is for. Thats why using encryption becomes more and more important for privacy. e.g. zphone from Zimmerman, Simp Pro from Secway and the capabilities of IPSEC and eventually IP V6 if you dont like the thought of governments watching you.
Sent: Tue 16/05/2006 14:39
Still not convinced ?... then chew on this....
..A simple law in the EEC/USA/CANADA requiring ALL network servers, including anonymous networks, private or public, to retain/publish logs of "network" packets/requests would immediately destroy EVERYTHING about Tor.
Are you gonna force them to do this to you? For they surely will, if you let them by not giving a little!

@_date: 2006-05-16 14:09:37
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: censorship 
And the site can simply move hosts or rotate addresses on a regular basis.
Sent: Tue 16/05/2006 12:31
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
It's ok if it doesn't mean that censoring 1 cp site means censoring 500
legal sites. Finnish operators are going to censor CP sites by blocking
ip-addresses... _Bad_ idea. Some people just won't get it that "one
ip-address does not equal one website". They are also blocking all email
and everything else from blocked ip's.

@_date: 2006-05-16 14:16:58
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: censorship 
Such legislation differs between countries or even between states.
I specifically said that I was referring to material that was already public. Censorship and secrets are slightly different topics. Certainly you could go to another country and legally read it so its a pointless exercise in futility.
Who said anything about distributing? I thought we were talking about the ability to view / download things.
Sent: Tue 16/05/2006 12:12
That is correct, however legislation is quite exact with these terms.
Hm, what about stealing some database with personal names and making it
In Slovenia we had a case, when someone published our former (communist)
secret service dossiers on almost everybody in our country (more than
80% population). That was illegal and banned, and is stil illegal, even
it was already published.
An in some (many, actually) coutries possessing (not "just"
distributing) child porn is illegal.
bye, Matej

@_date: 2006-05-19 15:11:20
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Did you see this? 
As the RIPA 3 is currently written there seem to be two big holes.
1. Destroy the key and retain proof that you destroyed it - eg microwave the USB key.
It seems that the law is only really designed to cope with keys (passphrases) that you can remember. Therefore if you have a physical 'key file' and can destroy it then there doesnt seem to be a penalty for that if I read it correctly. You can prove that you no longer posess the key - and therefore cant be penalised for refusing to reveal it!
2. Keep multiple keys (e.g. a dummy volume).
The act specifies that if there is more than one key, you can choose which key to give up!
Sent: Fri 19/05/2006 12:41
Yes, once this is passed encrypting storage with a passphrase becomes a
pointless exercise in the UK unless you are prepared to spend time at
Her Majesty's pleasure in order to protect your data.
I think the best solution is to run privacy services in a different
jurisdiction from where the operator resides.  For example, my Tor node
is located in Texas and runs from encrypted volumes that I manually
mount from the UK after a reboot.  I don't think the "special"
agreements between these countries currently stretch to international
demands for passphrases.  No doubt this would rapidly change if the
accusation was related to terrorism or possibly one of the other
horsemen of the infocalypse.
I'd be interested to hear other suggestions for circumventing RIPA.

@_date: 2006-05-19 19:22:00
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Did you see this? 
I didn't say a false key, I said a dummy key. One that will work, but
would unlock a dummy outer volume - but not all data within it. There is
no way of telling the inner contents of such a drive from random data.
There are several products that can do that. The act specifically says
that if there are multiple keys then you can choose which one to
Destroying a false key and claiming you didn't have the key would be
illegal if you still possessed the real key. -----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Jonathan D. Proulx
Sent: 19 May 2006 17:28
:2. Keep multiple keys (e.g. a dummy volume).
: :The act specifies that if there is more than one key, you can choose
which key to give up!
That just means you can revoke the key when they're done.  Giving a
false key is not giving a key.  You can play whatever games you want (ie microwave a different USB
frob while shipping the real key to a trusted associate in a country
without an extradition tready), but that isn't a loop hole in the law
that can be legally exploited, it's a dodge that can land you in heaps
more trouble if you're caught.

@_date: 2006-05-19 22:49:26
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Did you see this? 
Correct. It will look like the disk was unlocked, but the real data
remains hidden.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Jonathan D. Proulx
Sent: 19 May 2006 20:03
:I didn't say a false key, I said a dummy key. One that will work, but
:would unlock a dummy outer volume - but not all data within it. There
:no way of telling the inner contents of such a drive from random data.
:There are several products that can do that. The act specifically says
:that if there are multiple keys then you can choose which one to
:Destroying a false key and claiming you didn't have the key would be
:illegal if you still possessed the real key. That was my point, and I mis understood what you meant by dummy key
apaprently.  Are you talking about an encryted and steganographic
filesystem such that after a request is made (and granted) for the key
to the encrypted file|filesystem the nested encrypted file|filesystem
will go undetected and thus a key will never be requested for it?
How very Oniony...

@_date: 2006-11-30 17:23:37
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Stephen Soghoian on U.S. Gov't Attitudes Toward Tor 
If they use Relakks they they can make it much harder for the US governement to watch them - and get decent speed too - unlike with TOR!
Costs money of course, but not a lot...
Sent: Thu 30/11/2006 15:58
:Simple. It's okay for them to be sneaky to avoid *US* (the citizens)
:from knowing what they're up to, but *NOT* okay when we try to hide from
Probably true of the people paraphrased, but I'm sure ONR folks
understand if they're the only ones using it they ain't hiding from
anyone.  Most other TLA's are likely to miss this subtlety.

@_date: 2006-11-30 19:52:41
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Relakks 
I think you are mistaken. Going via an encrypted pipe to a foreign proxy
certainly does not make it easier. It is obviously much easier for the US government to observe an
unencrypted USA internet connection and all traffic to and from it than
to observe an encrypted connection that terminates in Sweden - together
with tens of thousands of other similar connections from the same
Sure with analysis and a fair bit of processing power they could
eventually match your output from Relakks to your source IP by a timing
attack. Assuming they can monitor a Swedish ISP at source. However, I
doubt that they have that capability - certainly the Swedish government
is very unlikely to give it to them. Anyway, the next time that you
connect and get a new IP then they have to work from scratch again.
It certainly makes it more difficult and probably out of reach of for
instance the RIAA, MPAA and other such rights restriction organisations
to go after file sharers, DRM hackers and the like.
Possibly if you are a terrorist and the NSA is able to bring all its
resources to bear then it is not enough, but it is probably good enough
for the vast majority that want privacy.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of coderman
Sent: 30 November 2006 18:29
governement to watch them - and get decent speed too - unlike with TOR!
let me make this really clear:
Relakks and other single hop proxies are trivial to observe for an
adversary correlating traffic.  Such services make it MUCH EASIER, not
harder, for governments to watch.  they also introduce a single point
of failure and require full trust in this third party.
Tor is slower than Relakks because it provides stronger anonymity,
which is a feature, not a bug.
best regards,

@_date: 2006-09-01 01:13:55
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Could i use tor to login Paypal? 
Hi, Paypal evaluate the fraud risks of user transactions for obvious
reasons. Using anonymous proxies will be more likely to flag you as a
potential fraudulent transaction or stolen account. I had the same issue
as the below - once cleared they don't seem to flag it again for the
same reason. This seems a sensible policy to protect users bearing in
mind the volume of fraud attempts via Paypal.
This is the same way as most online credit card processing gateway fraud
systems will flag connections via TOR or other known proxies as higher
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of BlueStar88
Sent: 31 August 2006 22:43
Fabian Keil schrieb:
My business paypal account is locked to reduced functionality too
directly after loggin in via tor. Now i have to bring additional papers
to proof identity again.
I think they're checking the source ip against the registered home
country. So if i call from Australia (i.e. Exit Node), but i'm
registered to be living in France, they do like this. On one hand a cool
security thing, on the other hand a bad side effect of tor...
Currently i stuck at reduced paypal account.
(There were no transactions in this time)

@_date: 2007-04-27 13:24:38
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Tor nodes blocked by e-gold 
No, its just SORBS, thay havnt got a clue. Avoid with long bargepole....
Sent: Fri 27/04/2007 09:03
I have checked a few long-runnig TOR nodes in the Sorbs SPAM blacklist:
Many of this servers are blacklisted in the database of
vulnerable/hacked servers:
"Likely Trojaned Machine, host running unknown trojan"
The nodes I checked are mostly well administrated and run actually
software over a time of 1 year. It may be, they are listed in other SPAM
blacklists too.
Karsten N.
force44 at Safe-mail.net schrieb:

@_date: 2007-04-27 15:53:31
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Tor nodes blocked by e-gold 
SORBS lists TOR servers as being SPAM related. Which is rather unlikely to be the case.
Sent: Fri 27/04/2007 14:42
Sorbs have *many* different lists. They do not just list sources of spam,
and nor do they claim to. See If someone ignorantly decides to start blocking mail or http requests
based on an IP being listed on the aggregate of all sorbs zones, ie
dnsbl.sorbs.net then it is they who are at fault, not Sorbs. Sorbs does
not tell you what to do with their lists.
http.dnsbl.sorbs.net  - List of Open HTTP Proxy Servers.
socks.dnsbl.sorbs.net - List of Open SOCKS Proxy Servers.
misc.dnsbl.sorbs.net  - List of open Proxy Servers not
                        listed in the SOCKS or HTTP lists.
So... If you're listed in http.dnsbl.sorbs.net, sorbs are saying,
"Last time we checked. There's an open HTTP proxy at IP x. Do
what you want with this free information". What they're *not*
saying is "Block IP x or you'll get hacked and spammed!!!"
So there are three main possibilities as far as E-Golds actions go as far
as I can see.
1.) They're ignorantly blocking Tor users without realising.
2.) They're blocking them on purpose because the collatoral damage is
    worth it to protect their other customers.
3.) They're ignorantly blocking Tor users without realising, but if they
    knew about Tor they'd do it on purpose anyway to protect their service
    and customers.
Sorbs are not doing anything evil, or scamming anyone. They are publicly
expressing their opinion and observations of behaviour from IP
addresses, and letting people do what they want to with that
The only solution to this problem is to contact E-Gold and try to get
them to whitelist TOR exit nodes, perhaps using
ip-port.torhosts.nighteffect.us. They might say yes, they might so no,
or they might ignore you. You're free to take your business elsewhere of

@_date: 2007-04-27 19:35:45
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Tor nodes blocked by e-gold 
SORBS marks TOR servers as zombie spammers I believe.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Mike Cardwell
Sent: 27 April 2007 16:23
Really? In which one of the following lists does Sorbs list Tor servers?
And in what way does the description mislead the user as to the purpose
of the listing?
 1.) http.dnsbl.sorbs.net
 2.) socks.dnsbl.sorbs.net
 3.) misc.dnsbl.sorbs.net
 4.) smtp.dnsbl.sorbs.net
 5.) web.dnsbl.sorbs.net
 6.) new.spam.dnsbl.sorbs.net
 7.) recent.spam.dnsbl.sorbs.net
 8.) old.spam.dnsbl.sorbs.net
 9.) spam.dnsbl.sorbs.net
10.) escalations.dnsbl.sorbs.net
11.) block.dnsbl.sorbs.net
12.) zombie.dnsbl.sorbs.net
13.) dul.dnsbl.sorbs.net
They each have very specific listing criteria, but none of them specify
"Tor exit node"...
unlikely to be the case.
other SPAM
not only. In fact they check 3 "spam databases" and if the user's IP is
in one of them, e-gold just declines any operation, people cannot even
login into their accounts.
SPAM databases! Spam is, as far as I know, an EMAIL problem, so why
would a domain block surfing from these IP?
would be listed in spam databases, as most of them (if not all) don't
accept sending mail requests. That is why I rather believe that e-gold
in fact fetches the TOR exit nodes list, and directly block their IP
without any proxy, cannot enter his account as his IP address (a dynamic
one from a dialup provider) was listed 2 months ago for spam!!!
their accounts, and so their money seems to be lost! E-gold was already
known to block accounts without any warning and explanations, recently
blocked accounts of all Iranian people and KEPT their funds, now they
automatize the scam process!

@_date: 2007-04-27 19:56:35
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Tor nodes blocked by e-gold 
It has changed since SORBS blacklisted my TOR node then. It said it was
Trojan infected or a zombie host at the time. I was told that this was
triggered by just connecting to certain IRC networks.
Maybe they have finally fixed their system.
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Michael Holstein
Sent: 27 April 2007 19:47
Um, in the interest of settling this argument :
grep router cached-routers |grep -v signature |awk -F " " '{print "host "$3".dnsbl.sorbs.net"}' |sh
(most return NXDOMAIN, meaning not listed by SORBS). The ones that do, return the database in which they're listed as the last octet.
       new.spam.dnsbl.sorbs.net    127.0.0.6
    recent.spam.dnsbl.sorbs.net    127.0.0.6
       old.spam.dnsbl.sorbs.net    127.0.0.6
    escalations.dnsbl.sorbs.net    127.0.0.6
        badconf.rhsbl.sorbs.net    127.0.0.11
Of the 887 IPs I have in my cached-routers file, 709 return NXDOMAIN. The others :
0	http.dnsbl.sorbs.net
0	socks.dnsbl.sorbs.net
0	misc.dnsbl.sorbs.net
0	smtp.dnsbl.sorbs.net
2	*.spam.dnsbl.sorbs.net
0	web.dnsbl.sorbs.net
0	block.dnsbl.sorbs.net
0	zombie.dnsbl.sorbs.net
46	dul.dnsbl.sorbs.net
0	badconf.rhsbl.sorbs.net
0	nomail.rhsbl.sorbs.net
So, according to SORBS, they're blacklisted because they're in dynamic IP ranges
Michael Holstein CISSP GCIA
Information Security Administrator
Cleveland State University

@_date: 2007-02-13 10:25:54
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: PHP coder needs Tor details 
Actually Windows does exactly the same thing. e.g. the 'Network Service' and 'Local Service' accounts. See People seem to forget that the original and worst worm outbreak ever - that efffectively shut down the internet for days was on UNIX...
Windows might have its problems but they are not unique.
Sent: Tue 13/02/2007 06:53
Please don't.
The very reason Unix is more secure than Windows is that Unix actively
uses the permission system to prevent insecure things like PHP from
munging the networking daemons.  By running PHP with higher
privileges, you'll make your Unix system just as insecure as Windows.
                                        Juliusz

@_date: 2007-02-13 15:26:55
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: PHP coder needs Tor details 
Windows hasn't rendered active content by default since XP SP2. It has never rendered it by default in Vista or Windows 2003.
Windows also no longer runs as administrator by default (I guess you havnt used Vista yet).
Its not just in theory. For instance IIS is now so improved that many sites fed up with the constant hacking, exploits, defacements and patching regime dependency compatibility issues that they experience on Linux are migrating over to Windows server 2003. This has been a consistent trend for some time now and Apache just dropped below 60% market share for the first time since 2002 as a direct result of cumulative migrations from Linux to Windows.
As you say 'most installations are now secure by default'. Touch?. -----Original Message-----
Sent: 13 February 2007 10:34
This is offtopic, but...
The point is that rendering active content is default, and running everything as administrator is default (in fact, most Windows userland software needs to be installed and run as administrator) -- the technology and the culture conspire to give us the 250 Mzombie Internet experience we love.
That was a long time ago. Unix is diverse, and most installations are now secure by default. The technology and the culture work together, and lower profile is one of the key points that diversity is good, monoculture is bad.
You're correct only in theory.
Eugen* Leitl leitl  ______________________________________________________________
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE

@_date: 2007-02-13 19:12:01
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: PHP coder needs Tor details 
Microsoft Outlook is part of Microsoft Office - not part of Windows. Possibly you mean Outlook Express. Outlook has not let you run emailed executables directly since the release of Outlook 2002.
Outlook has NEVER executed attachments by default without user interaction. You presumably refer to exploits resulting from viewing HTML emails. Sure there were a few of these, but security was considerably tightened on this since Outlook 2002, IE6 and XP SP2. I cant remember the last exploit on Outlook - they are certainly very rare in recent years.
The zombies you refer to are largely caused by historical bugs in IE6 on Windows XP and by people executing files and activeX addons from websites that ask them to. Not from any interaction with Outlook. The problem is made worse by the large number of people that run pirate versions of Windows and that have never installed XP SP2 because they cant - due to an invalid license key. (These issues do not apply to Windows server 2003 in a default install.)
With the release of IE7 and with Windows Vista the bar for exploits is much higher. Despite a year of betas for hackers to prepare and 3 months since release we havnt seen a notable Vista exploit yet.
Seeing as you are comparing, I seem to remember seeing dozens of get root exploits related to the 'sendmail' email component on UNIX - without needing any end user interaction.
I don't know where you got the idea that Linux has a faster IP stack than Windows Server. Pretty much every benchmark I have ever seen and my own experience contradicts that suggestion. Probably you just don't know how to tune and set the TCP Window size on your server. The Windows Server 2003 IP stack certainly outperforms the Redhat and Suse Linux IP stacks on standard HP server hardware. Especially when you look at high end cards like 10 Gbit Ethernet using Windows Server's scalable networking pack.
If you have ongoing resource issues on Windows Server then I would question your competence as a system admin or suggest you are running crappy software that has handle or resource leaks. Pretty much all resources on Windows are self configuring and any that are not are easily adjusted.
I get 90+ day uptimes on my Windows server running TOR (not to mention Exchange, IIS, etc) at without any resource issues at all. A reboot is only out of choice when I need to update or patch something. Current uptime is 42 days - since a disk change. :-)
Windows XP might have its issues, but to suggest that when comparing Windows SERVER to Linux that Linux is more secure is simply not the case. As you say, Linux is 'not a particularly secure operating system'
Sure PHP is one of the problems I was referring to - it comes on the Linux CD does it not? Not to mention exploits in SSH, SSL, and the many other LAMP related issues there have been over the last year or two.
Nb - GoDaddy as a business converted over 4.5 million web domains from Linux to Windows for several obvious reasons - TCO, performance and scalability:
Our business is based on providing the best possible service at the lowest possible price. This strategy requires us to maximize all of our resources, particularly our technology assets," said Warren Adelman, GoDaddy.com president and COO. "It was clear from all of the testing we've conducted that Microsoft provides an efficient and scalable operating platform, while also providing the performance needed to handle our extraordinary growth."
-----Original Message-----
Sent: 13 February 2007 16:35
Okay, I'll chomp upon this troll bait, and descend into lame OS penile
metrology. Hit delete *now*.
I beg to disagree. Outlook pane preview or opening a Word document,
or clicking on an attachment is equivalent to external code execution. How do you think that malware makes it onto those 250 Mzombies I mentioned? Have you seen a Unix mail client where the default operation
on an attachment is execution? Try executing something random
you download off the web either in KDE or Gnome, it's rather pedagogical.   Have you seen a FLOSS browser which comes with that great technology called ActiveX? God knows Firefox
has its issues, but IE it's not.
All very widespread operating systems, Vista especially.
And Windows 2003 server default browser settings are pure joy.
Nothing works anymore, so users so love it.   No, and I won't, unless I have to set up a VMware system for it at work.
I refuse to buy and run DRM-infested systems on principle. The necessity to install and run many userland things as
administrator is only indirectly Redmond's fault, but it
has become a part of the information ecology. It doesn't
matter that your OS wants you to be safe, but the applications
don't. You're stuck with that tar baby for a while.
I don't know what they're experiencing on Linux (it's not a particularly
secure operating system, unless cared for properly, I'd rather like
to get away from it on the long run, OpenBSD being the most likely candidate), but I don't know what a web server has to do with the OS kernel. You're probably (I have to guess here) referring to PHP, which is a) not a web server, nor an operating system b) should be certainly considered a cracker facilitation tool.
Clearly Sturgeon's rule directly applies here. Yes, I've stopped using Apache a long time ago. Strangely enough
my web server isn't even mentioned in the statistics. And it
is also pretty low on vulnerabilities count. Isn't diversity
Yes, these numbers are really so meaningful, especially since
GoDaddy converted to MS and hence IIS for no obvious reasons, and it
made rather a spike on the pool. Also, again: Sturgeon's rule.
As you know, millions of flies can't ever possibly be wrong,
so let's all dine on excrement.
I guess time will tell. I do not anticipate a decrease in the
number of Windows zombies anytime soon. But if it happens it will be certainly a pleasant surprise. As to tor, I just wouldn't run it on a non-server system.
(No, Windows 2003 Server is not a server OS -- I know, since
I have to support it).
Both the IP stack performance is awful, there are resource
exhaustion issues which require periodic reboots lest system
lockups occur, and you're not supposed it make it easier
for Mallory by running a router on a vulnerable system.

@_date: 2007-02-17 18:17:07
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Tor experiment: request for assistance from operators of UK nodes 
It would probably have helped performance if you had picked addresses
that can all actually be traced all the way...
If you add -w 500 to the Windows command lines it will be a lot
-----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Steven Murdoch
Sent: 17 February 2007 18:01
I'm a researcher at the University of Cambridge, and I'm studying
anonymous communication systems (e.g. Tor). I also operate a Tor node
(ephemer) myself.
Currently, I'm working on a study to discover how diverse the location
of Tor nodes is on the Internet, to see how secure it is against someone
who controls a few ISPs. As a case study, I'm using the UK as an
To do this I need assistance from the operators of Tor nodes in the UK.
It doesn't matter where you are located, I care about the Tor server
itself. I'd like to find out the path between UK Tor nodes and a sample
of others and a few websites too. I've written a script for doing this, which is simple enough for anyone
to check that it does what it says. Would you be able run this on the
same computer as your Tor node, or another which shares the same
Internet connection?
There are two scripts, one for Linux/BSD systems and one for Windows.
You only need to run one, and if possible please use the Linux one (it's
faster and produces more useful data).
The Linux script can be found here (use this if possible):
 After downloading, at a command prompt, type "chmod 755 traceroute.sh"
to make it executable and "./traceroute.sh" to run it.
The Windows one is here:
 To run it, just double click on it
There are PGP signatures here:
  The Linux one takes about 2-3 to run and the Windows one will take about
3-4 hours. It doesn't need any attention once started, so you can just
leave it in the background. When it is finished, it will say "Completed". It will produce a file
called traceroute.log -- this contains the data I need, please send it
via email.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask, either on or
off-list. I am also sjmurdoch on the Tor IRC channel.
Thanks in advance,
w:

@_date: 2007-02-19 20:19:39
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Security concerning Tor, BitTorrent and Firewall 
For basic anonymity for bit torrent leeching try this TOR doesn't have the bandwidth to spare.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: 19 February 2007 19:49
Tor & Privoxy & Vidalia bundle 0.1.1.26
Windows XP Home
3com firewall
I am using Tor behind a 3com firewall, in connection with ?Torrent.
Before using Tor I -naturally, having not opened any ports on the
firewall- experienced low connection (up&down) rates in ?Torrent. However,
after installing the Tor bundle and configuring ?Torrent for use with the
Tor proxy server (as described at
93c23cec9198550816a114012bde0), I suddenly experienced connection speeds
which would equal those, had I used a normal port forward on my firewall.
Firstly, how does this work?
Secondly -on account of a port forward always being a security risk- Is
this a similar security risk?
And lastly, if it is indeed a security risk (no matter how small), does
this apply to other programs than BitTorrent clients, using the Tor proxy
I first inquired with the Privoxy about this issue (presuming that it was related to Privoxy) and I recieved the following response: I am fairly certain that my ISP is not the issue here, so I remain puzzled... And I've so far not found any answers in the Tor documentation.
Anybody got something on this?
- Arand

@_date: 2007-02-26 14:31:19
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: ISP controlling entry/exti ("Low-Resource Routing Attacks Against Anonymous Systems") 
Im sure plenty of terrorist states would like this sort of access IF their adversaries were actively relying on TOR to communicate.
Your comments on Jewish names and origins equating to TOR operators being Jewish seems tenuous to say the least. Is YOUR last name Sagdiyev by any chance? ;-)
Sent: Mon 26/02/2007 14:01
nodes:  when Tor
on the same /16
that this is likely to
ISP (Same datacenter, same
that they are next to each
like that). They're in
the same path in this
isn't going to tell Alice
Goverument ISP
regarding the paper in
from going entirely within
the directory authorities
identifying routers
adversary. And this may be the
be a good idea.
is the adversary, for
of Government
at ALL the ISPs (There
time to time, some refuse,
owns RELCOM, a major ISP.
Russia in the same circut. But
it a good idea? Or is /16
know the location of US
on to Iran - and we
many different ISP's
very well-funded).
your friends to run
NSA and other branches of
ripe's netname:, or look at
real answer as I see it is
setup 800 yourself and
getting very expensive to be
This is all true of course and the US government could
well be paying
for around the globe Tor servers.
However, I believe this attack would be just as easily
committed by a
globally distributed religious group with a single
country at the centre
of the spy network.
The country I have in mind is Israel and international
jewery providing
the Tor server spy network. Also, Israel could pipe
off all the
international intelligence agency snoop data using
their moles within
worlds military, security and police services.
Together with jewish ownership/control of many ISP's,
all of this data
could all be pooled back in Israel to provide the
largest "global
adversary" in the world. Of course, occasionally,
Israel could give the
other intelligence agencies the odd tip here and
there, so as to keep in
their good books.
Just imagine up to 75% (currently) of the tor server
nodes could be so
easily be seen by Israel
How do you defend from such an adversary? (Thats a
question - I have no
answer! If someone does please tell all!)
I expect I'll get some flak here, particularly from
jews, or other
useful idiots who for one reason or another have been
duped into
assisting them. So I'll provide some proof. Don't take
my word for it,
see for yourself.
All of you gentiles who read this, should go to the
tor ortalk archive
and look at the names of tor operators who posted on
this mail list.
Then check the posters surname as to whether its
jewish or not.
Here's some useful links for this...
  (good general list
- but you have to
use your brain.
eg Gold = Old = Mold = Fold = Bold = Gould = Good =
Coward = Corn =
Field = Hay = Straw think in terms of "sounds like"
(Gould = Gold),
"spelt like" ([B,F,G,M]Old = Gold), "equivalent to"
(Good [as] = Gold)
and "looks like" Gold [color of] = Corn = Hay = Straw
= Sand = Beaches
(like Dingle Bay Sands in S.Ireland) = Celendine (a
yellow flower) =
Butter = Buttercup (yellow flower), "trans-language"
Feld = Field =
Felps = Philps = Phillips, "related to" Gold [color
of] = Corn [of] =
Field[Feld] = Hay = Straw)
 (these are
nearly all jewish
names but some are converts/married into/taken names
eg Wallace
[originally Scottish], so beware, use your brain!)
Also, names to do with "prestige" (often valuable)
eg Royal family surnames like.. Windsor.
London, Paris, Berlin etc.
Expensive hotels, fabrics, furs, cars, wine, drinks,
the printing
industry, the jewelery industry (from rings & watches
to pens), the fine
china industry, fine art work and antiques, law giving
(eg Judge =
Solomon = Wisdom = Wise = Salt[er] = [Al]Bright =
Shine), jewish
biblical characters  (eg Sampson = Strong = Simpson),
Countries (eg
England, Ireland, Welsh, German), wood, rivers etc eg
"Brook[s,ing]" = King Davids bloodline = Star[r] [of
Ok, so now you can do the numbers yourself.
My count is about 50-70% of the posters are jewish, or
of jewish
origin.  If this is translated to % of tor servers
then that means about
50-70% are already run by jews!
And when they post that they have been attacked by
someone, like Mike
Perry (pear champagne - upper class cider!) did (MITM
attack), you can
bet your bottom dollar that they themselves are
carrying out such attacks!
The solution to MITM attacks is simple - 5 primary tor
servers who are
in telephone/personal contact with each other! They
send each other
large public keys on a regular basis. They then check
(random) portions
of the keys out over the phone or in person. Enough to
be sure there is
no MITM between them.
Then these servers publish public keys to a  further
15 secondary key
servers who themselves are able to check some of the
keys over the phone
or in person. This pretty much guarantees 2 more
layers of entry security.
1. Primary public key node
2. Secondary public key node.
3. Current system entry nodes.
Then all the primary and secondary servers publish
large public keys (a
small list of) to both an internet web page (with save
key file to disk
feature) and on the tor directory. So that you can
verify (by copying
save to disk into torrc file) via other internet
access ports (eg
internet cafe) when we first enter (or declare
re-entry) the tor
network. This is not done every time we re-boot our pc
or re-connect
tor, just when we first connect (or force a
[If necessary, phone numbers can be supplied for
persons in areas (eg
just outside) where a know firewall adversary is
active eg China, so
that a primary check can be made on their first entry
key (or declared
re-entry) into the tor system.Obviously, it will take
more local
volunteers to assist in this if its done! Though it is
not relevant to
the core method]
Once a tor user or tor server have secured a genuine
public key upon
first connection they then hand to each of the 5
primary and 15
secondary public key server nodes a short list of
public keys that can
be used by any server to first contact them! This list
is published (and
updated/rotation wise regularly), securely, to all
directory servers.
They used in the first exchange with the usual tor
servers, they would
have to be broken before a MITM attack was possible.
By updating and
rotating keys regularly there would be little chance
of such an attack
(although it might be possible on a random basis - but
unlikely on a targeted attack). Anyone wishing to talk
to any tor node
then gets one key (random) from one of the key
servers. Not all the key
servers have to carry all the keys for all the tor
users, just a few are
held by each and only SERVER node public keys are held
at ALL. Ordinary
no server node users just get a public key from  of a
server (after
initial MITM protect entry protection). Once this
occurs the directory
list is downloaded (multiplely if necessary) and these
should have MITM
free communication so should be genuine server keys.
Because of this MITM entry protection, ALL tor
communications will be
To simply re-connect (not a forced re-connect) your
tor uses the
previously stored directory list and link securely (no
MITM) to a key
server for a new master key and then get a new list.
All that is now required is a few new setting in
1. List of check entry node keys pasted in (+ key node
node identity) -
as obtained form your internet cafe or verified
(partly at random) over
the phone.
2. A switch to specify how secure you want to initiate
a connection (and
obtaining tor directory list from).
Trust Primary Key Servers only
Trust Primary & Secondary Key Servers only
Trust P & S initialized (first connected) server nodes
only -  No MITM
defense (as is currently used)
Trust All Servers - No MITM defense (as is currently
used) - fall back
if all else fails!
3. A switch to specify how secure you want your tor
circuit to be.
Trust P & S initialized (first connected) server nodes
Trust All Server - fall back if all else fails!
4. Specify list of Key server nodes to always use.
All 20 of the initialization (P&S) key servers must
have the following
information supplied on tor.eff.org website.
1. Real (and verified) name of operator or
organization (with nominal op
2. Brief CV of the operator or description & location
of the
organization & server
3. Country of operation.
4. No. of years operator has been running tor server
5. Verification that tor server is/is not
working/funded by or working
out of a military or intelligence agency funded
6. Method of initialization public key checking being
carried out - eg
phone, personal visit
7. Frequency of public key churn.
If anything here is too onerous then just pare it
down. It should at
least have 5 Primary large key servers who can
guarantee they are not
MITMd and a web site to independently download their
rotated public keys
If tor finds it is unable to confirm this primary
servers public key in
its initial directory then it should report "suspected
MITM", and a
check list come up (not from the web, that gives the
show away) with
further verification tests and places to contact for
Now that's room service!  Choose from over 150,000 hotels
in 45,000 destinations on Yahoo! Travel to find your fit.

@_date: 2007-02-26 15:20:03
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: ISP controlling entry/exti ("Low-Resource Routing Attacks Against Anonymous Systems") 
I was referencing Israel from your rant - commonly accepted to meet the description of a 'terrorist state' by the likes of Amnesty International and others - my own opinion isnt really relevant.
Cant say I agree with anything else that you have to say though.
In particular you are apparently confusing Borat with his creator. And Jews with Zionists.
Sent: Mon 26/02/2007 15:05
sort of access IF their adversaries were actively
relying on TOR to communicate.
I am sure that the fear you create of  "terrorist
states" getting "this
sort of access" will keep idiots running round on
their wheels in their
cages forever, but intelligent people will see through
your ruse.
to TOR operators being Jewish seems tenuous to say the
least. Is YOUR last name Sagdiyev by any chance? ;-)
No, its ... a secret..
Just let the gentiles take a look for themselves, will
They don't need to be herded like sheep by jews.
Those you haven't managed to kill off, that still have
a brain, are
netitiled to thinki for themselves! Even if they are
not up to the speed
of their brighter ancestors who people like you
managed to slander, ruin
and eventually kill off before they passed on much of
their IQ genes on
to the next generation.
I am sure you know all about Borat he's a jewish
Trojan horse, taking on
the persona of the "despised enemy" of jewery, only to
ridicule it! Oh
and if there are any gentiles out there who in any way
think they can
strike a "deal" with these fiends, then think again.
Take a look a the
biblical, middle-east, near-east and N. Africa.
Egypt - save the jews bacon then were ruined by them.
Palestine - annexed by them
Jordan - annexed by them
Lebanon - annexed by them
Syria - annexed by them
Babylon (Iraq) - take as slaves and then ruined by
Persia (Iran) - infiltrated and ruined by them
Read the old testament bible its all in their. Pure
poison! Notice the
way ALL their neighbors are said to be EVIL. What do
you think they say
about YOU!
Today these great nations are ruined, drained of
natural resources and
have little technology. Dead since the jews pulled out
and moved to the
greener pastures of Europe.
These nations only hope was their oil. Now they don't
have that even.
Then they followed that with..
Rome - infiltrated and ruined by them
Turkey - infiltrated and ruined by them
etc etc...
Do some work people, don't trust me, and dont trust
someone who comes on
and tells you not to bother.
Save your bacon, before its too late!
Anti-semitic? hell no
Anti-jewish? hell yes, after what I've seen I'd have
to be a complete
twat not to be!
Looking for earth-friendly autos?
Browse Top Cars by "Green Rating" at Yahoo! Autos' Green Center.

@_date: 2007-02-26 16:19:21
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: ISP controlling entry/exti ("Low-Resource Routing Attacks Against Anonymous Systems") 
Personally I cant see the advantage of it be ruined by 'Jews' - as compared to 'Nazis' - or anyone else. Surely this is just a personal preference?
After all we dont care (or know) what the content they are sending is do we?
Sent: Mon 26/02/2007 16:01
Hum, yes. But the real conspiracy is when Jews hide themselves under
"John Doe".
Sorry, I think it is better Tor network is completely runned by Jews by
than Neonazists.
BTW: That kind of stupid propaganda is very dangerous for the idea of
Tor. We need Tor to enhance freedom of speech in nondemocratic
countries. We do support freedom of speech and democracy - and not
terrorists, paedophiles or neonazists.
bye, Matej

@_date: 2007-02-27 20:56:22
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Norwegian DNS compromized 
Erm - isn't that censorship? Surely that defeats one of the main
objectives of TOR.
Once you add the capability to do that the Chinese will be blocking
BBC.COM via TOR....
On Behalf Of Mr. Blue
Sent: 27 February 2007 20:05
I would just like to say that we should report that alolita.com because
it is connected to bunch of PEDOPHILES!!!
Is must be banned from Tor netowork and it should also be reported to
The first test, where alolita.com resolves to different addresses, is
concerning. Did the site just change addresses in the last day or so?
(Those timeout values are one hour, and one-half hour.)
Don't pick lemons.
See all the new 2007 cars
  at Yahoo! Autos.

@_date: 2007-02-02 02:24:50
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Some networking questions 
1. a) Approx 50 metres. Depends on the environment, the cards, the
transmission power and the wireless band / standard being used.
b) No it wont extend it. You need a customised router or software that
behaves as a wireless extender to do that.
2. See  for firmware for routers that will do this.
3. a)That would depend on the size of the directory and the load. b) Windows XP is not optimised to perform as a server and comes by
default with lots of extra processes and services running. However, If
it is an option then Windows Server usually outperforms Linux at
network, application and fileserver benchmarks on the same hardware. Apparently from: owner-or-talk at freehaven.net
been using and promoting tor for a long time and I'm working on a new
project to create a ready-to-go LAN package of tor (for running tor on a
LAN). Here are my questions.
a restrictive firewall blocking access to some internet sites. SOME tor
servers are blocked, others not.
excludes non-local IPs from connecting and doesn't advertise to other
directory servers, would it mess with tor connections? The reason I ask
is I think if I have a local directory server it could do all the work
of finding out that certain tor servers are blocked so that the user
doesn't have to go through all the trouble. I'm aware this would lessen
people's anonymity. Is there a way to improve that?
ad-hoc network. Inside the cache file is a list of lots of IPs where
servers on the network *might* (since IPs are semi-dynamic) be located.
All tor installs by default run servers (middleman, exit, rond. etc.) as
well as an authoritative directory server. Nothing ever exits the
wireless network as it would only serve to help people use
service with unlimited CPU/bandwidth/etc. (assuming normal end-user
machines are all clients and servers and wireless network speed is
around 56 mbps)
subnet (let's say for example's sake, this means 1000 IPs), how many
times will tor try each IP in the list before it is deleted, and will it
be put there again if a local authoiritative directory server suggests
"down" before it is removed from the list?
wireless network in example one but have a local-only tor network as in
example two in case the filter starts blocking ALL the tor servers on
the external internet.
to run a tor client inside of a tor client to stop adversaries from
finding user identitied (since on a wireless network all data can be
seen by anybody)
clarified. Any other related suggestions are helpful. Any help you can
offer on any of these questions is appreciated.

@_date: 2007-03-08 10:38:54
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: blog about tor and skype 
A possible solution to this would be to use Zfone over TOR. See The RTP clients would need to support TCP to use TOR - See However TOR is really not ideal for low latency traffic like real time voice.
Just using Zphone seems like the best future option. Once support is built into new VOIP hardware and the transition to VOIP becomes global this will hopefully completely prevent the current routine monitoring of the worlds telephone calls by countries with little regard for human rights such as the USA, and by econonic intelligence gathering systems currently used for large-scale commercial theft and invasion of privacy like Echelon.
Sent: Thu 08/03/2007 04:10
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
1.) Skype Call Traced
 also directly relevant to my point
2.) need i mention skype is closed-source?
3.) when starting Tor, "This is experimental software. Do not rely on it for strong anonymity."
conclusion: don't mix a weak link with a weaker link and expect a reliable chain :)

@_date: 2007-03-02 16:48:42
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Tor server web page? 
Or -----Original Message-----
On Behalf Of Brian C
Sent: 02 March 2007 16:11
Another example of what you're looking for:

@_date: 2007-05-29 13:36:03
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Sampled Traffic Analysis by Internet-Exchange-Level Adversaries 
Windows has offered over 10 Gigabit throughput on a workstation (running Windows Server 2003) since 2005...
Sent: Mon 28/05/2007 21:22
Solaris 10 TCP/IP stack rewrite claims 10 GBit/s throughput, but I
have not seen this independentaly corroborated yet.
I presume capture is possible, but just how deep an analysis could
you do on a current quad-core box?
Eugen* Leitl leitl   ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820      8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE

@_date: 2007-05-30 11:54:44
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Wanted feature / option 
Spammers use other peoples hacked PCs to send messages and the 'reply to' addresses are faked. So all in all, rather pointless...
Sent: Wed 30/05/2007 04:54
I was testing a spam-reply script and or-talk at freehaven.net got into it somehow.
My bad, sorry.

@_date: 2007-05-30 16:26:08
@_author: Tony 
@_subject: Sampled Traffic Analysis by Internet-Exchange-Level Adversaries 
That's clearly an erroneous statement. There was an off the shelf Windows based 10 Gigabit capture and realtime packet inspection device available in 2004 - the NAI 'Sniffer Portable Lab 10 Gigabit Ethernet Analyser' system and a wider selection is available today, e.g. Wildpackets Omnipliance.
Windows can now process traffic at multigigabit traffic rates fairly easily due to its extensive and standardized TOE (TCP Offload Engine) support with a large and growing selection of compatable high end hardware.
To use TOE hardware in for instance, Linux, you have to hack the kernel to support the capabilities of your particular network card. Of course as with many things in Linux it's a bolt on afterthought so doing so cuts out features like netfilter, traffic control, packet scheduling, QoS, performance monitoring and more. Not to mention that TOE technology is patented so Linux will probably never have full enterprise multigigabit TOE adaptor support out of the box. To deep inspect the packets once captured is just a CPU intensive task. Windows is often is the best solution for these types of task due to the advantages of Windows advanced kernel memory management, features and scheduler. (See the several interesting presentations by Mark Russinovich on the subject).
I cant comment on the capabilities of Solaris mentioned previously or others such as BSD as I havnt seen any paper or stats on the subject. However I know that Sun have been working with 10 Gigabit Ethernet for years as an alternative to Infiniband so I would expect Solaris' capabilities to be significantly better than Linux.
As a technical background, the major networking scalability limitation in Windows 2003 / XP was the NDIS 5.1 design limit of 1 CPU per network interface. As the below example is running 14Gbits throughput with 15% CPU utilisation on 2 year old hardware it isnt that much of a limitation.
The NDIS 5.2 stack that is included in the free Windows 2003 Scalable Networking Pack ups that limit to 1 CPU per TCP connection. With the Next Generation TCPIP stack and TCP Chimney included in Vista (already out) and Windows 2008 (due out in a few months) the bar goes even higher. See  and Sent: Wed 30/05/2007 13:57
Totally different operation regime. Filling up the pipe is one thing, deep-inspecting
every packet something else entirely. Windows can't even handle the realtime requirements.
Eugen* Leitl leitl   ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820      8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
