
@_date: 2010-08-24 14:12:14
@_author: Jason 
@_subject: IP-tables and TOR 
dhcp?  Unless you want to statically assign your address for _every_ network you connect to (I'm assuming a laptop/mobile device). ntp?  I've found TOR is much more reliable with an accurate clock.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-06-17 19:37:44
@_author: Jason 
@_subject: Orbot Transparent Proxy fails on Nexus One 
I have a rooted Nexus One running Android 2.2 (Froyo).  I installed Orbot, and gave it permission to run as root.  However, I've unable to get transparent proxying to work.  Neither Fennec nor the built-in browser get routed into it...
Has anyone encountered this?  I enabled transparent proxy, it comes up fine (or it says it does), and ... ?    comes up right away and says no go.
Jason. To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2015-03-07 19:32:45
@_author: Jason Cooper 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Blocking Baseless Speculation 
Sorry, I disagree.  This forum-mentality really throws a wrench in the lessons
we (the online community) have learned over the past 30+ years.
The concept of 'banning' someone is found worthless on any sort of serious
inspection.  You aren't banning a person, but an email address.  The annoying
person simply creates a new email address, commence whack-a-mole.
Just because a piece of technology gives you the ability to do something,
doesn't mean exercising that ability is a good idea.  ref:
govt/Internet-mass-monitoring.  Banning someone makes the banner feel
self-righteous, but inflames the banned.  Free-speech suffers.
The correct answer has always been "Don't feed the trolls".  It works well.
Annoying people are simply attempting to elicit a response.  Upon failing to
get one, they move on [1].  People have a right to say whatever they want,
that's what free speech is.  The corollary to that is that no one has to
If you are *really* offended by a particular person's continuous rants, you
have many tools available to you.  Procmail the address to /dev/null, ignore
the thread in your mail client, blacklist the address in your addressbook,
etc.  The difference being, each person is choosing what to ignore, vice one
person choosing for everybody.
If you accept that banning causes email address rotation, then banning actually
breaks the ability of individuals to ignore trolls.
Until listmembers get in the habit of ignoring trolls, it may be helpful to
have recognized leaders on the list reply to trolls with a gentle reminder:
"Please don't feed the trolls."
Just my 2c.
[1] The most stubborn one I've ever seen was the anti-systemd troll on lkml
over the past year or so.  Rotating email addresses, etc.  But eventually, he
did give up.  I might agree with his point (but not his method), but lkml
didn't get him anywhere.  Out of probably 50 to 70 (maybe 100) emails, I don't
think he got a single response.  He was ignored by everyone just like the
patches that aren't for a subsystem you care about.

@_date: 2016-02-25 00:18:47
@_author: Jason Cooper 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Thoughts on Tor router hardware 
Hi Rob,
There are many benefits, but see below...
I agree, with caveats.  Usability, yes.  Security is a bit more
While there are definite, obvious improvements in security posture, such
as ease of configuration, isolation, and leak prevention; there are a
few landmines about.
The first problem is a good source of random numbers.  See some
discussion on the cryptography mailinglist, here [1].  Embedded systems
don't have RDRAND or RDSEED like x86 does.  Additionally, most lack
high-resolution timers.  Which are essential for extracting entropy from
interrupt timings and such.
Newer hardware has hwrngs, but their robustness leaves something to be
desired.  Additionally, Tor users tend to be a paranoid lot, and are
prone to avoid hwrngs that are opaque and unverifiable.  :-)
While mixing seeds from multiple sources doesn't academically solve the
entropy starvation problem, it does make it orders of magnitude more
difficult for an attacker to guess the inputs in order to predict the
output of Linux's prng.  This is most likely where a practical solution
Any embedded Tor router is going to need to address the above problem in
order to avoid weak ephemeral keying.  Personally, I pre-load my
firmware images with /var/lib/misc/random-seed.  It's the result of
pulling seeds from multiple x86 boxes with long uptimes and then xor'd
together.  *Then*, I turn the box on for the first time.  But that
doesn't scale for a product.
The second concern is a lot less critical.  arch/arm/ doesn't support
KASLR yet, and even if it did, you have the above-mentioned entropy
Last is updates.  A critical piece of any successful security product is
a secure, and hopefully automated update process.  I've not checked the
current status of OpenWRT, if they don't offer it, it would need to be
added.  Users rarely, if ever, update systems.  It's even worse for
printers, routers and other embedded devices.
I certainly agree, especially if the default configuration includes "Is
your bandwidth capped?"  If not, it's configured and a low-prio relay.
I definitely think the project is worth pursuing.  But the quality of
randomness, especially at first boot, needs to be addressed before
releasing the first version.  Auto-update, ideally should also be in the
first version, or shortly after.  Before reaching critical mass.
Just some thoughts.
[1]      Top of thread:
