
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:11:40
@_author: Random Tor Node Operator 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New TOR Service Suggestions and Enhancements 
Hash: SHA1
While I strongly agree that a distributed HS system would be very
desirable, I find the idea to make it dependent on any kind of payment
very appalling.
Especially your point 1c, which is exactly what many ISPs try to force
upon their customers nowadays. Be on the slow lane or pay a premium. And
what if a critical mass of users is already on the fast lane? Thanks,
but no thanks. Best effort should remain the way to go.
What you call the gateway would also be a single point of failure.
Unless that gateway was decentralized, too, some TLA could simply decide
to seize it because one of the countless Hidden Services was doing
something bad. Consequently, all other HS would fade out when their keys
This kind of approach would be needed to go beyond a "simple"
distributed storage for static files. How else would you host a HS which
runs any kind of interactive content...
Have you had a look at YaCy [1]?
Why do you want to sell anything and everything? The nice thing about
Tor is that you can set up your own HS *without* the need for a central
authority and *without* the need to pay anything.
For decentralized instant messaging (without the need to pay, I might
add), have a look at TorChat [2]
Yes, because those with most money and willingness to pay are those with
the most important news for everybody.
Do you realize that one of the points of a *Hidden* Service might be
that it does *not* show up in a publicly available list of services?
Feel free to create a HS for users new to Tor, which exemplarily
introduces the users to some Hidden Services cherry-picked by you.
Best regards,

@_date: 2013-11-19 11:47:06
@_author: Random Tor Node Operator 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New TOR Service Suggestions and Enhancements 
Hash: SHA1
Can you specify what kind of abuse you are expecting to prevent by
introducing a payment system?
Don't even think about letting the Tor project have the power to disable
a given HS. It would make them subject to legal liabilities and
harassment at its finest. IANAL, but in principle, the Tor project
would then be responsible for any and all HS and anything and
everything people might do with it. That would, likely literally, be
fatal for Tor.
You seem to view payments as a viable way to prevent abuse. Have a look
at the "Real World", where nearly everything is subject to fees. No
abuse anywhere, right? It just does not work. Requiring payments *is* an
entry barrier, but it does *not* filter out the bad guys, only the poor
Also, the fact that everyone can trivially set up a HS without requiring
anyone else's permission or going through any kind of potentially
de-anonymizing process like a payment, is of the absolute key aspects of
It is a very democratic, maybe even slightly anarchistic approach,
without any gatekeepers.
Doing away with that in an anxious attempt to reduce unspecified cases
of abuse would be a terrible idea in my opinion.
And I can only speak for myself here, but I would surely NOT run one
single Tor relay if I knew that people using it were somehow required
to make any kinds of payments for their use. I am only willing to do
so because Tor is a "hippy freeloader universe" and I gladly support that.
Different wording, same meaning.
That approach is based on discriminatory treatment as a function of
coughing up money.
As far as I can tell, that goes pretty much against the goals Tor is
aiming to achieve.
If you are worried about the operating costs of node operators, have a
look at this discussion: [1].
Notice that even if it were trivially possible to reimburse node
operators according to some distribution scheme, you must take into
account the implications of that.
When you suddenly introduce a financial incentive in running Tor
nodes, the relative amount of idealism is likely to drop, because you
attract people for financial reasons.
Go ahead and write a paper about how to implement a distributed static
file hosting scheme to be integrated into Tor.
Proposed requirements:
- - Node operators define a certain, arbitrary amount of disk space they
are willing to share for the service
- - Files must distribute automatically among nodes, given some minimum
redundancy (Maybe 3? Maybe the actual redundancy should automatically
scale up if there is "enough" space available on the network?)
- - Node operators (or anyone else, for that matter) must *never* be
able to tell what files are currently (being) stored on their nodes.
Obviously, everything needs to be entirely encrypted, so not even
filenames or filesizes can be seen on any node.
- - For scalability, there should at least be an expiry date and/or a
way for the uploader to delete files afterwards, so the storage
requirements don't run off beyond all bounds over time.
And that is only the "easy" task with static files.
Try to come up with a viable system for distributed virtual machines!
Why exactly should it be rewritten?
Feel free to come up with ways to integrate it into Tor... without the
need for a rewrite.
See above.
Good luck with that.
In principle, you need the same requirements as for a distributed
storage of static files, plus some more, because only the recipient
must be able to read and delete their emails.
Also, perfect forward secrecy [2] might be desirable for emails.
Something that is not available for example with GPG.
Maybe you should also have a look at Bitmessage [3].
There are better concepts than money against spam [4].
Can you explain why exactly we require that? There is no global index
of the "normal internet" either, at least none that is intended to be
used by humans.
Best regards,

@_date: 2013-11-19 21:28:26
@_author: Random Tor Node Operator 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New TOR Service Suggestions and Enhancements 
Hash: SHA1
It is rather obvious that resources are always finite in the end.
The naive idea of payments being a savior to all scalability problems
is what bugs me.
a) It would introduce a single point of failure (the payment gateway).
b) Consequently, the user would not be in full control of their
service anymore.
c) Also, it might have legal implications if Tor started to collect
money to set up some HS which later is found to be subject to prosecution.
d) It would be an undemocratic entry barrier to Tor.
If you fear somebody would fill up all storage alone, check out [4] in
my last message. Technical measures against this kind of attack do
exist. Without money being involved.
See above. That obscure payment gateway would be a single point of
failure for any and all HS.
So you want to lock out the poor guys because you think Tor might
scale better that way?
And where exactly does the introduction of an additional single point
of failure make it "easier"? And where "more secure"? Nowhere!
As long as the user cannot create a HS anymore like now, where they
generate a private_key and keep in their (and only their) hands, your
proposed system is surely *less secure* and *more complicated*,
because that obscure payment gateway would have a say in the creation
of such private_key (or similar) files.
Also, the feds could simply seize the obscure payment gateway or force
Tor to shut it down or interfere with it the way they like (because it
would obviously be under control of the Tor project) and thus render
their targeted HS useless, at least after a while. It could, depending
on the implementation, render *all* HS useless, but that's like what
they did before, with FH. As far as I can tell, legal services were
hosted there, too, yet they were all being destroyed as collateral damage.
The Tor project must never, ever, have any say or technical influence
in what people do with it, or they will be subject to terrible
liabilities. Your payment thing would do just that.
So you think running Tor relays is *not* helping the Tor
infrastructure? Interesting.
As far as I can tell, the current system works. For every so many
"ordinary users", Tor attracts one person who is willing to run a
relay, bridge, or submit patches or whatever.
Scalability in general *is* a problem, but none that can be solved by
introducing a paywall for users.
It does indeed make sense. It is called "solidary group" or "shared
risk pool" and is frequently used in insurance schemes.
You have a pool of resources (in case of distributed static file
hosting: bandwidth usage, disk space, CPU cycles) and it is evenly
distributed along requests. Best effort. And as long as the pool is
sufficiently large, it works. And yes, it would indeed be too much to
specifically ask HS operators to pay for their specific use case. For
privacy reasons alone.
As long as the fraction of people willing to contribute to the network
and the "ordinary users" stays at least constant, this aspect of
scalability won't ever be a problem.
If you want to offer a commercial hosting service within Tor, give it
a shot. You could charge your users proportional to the resource
consumption they require. And it would all scale so damn well! You
could buy new hardware and all from your revenues!
Or, if you simply want to set up a regular Tor relay, you can email me
off-list, I will gladly assist you.
In your proposed paywall scheme, I don't see "better services", I
don't see "secure options", and the extortionate "choice" of "slow for
little, faster for premium" is not a choice I want to be exposed to.
Alright, I'd say make it workable for Tor and submit some proposals
and/or patches with this functionality.
If it gets accepted it would surely satisfy the criteria I defined
above, and I will then gladly share something around 100 gigabytes on
my relays for that.
Congratulations, that's what's called Chilling Effect. It is pretty
much what Tor is aiming to eliminate. People should speak freely.
Please do away with your paywall idea.
Go ahead and do it, make a start page for Tor as a HS.
Best regards,

@_date: 2014-01-16 22:08:42
@_author: Random Tor Node Operator 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Filezilla Through Tor Connectivity 
Hash: SHA1
In Filezilla's Site Manager (leftmost button), you can choose the
protocol you wish to use (FTP, SFTP) for any given server entry.
In order to make Filezilla use Tor, go to the Settings dialog and
navigate to "Generic proxy" under "Connection".
There, enter the following:
Proxy host = 127.0.0.1
Proxy port = 9050
Tor must be installed and running of course.

@_date: 2014-07-12 00:06:04
@_author: Random Tor Node Operator 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Putting the "Tor" back in Torrent 
Hash: SHA1
There are at least 2 problems with many "make users a relay by
default" ideas:
1. Some overzealous website administrators blacklist all Tor relay
IPs, even non-exits. [1]
This might cause lots of frustration in users when they realize that
some sites lock them out because they used to be running a Tor relay
for some time on their IP. Right now, that type of problem is limited
to very few cases where relay IPs are used for non-Tor purposes as well.
2. Currently, the time constant of the Tor system to pick up a new
relay[2] is way bigger than the time of a typical Bittorrent session
(This is a handwaving guesstimate of mine).
So the effect of contributing to Tor that way would in most cases be
One could think of a way to have Tor use something like "short-lived
relays", which are perhaps propagated through a DHT instead of the
regular consensus system. On the one hand, that would make "giving
something back to the network" a whole lot easier. On the other hand,
I can hardly estimate what the security and anonymity implications of
that would look like.
[2]

@_date: 2014-10-12 10:08:25
@_author: Random Tor Node Operator 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Relay Smartphone App 
Hash: SHA1
On 12.10.2014 02:31,
If your mobile was connected to your wifi and went through the same IP
as your existing relay, it would not make much sense to set up a relay
on that phone. Even though you can have up to 2 relays from the same IP.
If the mobile connected out through a different IP somehow, you could
set up another relay on it.
In any case, the relay on the phone will have a different fingerprint.
Don't copy over the key of your existing relay.
Also, make sure to remember that relays need to be directly accessible
on at least one port. So you cannot run a relay if you are behind a
NAT that you cannot configure, as is often the case in mobile data

@_date: 2014-10-31 19:25:16
@_author: Random Tor Node Operator 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Facebook brute forcing hidden services 
Hash: SHA1
That would probably have gotten you the BadExit flag, though.

@_date: 2014-10-31 22:11:39
@_author: Random Tor Node Operator 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Facebook brute forcing hidden services 
Hash: SHA1
Yes, if he puts all of Facebook's IP ranges in his ExitPolicy and
keeps that (probably time-dependent) list up to date all the time.
Using the method described in [1], I currently get 72 IP ranges for

@_date: 2015-05-20 11:11:39
@_author: Random Tor Node Operator 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Use of TOR for illegal activities 
Hash: SHA1
Do you see the fallacy there?
It is *illegal* to falsely yell "Fire!" in a crowded theater. But
there are *no technical measures* in place to prevent you from
actually doing so.
Same goes with Tor. It may be illegal to do X according to judicial
framework Y, but Tor does not technically prevent you from doing it
