
@_date: 2015-12-15 03:14:50
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why is 'Wgm' (middle-relay-for-guard weight) not zero? 
hi starlight
to your text
there are several possible answers for such a purpose
Improving Tor's anonymity by changing guard parameters
On the Effectiveness of Traffic Analysis Against Anonymity Networks Using Flow Records
to your subject "   For all circuits, we weight node selection according to router bandwidth."
if a node's weight is zero there might be not enough router bandwidth for (another) Tor user
you don't want to be the only Tor user who isn't squeezed out of this circuit and have to remain for a deanonymization attack

@_date: 2015-12-15 04:43:17
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] webfingerprinting against Tor user and padding 
hi Tor talkers
A Critical Evaluation of Website Fingerprinting Attacks
- BuFLO, CS-BuFLO, Tamaraw
- fill the gaps with generic patterns of the node' server family even with fake bursts
- +4k display
- High End GraCa
Kind regards

@_date: 2015-11-10 13:56:08
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Dev-OR: "...Just Open Sourced TensorFlow, 
Hi Tor Talkers,
"According to Dean, TensorFlow is well suited not only to deep learning, but to other forms of AI, including reinforcement learning and logistic regression. "
What about to learn Tor AI browsing and routing? A machine understands its own language at its best at least to circumvent censorship.
Best regards

@_date: 2015-11-17 22:10:51
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] check 
Hi Tor Talkers
first time i noticed something like that
it appeared between two taps
do you have this kind of check
Kind regards

@_date: 2016-04-01 02:34:57
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CloudFlare blog post - Addendum 
Hi Tor Talkers,
there is someone who wants to make us believe that the FBI is seeking a backdoor in Tor via CF like the PR we read with Apple and he posted his thoughts to pastebin at ~1.200 hits and trendy

@_date: 2016-04-01 08:20:12
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CloudFlare blog post (@bino and @Btfsplk) 
Hi bino and joe
sent you both pm to cut answer to the list short:
yes, 20 times ciruitswitch clicking at green onion icon exitnode was {us} this time
get through with same technic as above
Clicking at the green onion icon near the address bar is huge way faster rather than looking on "street/grass/palm"-signs pretending being no (ro)bot. Sometimes looking for alternatives with same information (look at search word-snippets) by search engines even in "cached modus" is as constructive.
Maybe this "onion clicking"-surfing is noticed as "malicious Tor use" but don't know and doubt that this kind of "traffic" is up to 94% of all users. And besides: Is there any difference between doing captchas manually or by bot? Isn't there a business model to pay someone one bug to do - lets say - 100 captchas manually and real criminals fake their id beforehand, oh wait i found one site (sorry don't want to make an ad here, it is just the first this searchenging provided, and it seems outdated):
So it is just an argument in favor for the Tor Team speaking with CF.

@_date: 2016-04-01 13:31:57
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CloudFlare blog post 
Hi Lars and Tor Talkers,
Really? *smile* That will be pretty annoying to have java/captcha mandatory. Humm, you can cut that long story short and introduce global real name surfing, IP-IDs (e. g. Korean) and on the long run voluntarily live on credit and in modern slavery to do whatever the ("62/147"*) persons might tell you otherwise your living standard will scored downward, faster. There is guidance - like "Orwell" was - called "The Power of Five". It is totally irrelevant under which government you want to live, today. You can travel anywhere and settle in your preferred gouvernment like democracy, monarchy, dictatorship, communism, else; there is no systematically change. But now we have Tor and quite some time on our side to let those join us who can leak information via free speech to uphold a technical distance from everybody's de-anonymisation. * link to
62 (They were 80 the year ago)
Richest 62 people as wealthy as half of world's population, says Oxfam AS PROTESTS against financial power sweep the world this week, science may have confirmed the protesters? worst fears. An analysis of the relationships between 43,000 transnational corporations has identified a relatively small group of companies, mainly banks, with disproportionate power over the global economy.
When the team further untangled the web of ownership, it found much of it tracked back to a ?super-entity? of 147 even more tightly knit companies...

@_date: 2016-04-01 22:23:39
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is "James Harris" the Tor Official to fundraise for Tor? 
second other site to donate
Hi Tor Talkers,
sorry for the long subject
 Sophie Hassfurther:
It is quite interessting while there are only 10 out of 100k bugs in 4 days donated. But i can remember that there was an official tweet to donate to Tor to get independent from...
There is another site which claims to donate for Tor. Looks not that suspicious as the first one:

@_date: 2016-04-02 23:02:09
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "Circumvent" Cloudflare Captcha alike Sites with 
Hi Tor Talkers,
i wonder if e. g. google translator may help to read the info behind captcha walls:
just let a script translate the url-content
e. g. google translation
from detect language
to portuguese/spanish/etc.
unfortunately this translation script will not translate the same languages (portuguese => portuguese)
but you can open two TABs and reverse translate it by c'n'paste into the same language
i just tested that thing on this concrete url

@_date: 2016-04-03 00:07:21
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "Circumvent" Cloudflare Captcha alike Sites with 
Hi Tor Talkers
Kristoffer Rath Hansen
It is uncomfortable in the usual way, that's right. But despite of it this technic shows that e. g. google translation has its own way to get behind the CF-Tor captcha wall even while contacting google as Tor user - and the Tor user can get the information the site provides.
To avoid mistranslation just mark the text you want to read in the translated version.
Right click on that text
click on "View Selection Source" and voil?
 A carta de Bendine precedeu um extenso material divulgado na intranet, no qual os funcion?rios s?o informados das mudan?as na estrutura interna que ser?o implementadas desta semana at? setembro. The letter of Bendine preceded a extensive material published on the intranet, where employees are informed of the changes in the internal structure to be implemented this week until September. O teor do comunicado ? de engajamento, uma tentativa da dire??o da empresa de convencer os empregado de que os cortes no pagamento de bonifica??o com a redu??o de 44% do n?mero de cargos gerenciais ? necess?rio para preparar a companhia para o atual cen?rio da ind?stria petroleira. The statement of the content is engaging, an attempt by the company's management to convince the employee that the cuts in payment of bonus to the 44% reduction in the number of managerial positions is necessary to prepare the company for the current situation of the oil industry . Segundo o executivo, a Petrobr?s precisa de ?agilidade para se adequar a um novo patamar de pre?os?. According to the executive, Petrobras needs "agility to adapt to a new price level." It is better than doing captchas without success. And you learn bilingual texts :)
3. unfortunately google doesn't translate every text and website. there are some which are e. g. too long or have "security issues".

@_date: 2016-04-03 00:21:07
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "Circumvent" Cloudflare Captcha alike Sites with 
Hi Tor Talkers,
very elegant and smooth, thx
that will work with any other proxy search engine avoiding that click on ixquick proxy...ixquick pretends to provide anonymity:
"The only search engine that does not record your IP address."
would be interesting if you could use services like donations this way.

@_date: 2016-04-04 02:49:25
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and browser lock 
Hi Tor Talkers,
will that "lock" apply to the Tor browser, too?
The company says new technology will lock users' browsers and prevent Internet access until they pay a fine. it sounds like a business model copied from these crypto trojan.
Der Erpressungs-Trojaner CTB-Locker hat es dieses Mal nicht auf Windows-Nutzer, sondern auf Webserver abgesehen. Er hat bereits Dateien hunderter Websites verschl?sselt, ein Ende ist derzeit nicht absehbar.
sorry, only german. ctb locker encode not windows user but webserver until you pay for a key release.

@_date: 2016-04-04 14:50:46
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Innocent Seattle Exit Operators And Privacy Advocates 
Hi keb and Tor Talkers,
it is a good advice but this time? it doesn't appear that the activists have technically done sth wrong. in contrary please take a moment to read that passage of the article.
Bultmann and Robinson run a Tor exit node out of their home
Many of those who maintain the network nodes have been raided by the FBI across the country.
the fbi is quite active these days
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has assured law enforcement across the United States that it will help unlock mobile devices such as iPhones involved in investigations when it is allowed by law and policy. the civil forfeiture may help other law enforcements to comply with feds while it is removed from their state law
The "Equitable Sharing Program" gives police the option of prosecuting some asset forfeiture cases under federal instead of state law, particularly in instances where local law enforcement officers have a relationship with federal authorities as part of a joint task force. Federal forfeiture policies are more permissive than many state policies, allowing police to keep up to 80 percent of assets they seize.
Asset forfeiture is fast growing -- in 2014, for instance, federal authorities seized more than $5 billion in assets. That's more than the value of assets lost in every single burglary that year.
with the help of the world 16 million citizens have pulled down the wall of mass surveillance in 1989 just to realize to be mass surveillanced with more modern devices. there will be a 4.500 qkm camp for refugees near syria/turkey. refugecity they call it even without concrete coordinates right now. how long will it take us to pull down the wall of fear. with any election these days the voters select their smaller terrifying future or - while their live is already without hope - the most worrying future for others painted by media/politicians. the panama paper project comes in the nick of time for the us election. but why can't we scroll through the database on our own as we can in wikileaks files? Is that really a leak as we are comfortable used to from the whistle-blowers JA supports. and why is  down for Tor users even with any other proxy i've tested even google translation don't work
there are some really nice categories as snippets show. well perhaps somebody is already on to it and my browser can't connect cause of the traffic

@_date: 2016-04-05 03:38:27
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Innocent Seattle Exit Operators And Privacy Advocates 
Hi Tor Talkers,
concerning again that passage:
Bultmann and Robinson run a Tor exit node out of their home
i thought "run out of" is like run out of school what means for me "doing everything except school activity", but now there are some quotes from the activists which reads the opposite, they installed the exit node within their home and the fbi raided that place. a hint: just in case a fbi agent doesn't leave you while you want to change clothing not to wait freezing in the cold morning outside your home untill their search inside is done. you can put clothes on top of your pyjamas and you must not be nude in front of that officer in your home. if you run a Tor exit node at home you will remember that unless you want it. hmmm
Is that already a trigger for bad pranks or halloween surprisenings like a guidance to that joke (in short):
 Dear Papa, Don't dig up that garden. That's where the bodies are buried. Love, Vinnie
At 4 a.m. the next morning, FBI agents and local police arrived and dug up the entire area without finding any bodies.
Do you really just have to leave a low cost tiny wlan Tor exit node every now and then for a fbi surprise in the morning? And make the "april fools day call" at lunch time while your pranked friend is not yet fully recovered. Or in case the mucked person awaits a stripper in official clothings every morning.
Or do we have to read that raid article in combination with the notice "Tor and child pornography" from e347c518 at ghostmail.com?
all germans must praise the lord that all those disappear from the normal internet and gathered in the *.onion "heaven". you have to know that no german citizen is allowed to have a single byte of childporn in the device's RAM. it is totally forbidden to possess a digit from that kind of stuff even when you never ever have seen that (on the display while browsing). a single pic (e. g. 1MB) would suffocate the drive (e. g. 1TB), your live. so it is good you can't reach that *.onion haven without Tor. that is good news for germans to stay away from long term jail as some already got click baited while they wanted to do online banking or go to their favorite online game.
and another glimpse to that words
that "research" is a point to emphasis. i wonder how many good investigators in relation to bad visitors got trapped in that fbi server cp-honeypot. even the EU payed/pays NGOs to look for such sites to uptodate a family filter; not to mention that they got very angry when they noticed that those exploit(ed) the filter and make a low cost yellow page out of it.
assuming all those pages are now in *.onion then all those investigators from all over the world are there, too, even those who got payed by EU to make family filters. if those investigators from the global internet are all unorganized (anonymous via Tor) everyone of them wants the other one jailed (honeypots and surfer likewise). they have to think all others must be the bad visitor. to assure the evidence from each other they have to make traffic, lots of traffic. and it is not that astonishing that the left hand don't know what the right hand does even when they are not that anonymous:
"The fighting has intensified over the last two months, as CIA-armed units and Pentagon-armed ones have repeatedly shot at each other while maneuvering through contested territory on the northern outskirts of Aleppo, U.S. officials and rebel leaders have confirmed."
oh and there is one more thing. the dot on the i, the cherry on the cake. every nation has that "problem"- really besides the persons who choose their job while it is what they like to do most (you don't choose car mechanic while you want to touch and grope people in a row all time long you choose TSA "screener" or "good investigator") -, well besides that it is that problem you have with intels:
"All das machen, was man schon immer machen wollte": Der Verfassungsschutz wirbt auf ungew?hnliche Weise um neues Personal. Wer f?r ihn arbeite, d?rfe "straflos" Telefongespr?che belauschen, sagt Pr?sident Maa?en.
2015 the federal office for the protection of the constitution in germany is desperatly searching for employees with the slogan: "you can do whatever you want without consequences" even listen to phone calls.  in 2014 no one was answering that call although you could have earned 2.900 euros monthly:
Bis zu 2900 Euro brutto zahlt der Verfassungsschutz f?r Nachwuchskr?fte. Dienstort ist K?ln-Chorweiler, was fr?her einmal eine sozialdemokratische Mustersiedlung war, heute aber eher ein Standort jener Leute, die der Verfassungsschutz auch im Blick hat. Das klingt nach einem soliden Bewerbungsprofil. Offenbar gab es aber keine Interessenten auf die Stellenanzeigen.

@_date: 2016-04-06 04:05:06
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Innocent Seattle Exit Operators And Privacy Advocates 
Hi Phil Mocek and Tor Talkers,
 Mocek thx for the links. normally there is a cache of a website for some time. but this time i got none. so thanks for the links.
 nevertheless, the two activists are now known and never search engine forgotten at last as some who were raided for a childporn picture by police and fbi. if you need a job or want to fund money for a campaign or project even for another Tor Exit Node it will be a lot harder or impossible. and that is the more crucial thing what has happened here; fearful activists in spe will think twice doing a Tor Exit (at home). in these times it isn't "not guilty until proven otherwise". if you want a relationship with another employer, partner or travel around (with visa) it will be hard if someone search your name now in the internet. the most people don't read to the end. they aren't interested in "not guilty" but in "unless it was really but hidden". that is cruel. you don't want that in your digital CV for a single childporn picture which never existed, you never possessed you never saw. as previously said <1MB childporn pic suffocate all your equipments (can't use it after policed touched it)
and change your life. i understand now, you really want to change something desperately in the USA while installing a Tor ExitNode in your home. that is hard core. but you can get wet once only when it is raining. i hope the number of the community and the tor exit nodes operators will skyrocket now and every time a raid like this happens. perhaps we should make some search engine words suggestions trendy for the raid winners
Bultmann Robinson nobel peace prize winner best employee of the month guardians of the gate Tor is where your home is home is where Tor is

@_date: 2016-04-06 04:18:08
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Innocent Seattle Exit Operators And Privacy Advocates 
Hi Phil Mocek and Tor Talkers,
in times of internet of things they will empty your home completely from the lamp to the fridge including your driverless car
do you remember the dump behind the place "from dusk till dawn"

@_date: 2016-04-06 06:24:36
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Innocent Seattle Exit Operators And Privacy Advocates 
Hi Coyo Stormcaller and Tor Talkers,
Coyo Stormcaller:
why should someone prepare for illegal raids? why should someone spend time on such thoughts
legal or illegal raids that is their exclusive power that is their game their rules they will win
the more they do such raids the more people will turn away even within their own rows
the more time a minority spend on an single person of the majority the less time they have left
people who loves freedom outnumber the others, always so time is on our side if we are organized we can add the time of any single person to our advantage
when someone is picked by a raid others can come to help in the form the one needs, others step in the place the one was
that is our game our rules we win
and Tor is anonymity it could wipe off all differences if it is what a user looks for e. g. it is neither black, nor white, nor red nor yellow or in between you can be man or woman or in between that is one thing what you can get out of Tor

@_date: 2016-04-08 03:46:18
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor ExitNode with solar powered drone and by protection 
Hi Tor Talkers,
i saw the bags of  and the general problem for a Tor ExitNode at home
the thoughts
why don't you put it to a drone or two, one drone to do the ExitNode and the second for the solar power?
that couldn't be that heavy a drone can't carry even when you can add a chainsaw to a drone
Flying chainsaw or to lift 33kg/72,7Lb beer
Heavy Lift 1135mm 33kg Hobby King Beer Lift
the drone(s) must not fly all the time if you have a place it/they could stay put and out of reach (that avoids the noise the drones make, too) if you look a bit paranoia do a alarm system on it so you get a notice if your drones get touched
maybe you can extend the distance with some literally bridges like wlan/handy/burners
depending on the country you need a license to fly a drone or/and an insurance or/and to be a member of an air/flying association to cover the damage your drone might do to others when it isn't that save for the drone during a windstorm
another thought is more handycrafty
put the exit node in a thing that fits in the surroundings outside the home (stone, tree, grass) with a 3D printer you easily get the best fit
there is a library project, too
at last they need more popularity
Faced with police and city concerns, library director Fleming agreed to turn off the Tor relay temporarily until the board could reconsider. ?We need to find out what the community thinks,? he said. ?The only groups that have been represented so far are the Police Department and City Hall.?
Jacob did some Tor Exits in museum, i heard of. perhaps some churches , art galleries or med clinics will spend asyl for Tor, too.
the church kopimism will do that, i suppose so.
The Church, based in Sweden, has been officially recognized by the Swedish Legal, Financial and Administrative Services Agency as a religious community, after three application attempts.
perhaps there are other Tor user/exitnods protective synergetic effects by the one or other constitution. so the time you spend to avoid law enforcement at home you could spend to persuade someone but the person must do that on free will not while you have induced your will to the person.

@_date: 2016-04-09 03:38:31
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor ExitNode with solar powered drone and by protection 
Hi Tor Talkers,
when Julian is save for that long in an embassy Tor Exit Nodes should be, too. i heard that a chief of intel-mission of a foreign country is a resident of the capitol's embassy in your country. they should be interested in a Tor (Exit) Node.
and the CIA was so kind to update (1st april 2016) their most important people around the world. maybe they are interested in running a Tor Exit Node, too. 210 pages with Names and Organizations around the world:
It starts with Afghanistan Pres. Ashraf GHAN
and ends with
Permanent Representative to the UN, New York Frederick Musiiwa Makamure SHAVA
PS Off Topic till end of mail - get well Julian I heard Julian's shoulder(s) aren't that well and he has problems with the one or the other teeth.
Shoulder: not easy, get a white (good, not skin meant) Reiki Master for healing, it works even if you don't believe in it or haven't met before. if they are good they don't have to touch the skin and if well coordinated they can collect the healing waves from others Reiki healers around the world as well if there are more who spend some healing energy. It will buy Julian some time until he could get proper treatment. They usually want a single bug. It is their philosophy, i guess.
For the teeth: until you get proper and professional treatment this will buy you time, as well.
Jean P?tz created a tooth paste:
7 g Calciumcarbonat, auch als Schl?mmkreide bekannt. (es dient als sanftes Scheuermittel und erleichtert die Entfernung von Plaque.)
5 ml Glycerin (bewahrt die Creme vor dem Austrocknen)
6 g Kiesels?ure (ist ein wichtiger Aufbaustoff f?r Z?hne und Zahnfleisch und verbessert die Konsistenz)
18 g Sorbit (ein schwacher Zuckeraustauschstoff, der f?r einen angenehmen Geschmack sorgt)
1 ml Lamepon S (ein mildes und ungiftiges Tensid, das aus Kollagen und Kokosfetts?uren gewonnen wird. Es erh?ht die Reinigungswirkung und ist ein leichter Schaumbildner.)
8 ml dest. Wasser
10 Tropfen Salbei?l (wirkt entz?ndungshemmend)
5 Tropfen Pfefferminz?l
3 Tropfen Teebaum?l (das desinfiziert)
it works, but you don't need all of it, especially if you don't want foam in your mouth. theoretically you only need the softest brush you like and:
- precipitate chalk (Schl?mmkreide, calcium carbonate CaCO3, white powder)
- for individual treatment depending on the irritation you have you might try
--salvia oil (anti-inflammatory)
--thyme oil (antiseptic)
--tea-tree oil (antiseptic)
--clove oil (relieve of toothache, even used when babies get first teeths, milk teeth)
= dosis =
-brush, a soft one, you clean the teeth with the toothpaste, when you polish a car finish you don't use a hammer either, if needed get a dental floss instead
-with the precipitate chalk (1kg last till its minimum durability ends) you can't do wrong if you put your brush into the powder and what sticks to it is ok, repeat if you like, the powder should taste neutral/floury -with the oil, well that depends on each individual and if your doctor is ok with that suggestion (ask him first)
--usually that oil you buy at chemist's/pharmacy for that reason comes in a very very small, brown "bottle". you really don't need much. you shake the bottle then you open the screw plug. you will see a shiny surface on top of its mouth. you put a clean finger to the edge of the oil film and take care you don't need much - especially the first time you test it. you don't need and you don't want to swallow, just put the finger with the oil on it in your mouth to the place with the irritation
= usage = please alternate the use of that toothpaste with the one you like most depending on the irritation of the teeth or teeth ridge. in the toothpaste you are used to there are "fluoride" (~1400 ppm, Kiesels?ure, chert, silica) in it which you need to harden the dental enamel on the long run

@_date: 2016-04-11 02:34:45
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can't find the Link - How to install and run a Tor 
Hi Tor Talkers,
i want to pick up the words of Coyo Stormcaller if you don't mind:
You have to be ready for anything and everything. If you can, prepare
for illegal raids. If you can't, move in and live with someone who can.
if it is that dead serious you should talk to the people to whom you would "move in and live with someone who can" and ask them to run a Tor ExitNode instead. it is more handy for them if they only have a Tor ExitNode but you and your household.
so i was ready to start and talk to some of the persons of the CIA list and else but got aware i have no link to the equipment and software or installation guide which is needed to provide a Tor ExitNode. the bags at the  pic aren't good enough even for a presentation. i searched the wiki which is full of nice links but can't find a guidance i'm looking for.
Is there some kind of plug and play?
The most videos i saw about Tor Exit Nodes are about kind of how to configure "torrc" and else.
Perhaps i missed something.

@_date: 2016-04-11 21:34:28
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can't find the Link - How to install and run a Tor 
Hi Moritz Bartl and Tor Talkers,
Moritz Bartl worte [about Tor Exit Nodes on windows]:
that reminds me of a question i had once i was reading the hackernews about windows 10 update/upgrade. that is the news in 2015:
The feature, known as Windows Update Delivery Optimization (WUDO), is initially designed to help users get faster software updates, which is quite a good idea to handle massive internet traffic of up to 40 Terabits per second (TBps).
WUDO works a lot like torrents work. Your computer running Windows 10 is used as part of a peer-to-peer network to deliver software updates faster to others, each person distributing a little bit of the files across multiple computers and helping everyone download updates quickly.
is it possible - this way - that someone remotely switch another windows 10 logic to be a Tor Exit Node (perhaps even like a domino rally)?

@_date: 2016-04-11 21:38:08
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Talk via Toaster literally and API-USB web page acs 
Hi Tor Talkers,
with the ghost-words in my ear "unless it is well hidden" and "they seize anything" i remember an article in 2012 announcing a book had been written in DNA form  Here, we develop a strategy to encode arbitrary digital information in DNA, write a 5.27-megabit book using DNA microchips, and read the book using next-generation DNA sequencing.
there are many places left to hide that storage/size. even if they seize everything it will last some time to detect it. they have to turn anything inside out even a seized human body. and even if they find that DNA it will last some time to decode the information. in case there is a quantum computer to help to detect and decode the DNA/crypt there will be a quantum computer to encode/crypt the other way, too. and if this kind of computer is that capable origin things can be in several places at same time.
yet, we use a webinterface to communicate like we do in Tor Talk. this webinterface got an upgrade. This document describes an API for direct access to Universal Serial Bus devices from web pages.
Just to be clear there are some USB plugs and not only one e. g. (it is the pic in the link i want to point at)
M?gliche Steckkombinationen (mechanisch unterst?tzt)
there are already toaster oven (burner) with speaker and microphone which you can connect to a logic by USB or Bluetooth. That will be great fun when things you didn't expect to talk do so. if you exchange DNA from one "toaster" to another via Tor's anonymous webinterface and a quantum computer you can burn them instantly either to share again or to destroy. there are text-to-speaker converter/applications and vis versa with which you can do the Tor Talk more barrier free and literally Tor Talk via toaster. in that case i want to mention the Marrakesh Treaty it is waiting for so long to start.
  Marrakesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired or Otherwise Print Disabled
 PS: Thanks for the link, Roger. That was a prompt answer to my needs.

@_date: 2016-04-15 02:26:26
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can't find the Link - How to install and run a Tor 
Hi Tor Talkers,
thanks Roger for the link, my first thank you dropped in another post.
with the new EU trade secret thing the press will be a target for Tor Exit Nodes, too.
A European Parliament press release explains: "The rules will introduce an EU-wide definition of trade secrets and oblige member states to ensure that victims of the misuse of trade secrets will be able to defend their rights in court and seek compensation.
either the articles are now written by the companies like they do/did with the parliamentary (tax) laws (Panama Papers) or the journalists/the press have nothing else to report.
for the press it is very difficult to protect their sources. Police admit seeking access to Guardian reporter  metadata to try to idenitify his sources
it is a military strategy to kill with metadata. civilians can only defend with lawyers if they can afford the ride. that is asymmetric.

@_date: 2016-01-16 07:44:38
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Escape NSA just to enter commercial surveillance? 
Hello Tor Talkers,
some other table tennis balls for the ping pong.
HOPE X (2014): You've Lost Privacy, Now They're Taking Anonymity
It is a 2:38:21 time speak from Steve Rambam about privacy, anonymity and its broken status out of a licensed investigative agency sight. The speech has many slides of text and graphic content.
You all know Former-NSA-And-CIA-Director-We-Kill-People-Based-On-Metadata-Hayden:
Why should government need content? Why do government need any encryption key?
You don't need encryption keys. It is like "we have already lots of hay. To find the needle we don't need a bigger haystack."
"Everybody in this country inadvertently commits three prosecutable crimes a day."
For German Tor Talkers:
Source: BGH Az. I ZR 65/14
left tab "Aktenzeichen" => I ZR 65/14
Urteil des I. Zivilsenats vom 14.1.2016 - I ZR 65/14

@_date: 2016-01-19 06:25:56
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] fyi: European Court of Human Rights about Bulk 
Hi Tor Talkers,
January 13, 2016
Did the European Court of Human Rights Just Outlaw ?Massive Monitoring of Communications? in Europe?
December 9, 2015
European Human Rights Court Deals a Heavy Blow to the Lawfulness of Bulk Surveillance

@_date: 2016-01-25 03:30:36
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Escape NSA just to enter commercial surveillance? 
Hi Tor Talkers,
There is a chance to circumvent the captcha thing with Tor. In former days you simply had to add
ExitNodes {**}
StrictNodes 1
on Tor "torrc-file". Nowadays it is only
ExitNodes {**}
while the 2nd lane was already included in my last update of Tor.
StrictNodes 1
=> legend: ** = Country Code like "SO 3166-2" e.g. us = United States
=> be sure to save the file after editing and close Tor before using it => perhaps there also was a lane like ExitNodes {us} per default
When you get to solve a captcha you might only click on the onion icon in the browser upper left corner to select "New Tor Circuit for this Site", occasionally you have to click more often.
It also helps to visit the site another day or with another country code.
With the Add-on "NoScript" in the upper left side you can set [x]Forbid Java and choose which script level you want to allow for ever single site. When you get used to it, you don't want to miss it, the sites are faster, less commercials pop up...
And after all you have the possibility to solve the captcha...for some it is really a test for eyes and ears to be human/not a robot :)
When the captcha is better designed more people would solve them voluntary.

@_date: 2016-01-27 08:45:54
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] crashsafari.com 
Hi Tor Talkers,
are you aware of it already:
"Crashsafari appears to run javascript code that overloads the victim?s address bar with an infinite series of numbers."
It's not only Safari who is about to crash. Social Network reads that device may get (too) hot before the reboot. It's not a TorBug to report, i guess.

@_date: 2016-06-06 02:44:13
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Any updates from Tor Project on ioerror? 
Hi Tor Talkers,
when a Tor developer gets harassed by FBI (talk is done already last months) there is no doubt about whose side we are
when Jacob Appelbaum gets into sexual allegations (within the community) i would have had no doubt to tell that the community is up to he is innocent until judged guilty by an ordinary court it is not up to Jacob to proof his innocence it is up to a prosecutor to get evidence for his guilt
i hate to say it but such allegations will last for ever in the internet...from today's sight it will never forget neither truenesses nor lies
a person who is exposed as Jacob is/was gets easily shot by back seated ones or framed or droned by intels it looks like secret service is going up to something
two lawyers of wikileaks died "suddenly"
they put a rope around Assange in sweden
they harassed e. g. lovecruft
they prosecuted and jailed whistle-blowers and true(th)speakers
some wish Jacob dead (altered account at twitter)
and in the USA they want "h" to be president even if she had issues with her e-mail server and following wikileaks leaks and media she could have exposed some agents. i bet Chelsea would be pleased to meet her to give some advice on "how to whistle-blow" the right way
if there is a rule missing how or why someone is named on papers or work (or not) you can do apply a rule randomly at start or at the end for a project
and just to be clear you don't stop reading while Jacob stands on top of a list all others are honored as well
but perhaps it is time to expose someone else and get Jacob time for a deep breath
and please don't put Jacob near/in the drawer of (h)suicides that makes it more easily for THEM to let it look alike
i guess Jacob is all well this will not hurt his "small planet" (quote from a Tor Talker)

@_date: 2016-06-08 03:14:55
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Any updates from Tor Project on ioerror? 
Hi Tor Talkers,
they want us to believe that they are scared and the police and prosecuter would not believe such victims
but they go to the boss, the community and the internet and tell their story then
that reminds me of the face recognition software operation targeting sex workers exposing them to their family and friends
it is the issue of friends and family to hold hand and go with the victims to the police, instantly
ok in some countries victims have no choice while system is corrupt/has failed
but i didn't hear/read that, i mean they didn't wrote they have tried and "failed" and this is the only way their last alternative
and it feels more strange in case e. g. a boss points at someone and needs some evidence from community to legalize the shot
isn't it the issue of a state prosecuter to do the investigation and include the public to help?
ok in some countries you have no choice while system is corrupt/has failed to do so and left allone to do own investigations
the consequence is that you have to write your own journal on a daily basis like you do it with taxes and bills for e. g. the IRS but you have to adjust the termination of that documents on the statutory periods of limitation of the crimes you might be allegated
if you delete your data c/of security reasons you lost your own exoneration we will be happy to have a NSA-backup

@_date: 2016-06-08 16:56:24
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / 
Hi Tor Talkers and Malte,
Malte wrote Wed Jun 8 10:47:15 UTC 2016:
"Where would you go, and what would you do, if you felt physically
threatened by someone, and that same person would be discussing
how to design systems to deal with such situations?"
Maybe there is an app out there for the mobile device with which you can interrupt someones attitude/intention. If there is no such app it should do such things like:
1. shortkey to start the app on e. g. (the own) phone and extend it (with a following number) as the situation goes on
a) ring tone
hey, someone is going to ...
b) this call is for you
- i don't want to have .../sex with you (1)
- today is bad, try it another day (2)
- i don't like you, this will not happen, ever (3)
- go to jail => establishing connection with the next police station, automatically, so they can follow the ongoing (4)
- to all the gaffers around, pls help me, i can't stand it on my own, help me NOW...you over there come and help me, take me with you and scream to the followers while i feel i haven't the breath for that. (5)
The voice of the phone needs to volume up.
2. train this kind of situation once in a while
- for your own safety with someone you trust or pay for
- for the safety of others in that situation, so you quickly get a clue what is going on
training is important as it is with doing first aid
there are trigger things even for gaffers to interrupt someones intent
if you feel someone is not excellent tell the person who needs some extra social upgrades. sometimes the person is either not so skilled or that skill isn't important right now for the person or is in a "flow" or ...

@_date: 2016-06-09 02:40:04
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is it going to extradite Jacob to usa? 
Hi Tor Talkers,
i just want to shorten the way it goes with all the postings around these false or just not proper worded allegations or just not being excellent.
if all the allegations (i mean all i have read till now incl. the S&M things) come true Jacob could face at least a  minimum of three or five years as jail sentence in Germany. that means he will be in jail for three years or more (nicht unter drei Jahren =  not less than three years).
Strafgesetzbuch (StGB)
? 177 Sexuelle N?tigung; Vergewaltigung
(3) Auf Freiheitsstrafe nicht unter drei Jahren ist zu erkennen, wenn der T?ter
1.    eine Waffe oder ein anderes gef?hrliches Werkzeug bei sich f?hrt,
2.    sonst ein Werkzeug oder Mittel bei sich f?hrt, um den Widerstand einer anderen Person durch Gewalt oder Drohung mit Gewalt zu verhindern oder zu ?berwinden, oder
3.    das Opfer durch die Tat in die Gefahr einer schweren Gesundheitssch?digung bringt.
(4) Auf Freiheitsstrafe nicht unter f?nf Jahren ist zu erkennen, wenn der T?ter
1.    bei der Tat eine Waffe oder ein anderes gef?hrliches Werkzeug verwendet oder
2.    das Opfer
        a)            bei der Tat k?rperlich schwer mi?handelt oder
        b)            durch die Tat in die Gefahr des Todes bringt.
Gefahr des Todes = death danger = "intoxicated" without being a med => triggers Dangerous Drugs Act, too, btw
because of that long term jail sentence and if Jacob is still no German citizen there could be an extradition/a deportation to the usa - his last citizenship. and even if parts of the community is about to torch and fork him like a mob who doesn't have heard a single complain although it is said it's going on since a decade and some of it happens right in front of even security guards at CCC and other conferences - i don't think the big part of that small community will see him deported to usa.
if you want to change a system the last thing you should do is to support it to last longer. so please watch what you testify even in rage/revenge modus. it wouldn't be my worst guess to say it is the fbi who wants Jacob at the end of the day in the usa. if i had to guess they want Lovecruft (Tor developer) on their side going after Jacob. they let her leave usa for a chance Jacob has sexual interest in her. that would have done the job the same way if they talked to her in usa.
it is an long term operation similar to Julian Assange. and if Assange didn't walked into the embassy we would not have ever known that the sexual things were a set up.
Maybe it is a good advice to ask which citizenship the sex partner is and in which country to have sex considering later allegations. or to do a contract beforehand...

@_date: 2016-06-10 01:16:52
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Jacob Appelbaum allegedly intimidated victims into 
Hi Tor Talkers,
we can pretty good reply, too, ja.talk
Statement by Jill B?hring regarding Jacob Appelbaum
Gizmodo published a story in which ?eyewitnesses? - Emerson Tan, Meredith Paterson, and Andrea Shepard - supposedly ?recount? Jacob Applebaum?s ?unwanted sexual advances?. The article was quickly picked up and developed further, for example by the dailydot. I am the girl in that story. Wonder about their motive to speak on my behalf without my consent.
Unschuldsvermutung! Innocence until an ordinary judge proofs Jacobs guilt. there is no prize to win if you inform the internet first hand without being involved. if Jacob is found guilty by a judge there is time to reconsider ones position until then there is no doubt about it - moreover he has denied it and not confessed. if you feel the fbi investigation is incomplete go to the sex partners Jacob might have had between two cons and ask them if there was sth. to punish by law. and when you investigate all that please ask if they were already contacted by fbi or other agents and else and do flyers on that hacker cons about their names and numbers. so the victims can immediately inform them. if someone don't do a complaint of an offense it is the victims fault because you don't protect others having same destiny. if you do a  	complaint of an offense and the police don't believe you it is their fault. you have done what must be done.
If you are a victim of sexual assault or want more information on sexual assault, contact the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network at 1-800-656-HOPE (4673). If you are a victim of domestic abuse or want more information on domestic violence and resources for victims, contact the National Domestic Violence Hotline online or at 1-800-799-SAFE (7233). that is the same if you give your data to a cloud. if you don't trust any other police station give these names a call and go to a doctor to secure evidence in case of sth sexual or intoxic crime. Most doctors in most countries must keep silence about most of their diagnoses. in Germany you even can tell the doctor to give you the complete file. it is up to you to get it started. once the questioning by police is over you will feel relieved.
Off Topic till end of mail
 Tanaka Sorry if my posts weren't excellent and you feel to post your story and emotions. you are stronger than you think and your words are beautiful.
there will be no contract to feel safe from operations like this. ...you didn't scream of pleasure loudly enough for all the neighbourhood knows
that I am a good lover! ...
next time give this kind of lover a favor and do screams on tape to play whenever he visits you ;-) you can tune the volume up accordingly to your neighborhood. at the end of the tape: the screams you heard doesn't necessarily have a correlation to the skill or action of my partner. (it doesn't even necessarily indicate that someone has finished.)
rape will be an empty word as terrorist is.

@_date: 2016-06-11 09:58:27
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor-Friendly Two-Factor Authentication? 
Hi Tor Talkers and Scott Arciszewski,
I was curious if anyone in/around Tor was aware of any
privacy-preserving 2FA initiatives.
maybe banks are
when you have to log in to your phone/handy with e. g. a "living" fingerprint it is equal to a mTan generator in which you insert a card and hold it to the blinking strings of a bar code at a display to get the calculation done.

@_date: 2016-06-13 02:20:35
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor-Friendly Two-Factor Authentication? 
Hi Tor Talkers and Mr. Nobody,
 As far as I know, to implement 2 factor authentication in terms of the
codes that many websites have, the only thing you need is to generate
random numbers coming from seed that the webpage/bank you want to
authenticate to know. This simple setup by no means need to be privacy
You are right and perhaps we mean the same but saying it differently. the calculation should be done outside the device you use to enter the authentication code. the calculation may be even done by human's brain but then it may be necessary to have a randomly changing icon-set at a click-input-box so you have a sort of encryption after calculation like a display of a keyboard with an unusual appearance/setting of all keys. then it is not only important to proof the correct input but also the time it was needed to do so. humans are slower than machines.
at the cashpoint in supermarkets or banks you press your PIN on metal or plastic numbers, someone could easily take a thermic picture when you are already out of sight and the more heated numbers are pressed at last. sure you can place your hand on all numbers to avoid that.
when the numbers are randomly assembled on a display a thermic picture would not help and not a video from a far to look where your fingers where in case only at a certain ankle the display could be seen good enough.

@_date: 2016-06-14 00:20:02
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor-Friendly Two-Factor Authentication? 
Hi Tor Talkers and Scott Arciszewski,
there are some thoughts out there about 2FA and MFA - maybe there is something Tor related thing and interesting for you, too, Scott:
But, in light of new research and rising mandates, it does beg the question - why hasnt two-factor or multi-factor authentication already been more widely adopted?
i bet they are already preparing for some genetic autentication while a bestseller is already a CRISPR thing today At its essence, CRISPR is a far more accurate method of modifying genes than scientists have had access to before.

@_date: 2016-06-14 11:17:47
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor-Friendly Two-Factor Authentication? 
Hi Tor Talkers and Scott Arciszewski,
perhaps this thought is easier and Tor friendly. right now all computers are better in maths than the average human being. but every human being is better in in-depth knowledge of reading texts than (average) computers. you even can trick AIs with texts, lately seen with the communication bots which turned into swearing bad things at the end of a day. Translator bots aren't that good either when it isn't a common language.

@_date: 2016-06-21 05:36:14
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is Rape the same as Copyright? a lesson behind social 
Hi Tor Talkers,
sorry for my broken header, grarpamp, although it wasn't confirmed from two other subscribers (randomly chosen) that my emails are (header broken), maybe this happens only on this mailing list without my purpose, so i'm desperately sorry for this inconvenience. i mean it the way i write. for the compromise i will do fewer emails which maybe longer. thanks and credits to the header tester (grarpamp and ...).
you can say Jacobs case will alter the future either to a dystopic world or else, we decide you have to choose between copyright or rape
you have to choose between copyright or Tor
you can't insist on copyright and rape/Tor
Suzi3D stopped too early at a point
Picture with H. Clinton
there are several Triggers dropping in this mailing list written or by link once in a while which might ring a bell for the chosen subject
thief, plagiarized, copyright, rape, abuse Normally you don't connect the infringing parts copyright and rape in a sole offense. copyright is an intangible right you can use almost limitless which concerns the private law only but in some nations the criminal law, also, with which you can be sentenced to jail, again and again and again. This jail sentence (including compensation) is overlapping with the penalty of rape which has its limits due to the human body and mental status. you usually can't rape limitless while at the end of the day you will be in a mental hospital for life. i searched a bit and it might have started combining copyright infringement with thieving data. but thievery was the wrong nomenclature although copy and paste was new but you can't steal love or hate which is also intangible, you can copy that, it only grows with caring. there were some researchers and some who applied for a copyright for trademarks and patents who used rape instead of copyright infringement. when they got their right to tell the owner of a thing protected by copyright how to use their very own property, the copyright owner yelled rape while the owner of the property only shorten their investment's profit without the slightest bad intent. Isn't copyright a communist idea? in communism you are also taught how to use "property". and the internet of things will be a perfect lesson to humans how to use things. the copyright saga will spread out on everything while you can use it limitless and that is perfect to generate eternal economic growth. even the smallest USB stick could be more worthy as any luxury house/boat/plane. and if you copy that stick you have doubled the economic growth and you have backuped your music and films, else.
one of our next generation can't choose to rape, nah, it will be a copyright infringement. when a nation does allow to patent DNA alteration on humans DNA, and of cause some nation will because of huge debts and we all have one of that funny trade agreements with which the investor will sue the other nations to slave mode. and everyone can buy everything at the same price for using purpose only and without ownership. communism at its best. but at that time any *ism will be irrelevant. the least problem humans will have is an ideology fight. when the internet of things is fully established humans are totally outnumbered of their possessions and struggling with their consciousness and identity while their things are even more "intelligent".
the attack on Jacob or Julian will not end with the claimants at jacobappelbaum.net. Julian, sorry to say that, is in the lucky position, to be save since years, Jacob, not, his lawyers, not. The safety of the expositioned, the supporters of truth is highly dependent on the community. and if you know once you are checked to get all these jobs that you are threatened 24/7 by intels (even the victims complain about) you will not loose that community for some minutes of selfish fun. the attack is going beyond these individuals. Tor is a software to catch and deliver information even when it is copyright protected (anonymity is irrelevant for this aspect). With Suzi3D's articles you get the feeling that the self claimed victims got copyraped entirely without Jacob. All the years the females claim to protect each other is now revealed as a marketing slogan like the new one: we care for each other to be dangerous together
it should rather be: if you care for me i'm not dangerous to you. Jun 2016
The joke about Jake in the hacker scene here in SF circa 2006-ish was that he was a "recovering misogynist." Because he wasn't, at all.
Jun 2016
The then-fawning blogger who blew him is acting all horrified now, and I want to scream at her, you helped create this monster.
why would a female blame another female creating this monster while she publicly released she is the one who knew him before her and even that joke is older? i mean if the "victims" don't care each other before and protect either themselves or his fiancée or the relationship between Jacob and his fiancée why don't they care each other as a "victim collective" now? and why didn't she copyrape blame BoingBoing?
May 2016
. at whyallthenoise  used my photo, didn't credit me,  or  and BB linked to the thief who is selling their art
Jun 2016
Don't forget Boing Boing, who -created- him.
it is easy, everyone else has created him as a monster they want us to believe he is. the really astonishing thing is at which Suzi3D pointed at but didn't stressed much enough: these groups and all the gaffers on all the occasions why are they redacted? do the victims know Jacob naked that well that they know him by heart even intoxicated among the sex-party guests? where is a cam when you need it most to doc a rape among all these tech nerds. Every human being should have at least two handies by now. i mean, wouldn't it be a helpful to have a cam so you can see the rapist after the intoxication effect is gone? where are the surveillance cams from intels?
on the other hand there is no appeal or search request from no side of the case to find those guests either to confirm or deny the allegations. yeah, maybe they are also guilty and remain in the dark or they didn't even know that they have been called to help while there wasn't anything to witness. the maiden who was the subject to the other story and denied the allegation was found quite quick. and just for consideration: if your time table is completely full you might ask straight questions that might let emerge a discourage, scare or unconvenient feeling in the mind of the person who got asked. but a full time security job has its consequences to the private matter. and his fiancée didn't felt that way fortunately not at the moment when Jacob asked her THAT question. otherwise we already have heard something victim likewise. maybe that turns out as a jealously cat fight we are in (love, money, leadership, just no threesome SM fuck anymore) without any fabrication of intels. and to mention we all donated to Tor to get the project independent from the government only to hear that "Jacob gets it all" (leaked email), that could also rise discomfort.
Oh, and just for the record, a picture of a mother doing a closeup selfie with a smiling H. Clinton:
My mom is taking selfies with Hillary Clinton... Sis and I need to step up our game!
It might be nothing special in an election to get a selfie with her. but i doubt you get her smile with Julian's offer to post any doc for a proper prosecution about her email server. Wonder what game is meant to be, here?
Thanks Cecilia for the opera, it was really intense. sorry for the rock, i wasn't precise enough. couldn't answer earlier due to the broken header thing.

@_date: 2016-03-08 21:57:04
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How to specify exit node country for TorBrowser? (Ben 
Hi Ben and Tor Talkers,
that is in the FAQs:
"If you installed Tor Browser, look for Browser/TorBrowser/Data/Tor/torrc inside your Tor Browser directory."
you can set these two lanes in torrc just edit them at the end and save the file where you found it but keep a copy of your old as a backup "**" is for your country code e.g. us or ru or any other:
ExitNodes {us}
StrictNodes 1
ExitNodes {ru}
StrictNodes 1
ExitNodes {**}
StrictNodes 1

@_date: 2016-03-09 23:56:20
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How to specify exit node country for TorBrowser? 
Hi Ben and Tor Talkers,
i found some old entries and this in particular:
- the comment from "Ben" at 2nd answer
"Indeed and the best way to override these settings is to compile/install tor separately and then change the browser proxy setting to use that default SOCKS5 port of 9050 instead of the TBB one of 9150, then change the default/home page from about:tor to  because the about page only checks that the default config is active and not that you know what you're doing really and they can get out of the way. ? Ben Oct 30 '14 at 7:54 "
- a blog entry
this could be also useful if you want to try another way:
and a glimpse in the manual:
    The configuration file, which contains "option value" pairs.
    Fallback location for torrc, if  is not found.
best success

@_date: 2016-03-11 06:38:56
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "pre-crime" and robo kills /disallow 
Hi Tor Talkers,
User-Agent: T-1000
User-Agent: T-800
User-Agent: T-*
Disallow: /+JacobApplebaum
Disallow: /+JulianAssange
Disallow: /+EdwardSnowden
Disallow: /+SarahHarrison
Disallow: /+LauraPoitras
Disallow: /+Torusers
Disallow: /+humankind
Just in case someone feed an AI with all the internet stuff. :)

@_date: 2016-03-13 23:55:00
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] There might be someone who needs help 
Hi Tor Talkers,
"a graduate student from Kazakhstan named Alexandra Elbakyan is believed to be hiding out in Russia after illegally leaking millions of documents"
I feel sometimes to write off topic and you are so kind not to mention it, thx...is there any netiquette to read...or is it just "be excellent to "

@_date: 2016-03-18 14:11:39
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Directory problems? 
Hi Kristoffer Rath Hansen and Tor Talkers
maybe these links i found with some search engines may help
Start AdvOR, open OR Network → Authorities
remove all from text field and add:
gabelmoo orport=443 no-v2 v3ident=ED03BB616EB2F60BEC80151114BB25CEF515B226 131.188.40.189:80 F204 4413 DAC2 E02E 3D6B CF47 35A1 9BCA 1DE9 7281
maatuska orport=80 no-v2 v3ident=49015F787433103580E3B66A1707A00E60F2D15B  171.25.193.9:443 BD6A 8292 55CB 08E6 6FBE 7D37 4836 3586 E46B 3810
Faravahar orport=443 no-v2 v3ident=EFCBE720AB3A82B99F9E953CD5BF50F7EEFC7B97 154.35.175.225:80 CF6D 0AAF B385 BE71 B8E1 11FC 5CFF 4B47 9237 33BC
longclaw orport=443 no-v2 v3ident=23D15D965BC35114467363C165C4F724B64B4F66 199.254.238.52:80 74A9 1064 6BCE EFBC D2E8 74FC 1DC9 9743 0F96 8145
then start connect to tor. Also you can open AdvOR.ini and this to [torrc] section.
and here same but other toung
a sidekick with same searchwords goes to malware for sandbox (can't tell why i got this as search result)
all others refer more or less to the first link i posted and (besides)
with DuckDuckGo you will get the most results to your post i will not quote them all

@_date: 2016-03-18 20:35:46
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Directory problems? 
Hi Sebastian,
Sorry, for inconvenience. Maybe that is why Kristoffer found that outdated Ticket (18 month) with the missing steps:
" I Googled it and found a ticket, but seems to have
been 18 months ago it was closed and set to resolved but without the steps
to resolve it."
That is not intended from me. I just searched some engines and put the results on the list with a "maybe" of help. It is more a suggestion but an advice.

@_date: 2016-03-23 13:43:40
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] time for inactivity/circuitswitch 
Hi Tor Talkers,
is time a weakness, isn't it?
Three year old ticket:
" Start Tor with a skewed clock. For example, +/- one week.
Tor will detect, that the clock is skewed."
skewed = screwed
In the comments:
"...cell timer statistics, maybe the circuit and channel lifetime checks, maybe the relay bandwidth and geoip histories, the time_to_download_next_consensus[] as mentioned above, a hidden service's next_upload_time..."
A logic has a set of default time servers (nist, windows, ...) with which it is automatically connected; if not you have to do that manually every now and then to avoid "log entries". Do you have to switch your logic timer accordingly to the exit or start node to avoid a notice?
When your timer is e. g. UK time set and your exit node is e. g. US, will the website, the server of the website notice the time difference?

@_date: 2016-04-01 01:19:44
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CloudFlare blog post 
============================== START ==============================
Hi Tor Talkers,
what does "malicious Tor use" mean? I would be only too pleased to say my surfing isn't malicious but then i can't tell w/o its definition.
And "malicious Tor use" needn't correlate to number of Tor users. If only i where a bit paranoia i would say the few who de-anonymize users does bad use with Tor and make CF think 94% are. Fingerprinting the Tor use at a CF-protected site while moments later the same user has similar fingerprints while using another "technic" to get there.
On the other hand how many Tor users even on this list have trouble with that captchas? It takes only one user to get through a "captcha wall" to tell others what is going on, behind - like wearing "google glass", one users cam and the world decides the number of repeats.

@_date: 2016-05-05 12:45:59
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Amendment to Rule 41 
Hi Tor Talkers,
did you already notice
"If this rule change is not stopped [till dec 16], anyone who is using any technological means to safeguard their location privacy could find themselves suddenly in the jurisdiction of a prosecutor-friendly or technically-na?ve judge, anywhere in the country.
The second part of the proposal is just as concerning. It would grant authorization to a judge to issue a search warrant for hacking, seizing, or otherwise infiltrating computers that may be part of a botnet. This means victims of malware could find themselves doubly infiltrated: their computers infected with malware and used to contribute to a botnet, and then government agents given free rein to remotely access their computers as part of the investigation. "
maybe in that context
The FBI has harassed me for 6 months and is now threatening to subpoena for reasons unknown.

@_date: 2016-05-20 10:55:33
@_author: tor_talk@arcor.de 
@_subject: [tor-talk] fwd: FBI Is Pushing Back Against Judge's Order to Reveal 
Hi Rick and Tor Talkers,
who doesn't want to know who does that ding-dong ditch. the list of the 800 might result from a kind of login. as a harvard student you might be forced to login and in case you use Tor right after the university will know you are a Tor user. some universities offer to study from a distance so in case there are different (e-mail) addresses and not only those from harvard.
a list of 800 Tor user is a bit short even when you consider that they exchange files and data with other universities and intels.
and you have to consider the countries with an easy entry/exit of internet
"Iraq shuts down internet to prevent students from cheating on exams" (that might be just kind of propaganda, but it's the idea what i mean)
