
@_date: 2012-10-12 11:36:27
@_author: Matt Joyce 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Flash, Linux and Tor 
The issue with flash even doing this is that when using flash you are running third party executable code on the system, it can access various information that could compromise your identity from the browser such as the machines public IP etc.  It is also able to make connections to arbitrary servers via at the very least HTTP/HTTPS sure they would be proxied via tor but they can also relay information picked up from the local browser.
None of this is even including browser fingerprinting yet which with flash involved is far far easier and more accurate a good resource check out  both with and without flash/js enabled and see the difference in the fingerprint-ability of the browser and bear in mind that site uses a fairly basic algorithm to show a point it could be made even more accurate by someone who actually wanted to do so.
Supercookies in this case referring to the flash LSO variant are another problem that would allow for tracking etc.
So yeah there are a number of ways it could compromise your security/anonymity, I wouldn't overly recommend it of course while some of the problems are potentially inherent others would require the flash app to be coded to store data/track the latter could potentially be minimized using a tight whitelist in something like noscript but be aware anything that does run does have the ability.  Further whitelisting by URL leaves open the possibility of actively malicious attacks should the server be compromised and the attacker replace an applet at a whitelisted URL or were one to be altered in transit for

@_date: 2012-10-12 21:10:06
@_author: Matt Joyce 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Help with Tor and Flash Player plugin struggle 
Were I setting it up for everything to use tor and as such planning for no direct DNS requests from my system I personally would be inclined to firewall all outgoing traffic to any address TCP & UDP to port 53 note that even doing such as configuring the DNS server settings in network settings is not always enough to guarantee some program wont attempt a resolution itself.  While many client applications do rely on having a DNS forwarder and would promptly just fail without one if there is software with full resolver capability it can always go for the fallback of a traversal from .
Another option is to use tor as your DNS forwarder in your network settings which would make sure that any application relying on the OS to provide that information used tor for DNS.  If I understand the manual correctly this is possible by setting the options DNSPort and DNSListenAddress using the standard port 53 listening on 127.0.0.1 would probably be about easiest to configure, then it would just be a matter of changing your network properties to use the same, usually this is possible while still having IP addresses etc come from DHCP.
Only issue you might have with doing that is that DNS timeouts are typically pretty short, I could see it being likely that for uncached addresses you might get a DNS fail first try though a reload a second or two later should work.
Of course firewalling off other traffic going out to 53 still wouldn't be a bad idea in case some application has other ideas about where to resolve names.

@_date: 2012-10-14 14:50:21
@_author: Matt Joyce 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Flashproxys' impact on Tors' fingerprint 
I have to admit I've followed the thread but it's the first time I heard of the flashproxy project but from what I picked up with a quick google session I wouldn't have thought that problem insurmountable though depending on exactly how you would want the TLS-wrapper to work would be different challenges.
If you are simply looking to for obfuscation then it seems to me utilizing a wrapper from client to proxy and a separate one from the proxy to the origin server of course that would not protect the contents from the proxy itself but when you speak of obfuscation it sounds to me like we are talking about avoiding blocks and/or passive eavesdropping in the path or at the origin server as of course the proxy already knows it's a flash proxy packet whatever it's wrapped in.   In this case though it would not be necessary for the clients to have a CA issued cert as they would only be using it for the cypher from them to the proxy and you therefore define the certificate acceptability if it is just for encryption even a snake oil cert would be good enough, if it is intended to authenticate the client to the proxy then the proxy could itself be the CA using openssl, or have a central one so the client could use one cert for all the proxies in the system rather than each generating a new one.
 From the proxy to the origin server I could see may be more difficult if that is the origin servers are in general actually performing certificate verification but I suspect that is probably pretty uncommon, TLS supporting mail servers for example will usually take just any old cert for the purposes of transport encryption, that is for cyphers that require certificates on both ends there are strong enough cyphers that only require a single certificate though.
On the web side HTTPS servers rarely use client certificates even for encryption let alone for validation and authentication on even an optional basis.  I'm not sure why that would suddenly change with web sockets unless the specification for websockets specifically mandates it?  If it comes down to the latter case then perhaps those wishing to offer servers might need to deal with the step of obtaining a CA cert for the proxy, cacert.org does them for free, the ones you can get instantly online are limited to showing only the server hostname even wildcards as it is the only piece of info that can be verified 100% automatically.  Some of the commercial vendors offer such as single hostname server certs for free also, yeah in their case it's a hook to try and sell you a wildcard cert or w/e should you need one later but there are options available. This could even be made optional for operators willing to go a bit further, clients could then specify in their configuration whether to accept servers without depending on their security needs.
Just a thought out loud apologies for the long post.

@_date: 2012-10-14 19:17:03
@_author: Matt Joyce 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Flashproxys' impact on Tors' fingerprint 
Thanks for the link helps a lot was the sort of thing I was looking for earlier but didn't have a lot of time to work on it and didn't help with the large number of conflicting results that show up on google for similar terms.  In particular there are a lot of hits mostly academic re some system for remote executing flash applets on proxy machines on behalf of embedded devices like phones all neatly interspersed with the usual suspects that appear en mass for any search term with the sub-string proxy or similar. Having just read over that though I do see how it doesn't work now, as for the no check certificate situation I would strongly suspect that there is no such option, it is one thing to permit that for some local software on the host quite another for remotely sourced JS code.
If there were any workaround in that regard my suspicion would be that it would likely require some plugin running at a high privilege level than JS to initate the call locally, a signed java applet or something similar would possibly have that level of access though I don't know when it comes to most coding it is in the I wish I could category my best is usually more limited to hacking minor modifications into code that someone far more skilled kindly made available.  I am aware that signed applets do have significant access in most browsers at the same time a signed applet can open raw sockets anyway so they would have no real need for such control over the websocket interface, that said if applets etc were limited to what they actually *need* or was sane to provide there would be a lot less issues with them.  It may be worth checking as if the ability is there is may only take a tiny function inside a signed container provided the user grants permission.
Concerns me some that JS is able to do even this much without the browser prompting for permission, this is a use I can approve of but at the same time it once again makes me glad of my noscript while browsing the rest of the internet I don't think too much of the wisdom of allowing arbitrary pages to open connections completely at will without even so much as an alert to the user. Something I need to find some time to read up on find out what, if any sanity checks these websockets have the outbound connecting only thing doesn't give me confidence that it was well thought out, a connection once open is bidirectional so the limitation makes no sense to me but the only reason I can see for having it is a misguided security mechanism that is asking for trouble.

@_date: 2012-10-14 21:53:32
@_author: Matt Joyce 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TB download improvement 
While people may like simple click and go instant software setups tor really doesn't much lend itself to that, to actually be useful requires some understanding of the product and it's abilities and weaknesses on the part of the user.  I would fear if the homepage just had a big download button you will see many people click that, install then go off about their day assuming they were protected while the whole time their browser is still resolving DNS via their ISP and flash still full of LSO trackers recording all over web and telling it all to badads.dataminer.com (Not real address) every other site they visit.
Agreed that having more accessibility to at least the key documents available in other languages would be a great addition however tor is an open source project and like all open source projects for anything to get done someone needs to volunteer the time and ability to do it.  As such if you yourself or anyone else that would like to see translations are able to speak another language pipe up and offer help.  I would recommend that it is probably a good idea to co-ordinate it first before proceeding to ensure that it can in fact be accepted.  Translations present some special difficulties in some ways and there are a few things that I suspect the project would want to be in place before making significant moves like actually publishing such pages on the main site as official project documents.
Of course there is the wiki  which to my knowledge is currently in English only, I suspect if someone were to seriously volunteer or better yet gather a small group of speakers together and propose a namespace for documentation in some other language it would probably be supported seems to me like the wiki offers a good place to start out and then refine over time.  If I actually spoke any foreign languages I would be inclined to help out on such myself but English and Typo are about my limits unfortunately.

@_date: 2012-10-14 22:45:10
@_author: Matt Joyce 
@_subject: [tor-talk] software activation 
Depending on the software and the method it uses for activation I could see some programs potentially having issues with this, namely if they are expecting a unique IP address or which flags or limits the number of activations per IP address in the event other tor users had activated that software happening to use the same exit node.  This is of course far more likely to come up with a popular title than something fairly obscure, in other words anyone thinking about trying this with windows or  for example don't be surprised if it flags you and demands you register and activate by telephone or something instead.  Some might also flag because of a serial:IP mismatch even if they don't normally limit the number of activations per IP by a single user.
Of course those using the above techniques are making a fundamental error of presuming an IP equates with a user which is a faulty assumption that breaks down in numerous instances without tor such as with businesses/universities where the NAT may well aggregate many separate paying purchasers behind one IP.  Similar issues are often encountered with many home internet connections and DHCP assigned IP's also, I have known people who have been through long and accusatory phone calls with vendors as a result of attempting to activate products while assigned an dynamic IP that had been used before resulting in a vendor freezing them out and demanding manual activation by phone.

@_date: 2012-10-21 20:14:16
@_author: Matt Joyce 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Porn make the world more free: Tor Porn Bundle? 
Interesting discussion, the first point it occurs to me to make here after reading some of the points here is that whatever your personal feelings may be on the subject matter the fact is that it is a form of expression like any other and they have equal right to their expression as any other human being.  Supporting free speech sometimes means accepting and even speaking up for the rights of people who's particular form of expression we don't personally like.  Every human being has a right to their freedom of expression and equally human beings have the right to make their own choice what expression they wish to access and not to be persecuted for doing so.  Bear in mind that if every an authority wants to step in and lock down free speech the first ones to go will be the more obscure and or unpopular in society.  Much easier to bring in laws and oppression quietly that way, problem becomes that as each additional domino falls and the easier it becomes to take down the next one.
I note in particular the argument that the industry is associated with crimes and abuses, first off while I would not dispute that it has been given that *reputation* I would be interested to see someone present hard data to show that these sorts of crimes are in fact more common than in other ostracised vulnerable groups, like the homeless or the poor in general for example.  The argument reminds me a lot of the UK governments arguments in forcing through the "extreme porn" censorship law that essentially could be applied to just about any form of consensual BDSM, the government argued that the motivation and the reason why even realistic looking simulated images must be included was that models were apparently actually being harmed in the production of this material.  However when repeatedly challenged they failed to actually cite any significant cases of this actually occurring and cited exactly zero to support the strongest of their claims.
That quite aside there is a good reason why those acts were they to occur are illegal, well substance abuse I'll get to in a moment.  There is no justification for suppressing expression even if some attempt to use that expression as an excuse or cover for their criminal acts, this could be used as a justification for suppressing just about any form of expression you can imagine not least of all that I can't think of any religion or for that matter any sub denominations which have not suffered from this issue on multiple occasions does that justify suppression, not at all. This being from someone who personally is not a supporter of religion in general I will stand up any time for the right of others to such expression all the same.
As for the substance abuse issue that touches on another area I personally feel very strongly about, In trying to be brief on the subject the substance abuse issue and the global policies and practices which have been tasked against mostly in the latter half of the last century and into this one are also oppression on a global scale.  Even discounting the xenophobic and racist justifications which gave rise to the current system.  The system in it's current form is oppressive while at the same time cannot be justified on any grounds with a little history and ongoing scientific evidence from the modern era it can be proven to not only have failed in it's objectives but quite the opposite and that by disambiguating the harms of the substances themselves from those of the organised attempts to suppress them that it can be shown the majority of the total harm results from the latter.
Breif example the UK in the 50's when it was still possible to buy cocaine in a package with syringe and needle in boots the chemist on the high street had a total of 500 heroin and cocaine addicts in the country a number which had been stable for the first half of the 20th century with well over 90% of those being doctors, nurses, pharmacists etc who were in a position to know it's effects.  There are little to no incidents of acquisitive crime arising from it, of any form of organized crime or violence around it or for that matter of any massive health issues other than the addiction itself even for the ~8% that were not medical experts (Ironically the substances are quite safe for prolonged periods when in uncut form and with safe and reliable dosages available).   It was not until heroin and cocaine were both banned did an appreciable number of ordinary laypeople begin using it recreationally and that number exploded dramatically, at the same time the price also exploded leading to acquisitive crime and increasingly more dangerous and violent criminal gangs forming on the profits, the emergence of which caused a rapid increase in the rate of new addicts also, 50 years turned the stable 500 of the 50 years before into over 310,000 and resulted in harms per addict that exceed by far those of the entire 500 for the most part.  In response we have forcibly removed thousands of people with a medical problem from their homes, their families, locked them up against their will and in general abused the human rights of these already marginalised and poor people and despite ever increasing aggressiveness in oppressing these people all we have done is created the pproblem that we supposably wanted to prevent and compound it with the oppression unleashed in response.
As I say it's a subject I feel strongly about and could probably write books on and provide sources for more but I think it is probably rather offtopic for the list, am happy if anyone wants to respond off list.
The short replies:
Ok, that out of the way back to the original idea and a few responses on that, as anyone who read above can probably guess I would not have any objection in principle to the idea, supporting and enabling expression and access to such expression or information should be universal.  Censorship in all it's forms is oppression and abuse, and nobody has the right to dictate to others what forms of expression are acceptable short of speech/expression which is by intent directly harmful in and of itself meaning involving actual malice ie deception, fraud, harassment etc.  Answers to some specific points brought up:
 Your point about users being "too stupid" to know about tor not being able to send anonymous money.  It is not so much stupidity but lack of information/education and deliberate suppression, having the access to tor, to information and a community of other people who have the knowledge and experience is likely to open some eyes to new opportunities that were hidden before.  Similar comment on the subject of "let them fight" to support and encourage such activism in many of these countries is not something that one can do in the clear, any group with identities in the clear that seemed to have any promise would be likely to suffer reprisals.  Tor can help those with the will to fight to communicate, band together, gain the strength needed to fight back effectively.  If used properly of course.
 Multiple intermediaries you mention are absolutely not an option if criminal persecution is likely, western union agents would face legal force to surrender customer details, the agents are independent businesses resident in the country too vulnerable to fight to protect the info even if they desired.  Some of the larger providers that are based in safe countries operating online etc you mention however could *if* they were willing to fight and not take the cheap option.  Unfortunately many will just hand over anything a subpoena asks for to give them an easy life.  Then you have the issue of the finance provider, if a bank in that country they or their employees could face significant pressure to reveal details.
 Sure video content is a bandwidth increase but many streams will only be like 1-3Mbit based on yesterdays consensus tracker the network has a total of 19.57 GBit/s now yes there is other traffic also but another thing with this particular use is that probably quite a fair amount is quite short sessions.  There are a lot of people that use tor for anti-censorship to reach such as youtube now without much anonymity true but those are around 1Mbit streams.  Another use getting around geographic restrictions of the likes of the BBC will be HD video also, a breif search on the web will turn up a few dozen howto's on setting up tor to pull that off.  As for the HTML5 question, can't say I've heard of any, but most of the better paysites provide their movies in downloadable form as a regular video file, such as wmv (Mostly old content) or most common now is standard H.264/AAC especially for the the higher quality files, occasionally see nasty wmv's or gah real for some really low end stuff.  All can be watched offline without needing such as flash, most WMV's many open source video players that could be trusted not to leak anything in phone homes, not sure this could be said for windows media player.  H.264 is probably even better supported, would be a lower resolution and bitrate to the high def 720/1080p tv shows somebody gets and has always found work perfectly on their linux computer WMV's on the other hand are known to occasionally have issues and perhaps one in a few hundred still just decide they really don't feel like playing at all.  What might cause a larger load is if someone downloads a set of videos at once for later viewing etc that could burn up several GB though from what I've seen is rare to get a single tor connection to download much over 200-300kBytes/s and paysites almost invariably implement their own anti-leech restrictions some only allow one or perhaps up to a handful of active downloading connections from either a single IP address or login identity so leeching massive amounts of data in bulk by segmenting the downloading is probably going to be fairly capably throttled by that combination.  I think much of the slow max on tor could be tcp buffers needing adjustment for the elevated RTT so the clients OS is in effect throttling itself because the window is too small, I've had one like that where all nodes including mine had more capacity but never took the time to try tuning tcp to compensate.
 There is no certainty in the claim they wouldn't contribute some relay capacity back if capable, sure would almost certainly be a dangerous idea for them to run an exit but those in countries where tor isn't blocked or at least not very effectively they could run a pretty safe middle, middle relays have the side benefit also that they additional encrypted tor connections for the relayed clients act as confounders making traffic analysis on the client connections that much harder, it adds the entire extra task of first monitoring and analysing to get enough data to infer information on which connections are likely client ones before they can even start doing the regular network analysis on the connection patterns and timings that they could begin right away on a client only tor.
 it should do I suspect, granted I havn't used the bundle I just run an exit, and definitely flash is a big no still I'd have thought what I don't know is what support does the TBB have for standard video formats such as H.264 or WMV?  Many pay-sites have downloadable/streamable videos in those formats with a plugin they will stream right in the browser.  There are a lot of options on the choice of media player w/ plugin also unlike flash where you have Adobe and Adobe.  Many of the possibilities for the media player are also open source a big plus for bundling obviously because of the likely existence of a suitable player with a compatible licence that could simply be bundled and the ability to vet the code as necessary to make absolutely sure it is not accidentally leaking anything.  For example any support for features like online metadata lookup/retrieval on files which some have would for this use probably be better set default disabled or perhaps even being extracted completely.  The community db's for such are not exactly the sort of worrysome intentional privacy invading executable code from marketing data-harvesters you would be getting with flash support for sure but it would still be a leak to have them accessed by default and would be another party that could potentially be targeted to attempt to gain data-points so to me seems logical to default disable/strip any such features.
