
@_date: 2012-03-02 15:55:36
@_author: Hggiu Uizzu 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Operating system updates / software installation 
This does not apply to TorBOX, client OS is set to UTC.
The TorBOX Client VM is based on Ubuntu, in the default set up
there are no automatic network operations at all (at least that's what
monitoring the traffic told me). You are more familiar
with Debian. The TorBOX client is basically a minimal Debian server,
no automatic apt-get was set up, ntp was removed, no running servers.
I don't see what could want to initiate an outgoing network connection
without explicit consent and initiation by the user.
We use the default US mirror. If the user manually updates, this
will indeed leak that she's using Ubuntu/probably TorBOX to exit nodes,
for a limited amount of time. This could be mitigated, but I don't see
that as a priority as it's infrequent and apart from kernel updates
the update process takes a minute or so.
As long as the default set of applications isn't changed this fingerprint
will be generic.
The threat model of TorBOX is that an adversary has unrestricted root access to the Client OS but must never learn
the IP of the user.
The generic Client VM image leaks (AFAIK) only one thing about the host system: the CPU. The rest of the hardware is the same for all
users. Further, there is the local IP of 192.168.0.2, gateway at *.01;
the same for everyone. Anything else applications (or exploits) in the
VM could leak is data the user supplied - nothing we can do about if she's careless. I still think we just did and it was easy, way to easy. Please tell me
what I missed!
TAILS users don't receive timely security updates. I asked the devs about this and they said debdelta update (for high risk applications at least)
within the live session would be welcome...

@_date: 2012-03-03 23:54:38
@_author: Hggiu Uizzu 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Risk with transparent proxy mode [was Re:Operating 
Precisely why we don't do allow (try at least) any communication from the system to bypass Tor.
We already learned about this in [1] and discussed it on our Dev page [2]
(and wondered why you said /29 and not /31). Could you provide us with some
pointers how such an attack would work against the currebt TorBOX setup?
To quickly outline TorBOX:
Client is connected to Proxy through a virtual "internal" network. No dhcp, no
IPv6, no route to physical devices or the internet. It got a static IP, no firewall active. The Proxy has two NICs, the external one is managed by VirtualBox dhcp
and NAT. Firewall can be found at [3]. All allowed traffic from the client is
redirected either to TransPort or to DNSPort. The "bare metal" setup would be: client - crossover or isolated LAN -
- proxy? - (...) - internet.
If Tor is doing something funky with packets sent to those ports instead of
routing them through the Tor network that's a serious bug in Tor. If iptables is
doing something funky with tcp packets to 169.254.0.0/16,
that's a serious bug in netfilter. What am I missing?
[1] [2] [3]

@_date: 2012-03-06 03:54:42
@_author: Hggiu Uizzu 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Awareness for identity correlation through circuit 
Multiple socks ports are in stable, we'll make the transition to multi-
Socks in TorBOX in the next days, certainly before before 0.2.3.x becomes stable. Once the update hits the repository this will be automatically available in TorBOX.
However: "Tor Browser should set SOCKS username for a request based on referer"
Until that gets fixed the whole feature is pretty pointless.
You worry about apt-get reducing anonymity to pseudonymous but TBB is just as affected and compared to those implications
apt-get is absolutely negligible. We discussed this at:
How so? People can customize and install their own packages in
Tails too. By default neither TorBOX nor tails has a unique "application
fingerprint" and TorBOX doesn't automatically phone anywhere.
?In fact due to the VM depended design TorBOX will always be less leaky by design than a live cd (it can't leak hardware serials).
DNSPort allows us to fail "openly" (just wrt to the circuit correlation - it's
all still torified) for non-critical/one-off stuff. (I count apt-get to the latter
but this can be easily changed)
I'm interested in your other reasons. This one is none we couldn't solve, and we will. But we can only do so once 0.2.3 becomes stable.
There is nothing we can do right now about it, or is there?
Also, is there a  (technical) reason a single TransPort couldn't be safe?
There's nothing SOCKS specific about IsolateStreamsByPort and IsolateStreamsByHost.

@_date: 2012-03-08 14:29:19
@_author: Hggiu Uizzu 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Who is 93.114.40.75? Tor check page lists it and 
There needs to be some solution to this problem other than just telling people about it. This exit node is pretty fast and gets chosen by my Tor clients about once every 10 times as the initial exit node. I get to see that scary warning pretty regularly.? (It also makes me wonder
how random circuit selection is, but maybe that's just my bias because it stands out).
One solution would be to patch Tor so exit nodes can declare if they use mult-homing. The other would be to just patch Check.TPO and add
that information there.
