
@_date: 2009-06-10 17:31:17
@_author: Tor Fox 
@_subject: Introducing Torfox 3.0.10 
> Have you read the design document that Mike wrote about
Torbutton? No, I've done a lot of that already but some of it I hadn't
thought of. I'll make sure that Torfox offers at least those features. >
rogue browser extensions that are often installed on Windows machines Ok,
I'll make sure I disable those. > Why not use 9050? To not conflict with
other running Tors? Right. > It is important to be able to build it and
produce the same binary that you offer for download. The only thing missing
is the icons. > I'm not sure what you mean when you say that it appeals to a
different style of usage. Do you mean because it lacks a Torbutton logo, or
that it lacks Vidalia? No, I mean that you can just forget Tor is even
there. It's more like an appliance rather than an always-on service. It's
less intrusive. > We do a lot to protect users with the Tor Browser Bundle
(much of it is protection added by Torbutton), it would be a really good
idea to make sure you're familiar with those things. I agree. > I look
forward to reproducible builds! Don't forget the pgp signatures too. ;-) You
can reproduce it right now, other than the icons.

@_date: 2009-06-11 18:37:05
@_author: Tor Fox 
@_subject: Introducing Torfox 3.0.10 
Browser[2] do the same thing your doing.  Why are you trying to recreate
work that's been done already?
It doesn't work exactly the same.
9060, I had to set that myself.
You don't need to set the proxy. I've made changes at the socket level to
Firefox so that it always uses Tor.
which is uses Google results, and display's google ADs right on the top of
the page.  I was able to get a real IP address from my deanonymizer that
I've been working on. Further more, a few security issues exist with Tor
This is an initial release. I've been reading up on Torbutton and have
already added most of the features he's done. Also, there are a few things
he can't do because he has to wait for Firefox developers to fix some bugs.
I don't have that problem.
Google ADs while leaving Tor users exposed to security exploits of would-be
evil doers or some hackers that just enjoy making a ruckus.
The Google ads will never cover the hosting fees for the Tor relays I'm
running so I'm not making any profit. Also, this is not finished software by
far. It's the very first release so I think you're judging a little too
hasty. This is more of a proof of concept than anything else. If you read my
first post you will see that I'm not even sure there is enough interest in
this to keep developing it full time. I'm going to give it a few months and
see if it goes anywhere.
TorButton.  Mike Perry and others have worked hard on making TorButton
secure from several different types of attacks and information leakage,
hence why it is used and trusted by many.  You should have a look at the
design document for Torbutton.
That defeats the purpose of building from the source code. I can do things
that an extension can't do and the things it can do, better. The design
document is very helpful though.

@_date: 2009-06-11 19:48:14
@_author: Tor Fox 
@_subject: Introducing Torfox 3.0.10 
proxy connections and then it is unset?
They have no choice but to respect them. However, Java and Flash both have
ways that still leak your IP so all plugins will be disabled along with
JavaScript. I don't mean disabled with an option either. I'm going to
hardcode the changes so it's impossible for them to become active.
a _tracking_ technology to profit from users who _explicitly_ do not want to
be tracked.
I think you're overreacting just a little. It is ultimately just a browser
landing page, not much different from the default Firefox homepage and any
JavaScript that Google tries to load will be ignored just as if you were
loading from google.com directly. If you can give me an actual example of
how my page is any worse than Google.com then I will fix it ASAP. Otherwise,
I don't see an issue.

@_date: 2009-06-13 16:14:41
@_author: Tor Fox 
@_subject: eliminating bogus port 43 exits 
That seems pointless. Anyone that's thoughtful enough to listen to your
ethical consternation will also be thoughtful enough not to do anything
intentionally malicious. It's the same reason why the police don't make
public service announcements requesting that people not rob banks. Pleading
with people intent on doing wrong is not going to change anything. The most
you can do is educate people and let them make their own choices. Give us
some hard facts about why it's a bad idea to sniff exit traffic but don't
just emote.

@_date: 2009-06-13 17:23:48
@_author: Tor Fox 
@_subject: eliminating bogus port 43 exits 
> You've lost the context.
I don't know, maybe I have. It seemed that you were pleading with us not to
ruin Tor by peeking at exit traffic and I was just explaining that Tor exit
nodes can be operated by anyone, even less than scrupulous individuals. So,
we're probably the last people that Tor users need to be worried about. If
that's not what you were doing then I have no idea. You've only told me I'm
wrong but have refrained from explaining why or giving any helpful clues at

@_date: 2009-06-13 17:37:53
@_author: Tor Fox 
@_subject: eliminating bogus port 43 exits 
> You want me to provide hard facts?  It does not take a
whitepaper to inform me that peering at traffic leaving the border is "A
Good Thing" TM.
Do you mean, in a perfect world there would be no snooping of exit traffic?
I might agree with you but in a perfect world we wouldn't need Tor and
that's getting a little too philosophical for me. The reality of the
situation is, exit traffic is going to be monitored anyways and it's better
to just start out assuming that it will be. So, I don't see how looking at
traffic to improve QoS is going to be "A Bad Thing" TM other than the legal
issues that were already raised. There's a saying that goes "don't let
perfect be the enemy of the good".

@_date: 2009-06-13 19:58:45
@_author: Tor Fox 
@_subject: eliminating bogus port 43 exits 
looking at payload data.  The former is acceptable and necessary at times
for proper system and/or network administration, whereas the latter is
probably not acceptable without a court order and may result in criminal
liability in some jurisdictions.
I've already said "other than the legal issues that were already raised".
Jon's exact claim was that "Sniffing the traffic at the exit node actually
jeopardize the reason people are using this software in the first place."
and that's what I was arguing against. I'm not a lawyer so I have no legal
opinion on such matters. Since he didn't seem to be talking about the legal
aspects of sniffing exit traffic, I figured my opinion was as good as his. I
just don't like reading things like "sniffing exit traffic jeopardizes the
reason people use Tor". I'm just trying to be constructive. Though, if it's
illegal to do anyways then it's a moot point.

@_date: 2009-06-15 03:29:04
@_author: Tor Fox 
@_subject: Torfox 3.0.10.1 
Well it's kind of odd to list the features I've added by what I've taken out
but here goes...
First of all, Torfox is produced independently from the Tor anonymity
software or Firefox web browser and carries no guarantee from The Tor
Project or Mozilla Foundation about quality, suitability or anything else.
Torfox is Tor + forked Firefox with changes in the source code to make it
suitable for anonymous browsing:
-no data written outside the program folder (works with USB flash drives)
-no extensions
-no java
-no javascript
-no plugins
-no history
-no updates
-no saved cookies
-no disk cache
-no referrer (works with anti-hotlink scripts)
-no extra request headers
-all connections through Tor socks port 9060
-all DNS lookups through tor-resolve
-no exceptions
-no proxy settings (think tsocks/freecap)
It does everything automatically, starts/stops tor, deletes profiles, etc.
Also, the startup page is in a frame which will mask the current URL until
you enter one manually.
Main site: Installer: ZIP (for USB flash usage):
Hashes: The SVN is at  and has
everything needed to build the binaries EXCEPT for the MSI installer, so
ignore that and use the ZIP if that's an issue because I haven't gotten
around to automating that just yet.
This also blocks common attacks like the CSS history recently discussed[1]
and others[2].
If anyone can get Torfox to leak information (other than downloading a file
and opening it) let me know.
[1] [2]

@_date: 2009-06-09 20:18:30
@_author: Tor Fox 
@_subject: Introducing Torfox 3.0.10 
Torfox is a mashup between Tor and Firefox. I?ve made changes to Firefox's
source code, at the socket level, forcing all connections to be encapsulated
with a Socks4 connection through "tor.exe". All DNS lookups are done with a
piped call to "tor-resolve.exe" to prevent DNS leaks. There is no
configuration needed for Tor. It's included in the installer. The browser
will start and stop Tor automatically on a non-default port to prevent
conflicts. I have uploaded the only changed source code files to
 and the rest can be
downloaded from Mozilla and the Tor Project. Just overwrite the
corresponding 3 files in the Firefox 3.0.10 source tree with the 3 files
from the Torfox SVN. It won't compile on anything but Windows until I
replace the Win32 code with platform independent versions. It's possible, in
theory, since Mozilla already includes their own runtime library with
PR_CreateProcess(), PR_GetHostByName(), etc. If there is enough interest
from the community and volunteers willing to help code or test then I'm
willing to add any requested features or changes. Otherwise, I might just
leave it as is because it works perfectly for my personal use. I'm not even
sure anyone will see the benefit of this over the current Tor browser bundle
but personally, I like not having to worry about Tor and it is probably a
little more friendly to beginners (though it would need a huge warning about
HTTPS). Feel free to contact me here or at torfox.org at gmail.com with any
questions or comments.

@_date: 2009-06-10 01:36:00
@_author: Tor Fox 
@_subject: Introducing Torfox 3.0.10 
In what way?
It works more like Freecap but I've added the code directly to the Firefox
socket code.
No, only the socks port 9060 (non-default) is open.
them with your files?
That's right.
publishing that too? Perhaps it would be useful to have a README.build
with patching and building information?
After you replace the files you can build Firefox normally. Other than those
3 source code files in the SVN I've only changed the branding stuff and
startup options. I just search and replace the string "firefox" with
"torfox" and I have some icons and graphics I've made. I have some parts I
need to automate but I will definitely add a build section and the branding
stuff for building from source.
Browser Bundle. Additionally, do you take into account the
non-Torbutton protection and usability improvements that we have added?
I think it just appeals to a different style of usage. That's the reason I
wanted to make it anyways. I've disabled Java, set it to auto delete private
data on shutdown, etc. I'm looking for input as far as what kinds of
protection needs to be added.
