
@_date: 2012-10-21 22:26:00
@_author: torop20@hushmail.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Child pornography, anonymity and free speech 
Child pornography is illegal because the production itself involves
actual victims.
The laws date back to a time when it wasn't possible to produce CP
without actual children.
It therefore made sense that sale, distribution and possession of
actual child pornography was made illegal, but the slippery slope
started when the governments around the world began to outlaw child
pornography without actual victims.
The first prohibition does not violate free speech, because the
material featuring actual children is integral to criminal conduct,
but the second prohibition on computer generated images and cartoons
is a regulation of thought.
And Julian and others are  really missing the point if they assume
that the realistic nature of the depictions is the borderline between
permissible and impermissible speech.
The Supreme Court of the United States ruled in one of its more speech
friendly cases that regulation of virtual child pornography on the
assumption that such will incite viewers thoughts is impermissible
regulation of thought.
You can't be an anarchist and defend thought crime legislation. Child
pornography without actual participants is victimless speech and is no
more abuse than crime comics, or ordinary adult pornography some want
to ban.
And yes, true untraceable anonymous communication can't coexist in a
society with thought crime legislation.
Rick Falkvinge has succinctly argued why child pornography  laws in
their current sweeping form pose a risk to privacy and free speech.
The question is very simple: If the price for enforcing anti-child
pornography laws is banning truly untraceable communication, enforcing
EU style data retention on all data packets flowing over the network,
is the price too high?
It isn't a price I am willing to pay, not even for the children.

@_date: 2012-10-21 23:00:22
@_author: torop20@hushmail.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Child pornography, anonymity and free speech 
"* It's possible to wank without porn. We can reach places in our
  imagination that no amount of ?reality? can take us. In my
  an orgasm that starts in the mind is *much* more fulfilling than
  one involving porn. It's also possible to reach orgasm without
  (i.e. by having sex). "
But the anti-child pornography laws proceed on the assumption that
even non-commercial possession of computer generated images must be
banned because inducing the stimulation or wanking is a legitimate
societal interest to be regulated.
It's classic thought crime control. Sure everyone can wank and have
their thoughts, but only until the state manages a way to control what
people think.
If someone wrote a decentralized truly realistic fantasy Virtual
Reality simulation in which everyone could get their  desire without
killing, maiming or molestating another, do you think the government
would allow such a program to exist?
I bet not.
"Getting into bed with the porn producers risks
  alienating the feminist movement who would otherwise be naturally
  aligned with Tor's goals."
You must be kidding.
Google for Catharine Mackinnon and Andrea Dworkin and the Indianapolis
pornography ordinance.
The feminist movement has changed since the 1960s.
These two leading feminists have called for the prohibition on hate
speech and pornography. And only thanks to the ACLU did they not
succeed in Indianapolis.
The question is not whether someone likes pornography, but whether
he/she believes the state should control it.
If you believe that the state should regulate which material I view in
my own home you can't in the long run be a friend of Tor's goals.
Enforcement of the neo-feminist movement's censorship goals is no more
friendly to Tor's goals than those of the Christian conservative
Aside from the failed war on drugs, there are three policy goals which
often beget more censorship: Protect the children, national security
and enforce copyright.
I don't want censor happy feminists on my side. They are as toxic to
free speech, privacy and anonymity as the RIAA.
Fortunately, both the protection of hate speech and virtual child
pornography is a settled constitutional question in the US, so the
worst which can happen is that other nations f-ck up their own laws.

@_date: 2012-10-21 22:32:50
@_author: torop20@hushmail.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Child pornography, anonymity and free speech 
Child pornography is illegal because the production itself involves
actual victims.
The laws date back to a time when it wasn't possible to produce CP
without actual children.
It therefore made sense that sale, distribution and possession of
actual child pornography was made illegal, but the slippery slope
started when the governments
around the world began to outlaw child pornography without actual
The first prohibition does not violate free speech, because the
material featuring actual children is integral to criminal conduct,
but the second prohibition
on computer generated images and cartoons is a regulation of thought.
And Julian and others are really missing the point if they assume that
the realistic nature of the depictions is the borderline between
permissible and
impermissible speech.
The Supreme Court of the United States ruled in one of its more speech
friendly cases that regulation of virtual child pornography on the
assumption that
such will incite viewers thoughts is impermissible regulation of
You can't be an anarchist and defend thought crime legislation. Child
pornography without actual participants is victimless speech and is no
more abuse
than crime comics, or ordinary adult pornography some want to ban.
And yes, true untraceable anonymous communication can't coexist in a
society with thought crime legislation.
Rick Falkvinge has succinctly argued why child pornography laws in
their current sweeping form pose a risk to privacy and free speech.
The question is very simple: If the price for enforcing anti-child
pornography laws is banning truly untraceable communication, enforcing
EU style data
retention on all data packets flowing over the network, is the price
too high?
It isn't a price I am willing to pay, not even for the children.
According to US free speech jurisprudence the South Korean law, to the
extend it bans child pornography without actual children, may well
violate free speech.
American First Amendment exceptionalism I think is the reason why Tor
exists. Most speech which would be outright censored in the rest of
the world is constitutionally protected under the First Amendment.

@_date: 2012-10-22 04:39:29
@_author: torop20@hushmail.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Child pornography, anonymity and free speech 
Laws are made
for the criminals of society because those who wouldn't do criminal
activity anyway do not need the laws, and indeed do not usually suffer
them until the time comes that someone/s demonstrate a need for them. So when people are doing things like spreading even animated child
porn, and trying to say they're protected under the First Amendment,
the First Amendment is in grave danger of being seen as outdated. Once
enough people draw that kind of conclusion, it's only a matter of time
before it's done away with or changed in order to control the
criminals in society who would take advantage of our freedoms in order
to hurt others. And it's not that animated child porn has victims, it's that it
encourages victimization of children just like porn encourages it's
viewers to have sex. The only difference here is that when adults have
sex because they're encouraged by porn, it remains victimless, but
when an adult is encouraged by child porn to try and inspire the
sexual curiosity of a child so that they might also have sex with them
or at least commit to sexual actions, then victimization has occurred.
So portraying anything realisticly which would be illegal to do  is
victimization. I suppose that you are also in favor of banning hate
speech, violent video games and computer generated images of realistic
I guess if you wanted to word this in legal terms, it would have to do
with opposing the sexual corruption of children inspired by the sexual
encouragement of adults looking at child porn, animated or otherwise.
No it isn't,. And fortunately this authoritarian argument has been
soundly rejected by the esteemed members of the Supreme Court all
since the 1950s.
There is no corruption of children exception to the First Amendment,
and you are completely and fatally wrong if you believe that even the
conservatives on the court would reinstate what was formerly the bad
tendency test.
See Brown v. EMA striking down a California law against providing
video games to minors.
Your basic argument is that speech which might lead someone some down
the road to commit a crime may be banned, and surprise until the 1950s
it was the law in many states, see Winters v. New York, striking down
a New York law against crime fiction.
But the question was finally settled in Brandenburg v. Ohio (1969)
which held that speech in order to constitute incitement or
encouragement must be directed and likely to incite imminent lawless
Your legal  and ethical argument has more in common with Soviet or
nazi "law" than with the First Amendment values of Holmes, Brandeis
and Kennedy.
And such a thought crime regime can only work if anonymity, encryption
and untraceable electronic communication is banned.
Banning and prosecuting actual child pornography is different because
there is an actual victim, a producer and physical track record.
Not so with digital thought crimes which can be "committed" purely by
firing up Photoshop.
