
@_date: 2007-05-02 05:05:13
@_author: Hans S. 
@_subject: Tor nodes blocked by e-gold 
Somehow I do not believe this thing, because I assume it to be an unlikely
decision for a site with commercial interests to block a range like  whole  /16 subnets (if you want to block the changing addresses of dial up exit nodes) or a multitude of them from accessing their site. Unless forced to.
Not only, as repeatedly mentioned by the Tor developers and others, is it pretty easy to block access originating from Tor nodes to a server by the the servers' operators.
Also an adversary with much power might block a particular server of interest (like e-gold) ONLY for Tor nodes without knowledge of the servers'
operators, maybe only necessary for those with distance 9 or higher, but  permits access  for the rest of the world.
It should then be trivial to analyze the servers' traffic.
Call it an attack to anonymity software via social hacking, aiming at creating panic under those who believe their assets are about to be lost.
Someone in this "panic" situation just might unfold his identity by trying to save his money/assets. And bingo...
Now not every Toruser is a mad computer scientist or cares about things like referrers, user-agents, javascript, flashy blinky animations or else ("I rarely eat cookies when I use my computer").
So a machine accessing the blocked server "naked" might be recognized as the one doing this and that before with Tor, but this time with the real IP.
Further on, this machine could later be identified even if using Tor after Tornodes are unblocked again.
All the "nat" -ed machines finally can be associated with a real ID.
(Correct me if I'm wrong, especially about reading the IP
with whatsoever on "nat" -ed machines.)
For  e-gold all the usual save-the-world-from-the-apocalypse
legitimation for doing anything a professionally paranoid brain might wish, are listed in the indictment against e-golds' owners, see
or the "real thing", also linked from the above article
and, it's for money, meaning that is generally enough reason for any prosecution. Even if none of the accusations against e-gold might succeed, it might seriously damage or destroy this particular business, and worse, harvest data for the ever growing databases of so called "evildoers".
And has cracked Tor.
-------- Original Message --------
Apparently from: owner-or-talk at freehaven.net

@_date: 2007-11-11 11:46:07
@_author: Hans S. 
@_subject: 20090101 (log data) 
Apparently from: owner-or-talk at freehaven.net
the big, but yet not loud enough protests in Germany about these "new"
laws do imho  relate to the fact that there are much older laws. These
protected exactly against the use of grids of databases concerning citizens,
the obligation to deliver data to authorities and to  to create grids with
for good reasons separate data for authorities.  So the big "They" create new
laws explicitely enforcing what was prohibited yesterday.
 How successfull or actually working that was in daily life is another
 question.
Deep trust in promotional and mass manipulating abilities make me believe
that in a not too far future all these doings may be socially anticipated
by the majority and accepted as necessary.  Reasons? The usual.
To my knowledge not all (or only few) of states have or ever had this
'limited ability' in treating their citizens data. Of course there also
are a few with a higher valency of human rights.
There is a background to what has happened in DE right now, also
concerning our friends from Suomi (hope that's right) as well as people
(friends, too, of course;) from Italy and presently 48 other States.
The bigger picture appears to be the so called "Convention on Cybercrime",
which our beloved goverment (DE) wishes to ratify.
Please take a look at:
(0) The Treaty (choose  english, french (1) The list of states involved, english (2) Is where I found (1), german.  (3) Foebud's website, german
As obvious and natural members of a Council of Europe, the US, Japan,
Azerbaijan, Turkey, South-Africa and others are also supposed to, are
about to, or already have ratified the mentioned paper.  Moving servers to
Russia ?  See list.  (although the Russians didn't even care to sign it,
yet ...)
The treaty (0) is concerned about what they call mutual  assisstance
in fighting computer related crime and the usual paedorist stuff. The treaty itself is absolutely horrifying and has effects much further than
Germany and Europe, reaching out to the US and elsewhere. Article
20 and 21 are interesting, they might be the reason for our law. The
german gov.  and others simply shift the costs of getting and storing data
essential for the intended surveillance.  According to the treaty the
goverments are obliged to somehow get hold of tha data.  So they make a
law forcing isp's and other service providers to do so. Awfully simple.
Read  Article 23 and further about international co-operation agreements.
According to this, telco data can and shall be made available to
authorities of the enlisted states on request and spontanously for the
purpose of criminal investigation.  Hurray.
So far, so bad, but even worse,  data then will leave the originating
legislation.  Of course will, lets say the Ukrainian police obey e.g
german law how long to store and how to use or where to pass data to. (I
do not have any problems with or about Ukrania or Ukranians, just an
example.) So, what happens, if data becomes to be very easily available to
states who never really cared about such odd things like civil rights?
Welcome to an international legal marketplace for telco data.
With a little phantasy we might imagine yottabytes (really much) of logs
being analyzed by whoever wants to, profiling of individuals and tracking
just about anything in communication, and this on a pretty much
international scale. Every day.  Is that new? No, but new in that extent.
Some people might end up in Guantanamo or some other weirdo's prison
without ever knowing what actually hit them. Nowadays mere suspicion is
enough, we have learned.
Quite a nightmare.
As soon as this law in Germany comes into force on 01.01.2009 Tor-ops
_may_ have to hand over logs on request.  It does not criminalize
operators of a node.
Tor's purpose is to provide anonymous access to the net. Period.  So how
much this analyzing of nodes will break anonymity is the interesting
I personally begin to look around for places to set up my node (and
myself;) in other parts of the world.
Suggestions are welcome.
(2)

@_date: 2007-11-22 09:24:28
@_author: Hans S. 
@_subject: court trial against me - the outcome 
Apparently from: owner-or-talk at freehaven.net
Yes, I am. Please send some info.

@_date: 2007-09-16 09:52:51
@_author: Hans S. 
@_subject: Dealing with feds 
hi, following all the previous and ongoing threads I believe it begins to make sense for TOR operators to get a little familiar about standard procedures/behaviour in case of bust/interrogation, at least in germany.
I run a node.
I am not a lawyer.
I am not a criminal.
I am not a cop or anything alike.
after  having this clear ;) we can proceed.
I personally have switched my node to "reject *:*" and opened a DirPort after there were indications of surveillance, and I believe in order to provide $reasons_running_TOR I first must protect myself and epecially my family, as they are probably the weakest point.
At least in germany, the police/feds still(!) need a reason to act, as seen with recently alex and morphium, there were/are clear accusations. In english: They need some sort of unlawful action originating from your IP to act. Running a tornode itself is _not_ against the law (in germany/yet). We'd been all facing impeachments since long if that was so.  There were/are various reasons to believe I was/am under surveillance, a few highlights (of rather dull nature):
My isp __unasked__ sent  a new modem  with a letter to set it up, the old one (still humming along today) would be broken.
Wires in the houses' telekom teminal block were in a very odd order. In a call to the isp's help desk I was told my file was  tagged as  router,
and other small and more or less  noticable things.
Completely non-tec: My wife sometimes thinks she's watched when going out.
If all these incidents are not mere paranoia, apparently this is rather local police acting than hightec surveillance.
Bad enough though, if not worse.
For what I was told the best tactic in dealing with interrogations should be not to say anything except the necessary. This is your lawful option
(in germany), as long as you are accused of something. If called as a witness, you cannot refuse answers, unless you again would
incriminate youself. (correct me if I'm wrong)
The only goal the interrogation has, is primarily to make you sign your confession. Neither the tough, nor the friendly cop you meet are your friends, they all have the same goal. see above. If you decide to talk, remember, if caught in conversation you might expose many details, sometimes contradicting yourself and your lawyer has an awful lot of things to correct. (and you pay) So let a lawyer do the talking. You pay for that.
Running a node is _not_ against the law, but I do not believe there's a point in trying to explain TOR, or even better,  trying to convince a cop of $reasons_running_TOR.
They most probably will try to prove (or make you admit) the node was only run as an obfuscation for $sinister_doings.
Questions I could imagine:
prove your node was running at $particular_time
prove this is/was your node prove node $yournode was run by you at $particular_time
prove you yourself did not use $yournode for $sinister_doings
They actually could ask the ISP/hoster for a complete logs  at $your_ip around  $particular_time in order to prove you were running a Tornode, (you will hardly ever cause these amounts and type of traffic yourself alone), but this is not their job, and their indication probably is one connection to somewhere originating from $yournode.
Also, and more complicated, they could compare the amount of data in and out of $yournode minus tls etc... to prove you did not use you own node for $sinister_doings.
But this certainly is beyond the mental capabilities of normal coppers.  Maybe it would be helpful to 'name' the router, at least there is some communication and the nick and key of $yournode can be associated with you. But I am not so shure if TOR really wishes an avalanche of requests ... Efforts finding appropriate organisations and in order to engage them in whichever manner, are brave, and if successful, fantastic.
But after all the talk though there will be not much change and some of us will pay a lawyer themselves, I wouldn't  really count on any support there, it is against the current political trend, at least in, but not only in germany.

@_date: 2007-09-17 08:51:32
@_author: Hans S. 
@_subject: worsening performance 
almost exactly 48 hours ago traffic on my node changed from rather smooth
performance into 'saw blade'. (see attachment)
The time shown is gmt -2 (germany). Tor is continuing to fail to perform the
way it did before. At the time this is sent, a few hours later, there is no
This is Tor v0.2.0.6-alpha configured as a directory mirror and middleman.
Not a very powerful one, but it does it's job.
Apparently, as I changed neither the configuration of the node nor the
machine, the reason for this must be somewhere else. Ideas what was happening?
What could I possibly do to regain former performance?

@_date: 2007-09-17 09:40:56
@_author: Hans S. 
@_subject: worsening performance 
Apparently from: owner-or-talk at freehaven.net
The time shown is gmt  ->   -2 (germany) <- is incorrect,
of course it must read gmt + 2.  ( - 2 should be somewhere in the atlantic, I suppose )
my apologies.

@_date: 2007-09-17 09:52:04
@_author: Hans S. 
@_subject: worsening performance 
this is emberassing, but time, space, speedy fingers and a slow brain seem
to be in dissonance today
correction is meant as: he time shown is gmt +1  (germany).
again my apologies.
The initial problem though still persists.
-------- Original Message --------
Apparently from: owner-or-talk at freehaven.net

@_date: 2007-09-17 11:29:42
@_author: Hans S. 
@_subject: worsening performance 
time is a tricky thing...
thank you for helping out with all the time mess ;)
The problem obviously still persists.
I checked the files in tordb.
cached-routers.new:   1 entry with the correct IP
cached-status/* :     5 files with 1 correct entry per file but in:
cached-routers:       6 different entries with $mynode                       with 5 different IP's,                       only the last one correct as of now.
This is a dial-up line, with the common change of IP's every 24 hours, sometimes even shorter than that, if the line collapses.
The machine reconnects immediately after each ,  Tor
 SIGHUP's with the renewed IP, and this actually worked fine. Especially with  v0.2.0.6-alpha the *full* connectivity was given again after about two or three hours after publishing the renewed address.
The old IP's from about the last 5 redials showing up in cached-routers certainly shouldn't be there anymore.
The first idea was to renew cached-routers completely, but that will not solve the problem as the renewed file will be in the same state.

@_date: 2007-09-17 15:17:42
@_author: Hans S. 
@_subject: worsening performance 
Hi, Good to know, I was hoping so.
But still I wonder why rather smoothly running traffic drops
with such a sharp cut, there must be a reason for that. Certainly, on the larger scale, this behavior reduces overall performance in the Tor network quite significantly.
During the last 90 minutes though, traffic on my node shows again more normal patterns.
If this is due to the time of day (don't ask, but it is evening here) or
 someone with the right time has flushed the right cache, I do not know.
