
@_date: 2013-09-11 12:50:41
@_author: Marthin Miller 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor browser can be fingerprinted 
Hi. The main problem for what you made public as Tor software is that it uses 1024bit RSA keys which can be cracked in a few hours and compromise Tor path. but Tor browser have another big problem also which compromise user's anonymity (fixing it is very simple). i checked out  from different machines running Tor. problem is screen resolution is kind of unique! when Tor starts, browser window popup automatically which is not full screen (even this window have unique screen size value sometimes) but when user maximize the browser window it get worse as many users have different type of monitors or custom screen resolutions... screen size value even change by show/hide bookmark-toolbar/addone-bar...
   Practical example:
   virtual machines have very custom resolution values as they are normal windows in workplace and users may resize them for their interests. lets say its 2071x943, user visit gmail which his identity is attached to that somehow. a bit later he visit another website that contain Google analytic, they can guess who is this anonymous person just by screen size value as nobody else visited this page today with this information.
Also if you let users choose how much security they want that's better (for example choose high padding and time delay on relays if security have more priority than speed)

@_date: 2013-09-12 06:57:49
@_author: Marthin Miller 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor browser can be fingerprinted 
its not just a possibility, that's a fact! Adi shamir described how RSA cracking machine (TWIRL) works (that's old! today we have much faster hardwares as IBM modern chips do) but RSA is even worse when it comes to discrete logarithm problem ( this algorithm crack even large RSA keys by regular computers without spending lots of energy and money for chips, well individual researchers don't have it yet but its wise to assume the worse scenario happening in the worse agency in the world as they always surprise us not boring us. ECC solve this problem for now.i recommend to be more careful and add a post-quantum cipher (NTRU is patented but you can talk to inventors for a license as Tor is not a commercial software) for safety in the future (2020?...) to encrypt session keys multiple time (first by ECC then by NTRU).
the proof is our logic. using ECC and NTRU is not so hard, lets do that now instead of waiting for somebody officially tell us how they cracking weak RSA keys or strong ones...
to make sure cracking short RSA keys is not a possibility just contact greenwald (guardian reporter) and ask him how long it takes and how much it cost, he have the paper works.
that option slow down everything yes but it depend on our choice, better speed or better privacy? if there be an option to choose what we need (like freenet) every time we open the Tor
is much better. for example when somebody want to check out facebook he might choose low security high speed (three level of padding amount and time delay) but when they want to publish something secretly  then user looking for more security. current design is really dangerous as one bad relay can compromise the whole path, but with choosing third level of padding amount and time delay for packets, just one good relay on the path guaranty our safety. doing this is not very complex. when packet comes to relay after decryption just one flag header at the beginning of packet let it know add how much padding and after how much random delay send the packet to next relay. using third level of security will increase load on relay network ya (in the worst case adding double size padding to packet is fine so load become 2x time more on relays)) and decrease browsing speed for user much more (they can choose more speed if they need) window size is really unique specially in resized virtual machines. lots of people don't know
about this window size problem! lets assign a uniform size to the Tor browser window
which popup automatically after connecting to network and warn users about how unique screen
size can be when they click on maximize button... because even if we use Tor browser carefully but other Tor users make mistake, still we're unique as others don't have my screen size... (default screen size is 1000x674 hmm?)
