
@_date: 2014-07-14 10:05:23
@_author: Tor Talker 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Rendezvous RSA Exponent 
[I hope technical questions are appropriate here.  Please let me know if there is a better place for them.]
Is it OK to use an public exponent other than 65537 in hidden service RSA keys?
I've received reports that a couple of hidden servers using vanity rendezvous hostnames I made are unresponsive, even thought the server looks fine from the unencrypted internet.  In one case, a hidden service was (reportedly) unresponsive for 10 hours, but was back on line when I checked it.
The twist here is that I used libcrypto++ to generate RSA keys with public exponent 17.  A sentence in [ states:  "Except as noted, all RSA keys MUST have exponent
148 values of 65537."  I don't see mention of it in the original rendezvous spec.  Could my keys be the problem?
Also, these servers addresses will be openly associated with my project (and I'm not hiding my association with it), so it is fine if the unusual exponent marks them as such.

@_date: 2014-06-26 00:50:29
@_author: Tor Talker 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Secure Hidden Service (was: Re: ... Illegal Activity As 
OK, I'll bite.
Are you saying that experienced web engineers are not capable of designing systems with security and anonymity in mind, or that that there are generally hidden risks in setting up the Tor rendezvous connection to a local server?  We can agree not to trust random software architects/implementors, but I can say with confidence that my team is very competent and security minded (though new to publishing Tor hidden services).
More to the point, do you have specific concerns regarding the Linux/Tor/Apache/Perl stack we are using?  We do sanitize error messages to prevent Apache from leaking system information, but that's really the only special effort other than maintaining good overall system security.
What sort of vulnerabilities would you expect to see?

@_date: 2014-09-03 09:08:53
@_author: Tor Talker 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Dropping Tor Browser support for Mac OSX 10.6? 
[Short answer]
As an individual user, I don't need Tor on Mac OS 10.6, but as a developer of a soon to be released Tor-dependent project I would like to see support continue.
[Long answer]
We are developing a system called HideMeta that relies on Tor and other proven security components to encrypt and anonymize communications.  We are packaging the system as interpreted source code so there is no need to trust binary executables.  Anyone can inspect the code they are actually running to verify it does what we claim.  Therefore, we rely on Tor support for the operating systems on which we run.
If the Tor project abandons OS X 10.6 (which a significant number of users are stuck with due to lack 64-bit processors or the need for features like Rosetta), we will either have to advise against using Hidemeta or installing an outdated Tor.  In the face of pervasive, network-wide eavesdropping, our system gains strength with the number of active users.  Our view is that even on an insecure OS, HideMeta users are still increasing their personal privacy, making pervasive surveillance less effective, and increasing the security of whistle blowers, journalists, dissidents, and others who legitimately need strong privacy and, hopefully, use hardened operating systems.  For us, supporting a widely used OS like 10.6 is a good thing, even if it has been deprecated.
I'll also note that we do not need the Tor Browser.  Availability of a standalone Tor executable for OS X would be better for us.

@_date: 2014-09-03 17:23:29
@_author: Tor Talker 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Dropping Tor Browser support for Mac OSX 10.6? 
The question was whether any users need Tor on Mac OS 10.6, and I made the case for the users of a new system we are about to announce.  Also, all we really want is the tor executable, not the browser component, but we want it to be signed by the Tor Project (or an equally trustworthy authority).
It might not be difficult to package the OS X TBB with a tor executable the is compatible back to 10.6, even if the browser required x64.  FWIW, x64 support is not needed in tor: AES instructions are available in the ia32 instruction set (on processors with AES support); and, anyway, tor doesn't visibly load even my older computers.  Of course it might be a major effort to build and test this component for the older OS.  I trust the Tor developers to make a good decision here.
As for supporting the Tor Project.  Absolutely!  If we make any money I intend to donate part of it, but the client software will be free (GPL3) and the protocol is designed to prevent tracking so there is no way to bill users.
