
@_date: 2011-08-18 13:42:54
@_author: Manuel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Vidalia bundle DNS question 
Huh? That sounds like a weird situation. Are you trying to circumvent a DNS-level "block"?
Again, that sounds like a weird situation and a misguided attempt to
secure something.
Anyway, you're basically trying to do something that will unmask your
browsing behaviour to the DNS server, as Andrew pointed out. Torbutton
won't let you do that, to the best of my knowledge. You can use a
browser (or a separate Firefox profile) where you set the SOCKS proxy to
Tor's listening port (127.0.0.1:9050, by default) and which doesn't do
DNS resolution over the proxy. Chrom{e,ium} does that by default, IIRC.
Firefox will do it if you browse to about:config and set
network.proxy.socks_remote_dns to false.
You can then also add the name you're trying to resolve to your hosts
file (as in, /etc/hosts or your OS's equivalent). That would stop most
DNS lookups.
The much safer alternative is to find at least a few Exit Nodes that
don't poison your DNS result and explicitly specify them using the .exit
For instance, to visit  via exit Alice, use
See  for a small
pitfall and some solutions when using a browser.
You can also use the ExitNodes configuration option to pass all your
traffic through a set of nodes. Of course, it reduces your anonymity
set. Remember to specify StrictNodes (for newer versions; see release notes)/StrictExitNodes (for
older versions).

@_date: 2011-08-18 19:46:03
@_author: Manuel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Vidalia bundle DNS question 
In your torrc:
MapAddress  67.222.132.199
All requests to  will now go to (the IP of) network-tools.com.

@_date: 2011-06-09 18:30:14
@_author: Manuel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Directly vs. bridges 
The answer to that is somewhat hidden, but actually contained in the
page I suspect you found those terms on (I'm guessing
"Users who cannot connect directly to the Tor network instead connect
via bridges, which are non-public relays."
To connect to Tor, people can either choose to use public relays or
bridges as the first hop (also called "Entry node"). Public relays are
the default; there are more public relays, and you should use those if
Bridges are meant for people who can not connect to Tor otherwise
because e.g. access to public relays is being blocked. For more
information, please see Unless you played around with your configuration, you use regular public
relays. I'm convinced that if you were using bridges, you'd know,
because they're very inconvenient to use ;) Again, see the link above
for details.

@_date: 2011-06-15 02:18:29
@_author: Manuel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Does my ISP know I'm using Tor? 
Hi Andre,
Very short answer: Yes.
If your ISP would check, they would know, unless you're using bridges.
The more technical explanation is this: Unless you're using bridges, you
are connecting to a server from a publicly available list. If you would
like to check that one out, you could open
Even if you are using bridges, it is technically possible, albeit rather
hard (you need DPI for that one, probably), to determine that someone is
using Tor.
That being said, I don't see any reason why an ISP would care, unless
you're in a country with questionable practices regarding the internet (China, Burma etc). Tor is completely legal in nearly all countries. Any ISP that tells you what servers you can or can not connect to should be avoided. An ISP has nothing to gain from preventing customers to use completely legal services that don't put excessive load on their networks.
Tails (and all other Tor live CDs) just give you a pre-configured system
optimized for privacy. The basic circumstances remain the same.
"End-to-end encryption" basically means that only your computer and the
server (e.g. the website you are visiting) can read the content of your
communication. https is one example of this - if you're browsing the
web, make sure to only enter any account credentials (username/password)
and stuff like credit card data on sites that use https.
To make this a bit more general and "paranoid": You should only enter
personally identifiable information on sites using https. That includes
your mail address, home address, phone number etc. The reason for this
is that the Exit Node (the last Tor node in a circuit, i.e. the computer
that actually does the request to a web site on your behalf) can read
all unencrypted communication. (it can not determine, however, who you
are - at least not from metadata)
End-to-end encryption also exists for protocols other than http (which
is the one your browser usually speaks when visiting websites). One
example is mails (imaps/pop3s for receiving,
smtps/ssmtp/smtp-over-starttls for sending). Basically, whenever you see a field
that asks if you want to use encryption, you should answer yes ;)
No. That's what Tor is good for - your ISP knows _only_ that you are
connecting to a Tor node to do an encrypted transmission. It doesn't
know where you're connecting to and also can't read the content of the
communication. It doesn't know what the other Tor nodes in your circuit
(the "path" from your computer to the web site/server you're using) are,
To sum it up, your ISP knows WHO you are, but not WHAT you send. The
same goes for the entry node (see the reply to your first question). The
middle nodes basically know nothing. The exit node knows WHAT you send,
but not WHO you are.

@_date: 2011-06-18 20:31:20
@_author: Manuel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] torifying applications 
There are a few existing papers on this subject, particularly on
unmasking the application someone is using through Tor's circuit reuse.
But of course, we'd be eager to hear from your results :)
You will have a very high latency on connection establishment (even
higher if there is no existing circuit, i.e. in the beginning and at
least every ten minutes, which is the circuit rotation duration).
CPU performance hit is negligible, unless you do something that is
very unusual.
Throughput is usually rather good after the connection is established.
What are the advantages you would like to see?
Existing Tor circuits will be reused for 10 minutes, unless the circuit
breaks. See
One thing that I hope you took into consideration: Tor only does TCP and
DNS (and the latter is an exaggeration - tor-resolve simply does a SOCKS RESOLVE). nmap by default pings first, for instance - this packet will be sent from
your real IP.

@_date: 2011-06-29 13:46:16
@_author: Manuel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] embedding tor into apps? 
Well...Orbot (Tor on Android) kinda-embeds it. And by that, I mean that
it packages tor, runs it on a shell and communicates with it over the control port.
The real question is: Why would you want to embed Tor? Unless you have a
very specific case, I'd advise you not to. Tor is meant to run as a
daemon, you communicate over it (via SOCKS 4a, e.g.), do a SOCKS RESOLVE (or
use tor-resolve) to do DNS queries, control it with the control port,
done. That's how it works for most users, at least.
In what way does a regular non-embedded Tor running as a daemon on your
system not satisfy your requirements?

@_date: 2011-06-29 15:56:10
@_author: Manuel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] embedding tor into apps? 
How so? Do the ToS forbid you from creating proxy apps?
tor-dev would probably be better at answering this, but it seems like a somewhat-sane solution to simply fork & call
tor_main(int argc, char *argv[]) from or/main.c, which is basically what
tor is doing (from what I can see) in or/tor_main.c.

@_date: 2011-05-03 23:37:02
@_author: Manuel 
@_subject: [tor-talk] ORBot-like app for Mac/Windows 
Yep, this is exactly how Orbot does things (apart from the fallback
"proxy by port" option, which is sub-optimal).
Jerzy: If you would like to learn more about that principle (and also
how it can - theoretically - be used on desktops), see
Unfortunately, in desktop systems, (nearly) all processes are created by
a small number of users, and while it's (at least for GNU/Linux)
possible to force every process - or at least all the programs you call
from your graphical menu - into its own UID, it'd require a vast amount
of modifications to things that shouldn't concern Tor. The approaches
I'm coming up with ad hoc are all so horribly wrong, insecure and
unportable that just thinking of some fool implementing anything of that
caliber makes me reach for the clue-by-four.
It might be possible - since there are firewalls for both Mac and
Windows that can filter by application (Apple calls it "Application
Firewall" and I remember various Windows FWs having such functionality),
they should also be able to redirect them. It might be possible to
implement an application based redirection on Linux, but probably only
in a very crude manner (there's a project called TuxGuardian which
apparently uses application based filtering, but it looks unmaintained,
last update was 5 years ago).
To sum it up (from my half-informed point of view): It's theoretically
possible, but the effort required for this usability enhancement would
simply be too much. As all multi-platform tools, Tor tries to use common
designs and functions across all systems and only employ
platform-specific glue when necessary, and there is no common framework
for application-based filtering/redirection.
