
@_date: 2007-04-11 00:19:42
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Is this for real? 
if every Tor user was a router these kind of concerns wouldn't even pop
up. Who cares if the NSA is running a few routers in a pool of 300 000.
More and more people are stopping to use Tor because surfing has become
unbearbly slow. Just doesn't scale. Every Tor user must also be a router
and it scales 1:1!

@_date: 2007-04-11 23:18:54
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Is this for real? 
If they can use Tor to surf they should be able to let the Tor server
component also access it. Same program. Don't understand this arguement.
What is the point. The same thing right now. If a vulnerability is
discovered then people must update immediately. Who says that all people
running Tor servers right now are computer whizzes?
Yes, but if everybody gets the download speed that he provides for
upload then it scales perfectly. In your case 1M.
Where is the force. That would just be the way the program works! Same
thing with emule, freenet, etc, etc. Give and take. No harm done.
I wasn't saying that everybody should become an exit node.

@_date: 2007-06-21 05:11:24
@_author: JT 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCE] ROCKate Tor LiveCD V0.4.0.0 
Could you include truecrypt in the next version ?
On Wed, 20 Jun 2007 17:09:22 +0200, "Benjamin Schieder"
 said:

@_date: 2007-06-21 05:22:16
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Tor Privacy Live CD by the Tor Team 
is it now possible to offer an openBSD live CD that includes Tor,
Privoxy, Torbutton, NoScript and Truecypt in one package with everything
configured just as we would love to see the users configure it?

@_date: 2007-06-22 01:30:09
@_author: JT 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCE] ROCKate Tor LiveCD V0.4.0.0 
I was talking about truecrypt.org but any way of mounting an encrypted
filesystem would be great.
I believe secure and anonymous browsing go along. If the authorities
raid a home of a Tor user in China who has visited uncensored websites
then he is in trouble if he wasn't able to safe the documents directly
to an encrypted container. After all surfing is about information
searching. One either stores it in one's head by reading the info on a
website or by storing it. A live Tor CD should be able to hide that a
site was accessed by allowing to save it in a secure place.

@_date: 2007-06-22 03:33:08
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Tor binary signatures 
I have been downloading the Tor software for a long time now. Actually
only recently I noticed that there are signatures for the files.
The question is where I can find the public key to verify them? I
searched the homepage for a public key but I couldn't find any.
Please help...

@_date: 2007-06-22 03:56:08
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Tor binary signatures 
thx for the link!! Great!
I have been using PGP for a while but never used a keyserver.
I checked out the one at noreply. To make my key known to the world I
only have to paste it into that form and all other keyservers will
Is that correct?
But then anybody could use the Name "Roger Dingledine" and add a key, or

@_date: 2007-06-14 01:23:30
@_author: JT 
@_subject: What will happen to Tor after the new German data retention law takes 
Under the proposed new data retention law which will take effect 01/2008
anonymizing services will be either banned or tor server operators will
be required to log data which would render the tor software useless as
an anonymizing tool.
Other European countries will surely follow once the law is in effect.
If all European Tor nodes stop to operate will tor still be useful only
using American and Asian nodes? Will European users be allowed to
connect to the Tor network or will that already be a criminal act?
Anybody knows?

@_date: 2007-06-15 05:49:57
@_author: JT 
@_subject: What will happen to Tor after the new German data retention law 
It is ridiculous! I know. I will never ever feel sorry for China again.
There is a much more severe China in Europe. They want to log every
login into a email account. The want to know who uses what pseudonymes. It is really just unreal. The script for a ferfect sci-fi/horror movie.
I am serious.
What would that be?

@_date: 2007-06-15 05:58:41
@_author: JT 
@_subject: What will happen to Tor after the new German data retention law 
Tor is the most advanced anonymizing system and will be outlawed first.
I am sure. :(
The more advanced the greater the chances we will see it go first.
Really, I can not believe this is happening. There won't be any more
normal discussions on the net. Everybody will be extremely careful what
to say knowing every post is logged for a long time and can be googled
within seconds.
Should we all move to China? They are not as nuts as the Europeans.
Seriously.

@_date: 2007-03-23 00:42:06
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Hidden services 
I read the docs and slides on hidden services. But I still don't quite
get it.
On slide 19 it looks as if there was only one hop between the client and
the server. Is this the case or has the diagram been simplified?
If only client and server are "for real" and the all tor servers along
the path are compromised then can the operator find out what the hidden
service is offering and who is communicating. Inside the Tor network(not
using exits) everything is encrypted, right?! So does the last node in
the path, connected to the hidden service know, that it is talking to a
hidden service? As far as I understand hidden services can be run by
servers and clients.

@_date: 2007-03-23 02:44:30
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
why spend hundreds and thousands of hours of coding?
Is there a browser that doesn't support javascript, java, flash,
quicktime, etc but only pictures so one can read html text and pictures
and can read a normal newspaper? If there is such a browser why not
force Tor users to use it? Make Tor only work with that browser.
If Tor wants to be an anonymous communication tool it should come in an
entire package. If Tor wants to be successful it MUST come in  complete
90% of the users use it to surf anonymously, the rest use ftp, chat or
How about instead of telling a user to:
install tor and vidalia
activate tor
install the tor button
intstall the noscript
install flashblock
configure noscript
deactivate flash, etc
install cookie culler turn off the referer header in the browser
have them just install the "package for free communication".
That way there is no way they can forget to turn anything off or on.
That way every person that uses the "Tor package for free communication"
can benefit from the expertise of the people that release the package.
All the "hacks" that are published are not against Tor but against the
users "communication package" that the users put together himself. Why
not help/force internet noobs to be safe.
I know it is called the Tor project but why not extend it to a real
communication package. Vidalia was as good start. Now one step further!!
Is there a free open source browser that could be shipped with the Tor
package that is fully configured for anonymous surfing and fine tuned to
be most anonymous, set so that it can be only used through Tor? It
should be modified so that a noob can not change the settins by
I am not a programmer but this is what must happen. If Tor is only
supposed to be for technical experts and people that hang out in
security forums every day then we should continue as is but if Tor is
supposed to be for the masses(more people more distributed trust) then
there must be a bundle. A package with everything set up for anonymous
browsing where some internet newbie can not possibly reveal his IP by
misconfiguration. The user clicks the setup program Tor installs, the
Tor browser opens, ready to go. No way the surfer can use that browser
without Tor.
Such a software package would make Moore's publications completely
I wish I could help implement this but I am not a programmer.
But this is the only way for Tor to succeed. A software bundle including
perfectly configured browser, every user must be a server, and there
must be a button with which people can choose to be an exit or not.
Right now it is way to difficult. If grandma and grandpa are capable of
choosing to be a server or exit nodes then Tor will become extremely
popular and successful. But everybody must be a router(like I2P). There
is no other way. Taking the client user base and making it a router base
would solve many problems and the possible combinations of paths (n-k-1
over k) would be so huge that an attack where the adversay controls all
routers in the path would be almost impossible.

@_date: 2007-03-23 02:48:47
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Hidden services 
Hi Karsten,
thank you very much for your reply. This helped clarify things a lot!!

@_date: 2007-03-23 03:11:47
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Preconfigured hidden service 
is it possible to have a preconfigured hidden service in Tor as I2P has?
After installing I2P all a user has to do is put html files in the
htdocs folder and he is ready to go. He can look up the URL of this
website easily.
Every noob can host a hidden eepsite. Is something like this planned for
An simple, secure webserver preconfigured to only listen to 127.0.0 and
ready to go? The average user(at least the ones I talk to) barely
manages to set up Tor. Some people are even to computer illiterate to
click on the onion symbol and choose "start Tor" any yet we need those
people in the user base(more distributed trust).
I know the programmer's power of the Tor project is limited (due to the
number of programmers) and not everything can be implemented at the same
time. And this is not a complaint. I love to participate in political
discussions an be able to talk freely and without having to worry about
being threatened threatened afterwards. I am very greatful for Tor. The
technical side of Tor is already very advanced but all the attacks
published in the last months were possible because the usability side of
Tor is still lacking a lot. I know it is a common problem for everybody
in the IT field to assume that the users of the IT have the same
knowledge as the creators but this is not even remotely true. Yes smart
project attract also smart users but what about the other 80%? What
about the 80-20 rule? :)
If Tor wants to be a hidden free internet within the internet it must
provide a one click service to host a website like I2P.
Journalists that work in Sudan, Iraq, Burma, Cuba, Russia or many, many
other countries need something that works right away. Not every
journalist can go to college and learn how to set up an apache server
and configure it. A standard installation should be able to host html
only. Tor could learn from I2P. Computer experts can then change the
settings to host php, etc also.
I think such a thing would spread like wildfire and the Tor user base
would explode. Lots of people want to host their own sites and they
would with a one click installation of a hidden service web server.
I really wish I could help with programming and not only making
Long live Tor!!

@_date: 2007-03-23 04:29:56
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Preconfigured hidden service 
Yes, if the webserver started together with Tor people wouldn't forget
to turn it on.
The reason why the number of hidden websites(hidden wiki) is not
increasing is that only professionals can run a webserver right now.
Yes bundeling a _complete_ anonymous communication package is what we
urgently need with Tor.
Since we are on the internet an anonymous communication tool should
include a ready to go webserver which is configured so that noobs are
not risking their anonymity. Something like a debian linux package. With
the next release of this anonymous communication package a new version
of the webserver, privoxy, etc would be included.
Imagine the normal user not having to start or configure anything. His
homepage would be online whenever he is using tor. Most people even
forget to start the webserver when they use tor. That would attract sooo
many new users just because of this funcionality.
If every user is a router(not necessarily an exit) and has a
webserver(securily configured by the tor team) running as soon as he
starts Tor then this would also dramatically increase the speed of the
tor network. If we make it give and take then that would totally rock.
If every user is forced to give at least 10% of this bandwith then that
would help already big time. People that want to be anonymous will not
object to this.
There would be no need to ask people kindly if they could donate some
bandwidth. Every user will understand that this is necessary. And they
are paying for internet access anyway. There is no drawback for them. By
giving they are also receiving.
I really hope that this will be implemented. I know there were lots of
discussions about this already in the archive.
But this really, really is important. Why not have 200 000 routers or
more instead of 480 knowing that these routers at least give 10% of
their bandwith?
As the internet connection speeds of users will increase in the future
Tor will automatically benefit from this. Tor is free to use and the
least thing users can do is give bandwidth.
I don't know if this is possible but how about somebody receives just as
much bandwidth as he offers himself.
If he is giving much then Tor will look for a circuit of nodes that give
just as much. In a user base of 200 000 users that should be possible.
This could prevent such attacks like the one from the Boulder university
as well.
I don't see any Tor servers from Korea for example. But there surely are
lots of users. In Korea they have very fast connections.
If all of them become Tor routers Tor would fly.
What exactly is the reason that there is a tor client and a tor server?
A button with which people choose to be an exit or not would suffice.
Only one Tor software(client & server combined) and everybody is a
router with at least 10% bandwith.
I am telling you nobody would ever use public procies again with this

@_date: 2007-03-23 05:50:39
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
Thx but no thx.
1) Torpark is only for windows
2) Torpar is commercial
3) no distributed trust
4) they want you to install flash player for an online tutorial
5) stuck up marketing people say it is offshore. offshore from what?
6) they advertise that Torpark was developed by Hackers. a statement
like that attracts the wrong people
A browser that leaves no traces is great, yes.
I don't believe in commercial anonymity solution. Companies can develop
lots of great useful software but an anonymity service needs to be open
source, not bound to one jurisdiction, decentral and dedicated to
security(not already telling people to install dangerous software like
flash) before they even signed up. How professional is that?
I still believe Tor must be bundled with a browser that is perfectly
configured to be run with Tor. Nothing commercial. Along with a
webserver that starts with Tor and is also preconfigured by Tor
experts(maybe we can bring an Apache expert into the Tor team).
Every user must be a router giving a certain percentage of their
bandwidth otherwise Tor will not work.
The people that object to this can choose to use different software. But
I doubt that there would be any. Looks at all the P2P networks. People
give their bandwith because there is no other way. Nobody complains. -->
Also, I just searched 7 different security communities for the keyword
"Tor". On 6 of them people asked if there was anything faster than Tor.
The number of Tor servers will increase extremey slowly with the current
implementation. Only experts that can figure out how to setup a server
will contribute to the speed. I am not a computer genius but it took me
a while to figure out how a Tor server works. Now how can a noob run a
Tor server.
Only if he is one by default.
But now imagine a total computer noob with and extremely fast connection
who just joined the network. He will doesn't know anything about the
internal workings of Tor and he doesn't have to and still he can
contribute so much to make Tor better by contributing his very fast
internet connectin. If every user has a chance to use a webserver that
is already ready to go a real tor internet will start to evolve and
people won't need to exit the Tor network. There won't be time to check
out www pages if there are tons of Tor pages. :)
Also if the client base becomes the router base the distributed trust
explodes. The biggest contributers in terms of server right now are USA
and Germany.
If they ban anonymity services in Germany(which is not so unlikely) it
is going to be a problem for the network. But if every user is a router,
then even a grandma in Kenia whose nephew set up her Tor software or an
internet cafe in Chile can contribute to distributed trust without
having to configure anything. The number of possible circuits would
explode. And nobody could just start a boulder type attack.

@_date: 2007-03-26 23:53:46
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
You are making a very big mistake! In theory your are correct with what
you are saying but you are assuming the total noob can learn how to safe
anonymously but also give grandma a chance to surf anonymously. Grandma
knows what a browser is but has never heard about encryption or TCP/IP.
On Sat, 24 Mar 2007 00:50:15 -0400, "Freemor"  said:

@_date: 2007-03-27 00:48:58
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
To be able to create a kick arse anonymity software we have to face
Fact is:
1) there are evil exit nodes(this won't change, no matter what)
2) there are tons of noob(this won't change, no matter what)
3) there are to few routers/exits for the clients(this bad ratio won't
change no matter how fast the network grows)
4) even if the people will change the habits of not sending sensitive
message through not encrypting exit nodes there will be new tor users
who will
Let the users surf the tor net instead of the www(encrypted messages ->
don't care about evil exits as they can not inject anything bad) as much
as possible.
To keep tor users on the tor net there must be a huge number of
websites. A huge number of websites can only be achieved by having an
integrated secure and preconfigured web server. Grandma will never learn
how to set up a webserver but she knows how to use a Wysiwyg editor to
create html pages to tell people about her life under dictatorship for
How can the ratio of router/clients be improved? Every client must
become a router. There is no other way. There must be a simple button
"Yes, I want to be  an exit." or "No, I don't want to be an exit". I
know this will take many, many hours of coding and I am not criticizing
but wishful thinking won't get this great project anywhere. Yes, there
are many nice people that run servers but the network will soon suffer a
heart attack as the number of clients grows much faster than the number
of routers.
Here is some really great idea. How about some function in Tor into
which users can enter their .onion bookmarks along with a description!
99.9% of the Tor users have no idea that there are hidden services. No
Tor user I ever met knew about the hidden wiki and all its links.
Right now the only entry point to the Tor net is the link on the tor
site. If every user could enter links of his friends or sites that he
knows about into his tor client(which is searchable by other tor
clients) then this would help make the Tor net known big time! Similar
to freenet where a start page opens. Also if the clients could keep
track of when a tor site was last reachable then that would rock!
Similar to emule where the software knows when a file was last seen
complete. No need to have link section on .onion sites and update the

@_date: 2007-03-27 01:09:15
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
That i snot stupid! Tor has this great capabiliy. Let users make the
most of it.
Tor is providing what the WWW is lacking. End to End encryption. Of
course was meant to surf the www anonymously.
But ever heard about evolution?

@_date: 2007-03-28 00:26:38
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
Is it really that difficult to test if active content is disabled?
The Tor software should not work(i.e. the "start tor" button should not
be clickable) if the user hasn't deactivated Javascript, Flash, Java,
Is this difficult do implement? There are not too many browsers.

@_date: 2007-03-28 00:38:09
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Please don't recommend Tor Button! 
recommending the Tor Button is a security/anonymity hazard. Clicking on
the Tor button will automatically remove the ftp and gopher proxy in
firefox for example. (Would the author of Tor button also set the other
protocols to use Tor if we asked him?) A better way is to create two
different OS users and leave the Tor user account with all browser proxy
settings permanently. This also solves the cookie problem as anonymous
and non-anonymous surfing isn't mixed.
Also please advise the user to make " as the homepage
of the browser in the Tor OS account. So he can see what is active
before he starts  surfing.

@_date: 2007-03-29 02:37:44
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Please RTM!...Re: Please don't recommend Tor Button! 
So that means, that when I click on a camouflaged ftp link by accident
it will not do reveal my IP?

@_date: 2007-03-29 02:43:42
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Please RTM!...Re: Please don't recommend Tor Button! 
Hrrrmmm .... there are preferences for Tor button? How can they be accessed?

@_date: 2007-03-29 03:03:30
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
Why? Surfing anonymously is a binary. Either 1) everything is set
perfectly to be secure and anonymous or 2) it is not.
There are two types of Tor users. Tor literate and Tor illiterate users.
The thing that both have in common is that they could accidentally
enable scripting or forget to turn in off. Both types would be greatful
for a mechanism that would force them to turn things off and not allow
them to use Tor otherwise.
After all they can choose to use Tor or not. Be anonymous or not be
anonymous. There is nothing third "state". Nobody would feel "being
treated as a child".

@_date: 2007-03-29 03:15:59
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Please add to "download" section of homepage 
could you please add the following info to the download section of the
homepage (you really want tor to work)?
1) firefox users please disable the "send referer information" and set
it to 0 in about:config
2) remove all languages under advanced the "language preferences" menu
in firefox
3) spoof the firefox user agent to be the "english version":
general.useragent.locale = en
English is used worlwide and doesn't reveal a user who is using an
uncommon language.

@_date: 2007-03-30 08:23:44
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Ultimate solution 
I wasn't saying that anonymity is a binary but the user's behavior.
Either he is doing the best possible thing to be anonymous or he isn't!
See what I wrote! If he isn't then we don't care about the reason. He
forgot, sloppiness, etc
Why not help him and force him to do the best possible thing to be
Understand now what I am trying to say?

@_date: 2007-05-26 02:44:39
@_author: JT 
@_subject: traceroute through tor and http proxy? 
I am using an additional http proxy at the end of the Tor circuit as the
website that I am trying to access blocks Tor.
I am not a very technical person but I would like to know if I can
test(paranoia) that everything is working ok and if a request for a
website is really going through the 3 Tor nodes, then through den http proxy and
finally reaches the website.
How can I do this? Can I do a traceroute through the tor network or what
would be a way to test this?
I am on linux.
I hope you guys understand what I mean.

@_date: 2007-05-26 02:49:55
@_author: JT 
@_subject: traceroute through tor and http proxy? 
I am using an additional http proxy at the end of the Tor circuit as the
website that I am trying to access blocks Tor.
I am not a very technical person but I would like to know if I can
test(paranoia) that everything is working ok and if a request for a
website is really going through the 3 Tor nodes, then through den http proxy and
finally reaches the website.
How can I do this? Can I do a traceroute through the tor network or what
would be a way to test this?
I am on linux.
I hope you guys understand what I mean.

@_date: 2007-05-26 04:40:27
@_author: JT 
@_subject: traceroute through tor and http proxy? 
Yes, that is what I have been doing but it still is no proof that I am
using Tor AND the http proxy when I remove the "." in privoxy config and
replace it with the http proxy IP.
Any other method?
On Sat, 26 May 2007 07:23:13 -0400, "Ringo Kamens"
<2600denver at gmail.com> said:

@_date: 2007-05-07 01:42:43
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Questions 
I am using the lasted version of Tor.
1) What are the implications of accessing an SSL Server via Tor?
My understanding is that when encrypted html comes out of the Tunnel on
the client side it goes through privoxy and then into the browser.
Correct? Therefore privoxy can not filter anything.
If all scripting is turned off, no plugins installed and everything set
up as recommended then does this pose a security
problem? How does privoxy help anyways if scripting is turned off by
default(i.e noscript).
2) Why are there so many circuits all made up of nodes from the same
country? All from the USA or all from Germany, etc.
This is no good! At least one should be from a different jurisdiction.
Even if all are from the EU it is no good.
How difficult would it be to only allow clients to connect to IPs(first
node in the path) that are not from the same country as the client?
Would that be very difficult to do? I can imagine that this would
increase security a lot.
3) There is a problem on Windows XP in the current verion(latest). If
Tor is stopped(not shut down) from Vidalia
it can not be restarted. There is an error that comes up.

@_date: 2007-05-07 23:30:19
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Questions 
What good does that do? The exit nodes can still read the content then.
If an all nodes are from the same country then chainging Tor with socks
proxies doesn't help a bit as the exit nodes still see what is accessed.
If all 3 nodes are in China and somebody accessed bbc.co.uk or some anti
government blog then  how does proxy chaining help!

@_date: 2007-05-07 23:33:40
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Questions 
Just out of curiosity. How would I use a proxy chainer with Tor anyway?
How would that work exactly? Wouldn't that be a privacy/security hazard?
I mean I can not let the exit nodes back to my machine and go through
another few proxies. That would be totally unanonymous.

@_date: 2007-05-08 04:49:48
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Are https sites dangerous to anonymity? 
How dangerous is it exactly to access unknown https servers with Tor and
privoxy? I read the Tor and Privoxy FAQ and I understand that privoxy can not
filter anything because it only sees junk. But if noscript is used, all scripting is turned off and a user agent
spoofer is used then what exactly are the dangers? Only annoying ads?
Will noscript work with https? The Tor FAQ warns of browserbugs. Can
they not be filtered by noscript?

@_date: 2007-05-08 06:23:41
@_author: JT 
@_subject: stunnel software 
I had asked the mailing list earlier whether SSL was posing a
security/anonymity risk because Privoxy can not filter anything as it
doesn't see what passes through it.
I just came across stunnel. My understanding is that it can communicate
with a https server. Is that correct?
If yes, is it somehow possible to communicate with remote hosts that
support SSL through Tor?
Browser -> privoxy -> stunnel -> tor network -> https server ???
That way one could use end to end encryption but still have privoxy
filter it.
If it can not be done with stunnel is there any other way? I hope
somebody understands what I am after... :)

@_date: 2007-05-08 06:43:03
@_author: JT 
@_subject: stunnel software 
I just found an example of what I was asking:
Would it be technically possible to make privoxy SSL capable with
stunnel, so that it can still filter browserbugs but also encrypt end to
end ?
I have no idea how much work this would be or if this is possible at all
but sounds like a good idea to me.

@_date: 2007-05-08 23:38:00
@_author: JT 
@_subject: Questions 
is there a tutorial for not too technical people how to chain Tor with
socks proxies on ubuntu linux?
On Tue, 8 May 2007 11:22:08 -0400, "Ringo Kamens" <2600denver at gmail.com>

@_date: 2007-05-09 03:02:24
@_author: JT 
@_subject: More Questions 
I hope I am not getting on your nerves with all my basic questions.
If anybody could help me clarify these I would be very greatful.
1) What language(s) is Tor written in? C? C++?
2) Is it possible for paranoid users to manually increase the circuit
length via the config file?
3) Is it possible to find out what servers are currently running via the
vidalia GUI? The servers listed there are only the knows ones, not the
running ones, right?
4) Is it possible to choose an entry server manually?

@_date: 2007-05-09 03:25:49
@_author: JT 
@_subject: chaining an additional proxy between Tor and ALL websites 
I would like to use chain an additional open http proxy between Tor and
I followed the directions
forward-socks4a / localhost:9050 .
forward-socks4a * localhost:9050 146.164.34.14:80
This doesn't work however. How can I chain a proxy for ALL websites and
not only for selected ones? The asterisk has no effect.
showmyip.com still shows the Tor exit.

@_date: 2007-05-09 23:22:02
@_author: JT 
@_subject: chaining an additional proxy between Tor and ALL websites 
1) Sometimes there is no other way when exit nodes are blocked.
2) Why would it be less anonymous? What do you mean it is easier to
track requests?
The http proxy is an additional hop which I can also change every day.

@_date: 2007-05-02 00:07:28
@_author: JT 
@_subject: We won't need Tor anymore 
anybody who speaks German read this:
Everybody else please use the google translation service. This is just
This has got to be the most shocking news ever. I am dead serious! I was
looking for a "gotcha - you went for it" line at the bottom of that
article. But there wasn't any.
I am not sure what is going on in Europe right now. Maybe global warming
has already fried the brains of the politicians in Europe.
They want to make providers store every single login and password, nicks
to every interactive website visited. Also owners of private websites
are supposed to store all connection details.
Germany is a close friend of France and whatever has been spoken out
load in Europe will eventually become reality. Will the terrorist really be the only ones to be able to surf
anonymously in the future? Using other people's hijacked machines?
The first thing before anything will be that Tor is outlawed.
To the free people outside Europe: If you read this, please help us.
Please help the oppressed Europeans. The People's Republic of Europe
needs your help.
