
@_date: 2006-02-06 09:44:03
@_author: Tor User 
@_subject: TLS errors 
My provider received several complaints about my tor server yesterday (they
did not say how many). The weird aspect is that I run a middleman node (exit
policy set to reject everything). I have checked the output of netstat and
there are no suspicious connections. It may be relevant that I upgraded from
stable to the latest alpha over the weekend but I doubt it is.
I was not allowed to see the original complaint(s) but one quote was that "I
advertised my server using IRC on undernet", and there was some additional
rubbish about how I was contributing to credit card crime.
I am left wondering what could be behind this. I presume others would have
mentioned if some bozo was busy complaining to all internet providers who
host tor servers, whether they run exit nodes or not?

@_date: 2006-01-18 04:38:16
@_author: Tor User 
@_subject: Spam sent to contact address 
I am running a tor server and publish a contact email address in a mangled
format, along the lines of  toruser-at-gmail-dot-com. I have received two
apparent spams to that address recenly. A somewhat surprising aspect is that
both contained just one random word and no other content. They were the only
two emails ever received at that address, and I have not published the
address anywhere (although google finds it at moria.seul.org:9031).
I am wondering whether to put this down to the incopetence of the
spammer(s), or whether there could be any possible reason for why they might
have wanted to send me content-free messages after going into the effort of
unscrambling the email address. I doubt they would have wanted to learn
anything from an automated bounce message (which they would expect to come
from gmail in any case) but cannot see any other explanation.
Do others also get spam to addresses published only through tor status, does
said spam look like the usual sort of spam, and can anyone think of an
explanation for the above? Many thanks.

@_date: 2006-01-18 06:38:50
@_author: Tor User 
@_subject: Spam sent to contact address 
Yes, that would certainly be possible in principle but i) both spams are
plain-text only, and ii) it is already easy to find the IP address of my tor
server based on the contact address (just scan through all few hundred known
tor servers, conveniently listed e.g. at
 ).
I am not at all worried, which is just as well given the amount of other
spam I get :-) I am, however, puzzled as to why anyone would bother to go
into a non-trivial amount of effort to decipher the email address, only to
then use it to send a meaningless one-word message.  I suppose an
explanation might be that the process of harvesting mildly obfuscated email
addresses from the web has been automated and the resulting email addresses
were then used by an utterly incompetent spammer. Another possibility might
be that the spammer had a list of harvested emails not all of which were
necessarily converted correctly from whatever form of obfuscation was used.
It would then make sense for them to try to filter out invalid addresses
before selling the list on, although it is unclear why they would use a
one-word message rather than a real spam that they could have been paid for.
I suspect I will never know.

@_date: 2006-01-26 02:15:12
@_author: Tor User 
@_subject: Bandwidth shaping by time of day / week / month? Adding that info to Tor protocol? 
You don't need to restart tor. Just update the config file and then do
something like
kill -HUP `cat /var/run/tor/tor.pid`
I guess you could have several config files and use cron to copy whichever
one you wanted to use at that time to /etc/tor, or you could update just the
bandwith section by calling  e.g. sed.
Hope this helps,

@_date: 2006-05-15 09:46:37
@_author: Tor User 
@_subject: Some simple changes to the tor architecture I believe may greatly improve it 
Few ISPs will be happy to receive the inevitable abuse complaints, and the
consequences are not difficult to anticipate. Furthermore, the mere
possibility of the police turning up with a search warrant would be likely
to put most people off ever running tor. You might also want to consider
that tor is useful to users behind web filters before you compel everyone to
run servers.
Perhaps you might want to implement you suggestion based on the existing tor
sources, and see how well it catches on? I am sure it will become popular if
it is a "great improvement" over what we have now.
TorUser (who runs a 24/7 middleman node but would never even consider
allowing unrestricted exit traffic)

@_date: 2006-05-17 07:45:08
@_author: Tor User 
@_subject: TOR on Academic networks (problem) 
I don't think it is as bad as that, seeing as the 'blocked' addresses would
not be accessible from most other exit nodes either. Having said that, I
certainly agree that it is never good to break DNS lookups.
Perhaps a reasonable solution might be to redirect requests for journals
back through tor (after telling the client not to trust your exit node, so
as to avoid possible cycles)? It would obviously be inappropriate if the
amount of expected traffic was non-trivial, but in this case it might work
Alternatively, I don't think it would cause much inconvenience if requests
for IP-authenticated webpages were simply routed to an error page that said
"Sorry, but I cannot connect to the IP address you requested. You may want
to explicitly select another exit node".

@_date: 2006-05-17 08:42:15
@_author: Tor User 
@_subject: TOR on Academic networks (problem) 
Good idea. How can I do this without also breaking DNS lookups?
I am not sure if the following would work, but it is what I would try first.
With a bit of luck someone else can suggest a better solution, or at least
warn you if mine has an obvious fatal flaw. Anyway, as long as you don't
mind that it is Linux-specific, and FWIIW:
You could use iptables to overwrite the destination address to that of a
local webserver. It would require a large number of rules but might be OK
for a small amount of traffic. You might put the rules in OUTPUT or
POSTROUTING, using something along the lines of
iptables -t nat -A POSTROUTING -p tcp -d  --dport 80 -j DNAT
--to-destination Obviously, the webserver would have to be configured to return the error
page no matter what the requested URL. You can either implement this on the
machine running the exit node if it uses linux, or you could put a linux box
between that machine and the rest of internet.
