
@_date: 2010-02-01 03:50:51
@_author: twinkletoedturtle@Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: Unknowns & Missing Keys Warning @ Tor Start /random/ 
At random intervals when I launch Tor, I see this warning:
[warn] X unknown, X missing key, X good, X bad, X no signature, X required
Where X =  It happens most often when using bridges. When ignoring the warning and proceeding to use Tor, what have I ignored, what causes it, what effect does ignoring the warning have on my Tor session? Why is this experienced more often when switching to the use of bridges?
Using up-to-date, stable version of Tor, gpg verified as OK.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-02-12 05:27:21
@_author: twinkletoedturtle@Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: Torbutton : please offer better user agent choices 
Marco Bonetti:
"I'm not getting the point of why there should be choice: if the
users using this feature start changing they UA, the blending will be a
lot more weak."
This has already been discussed previously, I was moving on to ask if
this feature could be added, not debated. "If you really need it, just disable the feature in TorButton and install
the UA switcher extension: after all TorButton is the essential
extension for a complete firefox/tor setup but not the only one required
(although it does a great job all by itself)."
This was part of my point in my opening post, we shouldn't have to
switch to another possibly closed and untrusted with the potential to
be trojaned addons which may or may not receive heavy handed testing
by Tor users to ensure it does not leak or otherwise gum up the Tor
experience. Torbutton receives testing by Tor users and the author
releases a signed version, my question is why is it so difficult to
extend functionality to Torbutton by allowing us to specify our own
user agent and/or choose between other user agents AND update the
user agent string for Torbutton with each release? Surely it can't
be much more difficult than borrowing some existing open code. If the
real reason behind not adding this functionality is the fear the
user will stand out from other tor users (a statement I don't believe)
it could be marked (dangerous) just as some other options are. If the
other so called dangerous options are there, perhaps these options
should receive better questioning as to why they are there rather
than not adding a function for users to customize/choose their own
user agent string in Torbutton.
G-Lo ?:
"Link to UA switcher addon:"  X
"Link to update the list of user agents:" X
We're already aware these exist. I was not calling for links, I was
calling for a feature improvement in Torbutton.
Andrew Lewman:
"Then uncheck the option and set your own user agent."
Where, in Torbutton, may I do this? I assume you're referring here
to modifying the Proxy user agent string setting (which does not survive SSL)
or blindly trusting another addon which may or may not have issues with
"There are other options to control your user agent, feel free to use those."
I'm aware of other options, but they are not satisfactory nor should we have
to trust other options when Torbutton could offer this simple option, even
if it must be marked "dangerous" as other "dangerous" options are clearly
marked, despite this not being a dangerous function as I see it.
"If you want to partition yourself, by all means, do so."
IMO, Torbutton usera partition themselves if they use one old, rarely updated
user agent string. By using this oudated user agent string, they stand out
as likely Tor users without checking whether or not they are using an exit node.
I would argue users are being treated like cattle and branded with this old
user agent on purpose so they do stand out that much further as Tor users.
"The reason we don't provide more user agents is to make everyone look
like one user."
I see the point, but I disagree with this being the reason people continue
to repeat day in and day out against adding better customization to Torbutton.
I argue, if the Torbutton author's main concern was this, other so called
dangerous options would not exist because the user could make the mistake
and choose different options and thus risk privacy or security issues in
his/her Tor session. I call upon the Torbutton author to consider adding
this simple functionality within a future version of Torbutton and
I suggest he update the user agent with each version rather than retaining
an old Firefox user agent.
We could all have the user agent "Torbutton user!" and blend with other
Torbutton users, too*, but I would hope we had the sanity to choose
something better and more widely used than an outdated, uncommon
Firefox user agent.
* / since not everyone downloads the Torbutton addon and has different
user agents for Tor, thus these hundreds or thousands of Tor users
without Torbutton and Torbutton's neglected user agent string do not blend in with other Torbutton users. Instead, many may choose
to use a more popular user agent string and better blend in with
everyone, not just the Tor users, after all, the webmasters reviewing
logs may see a tor exit node being used, but for all they know the
user with the popular user agent (blending in more with the population
at large) coming from a tor exit node could be spoofing the tor exit
node location. EFF's little test did not factor in the IP address,
did it? No, it factored in browser information and from the results
I've read across the web, Torbutton users stood out like a sore thumb
compared with non-tor users. I've read the responses here to EFF's
browser test site, so I don't need a rehash of people's feelings
against the method(s) used in the browser test.
I call for this feature to be added to Torbutton, I don't believe
the "blending" statement is entirely true when the larger picture
is examined.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-02-12 06:10:07
@_author: twinkletoedturtle@Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: ExcludeNodes setting bypassed 
This thread is being forked from the original as it doesn't entirely
depend on the user(s) using bridges and this problem. I understand
the purpose of Tor and know individuals, organizations, as well as
governments use Tor, so why be surprised when governments use Tor?
But if these individuals are correct, why are dc nodes making the
exception with ExcludeNodes and passing through? Is there an attack
on Tor certain nodes use to bypass this feature?
"Yes,  We're still working on it.  In fact, we're working on rewriting the
entire codebase around {Exclude}{Entry|Exit}Nodes options."
Thanks. May I ask when this bug was first noted? I've only come across
it in the most recent version of Tor. How is it it's a bug when it
openly tells you it's going ahead without your permission to use
a node in exclusion? This would not appear as a bug to me, maybe I'm
wrong. Myself and others have noticed this excludenodes function
often allows specific nodes to pass through with the warning, normally
nodes labeled as washdc nodes.
I'd like to quote from an .onion discussion on this subject, as several
people there feel comfortable posting anonymously but may not wish to
post in public here.
Here are some comments from anonymous users:
ExcludeNodes Is Useless And Flawed
- Read The Reply From A Tor Developer "I'm not surprised. They should post more about what they're really working on in Tor, such as the bug you mentioned, which I bet most didn't know of until now, on their precious blog:  instead of their usual version releases. What's next for the users to find?"
"# Is this a bug?
LOL, right, how could it possibly be a bug when the function and response to the user is printed out? Was this a gem cleverly inserted into the new version of Tor? I wouldn't be the bit surprised, especially this following the offensive and virus like "bloxor" nodes discussed on these forums and at the Tor mailing list.
Or, maybe, just maybe, the washdc and amazon nodes, along with the 149.* nodes were tired of being blocked. "
"You guys don't read your Onionforum regularly! I've posted about this months ago, several times in fact. The behaviour I noticed was that it didn't happen with ALL nodes, only some seemed to plow right on through the Exclude condition (namely those Washington DC "mystery" nodes - long suspected of being LEA's own or perhaps even NSA spy nodes).
Second, how can this be a bug? How hard is it to write the C code that says "if that node's name is listed in the config, don't use it". It's put forth like some massively complex problem requiring a full re-write of the Tor code, but it's not.
Maybe it's just CALEA for Tor... "
"I concur, ExcludeNodes function is useless as of Tor v0.2.1.22. Something has been added
to negate the ExcludeNodes function, this has never happened to my Tor usage prior to
this version.
Try this with your torrc file and the ExcludeNodes option:
1. block all nodes used by your ISP (excluding your own, assuming you're running as a client only)
2. block all washdc nodes
3. bloack all amazon nodes
4. block all 149.* nodes
5. block all "bloxor" nodes (see related thread on these forums about "bloxor" nodes)
Now, use Tor as a client for a few hours, browsing as you normally do, watch your tor logs and
note the message: (where X = nodename and # = numerical value)
[warn] Requested exit node 'X' is in ExcludeNodes or ExcludeExitNodes.
Using anyway (circuit purpose I've also seen:
[warn] exit circ (length  exit *X*)
I'm certain the Tor project is probably useless for privacy now when it's
over riding user's configuration policies. It was good while it lasted.
Should anyone pick through the code and discover how to disable this
privacy violation, please post here. "
"It never worked.
But there are more flaws. Think about a path like this:
entry:{us} -> middel:{us} -> exit:{us} all in the same country.
entry:{us} -> middle:{??} -> exit:{us} what ? same problem.
That happens randomly very often.."
Confirmed exclude nodes not effective for me as well. I've got nixnix and jalopy in my online relays list (they're supposed to be exluded so shouldn't show up) and I've just used a node that's supposed to be excluded from Estonia.
Has anyone else had nodes not excluded that aren't from the US? (mainly referring of course to those DC nodes)"
[ Another thread which references this oddity: ]
Tor Trapdoors? How To Trigger Them
- try this and see if you can duplicate it
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-02-01 04:37:13
@_author: twinkletoedturtle@Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: Torbutton : please offer better user agent choices 
In light of the Panopticlick thread and this question being asked in the past with no reasonable answer given via Torbutton's author, I appeal to Torbutton's author:
Please provide us with more of a choice in user agents. The user agent in Torbutton is not updated often enough and we should have the choice of defining our own user agent or choosing between more than one which lacks freshness in updates. I've read your reasons for why this stagnant user agent is used and I'm not happy with it.
Is it so difficult to add an improvement in usability in Torbutton to allow for better control over our user agent? We should not have to install yet another add on for Firefox to obtain this feature. Surely there's some open code available which could be added quickly to allow this functionality to Torbutton? We've heard your reason for the user agent you provide for Torbutton, but many of us aren't satisfied and urge you to kindly improve user agent functionality in Torbutton. One user agent string, especially one which receives too few updates, is not enough for many of us. This is not about one person's idea of "blending into other Tor users", fine, let's blend with other tor users, but offer us more of a choice beyond this limited and stagnant type of blending.
OT: It is unsettling Mozilla's addon server/service may modify addons after the author has submitted them without the author's approval, thank you for moving to gpg sign releases. Thank you for Torbutton.
With respect and thanks,
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-02-02 02:14:13
@_author: twinkletoedturtle@Safe-mail.net 
@_subject: ExcludeNodes setting bypassed when using bridges! Has Tor become self aware? 
[warn] Requested exit node 'X' is in ExcludeNodes or ExcludeExitNodes. Using anyway (circuit purpose Z)
Where X = Node and Z =  Fingerprints of my chosen nodes to exclude correctly set within torrc in ExcludeNodes.
Is this a bug?
Why is Tor, when using Bridges, overriding my ExcludeNodes setting? Was Tor suddenly given Artificial Intelligence? (AI). I assumed I was under control of my Tor client's functionality with ExcludeNodes. I guess I should be grateful it reported this to me at all.
OT: I'm spotting several nodes, both when using tor without bridges and with, using different node names with the same IP address. For what purpose would they do this?
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
