
@_date: 2017-04-24 12:16:23
@_author: unpublished 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TOR problems - seriously PLEASE HELP ME! 
1. Many web pages display information that I do not support "TOR 2. How to increase (amazon) the number of relay nodes?  Because standard only two redirect point?
3. How to change the end node of the country (eg country from which I am I'm using Windows 7. My provender blocks TOR connections, works only with the "amazon" bridge.
Thank you very much for your help, as no one is able to provide me with answers to these questions. Only YOU as authors can do it! PLEASE HELP ME.
Sincerely

@_date: 2017-04-25 02:29:10
@_author: unpublished 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Shodan & Hidden Services 
I come from Poland (Now a country of totalitarian power - comparable to China, where the Constitution is not observed and explicitly does not respect the European Union's provisions and agreements - to which we I'm very sorry for the duplication, but this was caused by my confusion in the structure of your operation (hard access, lack of possibility to set up your own topic thread). More than that, I can not find the answers to the questions I have asked, and I personally find them very important and crucial in terms of security.
At current speeds of 120 / 250Mbps only two bridges - with the only active (works) "amazon" bridge option , it's probably a little too much!
Another aspect of the usefulness of using TOR - web pages display a message that "DON'T SUPPORT TOR CONNECTIONS"). Can you somehow mask the fact that you use TOR browser, substituting the name of regular firefox?
A good idea would be to set the first/last COUNTRY (download/send data) of the final node - as many sites do not support connections from foreign There is still a question of what effect on the release of real IP, with use Kaspersky Internet Security 2017 (PC version), during because it Windows restart, injected its your packages (every couple of seconds it sends/receives packets on 443 port)
Times and technologies have changed. The TOR idea was 100% effective 8-10 years ago, now with surveillance for even AES256 or even PGP 8192 is not a guarantee of confidentiality. At home we have 8 core processors after 4Ghz and 256bit graphics on DDR5! Why not use this power of the face to protect our privacy!
Best regards sincerely.
PS. If you are interested in politics:
People-nation is mesmerized and manipulated and deceived by state-owned public media controlled by "Current government - government, prime minister, president". The opposition is torn and divided, meaning nothing and no representation, struggling to keep up. People divided over the years into two factions, covered by total observation and ransacking in someone else's property and past, without respect for any privacy! This is a sad truth you will not hear on TV.
-----Oryginalna wiadomość----- Sent: Monday, April 24, 2017 12:54 PM
Oops! At least it looks like a fairly small population of people
making that particular mistake.

@_date: 2017-04-26 03:17:29
@_author: unpublished 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd:  TOR problems - seriously PLEASE HELP ME! 
Thank you for your help and specific answer!
I do not know yet how to put my reply (our correspondence question-answer) to everyone on the TOR blog (different from the standard forum)? I'm afraid that something of my actions it is a bad - doing something wrong.? I do not want to impose your politeness, but could you please explain it to me, or paste the content in the right place? I >A good idea would be to set the first/last COUNTRY (download/send data) of the final node - as many sites do not support connections from foreign countries.
Super, works as it should. This solves one already my problem! It is a pity that we country have so few nodes. Is it possible to add the number of intermediate nodes (it seems very dangerous when the end-country is my own) in two TOR settings to 4 or at least 3 ? (only available working "amazon" settings). I will try to run old 2 or 4 core PC, and share it as TOR 24h Poland node. (speeds IPv6 250/50Mbps be enough?) Maybe someone will help me to run this on free Linux (stable and maintenance-free working).
I >Can you somehow mask the fact that you use TOR browser, substituting the name of regular firefox?
I have a static IPv6 address they TOR work only with amazon settings (250Mbps TV cable network). Optionally I can uses the “open” non protected Wi-Fi network which blocks TOR connections also “amazon” and 2 bridges! (2.4Ghz only, and very slow max 50Mbps with 300Mbps - b,g,n, cards /8192 chip/, use beam aerial and 78% reach).
Nice to have you explained that this is not a browser issue just a "signature" node. Is there a way to change settings in the settings so that the recipient does not see that the TOR is being used?
I >There is still a question of what effect on the release of real IP, with use Kaspersky Internet Security 2017 (PC version), during because it Windows restart, injected its your packages (every couple of seconds it sends/receives packets on 443 port)
Thank you, I read. Does anyone in TOR are really interested in Kaspersky LAB and whether (eg. Kaspersky Internet Security 2017 PC version) it not threatens to expose IP (un hidden) when using TOR worked at Windows 7,8,10???
Assuming that I use only secure pages, is not it safe to disable protection and then shut down KIS? I give up the protection of files and additionally I lose the useful option 1) effective "firewall" blocking telemetry and other spy sites (using svchost and raw RAW to retrieve information type whois, my location, markmonitor, etc.), 2) "Surfing Incognito" , 3) "Blocking banners". The question is worth it?
Once again great thanks for the help!
