
@_date: 2011-08-06 23:20:47
@_author: Victor Garin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] reddit.com wants EFF to disable HTTPS??? 
**** Please copy replies to https-everywhere-rules at eff.org,
https-everywhere at eff.org, tor-talk at lists.torproject.org ****
Neil, can you please post to the Rules Mailing List next time, i.e.
https-everywhere-rules at eff.org...I almost missed this because it was
not copied to the Rules Set's mailing list which I frequent...
pay.reddit.com works fine for me....
 == pay.reddit.com same content in HTTPS.
Can you also point out where exactly (which URL) there is a bug when
the current ruleset is used?
I don't see it. Which URLs so we can exclude them specifically.
This is what the extension does. It redirected for example:
en.wikipedia.org to secure.wikimedia.org
The reasons for using HTTPS are many including to prevent snooping on
the TOR Network.
Am I misreading something, or Peter are you planning to disable Reddit
just because someone says so?
This is a slippery slope...Next thing you know all websites will want out...
Removing/Disabling the whole site (when it is working) goes against
all the principles that EFF stands for. Unless it doesn't work it
should not be removed.
Hi Neil,
Thanks for the bug report!  We'll push an update shortly to disable the Reddit
ruleset for the time being.  Let us know when Reddit has HTTPS for real.
(As an aside, a contributor submitted a more radical proposed ruleset for
Reddit.com to our git master repository.  We have not shipped it and
won't do so unless you ask us to:

@_date: 2011-08-07 00:06:08
@_author: Victor Garin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] reddit.com wants EFF to disable HTTPS??? 
As of this time, its working for me.
I can access Reddit via  with out any Cert errors.
I even signed up for an account right now there, and was able to use
Reddit perfectly fine using  server.
I also used Tor, Exit Nodes located in different countries, and was
still NOT able to reproduce the error.
Have you been in touch with Akamai regarding this issue? What did they say?
They are considered 'premium' for a reason I hope.

@_date: 2011-08-08 19:27:42
@_author: Victor Garin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] reddit.com wants EFF to disable HTTPS??? 
There are currently 2 Rules for Reddit.
Default is off for Reddit+, which I believe (not checked the actual
code) forces HTTPS to use the following domains:
 and/or If I go to the above 2 domains I do get Cert mismatch error (and asks
users to click "I Understand the Risks"). Because of this the above
rule is disabled.
The current rule which is active, forces HTTPS to go through
 which has a proper certificate.
Based on your post on Reddit you stated that the above domain "We
don't support HTTPS for the main site at the moment. The only purpose
of it right now is for a specific set of pages (self-serve
advertisement pay pages) and the fact that it works for other pages
sometimes is an unintended side effect. "
The description of this Add-on should explain the purpose of HTTPS Everywhere:
"Many sites on the web offer some limited support for encryption over
HTTPS, but make it difficult to use. For instance, they may default to
unencrypted HTTP, or fill encrypted pages with links that go back to
the unencrypted site.
The HTTPS Everywhere extension fixes these problems by rewriting all
requests to these sites to HTTPS. Firefox users can get it by clicking
I don't see why one website should get preferential treatment.
If there are specific URLs not working, we can always add it to the
exclusion rules.

@_date: 2011-08-11 23:20:39
@_author: Victor Garin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Reconsider putting HTTPS Everywhere on 
**** Forgot to add Tor Talk Mailing list to cc. (they have some good
people with legal smarts there who may not bother to check our mailing
lists) --- Please use this thread (subject) for further replies and
please cc to ,
, ,***
"Q. Why isn't HTTPS Everywhere available for download from
addons.mozilla.org like most other Firefox add-ons?
A. We felt that the Mozilla privacy policy that applies to downloads
from addons.mozilla.org is somewhat less protective than the privacy
policies of the organizations that develop HTTPS Everywhere, and we
prefer for HTTPS Everywhere users to be protected by our privacy
policy. This decision could change in the future as Mozilla's privacy
practices evolve or as we re-examine the details of the current
Mozilla policy."
I want to ask the devs to reconsider putting HTTPS Everywhere on
A few reasons:
1. Trust: Many people trust that add-ons posted on addons.mozilla.org
has been reviewed by the Mozilla team. I mean people download many
add-ons from there, including many unknown ones.
2. More Users == Less False positives as there is a higher chance of a
False positive being reported because more sites will be tested. Also
most people comment on the Add-on page itself, rather than going
through the hoops of Mailing List or IRC.
I am not sure exactly how Mozilla privacy policy affects HTTPS
Everywhere. The Add-on code will be the same no? Or is it that the
developers and or ruleset contributors could be held liable for
submitting rules? I was thinking laws regarding, unauthorized use of
computer network or equipment? It is in the Criminal Code in Canada
which means Extradition to the US, per the Mutual legal assistance
treaty, which happens when both countries consider a crime to be a
crime, even if the minimum sentence is less in one country. Oh and the
Extradition process in Canada is just a Rubber Stamp process. I looked
up the Court Records, 99.9% of the accused were extradited (or
committed in legal speak). They don't evaluate the merit of the
evidence, basically it is Guilty until proven Innocent by a court of a
foreign jurisdiction, with a cruel and unusual punishment of being
deported to another country for the trial. Well if that isn't enough,
we have Internet Surveillance and warrantless wiretapping legislation
coming soon as part of our Conservative Government's Crime and
Punishment agenda. Hell, they did not even keep it a secret during the
May election, and they won a majority in the Parliament, see:
Damn! I should have used TOR when I submitted all those rulesets for
the last few months....

@_date: 2011-08-17 07:26:50
@_author: Victor Garin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The project "tormail" 
Very good find, (  ) and interesting. I wonder if
EFF can set up a similar free email service that works similarly on
the Tor network.
Is there a list of free email services for which you can sign up for via Tor?
Gmail always asks me for SMS / Phone verification via Tor, when I try
to sign up for a new account.

@_date: 2011-06-02 19:25:30
@_author: Victor Garin 
@_subject: [tor-talk] The Fight Against Browser FingerPrinting & Creating New 
The Fight Against Browser FingerPrinting & Creating New Firefox Release for
Non-Tor usage based on Tor Browser bundle
This post will be cross-posted to the blog where it was stated that Tor
Button will soon merge with the Firefox and it won't be a stand-alone add-on
I don't understand what each setting does in Tor Button as it is too
complicated in the settings.
For example:
Resize windows to multiples of 50px during Tor usage etc.
All I know that the default settings that ship with the Browser bundle is
good, and that it stop Browser Fingerprinting, protects your privacy, and
more secure, and has better privacy features built in, compared to regular
versions of Firefox.
One thing that will help in the fight against browser fingerprinting, is
releasing the Firefox version as shipped in Tor Browser bundle, which can be
used without tor.
What I mean is, right now I use my regular ISP for browsing, because it is
If I decided to use the Tor Bundle, I will need to make changes so as to
satisfy my daily browsing needs, such as enabling Flash videos etc. And the
proxy settings to make it direct connection.
What I would like is for Tor Project to release a fork of the Tor Browser
bundle, which only contains the Firefox part.
When I ran some fingerprinting checks on  , the
things I noticed most is that:
a. Time Zone = 0
in regular Firefox it reveals my Time Zone = 420
(probably too much resistance at Mozilla/Bugzilla to make it 0 for
b. Screen Size and Color Depth = 1000x400x24
in regular Firefox it reveals my real Resolution = 1024x600x24
(probably too much resistance at Mozilla/Bugzilla to remove this info  for
Oh and I have still not figured out how to install Flash plugin in the Tor
If you go to Add-ons ==> Plugins, there is no flash, or other plugins.
There is however Google Talk Plugin. I wonder how it got into the Browser
But all other plugins in my regular Firefox, are not in the Browser Bundle.
I have not bothered with tinkering with any Tor Browser Button settings,
just so it can play flash videos, after all it is going to be a horrible
wait to stream Youtube, for example.
Oh and each time the Tor Browser Bundle is updated, I have to re-install
Ad-block plus and my other Add-ons.
I do NOT use No Script because it is too confusing.
Anyways the point I am trying to make here is that if Tor or EFF released a
Firefox version that helped with the fight against Browser Fingerprinting,
it would be great.
I see that the fight against Browser Fingerprinting is fought mainly when
using Tor Bundle.
The Firefox devs are probably hesitant to implement stuff required to fight
Browser Fingerprinting as according to them, it takes away for the "browsing
That attitude is wrong.
Say after you release a version of Firefox that has better techniques to
fight against Browser Fingerprinting, I would hope that the Firefox devs
would atleast consider adding a Check Box in the Options where a user can
say Yes I want to join the fight against Browser Fingerprinting. If everyone
has the same fingerprint (which will never happen due to various browsers
for one thing), you will have eradicated the thing that is browser
