
@_date: 2006-06-01 01:36:39
@_author: Charles Finley 
@_subject: Vidalia 
Yes, Ringo, I also wonder why it suddenly changed. I
never saw any discussion either.
In my opinion Vidalia has too many bugs to be released
in a package that is supposed to be stable. If the
developers want to include an unstable program like
Vidalia 0.0.4, they should clearly call the
tor-vidalia-bundle beta, or something more honest than
I immediately went back to using TorCP, as it is
stable and predictable.
Vidalia messed up me server settings, and my comments
I had made in the torrc file.
Vidalia has the potential to become a good program,
but the decicion to include an unstable release of
Vidalia together with a stable release of TOR wasn't
very smart, in my opinion.
I would appreciate it if the developers continued to
include TorCP in the bundle, until there is a stable
Vidalia release where known bugs have been fixed.
Also, it would be good to know why a GUI to TOR is
called Vidalia? Where is the connection between the
names? Why was Vidalia chosen as name? My opinion is
that the name of a GUI should be related to the name
of the main program. But maybe Vidalia is just a
temporary GUI, and therefore the good names are saved
for future GUI releases?
Sorry for complaining, I'm doing it so the developers
of TOR and Vidalia can make better programs. ;-)
Thanks for creating TOR!
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2006-06-06 23:54:56
@_author: Charles Finley 
@_subject: Re2: Vidalia 
Thanks Roger for the answers.
There was another bug or missing feature with Vidalia
that I didn't mention. When I change the settings in
the torrc file, how do I get Tor to reload the
settings, without having to shut down Tor and/or
Vidalia? TorCP had a way to reload the settings
without shutting down and restarting Tor.
I guess this feature will come in a future Vidalia
Yes, It would have helped to know that Tor made a
backup, and what the file name was of the backup copy.
(But I already made my own backup copy before
installing the Vidalia bundle, so it wasn't a big
This is true. But the worst thing for an ADSL user is
that there is no outgoing rate limit, only incoming.
Which means that an ADSL user with a small outgoing
bandwith can't have a directory server as it uses the
full outgoing bandwith, or can't really stop normal
Tor usage from using to much outgoing bandwith (which
causes problems for other internet programs, but only
Thanks for making a good program!
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
