
@_date: 2013-10-27 18:25:41
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Thoughts on Tor-based social networking? 
Tor has a problem:  Guys like me used to run Tor nodes, but stopped after having bad experiences.  In particular, my experience so far has been:
- Most of my node traffic seemed to be people watching video.  I support freedom, but they can get their porn and illegally shared videos elsewhere.
- An online meeting of mostly blind individuals was griefed by a Tor attacker, who crashed most blind users's computers using known crash words.
- A web site of mine was hacked by a Tor user.
I want to support free speech and other Internet freedoms, but unfortunately the world has lots of people who enjoy ruining it for everyone else.  Would it be possible to reduce the griefers by having a social network of Tor based secret identities?  If I could ding a griefer's reputation after he attacks my web site or trashes a meeting, that might discourage Tor-based griefing.  If I could specify OpenDNS-like settings for traffic I allow to be routed through my Tor node, I could get a lot of the illegal video sharing and porn off my router.  If I could specify that only people of a certain level of reputation can route data through my node, I'd feel better about the encrypted traffic I help route.
This kind of idea has probably already been discussed at length... what was the outcome?

@_date: 2013-10-27 20:17:30
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Thoughts on Tor-based social networking? 
Thanks for the links, Roger.  On the first thread, I agree with you that exit nodes should not be expected to analyze the unencrypted traffic to determine if behavior is acceptable.  That's what NSA exit nodes are for :-p  However, OpenDNS style filtering should be acceptable, IMO.  It'd be a simple set of flags that each exit node says it supports or blocks, so it could be fairly simple for Tor users to route to an acceptable exit node.  I would want the same flags for relay nodes as well.  That would block some sites people don't want to redirect, such as porn sites - not that I have issues with porn.  I just don't want to waste my bandwidth routing it.
However, that wont stop griefers.  Nymble sounds like a step in the right direction to me.  I would prefer to add a social networking component with reputations and a web-of-trust.  That would allow anonymous users to have public secret identities, and I suspect that people would behave better in general if they needed to earn their peers' trust.  Nymble would give servers a way to black-list Tor users, but that's only useful after griefers have struck.  Requiring a specific trust or reputation threshold to allow Tor users access to a service might stop griefers before they strike.  Users could have multiple secret identities in case they have different kinds of things they like to do on the Internet.

@_date: 2013-10-28 00:02:07
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Thoughts on Tor-based social networking? 
One way would be for relay nodes to make their preferences known in the database where all the node data is provided.  Clients would simply be expected to take the wishes of the relay nodes into account while determining a Tor path that is valid for a given IP address.  That's easily defeated, but then again so is any other scheme of filtering.  Hopefully most clients would work according to the spec.  If the client needs to access an IP address that isn't supported by the current path, it could form a new path.
I agree that it's a bad idea to look at the actual traffic.  I suspect that the majority of traffic I saw on my node would not make it through my own OpenDNS filter I use at home, so just filter based on destination.
However, none of this filtering stuff is very interesting to me. I'm more interested in the idea of building a Ripple style social network/web of trust between secret identities, and using that network to promote freedom.

@_date: 2013-10-28 08:24:33
@_author: Bill Cox 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Thoughts on Tor-based social networking? 
So, let's drop the who filtering/censoring thing entirely.  Here's some more concerns I have:
Yes, griefers often use Tor.  Who are they?  The obvious answer is they're dumb kids, but what if Tor were threatening to a major government?  It's hard for me to imaging that both China and the USA could agree on Tor.  What if just one of them wanted insure Tor did not grow to a significant network?  Here's what I'd do with my budget if I were asked to trash Tor:
- I'd pay hackers to use Tor for all their bad behavior
- I'd have a thousand employees download free porn and illegal videos all day every day.
- I'd own many nodes, and sooner or later someone like DPR would reveal his IP address to me, and I'd take him down, discrediting Tor.
- I'd make sure I had enough monitors in the Internet backbone to completely track Tor traffic, and then I'd pay tons of researchers to use it.  The USA pays 60% of Tor's research budgent... Doesn't that scare anyone here?
I don't mean to trash-talk Tor.  This is a super-hard problem, and Tor has done an impressive job.  However, Tor's insistence that it not look at traffic or audit nodes makes Tor an easy target.  Is Tor failing to grow because there is an active government backed effort to keep Tor small?  Are the hackers giving Tor a bad name encouraged to do so?
So, don't track Tor user behavior, and don't filter content. However, when they piss off some web site operator, that operator should be able to state the public identity of the Tor griefer, and Tor exit nodes should feel free to black-list that user.
I really do want to run a Tor node, and an exit node at that. However, I just can't encourage more of the behavior I've seen so far.  I need some way to hold a griefer accountable.  It's a very very hard problem.  Any Thanks for all the good feedback.  I'm learning from these replies.
