
@_date: 2007-02-19 20:49:00
@_author: a a 
@_subject: Security concerning Tor, BitTorrent and Firewall 
Tor & Privoxy & Vidalia bundle 0.1.1.26
Windows XP Home
3com firewall
I am using Tor behind a 3com firewall, in connection with ?Torrent.
Before using Tor I -naturally, having not opened any ports on the
firewall- experienced low connection (up&down) rates in ?Torrent. However,
after installing the Tor bundle and configuring ?Torrent for use with the
Tor proxy server (as described at
93c23cec9198550816a114012bde0), I suddenly experienced connection speeds
which would equal those, had I used a normal port forward on my firewall.
Firstly, how does this work?
Secondly -on account of a port forward always being a security risk- Is
this a similar security risk?
And lastly, if it is indeed a security risk (no matter how small), does
this apply to other programs than BitTorrent clients, using the Tor proxy
I first inquired with the Privoxy about this issue (presuming that it was related to Privoxy) and I recieved the following response: I am fairly certain that my ISP is not the issue here, so I remain puzzled... And I've so far not found any answers in the Tor documentation.
Anybody got something on this?
- Arand

@_date: 2007-02-19 22:16:38
@_author: a a 
@_subject: Security concerning Tor, BitTorrent and Firewall 
Oh, excuses. I do not (at least not after the distinct replies) intend to use this either to leech torrents or to leech Tor. Anyways, after testing this for approximately three minutes, my ol' pa went totally nutters on the realisation that this might circumvent the firewall (and yes, he's usually nutters for a reason).
A more accurate question on my behalf would therefore be: Can Tor (if you use it without (or with, for that matter) port forwarding the firewall, create "holes" in the firewall by allowing incoming connections through the Tor proxy. The ?Torrent case kinda implies this (riiight...?) as the other peers seemed to be able to connect to me at a higher rate...
Or am I completely off the rails?
Or should this be put to rest because it is simply exploration of exploitation ?
Anyways, thanks for your replies so far, I am not particulary experienced in this so I'm sorry for any treaded toes.

@_date: 2007-02-19 23:00:50
@_author: a a 
@_subject: Security concerning Tor, BitTorrent and Firewall 
Um, as I said, I am not really interested in BitTorrent specifically (although using BT (or any other application) behind a firewall without having to port forward and creating security exposure is something to wish for, but apparently not possible without bad exploitation). About the P2P, what I gathered from the HOWTO-torify it was only the "tracking" which was torified, not the bits themselves?
But again, how could it be that this allow others to connect to me more Anyways, due to my father being rather convinced that Tor/Privoxy has somehow infected the computer in question, I'll probably be moving it out of our LAN to the DMZ, and thus having a firewall which I can configure as I se fit. So BitT (and perhaps Tor, although I doubt it) will probably be running with standard Port forwarding anyway.
- Arand
