
@_date: 2007-11-17 12:26:07
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: court trial against me - the outcome 
I am sincerely concerned about the following issue:
"address and identity used are from the cow town next door"
Please explain for us the failures of your tor implementation to
properly mix and distribute the content, and why (moreso how) such an
event occured?
I will assume at this point that an IP identification, (each session
should be on seperate nodes by design), would be compared to a
database of exploitables and thus select a local proximity target.
In all, this is completely assinine. Under no circumstances except an
idiot implementation that has all nodes in the same room, could this
be possible.
Please explain further how your machine was the sole liability, the
mail.box was set up using the exact same node, and how the responding
ip (which i recall is NOT reported?) was gleaned from the amazon
registration process.
These coincidences, unless you were entered locally with a very small
mixer, are not plausible unless there is a very explicit route / exit
node, external proxy which forwarded "illegitimate packets" or
please show us a technical diagram (flowchart) of how this process
occured, and what is known about the use of the gift card / final
WilfredGuerin at Gmail.com

@_date: 2007-11-01 11:34:26
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Logistic Mechanisms for facilitating terrorist activities. 
] were seen congregated on the roof of the
parking garage at the Bank of America tower at 701 Brickell Ave, Miami, FL
33131-2813, where they have an office on the 10th floor. Upon the explosion
around 6:30am local time of the Norwegian Cruise Lines flagship vessel the
SS Norway, they were seen sitting and dancing atop vehicles and chearing
like jews. As operatives of the British government, these "lawyers"
facilitate money laundering and logistic havens in the country of Anguilla
and elsewhere for terrorist organizations, organized crime, and narcotics
smuggling. Their compliciency was apparently well known by the American DHS
at the time, having released a "RED" warning for emminant attacks in ports
and waterways less than 3 days earlier upon the release of an audio tape by
Ayman Al-Zawahiri, a main commander for the terrorist organization Al-Qaeda.
The vessel, SS Norway, had been uniquely laiden with explosives nether the
boiler during its Annual Safety Inspection over two weeks earlier by an
Al-Qaeda operative serving as a US Coast Guard Inspector. As Dr.
Al-Zawahiri, commander of Al-Qaeda, stated in the public announcement, the
safety, security, and .... quote... of the Political interests of the United
States and the Corporate interests of Norway should be "razed / singed out
from under their feet", this is no coincidence. The 10th floor office of
WebsterDyrud is directly overlooking the Port of Miami where the cruise ship
terminals are located at 1015 N America Way, Miami, FL 33132. Historically,
these terrorist operatives have facilitated the illegal rapping of less than
56 bit keys inside thousands of bits of encryption, served the dual interest
of British terrorist organizations, they have financed criminal gang and
terrorist pursuits with illegal offshore holdings, and likely had something
to do with the well-announced attack on the SS Norway by Al-Qaeda.

@_date: 2007-11-01 11:34:26
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Logistic Mechanisms for facilitating terrorist activities. 
] were seen congregated on the roof of the
parking garage at the Bank of America tower at 701 Brickell Ave, Miami, FL
33131-2813, where they have an office on the 10th floor. Upon the explosion
around 6:30am local time of the Norwegian Cruise Lines flagship vessel the
SS Norway, they were seen sitting and dancing atop vehicles and chearing
like jews. As operatives of the British government, these "lawyers"
facilitate money laundering and logistic havens in the country of Anguilla
and elsewhere for terrorist organizations, organized crime, and narcotics
smuggling. Their compliciency was apparently well known by the American DHS
at the time, having released a "RED" warning for emminant attacks in ports
and waterways less than 3 days earlier upon the release of an audio tape by
Ayman Al-Zawahiri, a main commander for the terrorist organization Al-Qaeda.
The vessel, SS Norway, had been uniquely laiden with explosives nether the
boiler during its Annual Safety Inspection over two weeks earlier by an
Al-Qaeda operative serving as a US Coast Guard Inspector. As Dr.
Al-Zawahiri, commander of Al-Qaeda, stated in the public announcement, the
safety, security, and .... quote... of the Political interests of the United
States and the Corporate interests of Norway should be "razed / singed out
from under their feet", this is no coincidence. The 10th floor office of
WebsterDyrud is directly overlooking the Port of Miami where the cruise ship
terminals are located at 1015 N America Way, Miami, FL 33132. Historically,
these terrorist operatives have facilitated the illegal rapping of less than
56 bit keys inside thousands of bits of encryption, served the dual interest
of British terrorist organizations, they have financed criminal gang and
terrorist pursuits with illegal offshore holdings, and likely had something
to do with the well-announced attack on the SS Norway by Al-Qaeda.

@_date: 2007-10-14 14:12:40
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Button, Localized Mixer Proximity Exits, etc 
There are a number of concerns over flow management that are easily
accomodated with the existing protocols and configuration capabilities,
specificly localized mixing and exit nodes for targets such as google and
other single entry point targets, and some significant issues with the very
effective TorButton:
First, the Button should have configurability for both targets as well as
sources... Too many times the idiot firefox extensions and plugins have
attempted to connect out via the tor proxy (which is a waste of system
capability) along with other automatia like the alexa and google browser
sync which are quite useful if you want the CIA and jews to know exactly
what you are doing with said machine all the time, but obviously maintaining
the links for something like gmail (high load +js) should not attempt to
portal through TOR unless you want it to (the proxy reconfig is automatic).
Auto disabling all other comms except the actual target would be favourable,
then later selecting which route to use. Proximity mixers and routing should
be handled as well to make this effective. Most humans understand routing
graphs like visio and UML flow charts now.....
There is a statistical problem when dealing with high volume flow to single
target points, especially something like the ballancers of CIA's Google, or
Yahoo's aka, for example... Even disregarding the latency and distinction
between any exit point and the target, the issues (tracking) of transport
latency become highly problematic when dealing with session based targets.
The word-confirm systems are known to have a centralized tracking and
auditing capability, commonly used by criminal gang informants to
communicate through the "help desk" facilities, but this type of tracking,
along with session tracking, makes the need for greater ambiguity in
proximity to the target system.
It would be most effective to make use of localized clusters when
communicating to server farms, especially ones with significant traffic and
high demand. There are counter problems that could be addressed when the
flow does not pass through intermediate nodes as much for primary traffic,
but the reduction of load on smaller pipes could be beneficial.
The most obvious method of implementation is a favourability weighting and
exit GROUP routing for target ranges, serverfarm nodes at serverfarm,
heavily peered targets via peering points, etc. This would be a 4th hop exit
routing value and would double for internal mixing for sites with large
infrastructure and multiple AS routes.
The internal side would allow clusters to be more effectively managed at the
boundaries of universities (internal client) and around the perimiter of
server farms (localized) as the target, while still using diverse mixing
through the other nodes.
When specifying a local cluster as a fast mixer and a distant cluster around
the target for additional loading, an enhanced routing method would still
make use of 3+ in route and have significantly higher probability of leaving
any single political jurisdiction. (must-exit-usa-cluster at all perimeters,
The difference in performance is great, the additional avilability of
intermediate nodes, and the reduction in wasted flow for idiot content off
the dominant targets would make convolusion far more effective between
Of course, internally routed networks have obvious mix potential, and cable
is faster to cable locally (dsl, isp, etc)... Any meta cluster should
attempt to mix within itself and make good use of its potential exit points
to intermediate nodes prior to entering a target cluster for exit. (nodes
with multiple upstream providers should be encouraged, wireless, etc)
This is mostly possible with the existing systems, however self-peering is
needed for the internal mixer and fairly complex variables for the exit and
mixing requirements...
I hope someone can produce a tutorial for this purpose, or hack up a privoxy
style binary that would easily automate the process with graphicals.
The more clients there are, the more functional the system is. Machines work
only when humans comprehend with minimal mousing.
WilfredGuerin at Gmail.com
and see  about other topics (like Al Qaeda in Miami, SS

@_date: 2007-09-14 10:15:35
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Like to run TOR-Node 
The only way to determine the integrity of their policy or claims is to
contest it.
There are many options to where you implement such a system, but if you can
control the logistics of your implementation it gives you a very good entry
point into your profession ;)
However, the basis of TOR is a known set of authorized entities, the receipt
of the DHT by definition (including liability) by the machine under your
control makes the said list a known and authorized set. This could imply
that authority is also liable for transactions on other nodes by conspiracy
or intent to associate, but also provides a weakened vulnerability to
logistic attacks from those claiming your access model (known nodes and
REGISTERED machines) is open or loose.
Your best option, in any case, is to test it! (maximal loss is 1 month
service fee?)
WilfredGuerin at Gmail.com

@_date: 2007-09-14 17:26:10
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Like to run TOR-Node 
Truthfully, you might be better served in a predictive-analysis model
Set up machines at diverse ISPs that are well connected to eachother, set up
VPN streams between external entry point nodes and these various core
distributors. Max out your available connections between known and "worthy"
nodes and disallow any other traffic. Make the stats and some flow modeling
numbers public in realtime, but disallow models of traffic per each vpn
link. Connect the endpoints (possibly 2 units per server farm) to the core
router box at each physical facility, and allow transparent disposal of
problematic perimeter nodes.
Basicly set yourself up a 50$/month total vps server array at various
locations, configure all of them to talk to eachother, beit vpn restricted
or open, and connect to them various entry and exit point nodes.
By the technical definition, your internal nodes talking to eachother should
not be liable, only the publicly accessable units, which exist already and
will connect to the perimeter.
This abstracts the system from the user and endpoint quite easily, and
provides the best operations using an environmental restriction rather than
relying on the open software...
A good comparison is the various irc networks, where core is protected and
leaf nodes are open to public and failover.
Your total experiment cost should be a small ammount per vps on each
machine, some of the hosted accounts also allow deamons when registered, it
is unfortionate tor never built the via-protocol cyphering methods that
other projects have used, it could allow your system to look like any
indistinct distributed network.
10$/machine, 20$ per core a month at most... a simple effort to set up 2
hosted and a vps core at an isp per individual would double for their
purposes yet facilitate the network integrity modeling that is needed
There were a number of other mixer and distributed p2p portaling systems,
along with a few very good protocol tunneling capabilities... i wonder where
these have all gone???
There is also php and perl capability to call external http requests active
on most servers now that is required for the blog/rss/etc cross linking,
easily serves as a mixer/tor node without much effort... 2-4$/month each,
unlimited bw

@_date: 2007-09-04 14:08:24
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: ToR Protected Processing 
Though I'm sure there has been much discussion on the appropriate methods of
implementing distributed data management and processing with TOR
capabilities, this specific target project has critical reasons for
protecting the autonomous data processing systems that handle specific
arbitrary data.
I propose this need for the protection of unwitting individuals who have
taken a picture and under no circumstance realized or knew that something in
the far far distance might be a restricted govt site or other "no pic"
Please contact me directly with information on any project working on
grid-style distributed data containment and processing, especially VM
emulated and sandboxed models, and more modern implementations of
transparent loading and migration with physical region weighting. "
WilfredGuerin at Gmail.com"
The project of concern is intended for k-12 classroom curriculum in the
fields of using technology and imaging tools for practical applications. The
dominant protocol uses a conventional camera, large spheres or other balls,
and any computational system to generate 3d models of the environment.
In full scale, this project (now simplified to "Project BigBall.us")
implements a simple known-target identification model (large spheres) to
facilitate extrapolation of imaging data to 4d models.
The data and processing requirements are explicit, maximal imaging sources
to maximal storage and processing facilities.
A current model using various p2p and server-centric distribution and
management of both processing and data storage works suitably, however there
exists no consistent protocol or system definitions that make use of current
public-use techniques like the mess of current distributed processing
The specific model of data and processing management is not of concern here,
the mechanism of protecting the arbitrary processing device and facilitating
scientific research without concern for rogue vulnerabilities must be
determined prior to public release.
We all know of the irony of preventing analogue-signal video tape from being
used at American infrastructure, and video from a cell phone is far more
useful against their concerns.
Our concern is very explicit: any 2 images for a distant horizon will not
each independently show the distinct object when said object's visual
profile is less than a pixle, yet the extrapolated correlational vector
between 2 images will give finite and distinguishable characteristics of the
If said resulting data overlaps ... air in a flight path with nothing flying
(or worse, near-space earth) ... it could be assumed a liability for any
system involved in processing.
Moreso, even with known "do not show" sectors in 4d, the isolation of the
do-not-show requires the segregation of its signature from other
environmental characteristics; one can not determine that it sees something
until a separation is made between that which it sees and another that it
In order to strike voluntarily a target from imaging, beit someone's house
or a true liability, system must know what that target is and other
characteristics to facilitate removal. Other options are simply not
possible. (Proven)
My concern is simple.
Aside from diverse distributed data management and processing, there is
explicit need for protection mechanisms in this model.
If a student (k-12) wants a good 3d model of the park or beach, using all
available image sources is expected. Is the student liable for the flesh in
the image where the system stripped the growth characteristics of the tree
in the background out for the project and ignored the single-case (spurious)
structures? Moreso, does said student get expelled because an autonomous
machine polled imaging sources to extract relevant information and happened
to need to filter that which was unneeded?
In the expected dealings with the DHS NAO, NGIA(nima), etc, our analysis has
indicated that a waco-style religious institution is needed to protect the
region of any specific ball to force release of various media and data
collections, but protecting the excess of diverse machines, their owners,
entities associated, etc, from such stupid liability as a smoke stack on the
distant horizon requires further analysis.
I have proposed a derivative project called "Skunk Cabbage" (which always
smells good) that would facilitate VM/emu sandboxed scientific processing
environments on distributed machines, fully manage distributed loading and
processing with regional sectoriing using a consolidation of the current
psuedo-standards, and most importantly, COMPREHENSIVE SYSTEM AND CODE
INTEGRITY SUFFICIENT TO SUBSTANTIATE THE DISTINCTION BETWEEN AUTONOMOUS
SYSTEM AND HOST ENVIRONMENT.
Of course, maximal efficiency, but with no liability for the computation of
the distributed processes.
Please contact me directly with information on projects that are somewhat
related to these concerns.
Moreso, how does one best merge and optimize the various data transport
capabilities of any viable client system or host and still protect and
isolate the processes involved?
Such research and protocol creation should be desirable by all parties
requiring an isolated or protected computational and data storage
environment while using the power and resources of currently existing public
I look forward to any responses and a fast pursuit of a system suitable for
this task.
-Wilfred L. Guerin
WilfredGuerin at Gmail.com

@_date: 2008-04-29 01:43:14
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Fwd: [Fwd: ESA Foreign Notice (fwd)] 
contact prq (us says their server is "managing" the transaction)
directly, non-educational games binary should not be going through tor
on ethics in the first place. There have not been many TOR-PirateBay
intl. loopback cases yet. US should have no say on TOR exit node euro
via .se to anything other than a US based entrapment source. (Hint:
ESA illegal)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
i am the operator of a tor server located in austria:
today my isp forwarded a copyright compliance from the 'Entertainment
Software Association' (ESA). the claim is attached below. the ESA refers
to the 'Berne Convention and other international treaties covering
intellectual property rights'.
has anyone experience with such copyright compliance?
i found a response letter refering to US law:
is there a similar letter available wich is suitable for
european/austrian law?

@_date: 2008-04-29 01:43:14
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Fwd: [Fwd: ESA Foreign Notice (fwd)] 
contact prq (us says their server is "managing" the transaction)
directly, non-educational games binary should not be going through tor
on ethics in the first place. There have not been many TOR-PirateBay
intl. loopback cases yet. US should have no say on TOR exit node euro
via .se to anything other than a US based entrapment source. (Hint:
ESA illegal)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
i am the operator of a tor server located in austria:
today my isp forwarded a copyright compliance from the 'Entertainment
Software Association' (ESA). the claim is attached below. the ESA refers
to the 'Berne Convention and other international treaties covering
intellectual property rights'.
has anyone experience with such copyright compliance?
i found a response letter refering to US law:
is there a similar letter available wich is suitable for
european/austrian law?

@_date: 2008-04-29 03:57:29
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: TOR:NFOrce.nl:ESA:(unknownp2p esa?):via prq.to 
checking the legal models: (check with  support at nforce.nl re other
cases, prq is not technically involved)
1: claim is intrinsicly invalid (wipo!=berne)
2: tor is a service in your country
3: ESA methods illegal in US and intl laws
4: ISP should not have audienced the claim, forward is expected, but not valid.
5: attempts to extort $ = intl wire fraud, another message is illegal ()
6: 0 liability for you if exit node was "managed" as per tor master
authority (same basis as bt, etc) (and same method used to monitor and
automatically request foreign entity taps by watching only the master
auth in us/uk)
7: please warn on the legal precident attempts by these thugs. EFF is
NOT clean, but ESA claim is totally invalid.
8: I have addressed nforce.nl and prq et al about dns bindings,
trackers can be resolved to ip, but should not be bound to dns
9: the only way ESA could have that data is if they themselves were
trafficing the files. Therefore, ESA has committed intl crimes as
evidenced in that email, contact your federal police.
10: ESA does not exist, the email is "spam" and wire fraud. ;)

@_date: 2008-04-29 18:15:24
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: TOR+UN / Dept State / etc 
What ever happened to the multitude of UN/country authorities who
suggested using TOR as a mixer to prevent local origin tracing?
I know the US foreign entity tap on the athority server neutralizes
blind nodes (as designed) and that many intl boundary and pering
facilities full proxy entity traffic like prq* and the crypto
authority servers for logging or interjection (amongst more obvious
public services.goo and wire providers) so its assumed any composite
entity would be in the automatic hijack system by now, but what of
policy support for practical uses?
DHS and ETED have demonstrated in route and endpoint trapping (slaves
to the master auth = same entity on paper) and the obvious fake exit
traps, but apparently noone has done a current analysis for practical
implementations like small physical facility proxy through vpn (to
institution uplink) (which us dept state was supposed to be doing
anyways) and high visibility target origin mixing (like UN used to
diversify perceived location of staff but was intrinsicly defeated by
mim and sniffing of traffic to their auth servers...)
What is the current political status and perception?
Or do I have to announce the malevolent design of TOR much the same as
hushmail or FCC Part 15 Rules?
I'm not exactly liking the bullship comingout of EFF lately, their
fraud and criminal intent must always be eradicated, but there is no
reason for you not to tell of intrinsic designed exploits in TOR
unless you are knowingly protecting criminal intent.
-Wilfred L. Guerin
WilfredGuerin at gmail.com

@_date: 2008-02-28 10:31:05
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: "Your system clock just jumped" on Debian+VMware ESX 
irupt probs on debian/etc is old kernel according to vmware,
"their kernels are old. 2.6.18+ fixed this."
though there are other concerns on heavier smp sytems

@_date: 2008-02-02 19:36:05
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: HTTPS Free Webmail alternatives to Gmail [split from:] Re: Fastmail.fm better E-mail for Tor users than Gmail? HTTPS! 
kids, https key negotiation goes on the same wire and through the same
proxies as the content and stream control packets.
have a nice day.
Don't forget to check your bank account balance soon!

@_date: 2008-03-15 01:01:36
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Tor on the OLPC: Working as a server! 
confirmed dec 2007 unit with Jan (*91) update with the following errors:
also need to configure for school server and tunneling, the olpcs are
excessively vulnerable and should use tor to offoad school networks
rather than risk mim isps. Also the MESH capability needs to be
optimized, the dual head radios are not used correctly with the
offloading chip and may not need to buffer content through cpu, just
su * disallowed in new terminal (null pw doesn't work) but in the
graphical term the new icon top right is "Become root"
rest of sequence is fine,
mkdir not needed, rpm succeed, not using fwall, please confirm
"StickFigure" operational
appears tor blocked by 802.11 ap .. advise

@_date: 2008-05-18 15:01:21
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: USAF wants to violate federal criminal law 
Part 15 of the FCC Rules.
Ever wonder what those excessively long exposed wires between chips in
your computer are designed to do when they are intrinsicly not
Why there (per policy) must be conventional electrical communication
between physical chips where that implementation is fundamentally
invalid and should always be one single chip?

@_date: 2008-05-18 15:19:22
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: USAF wants to violate federal criminal law 
"some secret deal..."
This is what DMCA was designed to contradict. It is illegal to have an
awareness of deadly threats against you, no less exploits embedded in
disinformation systems.
Simply knowing about interference between signals, ripples interacting
in a pool of water, or patterns in the sand gets you on the terrorist
watch list.
God forbid you realize you can manually audit your chip or device with
a hammer and microscope by eye.
Even worse, you read FCC Part 15 rules and ask "why would I WANT it to
ACCEPT INTERFERENCE??"
And beyond, that "Stealth" on missiles a funny shaped airplanes has
nothing to do with insulative coatings on common materials and more to
do with very large observation and jamming systems eminating from
nowhere near the vehicle or the targeted "fcc compliant" sensor
Welcome to the modern era, children.
This httpS message sends the wire negotiated encryption key over the
wire WITH the "encrypted" data. Do you frequently write the lock
combination on the safe or tape the key to the lock when it is left in
hostile environments?

@_date: 2008-05-18 17:29:56
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: USAF wants to violate federal criminal law 
if that was the case, kids, then how does the client read it? Your DHS
airport x-ray machines are a third type of "accepts interference", not
to mention whatever is in your belly.
Try wrapping 1 bit encryption keys in infinite wrappers, and see if
hushmail.ai makes any difference.
Welcome to New Haven-Co.
Traffic on a single wire is only a wire. Especially when the entire
sytem is a false ploy to begin with.
hilariously, DieBold!

@_date: 2008-05-27 07:14:03
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Fwd: Logistics of International Policy Restrictions (project liberation) 
(re imperialist export restrictions)
Here is a simple set of projects to research and review, along with
some case examples of the complexities of liberating an open/public
domain project from NATO restrictions:
Simply put, there are a multitude of poorly written books about simple
technical topics not because a book is better than machine code in a
machine nor because
of the zero profit margin of poorly written text, but because the
freedom of speech and expression in education is not protected in that
which is not a direct form of expression. Machines are a proxy, video
of you typing or singing "semicolon hrt slash slash foo" may be an
Unless someone very very big throws flags on an entire project, which
no UN country can do and the religious institutions of age are
incapable of, the chances of protected escape is close to zero.
Even such simple things like playing with a ball or correlating pixle
vectors and color are notably restricted "especially" in elementary
childrens' education. One can teach theory, but they will destroy your
text and code. One can explain concepts, but never directly suggest a
method. And DMCA says it is illegal to know how a thing works where a
patent unrelated may exist.
Here are some basic examples of what the western govts do to those who
simply expect minor freedoms of intellectual activity:
1: Hushmail.ai (hush.ai,hushmail.com); Intended as a simple
java/script based endpoint encryption and crc for email content,
especially for clients in financial market or hostile (bad isp)
environments, they knowingly moved logistic operations to Anguilla, a
money laundering haven and British protectorate. Though their original
plan was decent (though stoned), their implementation had a few minor
holes. Moreso, their data facilities and Anguilla physical operations
were physically shot up and the humans "molested" by a MI5/6 led
commando military incursion from a patrol/destroyer naval vessel
responsible for the UK caribe. The result: Wrapping a 1 bit encryption
key in billions of layers of encryption has no effect on the 1 bit
null cypher of the email content.
PGP 2.6.2i: Pretty good privacy, public key encryption; It was what it
was, a decent checksum and cyphering varification of content with
general key stamp. Versions priot 2.6.2a were fine, handled
distributed private keys, and were "pretty good"... American company
Computer Associates (ca.com) came along with what appeared to simply
be a very hostile buyout. 2.6.2i build forced a master authority
server (one) and was critically incapacitated with a logic flaw that
never cyphered beyond 55 bits.
New Havenco, (havenco.com) set up in 2000, was a false front by an
american police institution at sealand (sealand.com) and never had a
clue from the start. It was more of an exploration of offshoring after
the deadly hushcom issues, but... well...
https/ssl: Noone ever told you that when a wire is fully compromised,
like your isp between you and you bank, or a radio receiver near an
ethrenet wire, that the "key negotiation" goes bidirectionally on this
same said wire. If the server's encryption was "secure" then NO client
could read it. Etrade (example) and others have cell-pager and time
based hardware key generators they physically distribute to clients.
TOR Authority Server: As with many others, TOR (which got a research
grant from the US State Department for their use) has a good public
idea, a simple mixing proxy, but its entire means of operation was
neutralized by forcing a central single authority server. This one
entity allows all traffic to it to be trapped at any level and thus
instantly identifies both the client and the auth's suggested contact
point.  The result is quite simple, their ability to transport data
without manipulation is neutralized fundamentally.
Leicia Geosystems: This is a good counter example. Leica makes
cameras, cameras need image processing. They made cameras for a
consumer market which simply could not substantiate the NATO
restrictions on color (versus BW) image processing. The americans
refuse to give up their restrictions on BW binary-only data
classification with max 2d planars in optically coherent modes.
Physically, there was no way for a camera to be made with the
restrictions in place. Leica bought out esri/erdas to secure the
fundamental patents which allowed them to DUMP the patent to
neutralize the american NSA seized patent restrictions. They did so
with ranking military orders.
p2p Auth: Your last hope for distribution, even of your poorly written
books, has a problem with american disinformation fronts; P2P
(console) distribution mechanisms are now entirely forced through a
single master control authority. The master authority for torrent
service is their target, by any means of propoganda. (See TOR)
In the case of OSGEO and other intellectual materials, your master
authority is google and sourceforge.
Your ranking master authority is the american run "internet" and its
inherent FCC exploitability.
As their weapons automatically track telecom targets and data
propogation, if they want to destroy the opportunity for children to
play with a toy ball, they will attack and neutralize "threats" at a
global scale with no concern for the lives of their victims.
They just spiked and incapacitated this pda/fone to prevent
propogation of this message. It may take days before freedom of
expression is facilitated and criminal molestations and tampering
reduce. Assuming they do not try to kill me again before then.
Welcome to the western imperialist crown.
-Wilfred L. Guerin
wilfredguerin at gmail.com
(composed yesterday and blocked)

@_date: 2008-05-27 14:45:27
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Fwd: Logistics of International Policy Restrictions (project liberation) 
Andrew, aside from "entity" based intl policy concerns, having 7
control authorities exponentiates the accuracy of the target vector to
the misled target; especially on shallow topologies, you not only give
the aggressor a vector to the general wire from one observed route,
you guarantee a kill by isolating all possible routes by means of
"available" auth servers.
Assuming auth servers AND isp are effectively designed, more authority
destinations greatly reduces the ambiguity of the tor client and
likely pinpoints it amongst regional aggressors.
Open mixer proxies and client validated entry points with valid tables
are the only way, adding an authority server is a ploy just the same
as the children mindlessly use bittorrent trackers to contact
authority servers on mob wiretapped "entity" host isps.
EFF is a criminal gang exploiting little children to make a
profiteering racket of fake legal cases and industries much to mislead
you on the integrity and authority of a crown.
