
@_date: 2018-02-18 08:28:29
@_author: Rauidri Baron 
@_subject: [tor-talk] tor-talk Digest, Vol 85, Issue 16 
February 6th, 2018 For Immediate Release:
What happened to 1970s America compassion?
Contributor, Host, Producer, Author:  Daniel Roy Baron (California) Talk
Show Host and Board of Directors member President of Win Win Internationals
(see bio at bottom of release)
Interview - Contact winwininternationals at gmail.com, or call Daniel Roy
Baron directly at 619-430-7236
The for profit political prisons in America create Jim Crow slavery worse
than before the Civil War
The rich white racists control our "divide & conquer" have based legal,
political and media systems
If compassion were in charge, all of our problems can begin to be solved.
The idea that power tends to corrupt is how our wealthy Elites treat have
nots in our caste systems favoring the rich
Our fellow anti Trump  marchers work to shine a bright light on
what's broken in our REALLY Raw America "Homeless, Have Nots, Minorities,
Refugees, Immigrants, LGBTQ".
Let's see how we can all help EMBARK upon compassion in 2018 and beyond
The latest podcast talk show episode on Punk Rock Politics Podcast is now
We talk about our RAW America; private prisons, homelessness, and the King
Deng Foundation.
What is broken and reality solutions on how to help Africa, Asia, America
and our world w/ compassion, helping to meet the needs & equality of all
Learn from our YouTube what's broken in Raw America concerning our
homeless, refugees, immigrants, minorities, LGBTQ, disenfranchised have
nots and our compassionate solutions for a better tomorrow.
 Thank you Michael Cole w/ Punk Rock Politics Podcast for our really RAW
human being podcast.
Media Contact: For an interview or article contact with over 40,000 on most
social media Phone: (619) 430-7236
Email: winwininternationals at gmail.com
Author: Looking Glass Shattered. Most of us are too busy to do an autopsy
on America since the 1970s. Daniel Roy Baron is ready to jump into what's
broke and how to fix it.
Learn more about his two books and what is Looking Glass Shattered America?
Here is our latest episode on Win Win YouTube; our criminal justice system
in America is only for rich racist white people.
Bio:
