
@_date: 2005-07-16 15:35:37
@_author: wtk@hod.aarg.net 
@_subject: Hidden Service, Apache, phpBB & Auction-Script? 
I am setting an Apache v2 server on my windows XP machine.  This is my first attempt at running a server and offering bulletin board and online auction services.  If I am not out of place I have some questions I would really appreciate some assistance I am going to install the following services on my Apache server:
1. phpbb v2 (Bulletin Board software):
2. Auction-Script (Online auction software):
I want to place these services behind Tor's Hidden Services to ensure the security and anonymity of myself and my guests.
My system:
Windows XPsp2 with 512mb memory
Cable DSL (3gig) with dynamic IP address
Paging File disabled
Firewall software
Anti-Virus software
Anti-Trojen software
I have read the Hidden Service configuration info on  and I have read the Tor WiKi.  I did not find the information I was seeking so I have a few (rather simple) question's I would like to ask:
1. When setting up Apache v2 I am prompted for a "Network Domain"(DNS domain) and "Server Name"(DNS name).  My account addresses from my ISP provider is automatically entered in these I understand that usually I would have to use a "Dynamic DNS and URL Redirection service" like  register my Domain and setup DNS Hosting (both possible through  or   Then I would have to install an automatic Dynamic IP Updater like DynSite Version 1.11 (  ) to keep up with my constant IP When I keep my account addresses from my ISP in these boxes Apache installs fine.  This is as far as I have gotten as I wanted to ask these questions before I went further.
Could I keep my account address from my ISP in these boxes when using Tor's Hidden Service with my bulletin board and auction-
site?  Or do I have to setup a Domain Name, DNS Hosting and Dynamic IP updater for use with Tor's Hidden Service and my bulletin board and auction-site?
2. If I understand correctly when editing the Torrc file in board and auction-site, I would use the respective port numbers for these services with these Torrc edits:
HiddenServiceDir /usr/local/etc/tor/hidden_service/
HiddenServicePort 80 127.0.0.1:8080 (I don't plan on offering a HTTP website)
HiddenServiceDir /usr/local/etc/tor/other_hidden_service/
HiddenServicePort 6667 127.0.0.1:6667 (edit port for bulletin HiddenServicePort 22 127.0.0.1:22   (edit port for auction-site)
Is this correct?  If so would I then have three different .onion 3. Do I need to setup Hidden Service to port 80 if I am not offering a HTTP website?
4. The auction-script software requires Pearl 5 to be installed and running.  The auction-script 'read-me' file states: "In order for Perl CGI programs to run on Windows, the server must be properly configured to run them...The reason is, in order for the Perl CGI script to be able to create files in a given directory, that directory must be setup so that EVERYONE has FULL CONTROL."
Upon installation of Apache there is an option to have Apache listen on port 80 "All Users, on Port 80, as a Service - Recommended".  This option seems to offer the "full control" that "everyone" must have to use the auction software; is this 5. I read in the Hidden Service docs: "HiddenServicePort is where you specify a virtual port and where to redirect connections to this virtual port. For instance, you tell Tor there's a virtual port 80 and then redirect traffic to your local webserver at 127.0.0.1:8080."
Is it possible or more secure to setup Apache to listen on port 8080 and still use the bulletin board and auction-script software?  If so, should I setup Tor's virtual port for the bulletin board and auction software ports (replacing the example IRC and SSH server prots)?
6. Auction-script software uses Pearl 5 CGI script, will the use of Pearl 5 CGI endanger the anonymity (IP) of my server and the guests accessing it?  For example, would Pearl 5 CGI have the same effect as using Java while surfing via. Tor/Privoxy?
7. Are there any considerations or configurations I have not mentioned or I should be aware of?
8. Would it be a wise idea in regards to 'plausible deniability' to setup a Tor server on the same computer I am installing Apache, the bulletin board and auction-site?
9. I would not like to run out of RAM so to keep the paging file disabled I believe I need more RAM.  Should I keep my 'Paging file' disabled or enable it?
Much Cheers!
