
@_date: 2010-02-20 00:22:18
@_author: wuiv yccwg 
@_subject: Searching for "good" ISPs 
Hi All,
 Sorry for this shameless plug, but it seems to be very relevant to
the topic. As someone said before this is Capitalism and if there is
demand there will be supply.
  I am actually working for a startup company Coldbot (UK),
 and we are running a beta test of hosted Tor
service (still very much in development stage, though). Feel free to
have a look. The idea is to to give customers an option to run Tor
servers without getting too deep into technical details and without
worrying how 'Tor friendly' their ISP is.
  The plans are to have Tor, VPN and some kind of proxy server
services which customers could pick and match in any combination they
  As one of the options the customers could VPN into coldbot network
and use it as the EntryNode their Tor server running on Coldbot
network. Which would be almost the same as having so much discussed 2
hop Tor routing. Quite a few other combinations are possible as well,
including simply running a Tor server either as relay or exit.
  Basically, I am after some feedback and maybe a wish list or
suggestions. What Tor community would like to see in such kind of
service provider?
 Thank You.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-02-20 02:16:17
@_author: wuiv yccwg 
@_subject: Searching for "good" ISPs 
Yes, exactly. It is basically the idea to be a "good" tor host, among
other things.
I believe that presence of such 'potentially' concentrated Tor
subnetworks would be beneficial to the network because:
1. It would simplify running high bandwidth tor servers for not
technically minded people.
2. It would add bandwidth capacity to the network. We could scale it
up to tens, even hundreds Gbps if there is demand.
3. The network still stays fairly distributed, thanks to /16 hack, and
careful use of Family configuration options.
4. Users get more options. As with using VPN to get to the same box
running the EntryNode. Someone wants to trade some anonymity for speed
by trading down to effectively 2 hop scheme. They would get this
_option_. Not everyone needs a bulletproof anonymity. Some people just
want to have some anonymity to simply prevent ISP's selling their
clickstreams, for example. Just good Internet hygiene.
5. Eventually, once Tor gets more popular, which I think quite likely.
Particularly, if it gets quicker. This kind of networks could grow in
something similar to today's bandwidth exchanges like LINX LONAR LIPEX
and such, but in Tor network.
6. With growth of Tor network it will inevitably gravitate to a
topology which minimises cost of bandwidth anyway.
just a thought...
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-02-21 11:51:40
@_author: wuiv yccwg 
@_subject: Searching for "good" ISPs 
This is is a valid concern. The only thing I can think of to mitigate
this is enforcing on all nodes hosted by us MyFamily config option to
at least include all nodes controlled by coldbot.
