
@_date: 2006-12-13 20:41:06
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Law & Order: Criminal Intent, Season 6, Episode 10. 
Sweet. The video seems to be available, and well seeded, at local friendly p2p services too.
The entire episode is mostly Hollywood Propaganda mixed with mindcontrol which sets the pretext for the Police to threaten people and basically do what ever they want in a nazi-germany Police State fashion, the plot is ridicilous and the only thing worth viewing is those few seconds where Tor is mentioned..

@_date: 2006-12-16 12:43:31
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Security Now: Achieving Internet Anonymity 
Podcast. "Description: Last week Steve and Leo discussed the social implications and the social power of Internet Anonymity. This week they discuss the technology of Freenet and TOR (Onion Router) networks, and Steve describes the detailed technical operation of both systems. "
 (transcript)
Mr. Gibson describes Tor (which he calls "TOR") as:
"incredibly cool".

@_date: 2006-12-16 13:31:54
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Annoying "wikileaks" message 
I get this every time I send something to or-talk now:
"Topic: Moderating your message
Your message for list wikileaks has been forwarded to editor(s)"
I mailed nothing to list wikileaks. My involvement with "list wikileaks" is not indicated. I suspect or-talk is forwareded to a wikileaks list and that this list is moderated and sends this annoying message to or-talk posters.

@_date: 2006-12-01 10:47:55
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: what happened to the hidden wiki?? 
Perhaps it was down when you checked or something else went wrong, regardless, it's there (and worked for me) now.

@_date: 2006-12-03 12:50:07
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Communications between Tor servers within the Tor network, an idea 
I am not sure I understand what you mean...
Torward is a great little software program which listens at a port for files and can also be used to send files.
Now. I am A. You are B. I setup blahblahblah.onion (let's use that as "nickname" as you call it).
As B, you run:
torward.exe -h blahblahblah.onion -p someport subversivefile.txt
Now I as A get the file dumping into my Torward running at blahblahblah.onion. This works even if we both are Tor clientz.
I think I get what you are looking for, but the Problem with Your Story is It's very easy to find out who A and B is, isn't it? From my understanding of your text, this is the security properties of ANY file transfer tool, isn't it, because both server A and B would know that (nickname) is at B? (He's over there!! GET HIM!!)
I realize that you probably have goodness in your hearth and want more people to run Tor-servers, but really, it does not look like this would give me the security properties I want.
As for more people running Tor servers, Tor users who realize that the Tor-network simply won't work if everyone runs as a client; if you use Tor once a month then alright, be a leech, but if you use it for 90% of your Internet traffic then you really should run a server...
Probably, if I misunderstood it, but as I understand it, what you describe gives worse security properties than the currently existing way of doing things. Also, file-transfer - and everything else - should work in client mode too!
If I pay for 5 co-located servers running Tor-servers and run i client mode because I've got slow ADSL at home or am at the library or at a friends house then I still want to be able to use the full potential of Tor and do everything I could do if I were running a server.

@_date: 2006-12-05 23:00:07
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Off Topic: Getting PGP and GnuPG Public Keys 
Thanks. It was a tad long, but.. thanks. Nice list of keyservers.
# Thanks to George Shaffer
if [ "$1" == "" ];then
  echo "Enter a key as argument!"
  exit 1
echo 'tickets.rutgers.edu
pgp.eteo.mondragon.edu'|while read keyserver;do
if gpg --keyserver $keyserver --recv-key $1
   echo Found key at $keyserver
   exit

@_date: 2006-11-24 10:55:10
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: False certificates 
May I say THIS IS A VERY SERIOUS ISSUE and needs to be investigated!!!
Gold is a very heavy element, and though it could melt, it does not pulverize. It also does not fall in value like the in-reality worthless (not) Federal (who has no) Reserve notes known as Dollars.
I do not admit using the e-gold website, but I find it extremely disturbing that Tor exit nodes are trying to present false certs when trying to visit the e-gold website. THIS IS A TOTAL OUTRAGE!
We need a in-depth investigation.

@_date: 2006-11-07 00:39:22
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Tor Network Status Website - Reduce the page size!! 
May I say that your page contains a huge truckload of donkey dong? It takes hours to download the status page, even longer when using Tor.
Every single line contains this (what I mean by "donkey dong"):
td bgcolor=' align='left' valign='center' .. font face='Tacoma' color=' size='3'
The obvious question is: Could you perhaps do this using CSS? The webpage turns out 2.2MB of... above mentioned HTML.
Also, "Named" could be done with bold on the server name, instead of using a table cell for yes/no.
Also, the server doens't do Content-Encoding: gzip.
In bullet summary, the page is 2.2MB and could perhaps be trimmed down to 300-400K and still look almost the same to the user by cleaning up the HTML.
Mr. BlueStar88's Tor status page  gives a page which is 905K with exactly the same information - which is less than half the site of above mentioned page. And even that could also be reduced...
Mr. BlueStar88's also figures out if there is something on port 80 which serves a web page and links to it, which is very good and may encurage people to run Tor-servers (look!! my site gets advertised on the status pages if I run a Tor server!!)
Also, you may want to consider putting up a pure text (perhaps gzipped) version of the page as Free Speech & Tor-haters (Those bastards!) tend to setup scripts who download status pages hourly and parse them and make evil blocking-scripts. Having some Tor-hater download 2.2MB every hour is probably sad and depressing.
Sexy. Put a link where the source can be wr0red at the bottom of the page or something. Or just mail it to me. :D
Rumor is that  v0.0.9 is released.
Vidalia is good for you. You must download and install it now.

@_date: 2006-11-12 22:14:08
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Win32.Trojan.Agent appear when close Torpark 
1. Torpark is not made by the good people who made Tor. It is also not endores by the Tor-developers. It is made by a third party who packages together existing seperate products. Torpark is simply a pack of other tools.
2. Please try the actual tools included seperately and see if this "Win32.Trojan.Agent" is reported. By this I mean that you should:
- Download and install Tor.
- Download and install Privoxy or Polipo
- Download and install Firefox Portable.
...and see if the same Trojan.Agent is reported.
You can make a simple bat file start.bat like this:
start "Tor" /DTor /MIN tor.exe -f torrc.ini
start "Polipo" /DPolipo /MIN polipo-20060920.exe -c polipo.ini
..which basically does the exact same job as Torpark (No, this is not my batch file, it's from a project called "TorParkAlternative-1.5.0.7", but where oh were did this project go? I don't know, and nobody but nobody seems to be talking. But the point is simply that "Torpark" does nothing more than this batch file: It installs other peoples seperate products and starts them combined - using a binary .exe file. Why? I don't know why. I am not the Torpark developer, so I can't tell you. But I can tell you that you can do exactly the same thing WITHOUT an .exe file.
We KNOW FOR A FACT that if you start the Torpark .exe in version 1.5.0.7, as in C:\Torpark\torpark.exe , with the switch /DEADBEEF you DO get a black cross with Cult of the Dead Cow symbols. No, this is not a "conspiracy theory", it's there, Torpark does includes a black cross with cult-symbols, you can check it out for yourself and verify this all by yourself.
It must also be mentioned that the fact Cult of the Dead Cow made  So what you should try is to uninstall Torpark and install the products included in that bundle one by one, and then see if the "Win32.Trojan.Agent" shows up. If does then the problem may be your firewall, or something else has installed a trojan, or Torpark left behind a trojan. It it doesn't then it's Torpark itself which includes a trojan or is wrongly identified as a good luck.
911 inside job. (Democrats + Republicans) == CFR

@_date: 2006-11-13 10:09:39
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Tor and speed 
Let's say I have two Tor-servers.
A) A server with a limit of 500 KB/s which is pushing 500 KB/s of Tor-traffic.
B) A server with a limit of 100 KB/s which is pushing 10-20 KB/s.
Which server will pass the the circut you are using to load a page on faster?
Now you and other people see that oh, server A has lots of bandwidth, let's all use that as a preferred server, now it's got a truckload of users who have asked for their circuts to go through it, now it's even more overloaded... ...while those who get circuts going through server B get higher speeds, because this server has 80-90 KB/s available for traffic, while A is already This being said, I HAVE READ THEIR SECRET DOCUMENTS. I know their FINAL PLAN ot allow such routing. I have even exposed their secret document at   and it states:

@_date: 2006-11-13 12:38:08
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Anonymous Blogging 
I setup  with SSL from  which means that you are not sending plaintext when blogging. But it is easy to see that you have a connection to that site (but not what is transferred), so you should use it in combination with Tor. But you don't need to use mine, there are plenty of other good services, just make sure it's small and free-speech friendly. Blogger.com IS NOT.
Refer to this thread:  for information about the Google-owned Blogger.com service censoring blogs.
As for your Internet connection being under constant surveillance, this is likely true and quite common in criminal tyrannical regimes like Norway - and something commonly done to activist in the rest of the countries within the NATO alliance. Now, if you assume your Internet connection is monitored, you should consider everything related to your computer-security in the context of being under total surveillance.
For example, a normal telephone can and are being used as microphones with it's on the hook (This technology was developed by Swedish Ericsson in 1984, this is nothing "new"). So if, for example, you're using Skype and that connection is secure (computer security) then it really does not help much if government nazi are listening to you using your regular telephone while on the hook, using a parabolic microphone (the government terrorist only need to be in the building across the street and aim it at your window to listen to you) and on and on.
Tor will make it impossible for someone who are looking at your internet connection to find out what websites you are going to, including services like the CIA-connected  service Blogger.com. It does sound like you should use Tor for your blogging.
But be very aware of all the other real world attacks you likely will be subject to outside of the strict field of your internet connection, where Tor does help. Tor does not help if the government nazi break into your home and place a tap inside your computer keyboard, or install a keylogger program on your computer, and on and on.
One last little detail; you shouldn't use Tor for sending plaintext at all, because the operators of the Tor exit nodes can see and snoop the unencrypted text going from the exit nodes to the sites you visit. A rule of thumb is to only use Tor for unencrypted connections where you don't send anything (when you are normally browsing the web..), only use Tor to send passwords over SSL - and other encrypted - connections.
Good luck. I used Tor when the criminal Norwegian government were monitoring my Internet connection, like in your situation. And even though it helped for that specific MINOR issue it did not help against all the other MAJOR issues typcially present when crimial regimes want to silence you, which is why I eventually fled that country (I'm not saying you should leave your country, leaving your friends, family, everybody, everything is .. quite sad, but .. sometimes it is the only alternative to government torture and harassment)
911 inside job. (Democrats + Republicans) == CFR

@_date: 2006-10-21 08:20:51
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Weird behavior of google and yahoo... 
There is info at In bullet summary, too many connections from one IP to some-sites (like Google and Yahoo) is viewed by them as bad behaviour.
Consider using   - This is a scraper for Yahoo and Google, basically a middleman (which is a good thing to use for non-tor users) between yahoo and google - this works great from Tor too.. also, if you are a Tor user then google/yahoo can use cookies to track you, scroogle won't try to set cookies (which is why you should configure toolz like switchproxy to remove all cookies when you switch Also, if you get 403 you can try another exit, just append nickname.exit after the URL.. as in  to exit from nadia. This doesn't work with some sites, namely any site using vhosts, since the server may not know about no sitename.com.blahblah.exit vhost, just sitename.com, but it works for google & yahoo & most services who are so big & profitable that they only run one site pr server/server cluster.
- 9/11 inside job, check the evidence at

@_date: 2006-10-21 08:34:47
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: end-to-end encryption? SSL? GnuPG? 
I've heard a rumor about this amazing new end-to-end encryption solution for web called SSL. Apparently, it requires the web-server to be configured to support it and if it is then end-to-end encryption can be archived by going to a URL which begins with https://
https:// requires paying a Tax to a evil corporation to avoid getting a message complaining about "not trusted" cert,  but that only means the root cert is not buildt into the browser; you can easily make your own cert too; but this requires the users to verify that the cert used matches the fingerprint announced on the website.
I agree that your idea of using GnuPG for everything is excellent. The IM client PSI is only one of many IM programs who now support using GnuPG for chatting. I agree that websites serving pages using GnuPG and Firefox - and every other browser out there - supporting it. I agree the idea is excellent, but .. I seriously doubt GnuPG will replace SSL - ever. But .. I agree it's a good idea.
Also, it should be mentioned that Tor exit's can (and some likely do) monitor traffic - thus; sending passwords to non-SSL websites (webmail, forums) etc is generally very very dumb. Last, you mentioned Torpark. It's an .EXE, what's this .exe for? What else have these people come up with? Are you aware of this:   info?
Perhaps there is a simpler solution, download Tor, Polipo and Firefox Portable and make a .bat file (instead of torpark.exe) which does the same?
start "Tor" /DTor /MIN tor.exe -f torrc.ini
start "Polipo" /DPolipo /MIN polipo-20060920.exe -c polipo.ini
Just my random ramblings.

@_date: 2007-04-01 05:59:38
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Is this for real? 
In bullet summary, we know:
1. Tor comes from the US Naval Research Laboratory, which is a DoD Corporation
2. NSA is also a DoD Corporation. This is very important to remember, "it's the NSA!!!"? NO. NSA is a part of Depertment of Defense.
3. Mr. Dingledine, Mr. Mathewson and Mr. Syverson make no secret that DoD use 4. HOW do the DoD get THEIR network security? From MY Tor-servers.
5. HOW do I get MY network security? From DoD using Tor!
See? I pop out of the Tor-network. It could be me. It could be the NSA, or any other branch of US DoD.
So, should DoD-subsidiaries like NSA run fast Tor-servers? YES! And that is exactly how YOU get increased security!
You really should realize that DIVERSITY is how I get the security properties I want.
Let me put it like this:
Let's say ONLY people "who are inclined to use Tor for political reasons" were running Tor-servers. "He's using Tor!! He has political reasons for using it! GET HIM!"? -OR- "He's using Tor! He COULD be a political activist. Or he COULD be the NSA. Or he COULD use it simply because he don't want websites tracking what products he's looked at in the past. Or he COULD .. etc".
If the entire Tor-network was run by US DoD then Yes, that really would be bad. But if US DoD runs 5% of it? GREAT. We really NEED FAST SERVERS! My view is that US DoD, and their subsidiaries such as NSA, really SHOULD run servers. So should China. And Russia. And Venezuela. That is how we get In bullet summary, here's what I have to say about not only DoD/NSA, but ANY single entity running a Tor-network, regardless of what you think of them:
You're running 1-5% of the servers? GREAT! THANKS!
You're running MORE than 5% of the servers? WHAT ARE YOU UP TO?
Helping the Tor-network is great. Regardless of you think those doing it are bad, because it gives diversity and better network security. Only start paying attention if one single entity are suddently running a large percentage of the network - DoD/NSA running 50% of the Tor-servers? That would raise my eyebrows....

@_date: 2007-04-23 18:20:56
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Open DNS 
I call SCAM. Yes. SCAM, I tell you. This isn't really Tor related, so I'll keep it short. In bullet summary, we know:
Their nameservers are:
nameserver 208.67.222.222
nameserver 208.67.220.220
At first blush their service may seem plausible. However, try them and visit something like  which takes you to:
I'm sorry, but if I try a non-existing domain then I prefer to be informed that the domain can not be found. OpenDNS will tell you "Sure, there's a website called whateveryoutrytoresolve.com, here's the IP, and you should go visit that site and view all these advertisements we've put up there".
Further, their nameservers really aren't all that fast. I've got 50ms ping to them and it takes them 345 ms to resolve a domain. They do cache, so if you lookup the same name twice then you get a quicker response, but so does bind and tinydns and those respond in 1msec if it's cached.
As for Tor: I want to get a message saying the domain isn't found if it doesn't exist - I don't want no mikey mouse bullshit advertisement landing page. Thus; I'd really dislike it if you use OpenDNS with Tor and now you're sending all these random Tor-users to view the stupid advertisement.
Now that you know OpenDNS is bullshit scam, consider this:
I setup a fast Tor exit server, it uses my wildcard nameserver for it, I redirect every resolve failure to a landing page, I'm fairly sure that would upset quite a lot of people.. So don't use OpenDNS at all, specially not with Tor. I call it a SCAM. Perhaps that's a little harsh word, but I do view their "service" as basically nothing more than any other nameserver out there except that they wildcard any non-existing domain to their advertisement page.

@_date: 2007-04-27 15:12:37
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Tor nodes blocked by SORBS (thus; e-gold+++) 
Quote, mr. Dingeldine at "What The Hack", July 2005:
"If you're still using SORBS then I feel sorry for you". I did a (Scr|G)oogle seach for SORBS just now and it turns up all these pages talking about how bad SORBS is, and how their delisting policy can be described as "extortion"
Services like e-gold can use any kind of spam-solution they want, but perhaps education can at least be part of a solution. If you e-mail them and say "Please stop using SORBS, they block a whole lot more than they should" and you give them references and examples and explain how their list is 98% innocent IPs then perhaps e-gold will stop using Tor. Personal example: My e-mail DNSBL configuration was cut-and-paste off some howto webpage and it included SORBS. Then I learned about how SORBS blocks anyone and anything for any or no reason and then I checked every DNSBL service I used, their policy, who runs them and so on, and then I removed half of the DNSBLs I used. It may be that E-gold are not intentionally scamming Tor-users. It may just be that they have no idea how stupid it is to use SORBS for anything.

@_date: 2007-04-18 12:34:11
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: [Fwd: High-traffic Colluding Tor Routers in Washington, D.C. Confirmed] 
Please do run as many servers as you can afford. There is absolutely no privacy issue if you set the MyFamily option. Note that you must remember to set it on all the servers for it to work (so I can't just claim 99% of the Tor-network is my family and therefore you should use my 1% remaining evil servers by setting the option in one config file).
There is no issue with you running 100 servers as long as you use MyFamily, that would be very good. It's only when you're running 100 servers on different /16's and pretend that you have no involvement with any of them that I would wonder what you're up to..

@_date: 2007-08-27 23:30:22
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: SORBS still sucks (was: Connections to botnet masters) 
They still have no clue.
I use  to search Google, regardless of doing so through Tor or not. And they don't have this connection limit mikey mouse bullshit Google has. It also shows 100 results pr. page by default (so you don't have to add num=100 when searching Google, which is their max pr. page) and the page layout is way cleaner. I've also e-mailed a bit with mr. Brandt (who runs him) and I trust him (which is no reason why you or anyone should, but hey, if you use Tor then you don't need to).
My personal opinion is that you should simply educate people on how SORBS blacklists huge IP-ranges and huge amounts of IPs based on absolutely nothing and that 90% of their blacklist is totally innocent IPs. I used SORBS until I became aware of this, now I know and now I don't use them - and I always mention this if people ask me what blacklists they should/shouldn't use.
Let SORBS blacklist whatever they want. Just document it and tell people about it and when enough people know and nobody uses it then it doesn't matter if they and their 5 users are blacklisting the whole internet.

@_date: 2007-12-12 14:07:11
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Why does TOR stream data when it&#8217;s not in use? 
I strongly advice you to switch to a free software operating system such as GNU/Linux if you use Tor for more than fun and play. Atleast start using a free software browser.
My Tor data-directory is about 50 MB, it's normal that it downloads or updates the list of Tor-servers when you start it. It's also normal that it establishes circuts, which uses a low amount of outgoing bandwidth.
Tor's default configuration will give you client mode only and not allow relaying nor exiting through your Tor-engine.
One possible reason for the traffic you are seeing (note that this is only speculation) could be that your IE is infected with spyware which uses the proxy settings. It could also be that the buildt-in IE spyfeatures uses the proxy connection for something, we can only speculate as to what the code in the Windows Vidalia Bundle or it's "updates" do -- which is why I recommend that you seriously consider using a open free software OS. Using Tor doesn't help you much when you are using software which spies on you and reports everything you do, regardless of that being done over an anonymous connection or not.
Keep using Tor, I might have avoided being tortured by Politiets Sikkerhetstjeneste and having to flee from Norway if I had started using it earlier and taken steps to conceal my identity. Then again I had no idea that covert torture of people critical to the regime is a standard practice in Norway before I found out the hard way.

@_date: 2007-12-17 16:28:38
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Change your name to avoid ISP known about Tor-exit? (Was: Provider 1blu closed exit node torpaulianer) 
This is a very bad idea. Be perfectly honest with your ISP if you operate a Tor exit node. The best thing you can do is to be honest up-front and explain what Tor is and ask your ISP if you can run a Tor exit node up front.
If you are terminated for running a Tor exit node at a ISP then find another ISP which allows it.
Using a fake name is reason enough for any ISP to terminate your contract. They should, and they will if you find out.
Don't try to fool your ISP. Just find another ISP you can work with.

@_date: 2007-02-26 04:15:09
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: ISP controlling entry/exti ("Low-Resource Routing Attacks Against Anonymous Systems") 
This is false. These are actually both at the same ISP (Same datacenter, same 72.9.108.50 - Tor router Nadia.
66.199.240.51 - Tor router Lillemy.
In this case there's no simple way to figure out that they are next to each other (sort if, four rows of racks away or something like that). They're in MyFamily, so Tor knows not to use both of those in the same path in this case, but it should be assumed that The Adversary isn't going to tell Alice or Bob about it's involvement with multiple routers.
Just to give another example, some of Norwegian Goverument ISP Telenor's /16's:
It don't know if this information really matters regarding the paper in question. I just wanted to point out that looking at /16, or /8 for that matter, does not in any way prevent one Tor circut from going entirely within one ISP's network.
Does it really matter? I don't know. Something like the directory authorities looking at the servers netname: could be one way of identifying routers within one ISP.
But.. that'll probably help if the ISP is the adversary. And this may be the case. So perhaps only one tor router pr. ISP would be a good idea.
It may also be the case that ISPs in a whole country is the adversary, for example, SORM hardware connected to Federal Agency of Government Communications and Information (FAGCI) is installed at ALL the ISPs (There are some fights about this laid out the press from time to time, some refuse, but generally speaking ISPs got SORM). FAGCI also owns RELCOM, a major ISP.
So FAGCI as the adversary: No exit/entry within Russia in the same circut. But does listing a whole country as one family help? Is it a good idea? Or is /16 My personal assumption is that if FAGCI  wants to know the location of US forces in Irak and around Iran - so they can pass it on to Iran - and we assume they assuming the US use Tor for their security...
...then FAGCI should just sign up Tor-servers at as many different ISP's around the world as they can afford (And FAGCI is very well-funded).
Which kind of leaves the solution: Grow Bigger. Tell your friends to run Tor-servers. Tell your corporation to do so. Tell NSA and other branches of DoD to do so. And FAGCI. ;-)
It's possible to change path-spec.txt to look at ripe's netname:, or look at the country, or look at /8 instead of /16. But the real answer as I see it is just a way bigger Tor-network, 800 routers, pfft, setup 800 yourself and you're half the network. 8.000 routers, now it's getting very expensive to be half the network.

@_date: 2007-02-27 14:55:15
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Norwegian DNS compromized 
$ dig +trace alolita.com
alolita.com.            3600    IN      A       69.5.162.133
dig  alolita.com
alolita.com.            1800    IN      A       80.202.4.7
217.13.4.21 is a DNS server which belongs to Norwegian ISP NextGenTel.
** EVEN MORE ALARMING: ** $ dig  tor.eff.org
; <<>> DiG 9.3.3rc3 <<>>  tor.eff.org
; (1 server found)
;; global options:  printcmd
;; Got answer:
;; ->>HEADER<<- opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: 4867
;; flags: qr rd ra; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 2, AUTHORITY: 7, ADDITIONAL: 7
;; QUESTION SECTION:
;tor.eff.org.                   IN      A
;; ANSWER SECTION:
tor.eff.org.            7191    IN      CNAME   alcatraz.eff.org.
alcatraz.eff.org.       7191    IN      A       209.237.230.67
;; AUTHORITY SECTION:
eff.org.                7191    IN      NS      ns01.eff.org.
eff.org.                7191    IN      NS      pdns1.ultradns.net.
eff.org.                7191    IN      NS      pdns2.ultradns.net.
eff.org.                7191    IN      NS      pdns3.ultradns.org.
eff.org.                7191    IN      NS      pdns4.ultradns.org.
eff.org.                7191    IN      NS      pdns5.ultradns.info.
eff.org.                7191    IN      NS      pdns6.ultradns.co.uk.
;; ADDITIONAL SECTION:
ns01.eff.org.           27408   IN      A       209.237.230.67
pdns1.ultradns.net.     104763  IN      A       204.74.108.1
pdns2.ultradns.net.     104767  IN      A       204.74.109.1
pdns3.ultradns.org.     20162   IN      A       199.7.68.1
pdns4.ultradns.org.     19897   IN      A       199.7.69.1
pdns5.ultradns.info.    19897   IN      A       204.74.114.1
pdns6.ultradns.co.uk.   29335   IN      A       204.74.115.1
;; Query time: 10 msec
;; SERVER: 18.244.0.188
;; WHEN: Tue Feb 27 08:50:03 2007
;; MSG SIZE  rcvd: 367
$  dig  tor.eff.org
; <<>> DiG 9.3.3rc3 <<>>  tor.eff.org
; (1 server found)
;; global options:  printcmd
;; Got answer:
;; ->>HEADER<<- opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: 18773
;; flags: qr rd; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 0, AUTHORITY: 7, ADDITIONAL: 6
;; QUESTION SECTION:
;tor.eff.org.                   IN      A
;; AUTHORITY SECTION:
eff.org.                5771    IN      NS      pdns3.ultradns.org.
eff.org.                5771    IN      NS      pdns4.ultradns.org.
eff.org.                5771    IN      NS      pdns5.ultradns.info.
eff.org.                5771    IN      NS      pdns6.ultradns.co.uk.
eff.org.                5771    IN      NS      ns01.eff.org.
eff.org.                5771    IN      NS      pdns1.ultradns.net.
eff.org.                5771    IN      NS      pdns2.ultradns.net.
;; ADDITIONAL SECTION:
pdns1.ultradns.net.     64266   IN      A       204.74.108.1
pdns2.ultradns.net.     64266   IN      A       204.74.109.1
pdns3.ultradns.org.     64349   IN      A       199.7.68.1
pdns4.ultradns.org.     64349   IN      A       199.7.69.1
pdns5.ultradns.info.    64349   IN      A       204.74.114.1
pdns6.ultradns.co.uk.   64267   IN      A       204.74.115.1
;; Query time: 121 msec
;; SERVER: 217.13.4.21
;; WHEN: Tue Feb 27 08:50:39 2007
;; MSG SIZE  rcvd: 312
dig  tor.linuxreviews.org
tor.linuxreviews.org.   60      IN      A       66.199.240.54
dig  tor.linuxreviews.org
; <<>> DiG 9.3.2 <<>>  tor.linuxreviews.org
; (1 server found)
;; global options:  printcmd
;; Got answer:
;; ->>HEADER<<- opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: 1672
;; flags: qr rd; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 0, AUTHORITY: 6, ADDITIONAL: 5
;; QUESTION SECTION:
;tor.linuxreviews.org.          IN      A
;; AUTHORITY SECTION:
org.                    170324  IN      NS      TLD3.ULTRADNS.org.
org.                    170324  IN      NS      TLD4.ULTRADNS.org.
org.                    170324  IN      NS      TLD5.ULTRADNS.INFO.
org.                    170324  IN      NS      TLD6.ULTRADNS.CO.UK.
org.                    170324  IN      NS      TLD1.ULTRADNS.NET.
org.                    170324  IN      NS      TLD2.ULTRADNS.NET.
;; ADDITIONAL SECTION:
TLD1.ULTRADNS.NET.      17695   IN      A       204.74.112.1
TLD1.ULTRADNS.NET.      155105  IN      AAAA    2001:502:d399::1
TLD2.ULTRADNS.NET.      77630   IN      A       204.74.113.1
TLD3.ULTRADNS.org.      83928   IN      A       199.7.66.1
TLD5.ULTRADNS.INFO.     743     IN      A       192.100.59.11
;; Query time: 47 msec
;; SERVER: 217.13.7.136
;; WHEN: Tue Feb 27 14:53:55 2007
;; MSG SIZE  rcvd: 292
In Bullet Summary, We Now Know: Tor? You're looking up DNS in Norway. You're in Norway. NO TOR FOR YOU.

@_date: 2007-02-27 21:33:06
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Tor WORKS / Norwegian DNS (partly) compromized 
I did a whole lot of checking. Tor (tor.eff.org) DOES resolve from within the NGT network. Some DNS names resolve and other's don't when using their nameservers from outside (which I did).
However, NGT and Telenor DOES give false DNS replies to many sites. I've put all testing information regarding this here: It seems that there is a shared list where NGT redirects to 80.202.4.7 and Telenor to 193.213.117.102 on a given list of DNS requests. These both show the same page which say you're a bad person.

@_date: 2007-02-27 23:14:28
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Norwegian DNS compromized 
Hey, wait a minute. You're talking about Censorship. Don't you realize that? Or do you want a thought police?
See, I don't even care if it's "the jews" or the "pedophiles" or commie nazi or terrorist. I don't want any Censorship. Period.
See, if you ban one thing then you've already compromized. You've already moved your line in the sand. Then they come for your right to share your political opinion. Then what's left of your liberty. No compromize. No censorship. Period. Please consider your OH NO IT'S PEDOPHILES!!! standpoint.

@_date: 2007-01-11 10:27:02
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: more letters from the feds 
Use bandwidth limiting?
BandwidthRate 45 KB
BandwidthBurst 95 KB
This is low, but that's all I can spare on my home ADSL, and at least it contributes something. Limit your home node and it don't attract more than you can spare. Also, you can lower it temporarily (the minimum is 20 KB) and just -HUP tor if you need to upload a big file somewhere or something like This is something you need to consider if you're going to run a exit node, you may have to face legal problems running a Tor exit server. If you are not willing to do it then don't. My view is that if it ever comes to that then I'll just face the legal problems, for in my view it won't be a matter of
me vs. the state
it'll be a matter of
freedom (of speech) vs the state
and if freedom vs the state has to be tried with my being involved then I'll do it.
Middle-man don't exit any traffic. If someone puts you on a list simply for _relaying_ encrypted traffic from A to B then that's just insane, but if someone wants to do it, then go ahead. I really don't see how running a middle-man node could get you into any kind of trouble (but what do I know).
Has anyone ever got into trouble for running a middle-man node?
I run exit nodes co-located and also on my home ADSL. I don't have any second thoughts, but as said, I am aware that I may get into legal trouble and I'm 100% willing to face that if it comes to it - because, as said, I view that as something that would be Freedom vs Tyranny, allowing Tor-servers vs. forbidding them, not something that really has anything to do with me (apart from my name being on the legal action because I run a tor-server, but the case itself won't be me vs. the state, it'll be Tor vs. the state).
Very good question. You'll be on the list of tor-servers, but I see no other "attention" you could get.

@_date: 2007-01-24 03:03:48
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Fwd: EZZI.net Abuse Warning 
xiando at xiando.com
Regarding Server Main IP: 66.199.236.130
We got a notice from the Undernet IRC Network about a number of servers on
 our network making suspicious connections to their network, your server
 appears to be one of those boxes. It appears whoever caused this hacked the
 servers by brute forcing SSH logins and uploading a fake httpd binary and
 launching it.
Please look into this matter immediately, if you need help feel free to open
 a trouble ticket. It is also suggested you check your servers password
 policy and make sure your passwords are secure. We suggest at least 6
 characters, uppercase and lowercase letters and numbers.
We thank you in advance for your swift cooperation in this important matter.
Thank you,
EZZI.net Support Team
I got multiple copies of this (I have more than one Tor exit server).
There are - apparently - bad people on the Internet (no shit). It is likely the first time EZZI.net has got a (very much likely) Tor-related abuse complaint. Please share any view on how to respond to EZZI.net about some person on the Internet hacking some box on the Internet using Tor (which seems to be why EZZI.net wants me to explain myself).

@_date: 2007-01-03 14:03:13
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Help!! I'm a total computer n00b and know nothing and need to learn how Tor works 
This text is copied from [Zyprexa-discuss] tor link does not work at:
"Someone said that they thought the tor download link on the wiki was  ... it is not as of now... it goes no where.
So it's apparently conclusive: I know of no source for anyone to  download these documents at this time.
If someone does know, they may want to edit the wiki to reflect that...
But please -- if you do so -- build a bridge to "non-geeks."
Some of my favorite books are the "For Dummies" books. Yeah,  sometimes those books really are dumb... but often those books smash  smash SMASH the wall between those out-of-the-know and those in-the- know. That's why they're so popular! I love that attitude.
So take a lesson from some of the most popular series of how-to books  of all times....
If you have some knowledge (such as about Tor).... spell it out in  even a few simple steps and introductory info on the wiki.
And of course, leave NO acronyms unexplained... we already know  you're smart!"

@_date: 2007-01-04 14:11:08
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Good reasons to use Tor etc. 
Your friend says something your government does not like, they drag him away, you never see him again, nobody ever heard from him again, he's just gone.
Perhaps you'd like to say something about your government killing your friend, or torturing your family, or something worse, but you'd like to not be killed or tortured for doing so. Eh?
There really is little difference between todays NATO countries and yesterays NAZI Germany, except that the technology is far more advanced and government torture and murder kept even more quiet under todays fascist NATO-regimes. And then there's China who's government is so arrogant that they - unlike NATO countries - openly admit to torture and murder for speaking out against their government.
But hey, if you have no ability to think critically or question and believe the Disney-land-like Hollywood-directed propaganda reality shown on television then perhaps it's hard to understand why there are huge amounts of good reasons to speak anonymously...

@_date: 2007-03-10 05:58:16
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Slightly OT: 'Big brother' surveillance makes waves in Sweden 
Almost On Topic (related, anyway): "A far-reaching wiretapping programme proposed by Sweden's government to defend against foreign threats, including monitoring emails and telephone calls, has stirred up a fiery debate in the past few weeks, with critics decrying the creation of a "big brother" state.
The new legislation, to be presented to parliament on Thursday, would enable the National Defence Radio Establishment (FRA) to tap all Internet and telephone communication in and out of Sweden."
Beware, people of Sweden, and the west in general. Very good reason to use Tor right there.
More Slightly Off-Topic: FRA is visiting websites with information about Tor. And they are not using Tor to do it (Yes, I realize the Xiando Total Surveillance Office is evil. But you guys are using Tor, aren't you?)
(Please don't reply to this unless you absolutely have to, this isn't immensily Tor-related, only something which makes a very good argument when you're explaining Why You Should Use Tor within Sweden - and the west in

@_date: 2007-03-29 18:06:32
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: [off topic] More 'bad press' for online anonymity/freedom of speech 
In related off-topic news,
A swedish nobody named Magnus Ljungkvist went all over the Swedish press march 28th and agressively attacked anonymity with the slogan ""I don't debate masked people" and claimed anonymity is "a threat to democracy". Swedish blogger Petter Nilsson managed to get a great defence story into SVT, the Swedish governments primary propaganda vessel, where he makes very valid points defending anonymity:
It's a great read - if you understand Swedish. He basically argues that it doesn't matter as much if you say something anonymously or not compared to what is actually said, and points out that most of the intelligent comments on his blog are written anonymously.

@_date: 2007-03-07 02:37:20
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: list of tor IP addresses 
The Abusive Hosts Blocking List does DNSBL.
Their story about why they block the enitre Tor network is actually quite "A: Probably are talking about us, considering we refused to delist the entrance and transit nodes from the TORbl.  The TORbl is used by both people wanting to block access from TOR nodes, but also block access TO tor nodes. "
There's also this: They offer a .htaccess file. That too has the "He's in the Tor-network!!! BLOCK HIM!!" policy which completely ignores if the box in question actually has anything to do with exiting.
Also, the trick that is used so sucessfully by some Tor-servers is to set OutboundBindAddress IP to something completely different than Address IP (if you have more than one IP). Blocking lists will block the Tor adress without having any idea what is really going on regarding exiting.. (just a tip, As for DNSBL: What's (possibly) missing is a list which _only_ lists servers who allow exiting to say.. port 80 and 443. Or just IRC. Thus; people who want to block Tor could block only the servers who can connect to the service in question.
Probably.  has a box at the bottom where you can enter an IP (and select IP as query field) and it'll show you if the IP in question is Tor or not. If course, this will show you that 66.199.236.130 involvement with Tor is indicated, but won't tell you anything at all about 66.199.236.131, which is good (or bad) depending on your point of view.

@_date: 2007-05-11 19:52:15
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: public/hidden issues 
I have no idea why you would want this, but I do it just to make sure people have the address for the hidden http service so they can start using that if the public one goes away. This brings up many serious problems, like:
* You are NOT anonymous, depending on how you do it. There's domains by proxy and that kind of thing, though. The advesary can probably find out who you are using the public server.
* Then the advesary shoots you in the head using a 12-7 sniper rifle and shuts down your server. This means that you need a good friend with access to backups to do the public service with hidden service failsafe thing. Your friend can then setup a hidden service when the advesary takes you out.
* This brings up many other interesting problems, like how to protect your friend's identity to be revealed to the advesary before they take you out.
I don't know if you know more tricks than me, but in the case where you offer the same content on a public and hidden server you probably should assume that the'll be on to you. One solution is to have someone else handle the hidden service - preferrably someone who can't be tied to you. There are probably others.

@_date: 2007-11-24 19:32:47
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Tor blocking german nodes 
Tor is only for okey that what goes out of the exit is viewed by BigBrother & encrypted traffic.
Exit nodes in China isn't different from GCHQ logging all communications within the British Empire.
The to me interesting question is: Do China SHARE the data they collect with other countires? If the answer is NO then my humble opinion is that it is better to have circuts go through China than not. If they do share with the US then you're just equally screwed if the circut goes through there or not.
China exit nodes may be a cause of the ever-more-frequent "Connection: close" crap I get when trying to view pages, though. That happens so frequently now that that alone makes using Tor sour.

@_date: 2007-11-28 03:44:37
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Non-technical Tor-related debates on OR-talk (was: court trial against me) 
I truly believe that the political and legal sides of Tor are actually more important than the pure technical issues. We need debates about people being chastised for using Tor[1] and server admins being arrested[2] and on and on.
I think non-technical talk is important and should be allowed on OR-Talk. That being said: Those debates do require us who take part in them to think carefully about what really is Tor-related legal & political talk and what isn't, the line between what's somehow politically related and what's not is thin and blurry and quite easy to cross.
[1] [2]

@_date: 2007-09-18 21:12:59
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Arrested/surveillance/etc Tor-operators (was: [Fwd: Re: I break the silence: My arrest]) 
I was put under surveillance and tortured by the Nowegian "Security" Police. Note that this is why I now run Tor-servers, not the other way around (I just assumed it would be a good thing to include in the survey).

@_date: 2008-04-28 20:51:15
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: [Fwd: ESA Foreign Notice (fwd)] 
You should call your ISP and get in touch with the person responsible for forwarding the 'Entertainment Software Association' (ESA) spam e-mail to you.
Explain to this person what Tor is and how Tor works and then explain that you got the ESA spam because someone who was using Tor through your box did something bad. Tell them about the Tor website. And ask them to clarify their position on Tor servers on their network and explain that there is a public web page where ISPs position is listed and that their response will be publicly available on a mailing list.
If laws in Austria is anything like EU-country Sweden then you have absolutely nothing to fear from the laws of the land. You do, however, now have a issue with your ISP.
Something you should consider: I got numerous DMCA spam complains like the one you got from ESA when I allowed exiting on four US Tor-servers at a big ISP there. They finally told me that all these complaints caused too much work and that they would charge me by the hour for work related to all the complains caused by Tor-users. The US law - and very much likely laws in Austria also - do not give you any reason to worry about ESA spam. Your ISP, however, may choose to cut you off or charge you extra or something like that because they get such spam. You should make an effort to get a dialog with your ISP regarding the ESA spam. They can choose to say that they do not want you as a customer for any reason, including ESA spam, or ask you to pay extra for spam-related work, etc.
Be polite.
And don't worry, the worst that can happen is that you have to find another

@_date: 2008-08-16 19:44:00
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Update to default exit policy 
Are you absolutely positivily sure that you can not misconfigure e-mail MTAs who use smtps (465) and submission (587) to be open relays?
My understanding is from my quick search on this topic is that IF you setup an open relay then that relay can be used regardless of the connection coming through a SSL encrypted connection or a plain-text connection on port 25.
Plain-text (25) or encrypted (465) has nothing to do with authentication, just like you can visit many websites using http (80) and https (443) without actually logging in.
I am not sure having them open by default would be a good thing.

@_date: 2008-08-29 05:44:43
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Block hidden services 
I strongly disagree with your vote for such a feature. There may be anonymity issues involved. Your refusal to have involvement with hidden service introduction may ease the adversarys attempts to locale my hidden service and identify me as the operator.

@_date: 2008-12-14 22:08:46
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: SSH and Telnet ports, tip: change the sshd port 
Off topic, I had a whole lot of login attempts at my servers. I changed the SSH port to a non-standard port and I have not seen a single login attempt since then. Attackers targeting me could easily portscan, but those who simply scan numerous IPs for someting at 22 fail.

@_date: 2008-01-07 14:45:45
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: SORBS vs Tor and the world (was: List Suggestion) 
SORBS was mentioned in Tor-talk July 2005 at WTH as downloadable from SORBS story is that every Tor-related node, and the Internet in general, is very bad and must be blacklisted just to make sure that the 0.5% of the users who are not bad can not send any mail. Their story seems to be that if it's not a major ISPs mailservers IP then the IP should be blocked, just to make Postfix does a great job with:
                reject_rbl_client zen.spamhaus.org,
                reject_rbl_client list.dsbl.org,
                reject_rbl_client bl.spamcop.net,
                reject_rbl_client cbl.abuseat.org,
and no involvement with SORBS idiots is required.
The SORBS problem has been debated again and again, you can do a quick search and find that many people who have no idea why they are blacklisted have a extremely hard time getting unlisted and well.. I'm sorry to say it, but the only solution is: Don't use it, and take the time to write a short e-mail where you explain that they block way to much to your mailserver admin if you do not run your own mailserver.
The four above mentioned lists do not have any of the SORBS-related issues. They stand out as worse-than-commie-nazi among the RBL's and there is nothing anyone on this list, or anyone else, can do about it except - as said - recommend that people don't use them.
Perhaps they will figure out that they are doing something wrong when they are down to two users, perhaps not.

@_date: 2008-09-11 19:37:22
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Hidden Services (was: quick question) 
Any Tor setup can run hidden services, including servers, bridges and clients.
See  for information about setting these up. Make sure the service(s)/applications do not leak (or best, do not know) any information which can be used to locate and strike down upon the machine running the service and/or you. You can run a Tor bridge/client/server on box A and point the hidden service to 10.0.0.20 (box B) which can be without any connection/route to the Internet (which means it does not know the internet IP and therefore can not expose it).
Good luck.

@_date: 2010-02-17 19:00:40
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: 10kb enough for bridges, eh? don't seem to work 
It's been said that 10kb is plenty for a bridge in numerous Tor videos. However, if I were to try to run a bridge, which is not indicated, and I would in theory try this configuration: then I would get an error saying that 20 KB is the minimum. Shouldn't it be possible to limit a bridge to less? if 10 KB is plenty, which is the tor videos story, then 16 KB should be enough? couldn't the minimum be like 12KB?
My involvement with bridge is not indicated. I am just asking about theory.

@_date: 2010-02-27 19:54:43
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Tor v0.2.1.23 dose not work in my windowsXP box and Tor v0.2.1.24 can not work in my Debain 
It would really be nice if you could plese mind NOT LETTING THE WHOLE WORLD KNOW ABOUT BRIDGE ADDRESSES ON A PUBLIC MAILING LIST again. Thanks.

@_date: 2010-01-15 21:48:42
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: BridgeRelay 1, tor does nothing 
Tor story when configured to do nothing but "BridgeRelay 1" is:
"[warn] SocksPort, TransPort, NatdPort, DNSPort, and ORPort are all undefined, and there aren't any hidden services configured.  Tor will still run, but probably won't do anything."
warning!! warning!! you're only acting as a bridge!! perhaps the line could be slightly adjusted. A "SocksPort 0" and "BridgeRelay 1" is likely rare and not very interesting, but it does do something(?)

@_date: 2010-05-20 20:13:25
@_author: xiando 
@_subject: Answer by perfect-privacy.com Re: perfect-privacy.com, Family specifications, etc. 
Could there perhaps be some way of making a private key of some sort for a i.e instead of listing all the members of a family on all nodes and having to update them all the time, one could..
make a private family key and copy it and put it in the config of all nodes in the family?

@_date: 2011-01-08 04:18:35
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?=D8yvind_S=E6ther?= 
@_subject: Index of hidden services? 
There could be rumors on the internet(s) that there may be a
mediawiki-based wiki with links to .onion sites at
There could also be rumors that there is a list of links at
There could even, possibly, be some search-engine at
Expose? Wider audience? Nothing indicates I ever visited a hidden
service, but I doubt those who do and those who operate such sites, if
they even exist, require the "wider audience".
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
