
@_date: 2014-04-11 10:58:56
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Correct way to upgrade Tor in Linux 
The following is not recommended, too easy to make mistakes and cause
security problems, but it is possible to copy the "Data" directory
over the top of new browser install, or copy unzipped browser files
over old install, but then you have to update some about:cache
option(s?) so that tor button knows you're in a new browser. I tried
it once and it's much too complicated for sanity's sake.
Apparently TorBrowser 3.6 series (when stable) will provide
upgrade-in-place option.
Whonix or Tails in an encrypted container might be a better approach
for preservation of stuff...

@_date: 2014-08-19 12:23:57
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Scaling Tor 
What is the churn-rate of nodes entering and exiting the network?
(This would need to be a rate as compared to total count.)
I'm wondering whether a git-like protocol might make sense,
where, in the context of one or more trusted centralised Directories,
these Directories could simply perform "signature verification" for
something like a "signed git tag", providing a "signed verification"
of the directory at specific points in time (say, each hour).
And then the bulk of directory data could 'simply' be P2P spread.
Sorry if this doesn't make sense - I have not read the papers you
linked yet.

@_date: 2014-08-31 09:55:32
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] BBC: NSA and GCHQ agents 'leak Tor bugs', 
Truly it *is* worse than that! The tor devs apparently use computers,
so I *strongly* (notice those strong asterisks - I use them because
they are so strong) recommend people stop using computers.
It's waay fishy.
No way?
This one time, at GCHQ, I was like, so lost about how to fund tor.
And this one time, at GCHQ, I rang my friends at NSA.
And this one time, at GCHQ, I found a way!
Then I stuck an onion up my mouse. Then the Siberian SVR branch office
mouse hunters came after me.

@_date: 2014-12-14 17:15:03
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and solidarity against online harassment 
Juan's voice is an important voice, as he is hard-core "BE CAREFUL",
and this is a very good thing for anyone who might genuinely -need-
privacy in their communications, against USA Corp.
In particular, a healthy (very healthy :)  paranoia enema is important
for some people. And if a newcomer comes to this list genuinely
needing privacy, and everyone speaks "TOR is, OMG, like soooo awesome,
it's just the greatest privacy for everyone", then that newcomer is
likely to guarantee themselves a serious problem.
So caution, paranoia, attention to detail, proper assessment of the
risks and technical foundations/ requirements/ possibilities of what
TOR can, and more importantly cannot provide, is (in such
circumstances) of utmost importance.
On the other hand, for those on this list for some time, the old
refrain becomes, well, an old refrain.
If I personally were in a position to need some level of privacy in my
online communications, I would be -very- grateful for Juan's voice of
caution, no matter that I might disagree with some (or even many/most)
of his points in particular.
His message of caution is so much more the important thing here, in my
so very high opinion :)
Stay safe if you need it,

@_date: 2014-12-16 12:07:19
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and solidarity against online harassment 
"Educating new users" must not be allowed to be seen the same as
"hurting tor", I'm sure Juan would agree here.
"Hurting tor" might not be the best term, but perhaps we can say
'scare-mongering' may cause potential users to run away, thereby
reducing our community, and that this is undesirable; I'd hope Juan
would agree with this.
But I have to agree that whenever we see "omg tor is so ponies and
freedom", that Juan's voice of "whoah, slow the fuck down guys, Tor
and TBB cannot save you from nation-state monitoring, and make sure
you're aware of potential problems a b and c" is much better than no
genuine voice of caution.
And I have to say - every newcomer that appears here, must be the
beneficiary of our best efforts in communication, for we simply cannot
know if -this-particular- newbie is in need of the most careful advice
to be cautious or not.
So -because- Tor is the currently most viable "privacy of some level/
some sort" newtwork today, we particularly owe it to be diligent and
-never- fail to impress upon newcomers what they may need to keep in
their minds.
Mirimir, your words in this email might make a good start for a "Quick
educational caution" which newcomers ought be pointed to, say on the
tp.o wiki.
To help those who need it stay as safe as might be needed and/ or
possible, certainly requires helping them, as early as possible,
framing a mindset and certain understandings. Perhaps we can do better
on this front.
Over to others,

@_date: 2014-12-16 18:32:01
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and solidarity against online harassment 
I agree, what you say ought be in that "New user alerts and warnings/
introduction" page, in a suitably concise form of course...

@_date: 2014-07-02 10:30:44
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bruce Schneier's Guardian Article about N_S_A and 
More and more reasons to run TBB or Tor in a sandbox (Whonix or Tails).

@_date: 2014-07-02 11:05:18
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Illegal Activity As A Metric of Tor Security and 
Mark, you must stop beating your wife!  The problem still remains,
she is vulnerable to your relatively excessive physical strength
and it's not acceptable any more.
I don't see anyone denying it. Do you?
Its been 6 days already.

@_date: 2014-07-04 01:34:02
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Exit Operator convicted in Austrian lower court 
(Thread start:
Agreed, great news.
In hindsight, it is clear that we as a community have an interest to
build a resource of amicus curiae briefs - friend of the court briefs.
So PLEASE make moves in the direction of contributing and collecting
documents which may be relevant to future cases - at the least a
simple collection of legal docs.
We have an interest in protecting our free-speech networks (Tor, I2P
etc), legally as well as technologically and politically. The
Torproject.org website does a good job IMHO of presenting the social
case for free-speech networks.
No matter the circumstances of a particular case (a particular free
speech node operator), we the global free-speech promoting and
free-speech facilitating community, have an interest to advise the
courts regarding matters of technology and free speech, in order to
maximise the sanity of the outcomes brought about by our courts (and
yes, another operators courts are as good as mine, in terms of global
impact). For example a tor-network node operator charged for actual
illegal activity, should not cause legal suppression of free-speech
networks in general.
To kick things off, here's the gist of what I have in mind (this is in
no way directly responsive to the case that started this thread, which
I know nothing about):
In this matter an individual has been charged with a [criminal] offence.
The case of a matter of an individual committing a proven criminal
defamation or incitement must not be used by the court to suppress
free speech generally by way of the court's power of judicial
Similarly in this case the [Defendant] was the operator of a 'digital
communications facility' which facility was a node in a free-speech
network, in particular the [Tor|I2P} free speech network;
where the operator is found by this court to have committed unlawful
acts, then this court must only  target those unlawful acts when it
makes its determinations, by way of this court's power of judicial
sanction exercised according to law;
and this court must not reach beyond those unlawful acts in its
determinations/ rulings/ sanctions;
if the court exercises its power in reaching beyond those unlawful
acts then such exercise of judicial power is likely to undermine
confidence in the court by all other operators of the free-speech
network and by users of the free speech network.
A ruling by this court will be seen by many humans around the world,
both operators of free speech nodes in the free speech networks, as
well as by users and by potential users of free speech networks around
the world.
In this case, the rulings of this court are visible globally, and
shall be watched by many;
there is therefore a great burden upon this court in this case, and
this court therefore has a special duty of care when it makes its
rulings/ determinations, to be conservative and cautious, in
particular regarding any general deterrents this court might
ordinarily be minded to create by its rulings which deterrents might
unintentionally dampen confidence in this court and/ or confidence in
the courts generally to protect our human rights including freedom of
This court must be especially careful in its rulings in this matter,
since the court is in a position to bring about chilling effects upon
the liberties of not only those humans within its immediate
jurisdictions, but also upon the broader global community.
(A glosary, localisation, much enhancement and other legal polishing
would be required of course, along with subroutined/ separate
submissions regarding each relevant law, and regarding each relevant
precedent in the jurisdiction in question and/ or in jurisdictions
relevant (some cases/precedents are so poignant, so timeless, that
they apply all over the world, e.g. the Credit River Decision, as well
as the trial of William Penn).)
Such advice or briefs to the court are ideally tailored to each
particular country/jurisdiction.
However, even a brief prepared for some country other than the country
at issue, is likely to be useful to those attempting to create a brief
for a particular case in another country, and may even be directly
useful as a filing in its own right, at least if the language is the
same :)
Regarding the filing of briefs, we need standing to file; that is, we
need an interest in the matter which interest is seen by the court.
In some countries particular organisations may be ideal for the filing
of such briefs, such as the FSF and EFF (USA) and EFA (Australia).
In other countries, if there is no directly applicable organisation,
then a "designated representative of the Torproject" who is resident
in that country, may have standing to make such a filing.
Alternatively, a local human-rights-friendly politician may be
amenable to making the filing on behalf of their constituent(s)
(that's us).
Finally, in general any individual should have standing to make such a
filing, since we have an interest in our own human rights - free
speech is a fundamental human right - so we should also aim for the
preparation and collection of briefs file-able by ourselves.
Take notice, we HAVE A DUTY OF CARE to each other, and to the broader
community, to contact Torproject and/ or others in this community, if
ever we find ourselves in a court case involving the operation of any
free speech network node (I2P, Tor, exit or relay), in order that
those in the community who have an interest, ie the rest of us (at
least those of us in the same country), are given the opportunity to
make our interest known to the respective court(s) in that
jurisdiction, by way of filing appropriate and standardized briefs.

@_date: 2014-07-04 14:51:00
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [MLUG] Linux users targeted for surveillance 
NSA - the largest group of extremists in one organisation
that the world has ever seen.

@_date: 2014-07-05 11:21:34
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Exit Operator convicted in Austrian lower court 
On 7/5/14, no.thing_to-hide at cryptopathie.eu
"Contribution to delinquency" it seems he was charged with.
Evidently one must demonstrate one _does_ indeed
give a fuck (care for), at least for the law.

@_date: 2014-07-05 15:30:00
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Exit Operator convicted in Austrian lower court 
I'm not sure the TorExitGuidelines provide an adequate
Behaviour FAQ, in the hindsight of recent events.
Here's a draft of some extra FAQs, please jump on in everyone and
- Node operators (relays, entries and exits) are advised to be
especially careful with their exercise of their right to free speech
in all public forums. A healthy paranoia is recommended in such public
- Consider that everything you say in public (and everything on the
internet is public) will most likely be held against you in a court of
law, should you (in the extreme case) find yourself as a Defendant in
a court case where your activities are related to Tor.
Perhaps some one would write up Williams case (with links) for
submission to torproject. Of course having the court's actual ruling
is a pre-requisite.
A collection of pointers to cases/ events (those that have any public
records) would be a good start, regardless of primary language
(translation is merely one step in the collection, sorting and
presentation phases).
Agreed. Thus the almighty disclaimer - as long as you don't step on
the potential profits of (those particular few unethical) lawyers,
then we ought be able to say what we like, and help each other.
The flip side of "lay person giving legal advice" or variations
thereof, is that a "(potential) consumer of legal services", if they
are not properly informed and disclaimed etc, may pursue a path of
action which causes them harm of some sort, when it was/may have been
in their interests to "seek legal advice".
So again, we have a duty of care to each other, and to those who read
the material we publish. Things can go off the rails if/when we are
not careful in considering unforeseen consequences into the future.
Unfortunately "caveat human" is no longer - humans are expected to be
baby sat and treated with provision of a cotton wool society, and
anyone who goes against that is treated ("quasi") criminally (I have
personal experience of this in Australia).
Don't get me wrong: disclaimers and appropriate cautions are good things.
But so the firetruck is self responsibility and common sense; as these
are removed, we have survival of the stupidest.
Sorry, I'm ranting now...
Thank you. That is a very useful thing to say.
The torproject.org site, in the light of this, _ought_ provide some FAQs:
- How to publicize your court case if you need or want assistance.
Guys, let's jump in and formulate appropriate FAQs - paraphrasing
Moritz's words above in a FAQ- and family- friendly and functional
Again, what's a suitable FAQ entry.
We want to mitigate future versions of such events,
in the hindsight of these experiences.
- If you do not want the assistance of torproject.org,
please assist the community by contacting torproject.org
and letting them know that you have your case in hand,
either with lawyers or by yourself, so that the community
knows in advance that you have chosen a pathway for handling
your case.
- If you are able to, please pre-empt negative public discussion
about the free speech networks if and when you blog or otherwise
communicate about your case, whether or not you are receiving
any assistance from torproject.
Of course. Thanks. I agree that there has been what reads as a bit
of negativity about torproject. We ought assume good faith (with
suitable cautiousness and paranoia etc etc).
Is it ok to prompt and suggest and debate potential FAQ/site
enhancements here on tor-talk?

@_date: 2014-07-05 16:58:03
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Exit Operator convicted in Austrian lower court 
Sure. Just as well I did not start editing my ideas straight into the
wiki then eh?
Sure, that's a good sentence to add. Some things, when written/read
appear as self evident common sense (to some of us), yet it is evident
that some such things are not self evident and are not "just common
sense" to some people. At least not until they read them :)
Agreed. The state of (lack of) self-responsibility within our laws is
a blight upon the human race. Nearly every mug who could "get out of"
a (most often unjust) parking fine or speeding fine or jaywalking or
public incitement or _ _ _ charge, by blaming someone else (the
government, the police, the courts etc), has done so, and so has
contributed to the degeneration of our laws with respect to self
responsibility, of conscience, of inner authority etc... Of course
those unjust laws themselves are also direct contributors to the
ongoing degeneration. We more and more become subservient to the
external authority of an 'almighty' "statute law".
Sad indeed.
Some one else who's still reading - please step up to start a new
thread, picking out the possbily useful FAQ additions in this thread
(adding your own personal magic as you are able).
Regards all,

@_date: 2014-07-05 19:17:54
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] What protocol to use for uploading a site to a 
On 7/5/14, Red Sonja
It is _so_ easy to give advice that could get you in trouble. You
really need to provide more parameters, eg:
- what is the sensitivity of the site?
- is it a leak - worthy of going to wikileaks.org?
- is the content illegal in any jurisdiction(s)?
- you say "a provider" - have you decided on a provider?
- if so, which one?
- do you have a need to use Tor at all? If so, in what way?
So many assumptions rarely lead to no problems.
Good luck,

@_date: 2014-07-05 19:21:30
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Which tor friendly provider is more helpful? 
Godaddy and most other domain providers will provide some hosting space.
Also, your home ISP account will often come with 20M space - by the
sound of it massive compared to your needs.
Perhaps buy an OpenWRT compatible router or adsl modem, and run Tor on
that to host your site from home. That's what I would do if I were not
expecting any significant traffic.
(I'm assuming your site content is legal in your jurisdiction, and I'm
kind of pointing out how many assumptions you have left us to make.)
Good luck,

@_date: 2014-07-06 15:06:19
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] washingtonpost.com: In NSA-intercepted data, 
In NSA-intercepted data, those not targeted far outnumber the foreigners who are
Files provided by Snowden show extent to which ordinary Web users are
caught in the net
Target package prepared by the National Security Agency prior to the
capture of Abu Hamza in January 2011
By Barton Gellman, Julie Tate and Ashkan Soltani July 5 at 8:46 PM
Follow  Follow Ordinary Internet users, American and non-American alike, far
outnumber legally targeted foreigners in the communications
intercepted by the National Security Agency from U.S. digital
networks, according to a four-month investigation by The Washington
Nine of 10 account holders found in a large cache of intercepted
conversations, which former NSA contractor Edward Snowden provided in
full to The Post, were not the intended surveillance targets but were
caught in a net the agency had cast for somebody else.
Many of them were Americans. Nearly half of the surveillance files, a
strikingly high proportion, contained names, e-mail addresses or other
details that the NSA marked as belonging to U.S. citizens or
residents. NSA analysts masked, or ?minimized,? more than 65,000 such
references to protect Americans? privacy, but The Post found nearly
900 additional e-mail addresses, unmasked in the files, that could be
strongly linked to U.S. citizens or U.S.residents.
The surveillance files highlight a policy dilemma that has been aired
only abstractly in public. There are discoveries of considerable
intelligence value in the intercepted messages ? and collateral harm
to privacy on a scale that the Obama administration has not been
willing to address.
Among the most valuable contents ? which The Post will not describe in
detail, to avoid interfering with ongoing operations ? are fresh
revelations about a secret overseas nuclear project, double-dealing by
an ostensible ally, a military calamity that befell an unfriendly
power, and the identities of aggressive intruders into U.S. computer
A breakdown of the cache of NSA-intercepted communications provided to
the Washington Post by Edward Snowden
Months of tracking communications across more than 50 alias accounts,
the files show, led directly to the 2011 capture in Abbottabad of
Muhammad Tahir Shahzad, a Pakistan-based bomb builder, and Umar Patek,
a suspect in a 2002 terrorist bombing on the Indonesian island of
Bali. At the request of CIA officials, The Post is withholding other
examples that officials said would compromise ongoing operations.
Many other files, described as useless by the analysts but nonetheless
retained, have a startlingly intimate, even voyeuristic quality. They
tell stories of love and heartbreak, illicit sexual liaisons,
mental-health crises, political and religious conversions, financial
anxieties and disappointed hopes. The daily lives of more than 10,000
account holders who were not targeted are catalogued and recorded
In order to allow time for analysis and outside reporting, neither
Snowden nor The Post has disclosed until now that he obtained and
shared the content of intercepted communications. The cache Snowden
provided came from domestic NSA operations under the broad authority
granted by Congress in 2008 with amendments to the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act. FISA content is generally stored in
closely controlled data repositories, and for more than a year, senior
government officials have depicted it as beyond Snowden?s reach.
The Post reviewed roughly 160,000 intercepted e-mail and
instant-message conversations, some of them hundreds of pages long,
and 7,900 documents taken from more than 11,000 online accounts.
The material spans President Obama?s first term, from 2009 to 2012, a
period of exponential growth for the NSA?s domestic collection.
Taken together, the files offer an unprecedented vantage point on the
changes wrought by Section 702 of the FISA amendments, which enabled
the NSA to make freer use of methods that for 30 years had required
probable cause and a warrant from a judge. One program, code-named
PRISM, extracts content stored in user accounts at Yahoo, Microsoft,
Facebook, Google and five other leading Internet companies. Another,
known inside the NSA as Upstream, intercepts data on the move as it
crosses the U.S. junctions of global voice and data networks.
No government oversight body, including the Justice Department, the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, intelligence committees in
Congress or the president?s Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight
Board, has delved into a comparably large sample of what the NSA
actually collects ? not only from its targets but also from people who
may cross a target?s path.
A composite image of two of the more than 5,000 private photos among
data collected by the National Security Agency from online accounts
and network links in the United States. The images were included in a
large cache of NSA intercepts provided by former agency contractor
Edward Snowden. (Images obtained by The Washington Post)
Among the latter are medical records sent from one family member to
another, r?sum?s from job hunters and academic transcripts of
schoolchildren. In one photo, a young girl in religious dress beams at
a camera outside a mosque.
Scores of pictures show infants and toddlers in bathtubs, on swings,
sprawled on their backs and kissed by their mothers. In some photos,
men show off their physiques. In others, women model lingerie, leaning
suggestively into a webcam or striking risque poses in shorts and
bikini tops.
?None of the hits that were received were relevant,? two Navy
cryptologic technicians write in one of many summaries of
nonproductive surveillance. ?No additional information,? writes a
civilian analyst. Another makes fun of a suspected kidnapper, newly
arrived in Syria before the current civil war, who begs for employment
as a janitor and makes wide-eyed observations about the state of
undress displayed by women on local beaches.
By law, the NSA may ?target? only foreign nationals located overseas
unless it obtains a warrant based on probable cause from a special
surveillance court. For collection under PRISM and Upstream rules,
analysts must state a reasonable belief that the target has
information of value about a foreign government, a terrorist
organization or the spread of nonconventional weapons.
Most of the people caught up in those programs are not the targets and
would not lawfully qualify as such. ?Incidental collection? of
third-party communications is inevitable in many forms of
surveillance, but in other contexts the U.S. government works harder
to limit and discard irrelevant data. In criminal wiretaps, for
example, the FBI is supposed to stop listening to a call if a
suspect?s wife or child is using the phone.
There are many ways to be swept up incidentally in surveillance aimed
at a valid foreign target. Some of those in the Snowden archive were
monitored because they interacted directly with a target, but others
had more-tenuous links.
If a target entered an online chat room, the NSA collected the words
and identities of every person who posted there, regardless of
subject, as well as every person who simply ?lurked,? reading
passively what other people wrote.
?1 target, 38 others on there,? one analyst wrote. She collected data
on them all.
In other cases, the NSA designated as its target the Internet
protocol, or IP, address of a computer server used by hundreds of
The NSA treats all content intercepted incidentally from third parties
as permissible to retain, store, search and distribute to its
government customers. Raj De, the agency?s general counsel, has
testified that the NSA does not generally attempt to remove irrelevant
personal content, because it is difficult for one analyst to know what
might become relevant to another.
The Obama administration declines to discuss the scale of incidental
collection. The NSA, backed by Director of National Intelligence James
R. Clapper Jr., has asserted that it is unable to make any estimate,
even in classified form, of the number of Americans swept in. It is
not obvious why the NSA could not offer at least a partial count,
given that its analysts routinely pick out ?U.S. persons? and mask
their identities, in most cases, before distributing intelligence
If Snowden?s sample is representative, the population under scrutiny
in the PRISM and Upstream programs is far larger than the government
has suggested. In a June 26 ?transparency report,? the Office of the
Director of National Intelligence disclosed that 89,138 people were
targets of last year?s collection under FISA Section 702. At the
9-to-1 ratio of incidental collection in Snowden?s sample, the
office?s figure would correspond to nearly 900,000 accounts, targeted
or not, under surveillance.
?He didn?t get this data?
U.S. intelligence officials declined to confirm or deny in general
terms the authenticity of the intercepted content provided by Snowden,
but they made off-the-record requests to withhold specific details
that they said would alert the targets of ongoing surveillance. Some
officials, who declined to be quoted by name, described Snowden?s
handling of the sensitive files as reckless.
In an interview, Snowden said ?primary documents? offered the only
path to a concrete debate about the costs and benefits of Section 702
surveillance. He did not favor public release of the full archive, he
said, but he did not think a reporter could understand the programs
?without being able to review some of that surveillance, both the
justified and unjustified.?
?While people may disagree about where to draw the line on
publication, I know that you and The Post have enough sense of civic
duty to consult with the government to ensure that the reporting on
and handling of this material causes no harm,? he said.
In Snowden?s view, the PRISM and Upstream programs have ?crossed the
line of proportionality.?
?Even if one could conceivably justify the initial, inadvertent
interception of baby pictures and love letters of innocent
bystanders,? he added, ?their continued storage in government
databases is both troubling and dangerous. Who knows how that
information will be used in the future??
For close to a year, NSA and other government officials have appeared
to deny, in congressional testimony and public statements, that
Snowden had any access to the material.
As recently as May, shortly after he retired as NSA director, Gen.
Keith Alexander denied that Snowden could have passed FISA content to
?He didn?t get this data,? Alexander told a New Yorker reporter. ?They
didn?t touch ??
?The operational data?? the reporter asked.
?They didn?t touch the FISA data,? Alexander replied. He added, ?That
database, he didn?t have access to.?
Robert S. Litt, the general counsel for the Office of the Director of
National Intelligence, said in a prepared statement that Alexander and
other officials were speaking only about ?raw? intelligence, the term
for intercepted content that has not yet been evaluated, stamped with
classification markings or minimized to mask U.S. identities.
?We have talked about the very strict controls on raw traffic, the
training that people have to have, the technological lockdowns on
access,? Litt said. ?Nothing that you have given us indicates that
Snowden was able to circumvent that in any way.?
In the interview, Snowden said he did not need to circumvent those
controls, because his final position as a contractor for Booz Allen at
the NSA?s Hawaii operations center gave him ?unusually broad,
unescorted access to raw SIGINT [signals intelligence] under a special
?Dual Authorities? role,? a reference to Section 702 for domestic
collection and Executive Order 12333 for collection overseas. Those
credentials, he said, allowed him to search stored content ? and
?task? new collection ? without prior approval of his search terms.
?If I had wanted to pull a copy of a judge?s or a senator?s e-mail,
all I had to do was enter that selector into XKEYSCORE,? one of the
NSA?s main query systems, he said.
The NSA has released an e-mail exchange acknowledging that Snowden
took the required training classes for access to those systems.
?Minimized U.S. president?
At one level, the NSA shows scrupulous care in protecting the privacy
of U.S. nationals and, by policy, those of its four closest
intelligence allies ? Britain, Australia, Canada and New Zealand.
More than 1,000 distinct ?minimization? terms appear in the files,
attempting to mask the identities of ?possible,? ?potential? and
?probable? U.S. persons, along with the names of U.S. beverage
companies, universities, fast-food chains and Web-mail hosts.
Some of them border on the absurd, using titles that could apply to
only one man. A ?minimized U.S. president-elect? begins to appear in
the files in early 2009, and references to the current ?minimized U.S.
president? appear 1,227 times in the following four years.
Even so, unmasked identities remain in the NSA?s files, and the
agency?s policy is to hold on to ?incidentally? collected U.S.
content, even if it does not appear to contain foreign intelligence.
In one exchange captured in the files, a young American asks a
Pakistani friend in late 2009 what he thinks of the war in
Afghanistan. The Pakistani replies that it is a religious struggle
against 44 enemy states.
Startled, the American says ?they, ah, they arent heavily
participating .?.?. its like .?.?. in a football game, the other team
is the enemy, not the other teams waterboy and cheerleaders.?
?No,? the Pakistani shoots back. ?The ther teams water boy is also an
enemy. it is law of our religion.?
?haha, sorry thats kind of funny,? the American replies.
When NSA and allied analysts really want to target an account, their
concern for U.S. privacy diminishes. The rationales they use to judge
foreignness sometimes stretch legal rules or well-known technical
facts to the breaking point.
In their classified internal communications, colleagues and
supervisors often remind the analysts that PRISM and Upstream
collection have a ?lower threshold for foreignness ?standard of proof?
? than a traditional surveillance warrant from a FISA judge, requiring
only a ?reasonable belief? and not probable cause.
One analyst rests her claim that a target is foreign on the fact that
his e-mails are written in a foreign language, a quality shared by
tens of millions of Americans. Others are allowed to presume that
anyone on the chat ?buddy list? of a known foreign national is also
In many other cases, analysts seek and obtain approval to treat an
account as ?foreign? if someone connects to it from a computer address
that seems to be overseas. ?The best foreignness explanations have the
selector being accessed via a foreign IP address,? an NSA supervisor
instructs an allied analyst in Australia.
Apart from the fact that tens of millions of Americans live and travel
overseas, additional millions use simple tools called proxies to
redirect their data traffic around the world, for business or
pleasure. World Cup fans this month have been using a browser
extension called Hola to watch live-streamed games that are
unavailable from their own countries. The same trick is routinely used
by Americans who want to watch BBC video. The NSA also relies
routinely on locations embedded in Yahoo tracking cookies, which are
widely regarded by online advertisers as unreliable.
In an ordinary FISA surveillance application, the judge grants a
warrant and requires a fresh review of probable cause ? and the
content of collected surveillance ? every 90 days. When renewal fails,
NSA and allied analysts sometimes switch to the more lenient standards
of PRISM and Upstream.
?These selectors were previously under FISA warrant but the warrants
have expired,? one analyst writes, requesting that surveillance resume
under the looser standards of Section 702. The request was granted.
?I don?t like people knowing?
She was 29 and shattered by divorce, converting to Islam in search of
comfort and love. He was three years younger, rugged and restless. His
parents had fled Kabul and raised him in Australia, but he dreamed of
returning to Afghanistan.
One day when she was sick in bed, he brought her tea. Their faith
forbade what happened next, and later she recalled it with shame.
?what we did was evil and cursed and may allah swt MOST merciful
forgive us for giving in to our nafs [desires]?
Still, a romance grew. They fought. They spoke of marriage. They fought again.
All of this was in the files because, around the same time, he went
looking for the Taliban.
He found an e-mail address on its English-language Web site and wrote
repeatedly, professing loyalty to the one true faith, offering to
?come help my brothers? and join the fight against the unbelievers.
On May 30, 2012, without a word to her, he boarded a plane to begin a
journey to Kandahar. He left word that he would not see her again.
If that had been the end of it, there would not be more than 800 pages
of anguished correspondence between them in the archives of the NSA
and its counterpart, the Australian Signals Directorate.
He had made himself a target. She was the collateral damage, placed
under a microscope as she tried to adjust to the loss.
Three weeks after he landed in Kandahar, she found him on Facebook.
?Im putting all my pride aside just to say that i will miss you dearly
and your the only person that i really allowed myself to get close to
after losing my ex husband, my dad and my brother.. Im glad it was so
easy for you to move on and put what we had aside and for me well Im
just soo happy i met you. You will always remain in my heart. I know
you left for a purpose it hurts like hell sometimes not because Im
needy but because i wish i could have been with you.?
His replies were cool, then insulting, and gradually became demanding.
He would marry her but there were conditions. She must submit to his
will, move in with his parents and wait for him in Australia. She must
hand him control of her Facebook account ? he did not approve of the
photos posted there.
She refused. He insisted:
?look in islam husband doesnt touch girl financial earnigs unless she
agrees but as far as privacy goes there is no room?.i need to have all
ur details everything u do its what im supposed to know that will
guide u whether its right or wrong got it?
Later, she came to understand the irony of her reply:
?I don?t like people knowing my private life.?
Months of negotiations followed, with each of them declaring an end to
the romance a dozen times or more. He claimed he had found someone
else and planned to marry that day, then admitted it was a lie. She
?No more games. You come home. You won?t last with an afghan girl.?
She begged him to give up his dangerous path. Finally, in September,
she broke off contact for good, informing him that she was engaged to
another man.
?When you come back they will send you to jail,? she warned.
They almost did.
In interviews with The Post, conducted by telephone and Facebook, she
said he flew home to Australia last summer, after failing to find
members of the Taliban who would take him seriously. Australian
National Police met him at the airport and questioned him in custody.
They questioned her, too, politely, in her home. They showed her
transcripts of their failed romance. When a Post reporter called, she
already knew what the two governments had collected about her.
Eventually, she said, Australian authorities decided not to charge her
failed suitor with a crime. Police spokeswoman Emilie Lovatt declined
to comment on the case.
Looking back, the young woman said she understands why her intimate
correspondence was recorded and parsed by men and women she did not
?Do I feel violated?? she asked. ?Yes. I?m not against the fact that
my privacy was violated in this instance, because he was stupid. He
wasn?t thinking straight. I don?t agree with what he was doing.?
What she does not understand, she said, is why after all this time,
with the case long closed and her own job with the Australian
government secure, the NSA does not discard what it no longer needs.
Jennifer Jenkins and Carol D. Leonnig contributed to this report.

@_date: 2014-07-07 12:47:30
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] washingtonpost.com: In NSA-intercepted data, 
NH politician annual salary, $100.
In other words, it's a volunteer role.
That makes elected officials of a slightly different class
to 'career politicians' most everywhere else, IMHO.

@_date: 2014-07-08 11:13:18
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Exit Operator convicted in Austrian lower court 
I think this is a valid point in any jurisdiction, and also speaks to
the difficulty in having a lower court sanction itself - thus superior
Yes, pretty sad.
Although our High Court (equiv. to US Supreme Court) has ruled that we
have a "freedom of communication on political and related matters"
'implied within our constitution' (although it is not explicit).
So some communication (political matters) has been ruled as an implied
freedom. This is the freedom that a lot of our political protest (if
not all) falls under. See for example the case of Levy:
Levy is long sorry - the gist is a duck-hunting protester who
trespassed as part of his protest - it was upheld by our High Court
that he was exercising his implied right to freedom of communciation
on political matters.
See also:
The reasoning of our superior court that we have this implied freedom,
is that our constitution embodies/ proscribes a system of democratic
government, and that this necessarily implies a right of the people to
discuss political and related matters. Sounds pretty straightforward.
So we are also assuming that our superior court would be likely to
similarly rule on the existence of an "implied freedom of
communication on legal and related matters" - the courts are
established by our constitution, the process of legal service, we have
the right to present for ourselves in court, etc, etc, so this "legal
system proscribed by our constitution necessarily implies an implied
freedom to communicate on legal and related matters". This is a
question we are bringing to our High Court.
Interestingly, earlier this year, we brought (for the first time)
before the Magistrate's Court, our lowest court, the following
question: "Is there within our (federal) constitution an implied right
to freedom of communication on legal and related matters?"
We said this was a question which must be brought before our superior
court for determination, and incredibly, the Magistrate not only ruled
that she was "not persuaded that" there was any constitutional
question raised, but she also ruled on the constitutional question
itself, ruling "there is no freedom of communication on legal matters
within our constitution, either implied or explicit".
Some of us were gobsmacked.
Anyway, we have the right to lift the matter to our superior courts,
and lift it we shall.
Stay tuned :)

@_date: 2014-07-08 18:33:06
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Exit Operator convicted in Austrian lower court 
I think "mostly people believe" that taxes are compulsory.
The link between the Act(s) which "suggest"/"require" payment
of taxes, to the individual human, is rather dubious, in both USA
and Australia.

@_date: 2014-07-11 10:31:24
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can NAT traversal be Tor's killer feature? 
Sounds good.
Excessive popularity/ usage, without measures to 'encourage' or
otherwise to automatically facilitate expansion of the network may
well lead to network degradation.
Skype super-nodes or whatever they are (were?) called, are
automatically created on nodes where Skype detected sufficient
bandwidth and no blocking firewall, AIUI. UPnP comes to mind.

@_date: 2014-07-12 14:58:16
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Putting the "Tor" back in Torrent 
Sounds great to me. Thank you for laying out the thought this clearly.
One OA per:
- client/peer? or
- per torrent? or
- per shard/ sharing block?
It may behoove us to consider privacy implications, and may
be simple to maximise privacy/ frustrate correleation attacks.
The client is operating to some degree as a "sharding" cache
The copyright cartel consider that an illegal thing to do.
It is in our interests to maximise privacy.
Plausible deniability may be increased with:
* Another concept: opportunistic shard caching,
dependent on network demand;
Tor has some infrastructure/ protocol stuff in regards
to this (HSDir nodes).
This client is a Tor relay "serving" anon hidden services
(specifically torrent peers).
Given bandwidth constraints and sharing defaults etc,
this client could _opportunisticly_ cache excessively
popular shards, to provide:
- plausible deniability
- network capacity increases
Infrastructure requirements:
Increases in clients must result in corresponding
increase of "network infrastructure capacity", including:
- network throughput - each client defaults to a relay
- dht capacity - each client participates in torrent dht
- hidden service directory/ lookup capacity - each client
operating immediately as a HSDir, at least for these Torrents;
this might require a separate HSDir namespace for torrents
(please speak with Tor gurus on this one sorry not me),
hopefully not, but who knows - Tor network currently has some
centralised components which must be considered since we are
talking potentially orders of magnitude increase in clients.
- other network scaling pain points to consider ??
In the past I thought that if a particular torrent client
(I am only familiar with the Java-based Vuze/azureus)
provides the ability for plugins to replace all core features
(dht lookups, network access, storage etc),
then all those parts of the puzzle could be more easily
replaced one by one, the modular design (of Vuze say) making
the development of a proper Tor/torrent thing more easy.
All connections must always be to hidden services only.
AIUI, Tor also has some built in mechanisms at its network layer,
to encourage contributory network behaviour.
I disagree. Strongly.
*Abundance is an engineering problem.*
You heard it here :)
We see the proof of this in the success of Bittorrent software.
When the design is appropriate to the problem,
abundance is built in, and _does_ provide the needed results.
It is important however to consider current technical
"potential limitations" in the current Tor network design -
namely, at least some part is centralised.
The directory/ network concensus stuff needs to be decentralised
(ie more torrent like) for this; design possibility:
torrent-share the directory "blobs" and merely get signature/
certification keys from the centralised "Directory" servers to
verify the current directory concensus "blob" that you got
(and verify that it is "recent" enough etc etc).
If these changes can be shown to reduce network privacy,
then it might be that the goals of a bittorrent_tor client
conflict with the goals of the Tor network.
That is, there might be a fundamental conflict between
privacy and _instantaneous_ network joining.
I don't know sorry.
The goal is very laudable.
Yes which is why all such parts of the network need to be fully
decentralised - able to be provided by each tor_torrent client.
No. And yes. The point is, *with the right design*, capacity
will take care of itself.
That implies there may well be a little bit of work to do
on the Tor network layer.
Of course, this tor_torrent client might just be the driver
to speed that process.
Doesn't sound complicated to me, but I am not a Tor developer.
Go for it. I believe it will take our most popular free
speech network (tor) to the next level, and quite possibly
close to the ideal position for free speech networks in
general - ubiquity.

@_date: 2014-07-12 15:05:13
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Putting the "Tor" back in Torrent 
Just looked at that ycombinator thread:
Regarding "substantial non-infringing uses", being able to access
wikipedia in particular could be the public/politically correct
"thrust" of this new application:
A while back this year, someone passed me there 'smart' phone
from a few years ago, saying they had internet access, but only
to facebook.
As a guess (I'd only ever used an old dumb phone), I wondered
whether the 'facebook' "search" function (as I looked at it) would
bring up the wikipedia page we wanted to read.
Sure enough, the "facebook app" was just a branded web browser.
So the average joe finds it difficult to not be hoodwinked by
"Learning Time, the fasted way to learn on the worlds largest
And it could be the fastest way to load a wikipedia page.
But whether that's true or not doesn't matter -
this is a marketing exercise.

@_date: 2014-07-15 23:00:41
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fw: Please help me out 
(disable plugins) ? Tor Bug Tracker & Wiki
Tor Browser fails to prevent load of a plugin - Tor Bug Tracker & Wiki
Good luck.

@_date: 2014-07-16 20:39:43
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] GnuPG and Tor 
On 7/16/14, Red Sonja
Not the whole. It depends how you use it.
There are tools for secure key exchange, persistence of cryptographic
identity, connection of cryptographic identity to real identity,
identity verification, message privacy, message verification and more.
All tools can be used in wrong ways.
You must know how to use your tool.
Caveat crypto user.

@_date: 2014-07-26 17:12:51
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] EFF / applied law mailing list? 
There was Groklaw, but that is no more.
I have presumed in the past that certain "groundwork" work might be
useful for those involved in cases.
However, pre-emptive action is difficult due to the number of
jurisdictions. Groklaw built on the SCO case, which was a) widely
reported, b) struck at the heart of the free/libre software world, c)
involved big budged companies, d) continued for a very long time.
A very valuable literary-legal resource was created by that effort
(other cases were covered to some degrees).
I would discourage self-represented defence in cases surrounding
Tor/I2P etc, due to the potential significance of adverse consequences
to the broader *globabl* free-speech network communities!
Self-represented may be ok in conjunction with support from
pro-liberty lawyers. This might be quite jurisdiction-sensitive, I
don't know.
But first and foremost, we have a duty of care to each other in this
freedom-speech community, to not hide such cases from those who would
be able to support, due to the potential community chilling effects.
SO, such a list might be a very useful thing to set up, so that those
who might "valantly" charge ahead in a case self-representing, might
receive the support and the cautions from supportive lawyers regarding
all possible approaches, etc, etc.

@_date: 2014-07-27 11:43:47
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] EFF / applied law mailing list? 
An educational/ literary resource would resemble groklaw it seems.

@_date: 2014-07-28 11:33:37
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] EFF / applied law mailing list? 
Eben's emails get rejected from at least one of these lists. If there
is a whitelist facility, his email addy ought definitely be on it.

@_date: 2014-06-16 00:21:24
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Including Tor into millions of products. 
OK. Wide applicability is good.
That sounds like that's  what you/your client is selling, but you
ought be clear on what the guarantees of tor are (what it's threat
model is, and what it provides **1),
But more importantly, the question was what is the *use* *case* - as
in, how are these devices or software 'nodes' going to interact with
the Tor network?
To be precise, the question was broken down:
Will these 'nodes' use the Tor network (like TBB)?
Will these 'nodes' contribute to the Tor network?
If they contribute, do they contribute in configurable way, or fixed way?
In either case, it what ways - as relays, exits, what?
Are you aware of who else will most likely face those challenges?
Sounds like yes, you have some idea - this is good :)
So do you have plans to handle that implosion?
If it's too super secret, ok.
I am no Tor expert, but source-location anonymity is about as much as
you will get from Tor, as far as I understand it; that is, privacy is
dependent on end-user education, as well as the end user using tools
which do not leak personal information, almost a tall ask, but TBB
basically provides that, iff you disable javascript. It is good to
promote freedom of speech through forms of anonymity, but please don't
sell Tor as being something it is not.
I hope you succeed in expanding public awareness and effective (non
melt down) use of free speech networks in particular Tor.
Regards and good luck,

@_date: 2014-06-16 16:49:07
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Non-free country law preventing Tor from getting 
What makes it blindingly obvious to me that Tor is not "0wned" by NSA
or "USA CORP" is Wikileaks.
The helicopter gunship video (Manning), and many other Wikileaks leaks
which have often resulted in Streisand effect (bankers shutting down
local wikileaks and news outlets which referenced/talked about banking
corruption) in a good way, are clear signals.
Julian Assange under house arrest for how long now?
Edward Snowden teaching The Guardian how to run a document drop-box on
Tor, and he's now exiled under threat of a grand jury?
The signals before us are clear, self evident and unambiguous.
It's humorous to me: the government funding the Tor network which it
uses for its spies to communicate safely, while at the same time is
apparently busy trying to crack/ break the network to uncover other
spies (or crims, whatever...).
I think the question is in no way an open one - it's a shut case - Tor
is not 0wned by NSA or USA government etc.

@_date: 2014-06-17 13:02:55
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Non-free country law preventing Tor from getting 
Thank you. Rational truth, without emotional flames.
Really appreciated,

@_date: 2014-06-17 13:12:03
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Non-free country law preventing Tor from getting 
May be so, but I remember reading an NSA slide from Snowden's leaks
showing their intent to break TOR, and some problems they faced in
doing so.
So Tor provides (of necessity I guess, to work to break the great
firewall etc) some level of genuine facility - it is a useful tool for
"dissidents" as much as for grouping dissidents into "use of one
There ARE individuals around the planet who say "I don't have to be
doing anything wrong to want my privacy".
Use of tools to enhance privacy/ anonymity, does not imply that you
are doing anything wrong, and may imply that you are a strong
supporter of human rights.
Ie, we could say "PGP is a way for the US military to monitor its own
?dissidents?" yet that flies in the face of the "arms export" block
that was fought so hard against by Phil Zimmerman.
Not all is as simple as it first may appear.

@_date: 2014-06-28 18:44:23
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Illegal Activity As A Metric of Tor Security and 
Read the freehaven papers.
Then write a paper.
Ask specific questions if you need.

@_date: 2014-06-28 19:26:11
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Illegal Activity As A Metric of Tor Security and 
"Looks" awesome! Just finished reading it. I am not a cryptographer.

@_date: 2014-06-29 11:02:25
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Illegal Activity As A Metric of Tor Security and 
I don't know that you do. In fact you continue to generalise
"everyone's", which has to be false. I haven't seen much in the way of
tempers in this thread, just patient pointing out flaws in assertions
you have made.
I agree with your sentiment. Wholeheartedly.
You did it again! Generalisation/ assertion. Call it hand-waving, call
it whatever.
So simple! Why didn't _I_ think of it?!
You assume simplicity. You assume possible solution exists! (It may,
but you sure haven't done a damn thing to improve the situation - no,
baseless moaning does not help!)
You _are_ hand-waving your assertions at the guys who have been trying
to solve these problems, and solving some of them, over many years
You have not demonstrated that you have read even _one_ of the freehaven papers.
You point your finger at "a simple solution" as though no one has
thought of "that particular solution" before, and what? you expect
everyone to collectively slap their foreheads and say "oh brother
Mark, thank you for your omniscient wisdom and guidance"!
You are coming across as:
- naive
- unwilling to acknowledge responses to your statements
- unwilling to read/ learn what you need to to contribute meaningfully
to the discussion
- someone who makes endless unfounded and fact-less assertions
- targetting people, some of whom have significant _actual_ experience
implementing and researching this stuff over many years
Overall, this is very disrespectful! The responses to you have been
humorous, and sincere. You couldn't ask for more dignified responses.
The conclusions about you are getting pretty hard to fault at this stage.
I suggest you save some dignity and demonstrate a genuine attempt to
contribute meaningfully in any way.

@_date: 2014-06-30 21:02:24
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Illegal Activity As A Metric of Tor Security and 
OK, I'll bite :)
Juan, it's all very well for you to jump in now,
but you are neglecting the OP - as in, the Original
Post(er) - for reference, here it is in all its factual
support and unambiguous and simple assertions
(my comments are from me, I am not a mathematician,
statistician nor Tor programmer):
Statement 1: speaks to an anecdotal, one man,
personal "study"; no facts; no references.
Assertion 2: anecdotal, "tend to be"; no facts;
no references.
Assertion 3: assumption or anecdote, "has been noted",
"across the board"; no facts; no references.
Conclusion 4: conclusion based on personal anecdote;
no facts; no references.
Assertion 5: anecdote, no sites, no research presented;
no facts; no references.
Statement 6: I call this emotionally-laced hand-waving;
no facts; no references.
Conclusion 7: generic conclusion asserting possible ill intention
on part of Tor devs - I call this "fishing by (implied) accusation",
aka "hoping or assuming that [I] might flush out something
devious by making (possibly personal) accusations";
no facts; no references.
And now McCarron calls for meaningful help/ insights/ responses?
Juan, _and_ McCarron, you MUST be kidding me!
So don't get me wrong Juan, I'd love to know whether or not all these
assertions, assumptions and anecdotes by McCarron are either true or
false, or at least founded in some facts arising from something,
anything that I could personally verify or test.
This is NOT the case here by McCarron! McCarron has provided NOTHING
in this regard.
McCarron continued in like fashion throughout this thread.
Someone such as myself is unable to verify, prove or disprove or
otherwise respond intelligently to ANYTHING McCarron has stated.
Someone such as myself is unable to gain ANY meaningful or testable
data, information, conclusion or otherwise from what McCarron has
Due to this all the above, someone such as myself is therefore unable
to meaningfully contribute to McCarron's "DISCUSSION" because either:
A) there is a bunch of assumed (by McCarron) knowledge which I don't
have, and which McCarron has not provided even references for, or
B) McCarron is doing nothing other than fishing by assertion, aka
"hand-waving with a mission"!
Juan, given the challenges and responses brought to McCarron in this
thread, McCarron has persistently failed to provide ANYTHING
whatsoever that is researchable or verifiable or testable, to someone
such as myself, to be able to in any way relate to or verify what he
is saying in any sort of scientific manner.
Juan, the most McCarron put to us was some self-glorification "I am a
contractor on multi-million dollar government security projects,
listen to me I have wonderful anecdotes to share and I KNOW what I'm
saying is true!" Or could be. Or ...
Juan, in the face of all the above, it is, in my personal estimation,
a pretty fair call, at this point, to name McCarron's behaviour as
troll-like. He may be genuine; he may be sincere; he may have
legitimate points; he may have valid personal "intuition".
BUT, he has provided NOTHING in THIS thread, to someone such as
myself, to be able to evaluate ANYTHING of what HE has said.
That, in my world, is a troll. I have been guilty of that myself in
the past, and I thank those who have shown me patience in such

@_date: 2014-06-30 23:11:40
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Illegal Activity As A Metric of Tor Security and 
Mark, you may be right;
but you have provided NO THING to enable me to
verify ANY THING that you have said in THIS thread!
So Mark, make a move already!!
Your finger pointing IS offensive!!
It's been said a few times now Mr McCarron - show us your code,
show us a paper, or draft, or at least give us something substantial
to talk about.
This is the do-ocracy. Competant finger-pointers are occasionally
useful, but it ought be obvious by now that you could have done
a better job at "wolf/canary-dead alert" flag raising.
FWIW, I agree with your premise that illegal dark-sites make a
good litmus/canary test for the health of Tor.
That's a new concept for me. Thank you for sharing it with us.
But Mark, time to step on up and show us how it ought be coded.
Lead the way to a better world! If you're right, and in any way
competant, you will surely be thanked by many.
THAT is the kind of talk (without ANY positive action on your part)
that keeps getting YOU in trouble in this thread.
I recommend you start assuming good faith, show your true mettle,
and stop blaming those that doing something.
Something, is a DAMN sight more than your finger pointing.

@_date: 2014-03-17 15:10:36
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Promoting privacy-protecting networks: fw: [ PFIR ] UK 
A thought re promotion of tor: if censorship goes into full swing in
certain (I'm thinking "western") nations, then eg a specific
"unsavoury" (libre) book, if one exists in the context of a particular
"unsavoury content filter" could be widely published for download on
many relatively mainstream websites - at least by those who wish to
promote awareness of the existence of the censorship - and this may
have a popularity-promoting effect on tor.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
UK gov wants 'unsavoury' web content censored
  (Wired UK)
     The UK minister for immigration and security has called for the
     government to do more to deal with "unsavoury", rather than illegal,
     material online.

@_date: 2014-03-17 15:13:16
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] pros and cons of naming ones tor relay in .sig? 
Is it advised or not to list your tor relay name in your .sig?

@_date: 2014-03-18 21:44:22
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] source browsing - Descriptions from 
I have cloned a few of the tor git repos at
Side issue, and not probative, but my primary clone is always a --bare
repo, which I then clone for local edits, or simply view the bare repo
using git commands.
However, event a simple cat command ought be enough in a bare repo, of
the "standard" git 'description' file, to get at least a very brief
description of what that repo contains.
These brief descriptions are on the web page, namely at
I ask, because I have quite a few times done
cd torgitproject.git
cat description
and have now given up trying this since the descriptions are all blank.
Would it be possible for the descriptions from
 to be put into (and thereafter sourced
from) their respective blah.git/description files?

@_date: 2014-03-19 00:03:43
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] source browsing - Descriptions from 
I don't recall this, no. Just checking some repos I have...
you are right.
A bit odd.
I guess it's because a repo can have many branches, and the
description I am thinking of (which we see on the website) really
relates to a branch, which is essentially what each git.torproject
repo is...
man git-clone : has no option to download "description".
Ah - well then, is there a script or 'standard way' of cloning a whole
bunch of related repos (such as on git.tor..) in a "sensible" way?
This seems like something developers would do every now and then,
especially DVCS using and geographically distributed developers...
git's home turf I thought?

@_date: 2014-03-20 14:43:17
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB - Correct/proper use of TOR_SKIP_LAUNCH=1 ? 
we see addition of
command line option to effect start-tor-browser.
My questions all assume using TBB.
Q1) When is it sensible to use the above TOR_SKIP_LAUNCH=1 option?
For example:
 - when connecting to local always-on relay?
 - when connecting to local sometimes-on relay?
 - when connecting to ones own 'cloud' relay via VPN?
 - when connecting to ones own physical host relay via VPN?
 - when connecting to a friend's home host relay via VPN?
Q2) When connecting to a trusted friend's relay via VPN, what is the
recommended TBB startup config/procedure - I'm thinking of the first
"connection dialog" questions - eg so far I have recommended to my
friends, when starting TBB:
 -> No (isp not block - assuming that's actually true)
 -> No (do not need proxy - unless really needed)
 -> enter relay nickname - in my case gracemissionstor
Is this sensible?
Is it better to figure out the relay key, and write that down or email
etc that to my friends, in place of my relay nickname?
Q3) Does TBB need Tor Control port 9151 in addition to SOCKS port 9150?
Q3b) (similar question) When running through a VPN to trusted host
running a tor relay, must both Tor SOCKS and Control ports be
forwarded, if intending to use this TOR_SKIP_LAUNCH option?
Q4) When running TBB locally, but connecting through a VPN to a
trusted host running a tor relay, what is the recommended connection
setup/settings, eg so you're not running tor over tor (does this make
sense?) - assuming specifying a particular tor relay to connect to?
Or does TBB figure out the right thing to do here?
Q5) When connecting to a trusted friend's relay via the open Internet,
is this what's called using the relay as a "bridge"?
Sorry about all the questions - I have read a lot of the torproject
website, trac tickets and security and other papers in the last few
weeks, trying to get up to speed, but my head is kind of spinning!
On some of these questions I feel unable to advise those I advocate to
on best practice, or even being able to give them or myself certainty
on what is a proper and secure setup, and a not-horribly-inefficient
setup (eg tor over tor) - there are no visual indications by TBB on
these questions except for the big stark "Something went horribly
wrong" warning which TBB displays on some circumstances!
I don't find that helpful to solving these questions/problems above,
although I do acknowledge that such warning is at least a minimally
useful and an entirely necessary thing.
I find the TBB startup dialog/window to be especially "sparse" in
regards to all my questions above!
That is, TBB does not have most of these situations catered for, nor
named, nor even explained when clicking on the "help" button!
So given my local-guru status and the expectations others place on me,
I'm struggling to feel as though I can give _any_ proper advice at the
moment. Perhaps there is some room for an "advanced" TBB startup
If I have simply missed some obvious point of tor documentation,
please let me know and I will gladly spend more time reading.
Thank you very much in advance,

@_date: 2014-03-24 11:50:55
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB - Correct/proper use of TOR_SKIP_LAUNCH=1 ? 
My proposed "VPN" scenario is similar to the Whonix concept.
High-latency, low-bandwidth dialup and satellite connections for some
of the people I advocate tor to (and libre software in general of
This FAQ entry:
says in part "if you're looking for a trusted entry into the Tor
network, setting up a private Tor server as a bridge is a great
The "private bridge" or rather, "trusted entry" in our case is the
first (so far) tor relay I installed, which is installed at a site
with a low-latency, reasonable-bandwidth ADSL2 connection.
As the website suggests here:
exit relays are most needed. So that's what I set up.
I am assuming that this exit relay is also useful as a "trusted entry
to tor" bridge for those who are not practically able to run their own
private/public bridge/relay (high latency links etc, see above).
Is my assumption correct?
If not, is there a better way? Eg would it make sense to run two
instances of tor at the current exit relay host (one as a "trusted
entry"), rather than just the exit relay?
So I'm not sure any of those 5 questions above make sense. But that's
the context in my mind "trusted entry to tor" at the least for those
with problematic, high-latency and/ or low-bandwidth and/ or censored
(not sure that's the case yet in Australia, but could be?) internet
I am using the term "VPN" since for my joining-tor advocacy, at least
for a few people, I have set up limited ssh logins on our first exit
relay I refer to, which I am assuming is also a useful tor entry point
for problematic internet links. So it is I guess a "limited" VPN which
I am referring to in my questions, which exists for the purposes of
allowing certain users (with problematic links) to connect to the exit
relay which I am assuming is useful as a "trusted entry bridge".
Hope I'm making sense here...
A question I'm not able to answer: is it beneficial to have this VPN
for some of the users, or should I just tell them "customize your
connection and add the name of the relay to the last step - to bypass
your filtering ISP or to use our 'trusted relay'"?
Or is it better that they use the IP address and tor port of the relay
as their "bridge" config, or something else?
I really would like to understand the pros and cons of these
alternatives, and have been studying tp.o in vain to try and find out.
When you say "running tor locally", are you referring only to a "local
always-on relay" - eg one connected to ADSL permanently? Or do you
also include in that term, 'running TBB locally on the spot which
creates its own local tor instance'? As in, are you also including in
the term "running tor locally" a "local sometimes-on relay (or
'private' bridge?)"?
For example, a person has a high-latency low-bandwidth dialup
connection and so cannot run a relay and cannot run it all the time -
they need to make and receive phone calls sometimes, or they only have
one portable computer which they cannot leave on site at all times.
Does a temporary local "tor" satisfy the concept "running tor
I apologise in advance, I am quite a newbie to tor and anonymous
networks and am really struggling with some of the terms and concepts
used. Yes I may well be missing something obvious.
My next question: Does running a "local always-on relay" provide
by simply running it, but completely ignoring it thereafter (as in,
just run TBB with default network config, pretending your own relay
does not exist)?
I've been assuming not, but after your questions back to me, now I'm
beginning to wonder how confused I might really be here... If it is
not recommended to run a relay and connect with TBB to somewhere else
(whatever the 'default' happens to be), then this should certainly be
stated somewhere - and frankly, TBB ought have options in its config
dialog (it this is what is recommended) for "I'm running a tor relay
on my LAN, which I am also connected to right now, and intend to use
it - here's the SOCKS IP and port" as well as "I'm VPN-ing to a relay
I'm running elsewhere and intend to use that, here's my properly
forwarded localhost SOCKS port for my remote tor relay instance".
If 'run a relay but ignore it' is intended by the project, that is not
intuitive from the torproject.org website and documentation that I've
read so far.
I don't understand the anonymity implications for the differences in
these various scenarios which I am trying to comprehend.
And I haven't been able to answer these questions in a fair bit of
reading so far.
And whilst I don't understand, then I am unable to advocate (in good
conscience) in any way other than to say "yeah, TBB should provide
some reasonable anonymity improvements - just download from tp.o and
run". Without understanding, of course I cannot optimize privacy for
those I advocate to.
High-latency, low-bandwidth, only sometimes-on internet connections.
Also, I am struggling to find a proper definition of 'private bridge'
and what that exactly means and how it actually works.
I searched tp.o for a glossary, and only found git showing a terms
list for translators (no definitions). Perhaps the FAQ could be
updated after my mis-understandings are clarified?
For example, I am currently unable to answer the question: What sort
of connections does a private bridge have in and out?
Is it only connections from those who know the name or ip of the
private bridge? Or does it also act as a relay sometimes? BTW, I have
read this (in full, at least twice, as with much of tp.o):
and yet still cannot answer these questions.
I have yet to properly read the Tor design docs, but I was hoping tp.o
would provide enough information for a thorough understanding for a
(advanced?) relay operator. Perhaps up to now no one has faced the
scenarios I am facing - in which case, this will be a great
opportunity for some new docs. I am willing to summarize things once I
realise where I have been not understanding.
that FAQ entry regarding "does running a relay give better anonymity"
concludes with "It is an open research question whether the benefits
outweigh the risks. A lot of that depends on the attacks you are most
worried about. For most users, we think it's a smart move."
This wording ought be a little tighter - as in "for most users"
implies there are "at least some users" for whom running a relay is
not a smart idea - who are those users, even who might they possibly
It might be obvious to others who those "other" tor users might be,
but it's not obvious to me, and I think it would be good to clarify
this point, if possible. If it is not possible to describe such a
"hypothetical user who could benefit from NOT running a relay", then
we should state that, admitting that we do not know for whom not
running a relay is a benefit, or could be a benefit.
The point is: It is good that we be as clear as possible on the
boundaries of our knowledge regarding these issues of tor and privacy
and anonymity (another two terms that would be good to carefully
define in an end-user Glossary page).
Is it advised for or against, for high-latency and/ or low-bandwidth
users (common in rural areas) to connect to a site (vpn or just using
the relay name as a bridge) where that site has its tor running as an
exit relay?
What if the site they VPN to is a normal 'public' bridge relay?
What if it is an un-listed (what I understand to be 'private') bridge (relay?)?
I am expected to advocate/install etc, for a small community of couple
dozen or so people.
I have read this:
Which answers "shouldn't tor default to all tor users being relays".
At the moment, I realise I am making certain assumptions about whether
one setup, or one connection method, is more, or less, 'anonymous',
than some other setup or method.
I have a duty of care towards those I assist. I am bound in my
conscience to assist people only by coming to a full and proper
understanding of the trade-offs of different setups that I could
advocate for.
My point is, the exit relay I installed is a 'public tor relay' - as
in it is not configured as 'private', but is that what you mean? In my
mind 'public tor relay' could mean 'a relay not installed and operated
by you, but instead by someone else in the public and quite possibly
not trusted'.
Thank you for those man page pointers. That clarifies part of the
"how". Hopefully soon I'll have a solid "why" (or why not) :)
Also, the bottom of
 references
bridges-spec.txt, which I am yet to read in full, but shall do so.
Thank you so much for your feedback,

@_date: 2014-03-27 08:50:42
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How to make Whonix really user friendly? Looking for 
I haven't yet read about how whonix works, but this has been on my mind:
Have a VM creator driven by debootstrap or similar type script that
depends on debootstrap to do early install.
I believe that a lot of developers and even some non-developers have
local or local-partial mirrors, and so debootstrap is in these cases
very quick.
Also, for those who have a (partial) local mirror, building an image
may well be quicker than downloading an image.
There are also those of us (like me) who live in rural areas and
mostly only have access to slow high-latency and low bandwidth (1GiB
per month) links to the internet - but I do sync a local debian mirror
every week or two.
So for me with a local mirror, if there were a small debootstrap like
package for creating a whonix image, that is certainly what I'd use.
That script or program could also be used to create a Linux
lightweight container too, rather than a full VM (breathes more life
into older hardware).
Now if that script is driven by a YAML configuration file (or .INI or
whatever you guys have chosen already, but I don't like XML), then it
should be easy to build a GUI on top of this Whonix-creator script for
customization of your new image (ie customization of the config file,
before the script is run).
This might be considered 'advanced install' only, but I do believe
that by facilitating the so-called advanced or power users, or
developers, you actually build a far higher loyalty to your project
much more quickly than you would otherwise. You see, we are the ones
who would build such images and install them for our friends and
acquaintances. We are the ones who advocate a particular solution/
option/ set-up, and more often than not do that installation.
So, you want to be pleasing us! Well, I should say, _we_ want to be
pleasing ourselves by making our own lives easier - we should firstly
target ourselves.
And of course, such a simple 'advanced user' design, of course lends
itself to easy image creation for download, for those who find the
'advanced' configuration gui too, daunting shall we say :)
Good luck

@_date: 2014-03-30 13:09:40
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd: [ PFIR ] Turkey is diverting Google's Public DNS 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Turkey is diverting Google's Public DNS
  (Google Online Security Blog)
Turkey is diverting Google's Public DNS (8.8.8.8, 8.8.4.4.)
Use a VPN for now for connections from Turkey.
Lauren Weinstein (lauren at vortex.com): Co-Founder: People For Internet Responsibility:  - Network Neutrality Squad:  - PRIVACY Forum: Member: ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy
Lauren's Blog: Google+: Twitter: Tel: +1 (818) 225-2800 / Skype: vortex.com
pfir mailing list

@_date: 2014-05-15 02:27:46
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] darkweb-everywhere - was: Using HTTPS Everywhere to 
I like the idea of using humour.
And I completely disagree that "common vernacular can't be changed".
On the other hand, a "new brand" would be much easier to reposition
than the existing brand ("dark web").
The problem I believe is two-fold:
1) we need a new term - this the easy part
2) we need a good and significant reason for people to use it
When the two happen together, we get the change.
With only one, or the other, the current term will persist. If we are
ready with a great term, then when something big - even possibly the
existing wikileaks - 'we' can start using the new term. If it rings
true, it will catch on.
On the humour front:
Dark net
 -> Light net
 -> Illuminet
 -> so we are the Illuminetti ? :)
On a new brand:
How about the Free Speech Network ?
The term "libre software" (in english, as opposed to 'free software')
is slowly catching on (it's been a few years now since I and others
have been using it, but it is catching on), so I think another term
could catch on for freedom network.
If Freenet design is truly unable to be revived, we could perhaps, at
some point, second that terminology/term - the freenet.

@_date: 2014-05-15 11:09:14
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] darkweb-everywhere - was: Using HTTPS Everywhere to 
Thus the smiley :)
I guess there are others of a similar ilk:
* Club of Rominet
* Kool Gnu Bright Net - the KGB Net of course
* De Super Sluthey Net - De SS Net
* Bretton Woodski Net
Pretty lame ... I'm sure others could come up with better conspiracy
inducing names. I like Illuminetti myself, for a pro-conspiracy name.

@_date: 2014-05-15 11:50:40
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] darkweb-everywhere - was: Using HTTPS Everywhere to 
The principle is, without anonymous speech, we have no true freedom of speech.
Just as, without toll-free and anonymous travel, we have no true
freedom of movement throughout our states/jurisdictions.
So we have laws purportedly protecting a journalist's sources, in some
countries, but with wikileaks we see leaks the likes of which we could
barely imagine in the past. Wikileaks, on the backbone of tor,
industrialized anonymous speech.
What a wonderful thing.
Something humorous, poking fun at ourselves and/ or how we "freedom
advocates" take principles to heart so vehemently, might be a little
bit of reverse-psychology.
To be blunt, since I can't think of something subtle right now:
 freedom haters network
Which is funny because it is actually 'freedom lovers network', but
that's so bleh, so 'embrace your inner child and sing kumbaya to heal
the world with flowers'.
Now, the Freedom Hater's Network, that's a bit too blunt, but at least
tolerable to neo-cons. It's sarcastic. And we can look at it as "the
network you should use when you are confronted by those who hate
freedom", in other words, it's not "freedom hater's network" but the
"freedom haters network".
I think we ought be able to come up with something more subtle, this
is just an example of the thinking process. But I dunno, whatever
* shut off network
* closed forever network
* unusable net
* never used/ unused network
* stuck net
* freedom bog net
Good luck,

@_date: 2014-05-15 12:21:52
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] darkweb-everywhere - was: Using HTTPS Everywhere to 
I think the obvious terms were being used - Freenet was an application
for example.
"private" is the same vein as "dark" - there is a raunchy images
magazine called Private I think - but I may have the name wrong.
internet3 ?
LibreInternet ?

@_date: 2014-05-26 11:51:17
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] DOJ's Tor traffic estimates - reference? 
Sure, anecdotal evidence can be useful. But I don't know how to turn
one anecdote, or even 1 million, into a useful statistic. What we see
that's published may be minimal, but it's what someone's observed and
recorded over time and published the result.

@_date: 2014-11-08 06:55:02
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Operation Onymous against hidden services, 
As rude as it may be, is it wise to keep people alert and on their
toes, rather than lolled into a false sense of 'perceived security'?
Think if you yourself had 'something important' to communicate with
the world, and you came here and everyone patted everyone else on the
back and agreed that a Tor HS would provide all you need and implied
that everyone on this list can be trusted - is how you'd like to be
I'd rather stay paranoid and safe.

@_date: 2014-10-07 10:52:27
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How does Tor help abuse victims? 
And unfortunately some people get defensive about privacy - as though
we don't have the right to privacy (in general), just as some people
say road tolls, having to pay to travel on public roads, is somehow
not related to our right to travel, or that our right to travel freely
does not exist.
"I don't have to be doing anything wrong to want my privacy."
99 instances of individual abuse of a right, in no way removes the right!
The right is inalienable ...
Ack, ack, and ack again.

@_date: 2014-10-07 11:00:08
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How does Tor help abuse victims? 
For those opposed to the right to privacy, privacy -is- the problem.
There are (gasp) those who would give up liberty (or rather, have
others give up their liberty), in order to (attempt to, but ultimately
fail to) control so-called liberty abusers.
'Give up freedom for safety, and you will lose both' as the saying goes.
Applicable regardless of the right chosen to discuss/think about:
speech/ expression, movement/travel, learning/reading, defence/bearing
arms, etc etc.

@_date: 2014-10-15 13:53:00
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] List Administrivia 
Some people are genuinely naive on a topic, yet get overly
enthusiastic about $RANDOM_IDEA that they have, then share it
immediately with the world.
Yes, it's very close to spam, but just in case the author of it was
just misguided, yet good hearted:
go do a _lot_ of reading. Crypto, as in good crypto, is hard. It's
conceptually mind bending at times, and mathematically challenging all
the time.
I profess to know not much of anything about good crypto - I don't
know much at all anyway. There's kernelnewbies.org for os kernels, and
I am not aware of something similar for crypto newbies.
May be go read the TrueCrypt manual and the GnuPG manual, and then
keep reading elsewhere.
And remember boys and girls, excitement != validity!

@_date: 2014-10-19 22:25:14
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] updating Tor 
Some of us support/admin more than one computer of the same OS.
Does this TBB 4.0 upgrade-with-state function, support offline upgrade
on Debian GNU/Linux - ie download installer, save somewhere, and
update an existing TBB installation, maintaining state (eg guard node,

@_date: 2014-10-28 10:52:46
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
Do you have a link to what you are thinking of?
What comes to my mind just now is DJB's black box (i.e. "make it
simple for the developer to do the right thing"):

@_date: 2014-09-16 09:35:52
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Misogyny on tor-talk is an existential threat to Tor 
Those who matter do. A well written article or two on such things
would undoubtedly be useful on occasion to point to, and in this
(type of) thread in particular, it seems to me that referring to such
an article early on may be about the most effect response to the
initial post possible.
Thank you so much for the awesome work. I'm looking forward to
the well written editorial :)
As to privacy 'for the rest of us' - "you don't have to be doing anything
wrong to want your privacy" - admittedly an 'expectation' of privacy
may be unreasonable in the face of an angry jerk, but that in no way
takes away from our 'right' to privacy.
It is a sad state of humans where 'average humans' violate the
privacy of others - it's bad enough that three letter agencies/
governments work so diligently to violate our privacy.

@_date: 2014-09-17 20:12:13
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor relay on home computer 
Or a really good and large ISP, like iiNet in Australia. And they've
backed their ISP-neutral freedom stance all the way into our
highest court (the High Court of Australia).
I still recommend you talk with tech support and optionally
get a "business" plan for the static IP address.
Good luck,

@_date: 2014-09-20 15:32:18
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
Because, of course, other regimes would never consider such
a thing :
Russia Today response:

@_date: 2015-04-05 13:30:17
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hi! 
I think they are called the Illuminetti. I've heard lots of
conspiracies about them. Pretty bad stuff indeed.

@_date: 2015-04-05 15:07:10
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hi! 
SHHH!!! You broke the first rule - even knowing that they know is too
much information to give away.
Whoops - I just gave away another rule. Dang!

@_date: 2015-04-06 12:51:31
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Summer of Privacy 
Ahh, Juan, dear Juan - a breath of fresh air from you again. I do hope
you never cease to be you :)
Perhaps, on another similarly subtle and constructive note, those who
are passionate about achieving some sort of genuine online anonymity
and/ or effective presence,
   ,
could not only suggest but bullet-point and flesh out some TSOC
potential projects, like say:
- full decentralization model for TOR
- seamless and sane integration with I2P
- new-user documentation strong points
- modular get-off-TOR-forever migration plan for Juan
... or like, whatever :D

@_date: 2015-04-06 14:35:40
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Summer of Privacy 
I too seriously doubt that.
Well, I haven't read a lot, but I think there was this history of TOR
where a couple of blokes did what made most sense to them at the time,
and the government (I would attribute "opportunistically") chose to
fund that.
Pro-actively supporting/funding those technologies which are useful to
big-govt-self, in this case TOR, could be attributed as having malice,
but I tend to the "schizophrenic nature/ conflicting interests" side
of the debate.
Notwithstanding, TSOC is a prime opportunity, Juan (hint hint, nudge
nudge) to verify or otherwise disprove your "primary intent is one of
malice" position - if a well-written design document (including an
as-yet-unsolved trust model which you magically solve) for dir-auth
de-centralization gets rejected for a couple years in a row, your
hypothesis is then proven, and we'd all have a wonderful data point on
the evil-ness of the TOR-backers-and-string-pullers.
Until then, I do (hint hint, nudge nudge), encourage you to write up
your TSOC project proposal :) :)
Please. Please do. Please pretty please with cherries on top please?
Unrelated to but prompted by your question, I assert the following:
Google, (and I think TOR) started as a hacker- or uni- sponsored
"let's try this concept" project.
Ie, started by one or a few hackers with a great idea and usually
spouting (and I use the word spouting here intentionally) good and
magnanimous intentions (eg Google's "do no evil" as they used to say).
Concept works, within its parameters.
Concept takes off due to overwhelming (yet relative) effectiveness
(within its parameters) as  compared with existing 'solutions' for the
problem domain.
Funding offers comes in, with prerequisite of diluting ownership, and
most significantly, diluting control.
The hackers (fellow humans I do note), take the money, dilute their
ownership, and (most significantly) dilute their control. The
share-sale contract, at this stage usually private (I'm thinking
google and most startups here), usually carries condition(s) that
further funding be accepted, or at least, more of the same happens, in
particular with the IPO. Now there are shareholders. These
shareholders are superannuation hedge-funds, government bodies
(through proxies) such as the NSA, FBI etc, and more similarly-good
goodness (please note facetious tone at this point in my typing).
If the original developers/ controllers of the new-fangled concept
didn't lose control in the first round(s) of funding, they certainly
do at the IPO stage.
Basically, most humans take the money and run.
I.e., most humans are greedy, and put their personal wealth ahead of principle.
Thus becoming a large company carries with it:
- personal cashing out of the founders;
- the sociopathic nature of companies;
- diluted control;
- control of said company through acts of government;
- control by those with the most money (to buy the shares, or to have
enough group- or individual share-voting control to put in place
chosen sock-puppets (evil doers) at the helm of said companies;
- concentrated control in the hands of those entities which act
sociopathically (shed a tear, I do);
If one or more of the founders continue at the helm of such
sociopathic-by-nature-and-by-founding-constitution entities, then it
can be reasonably inferred that such founders are inherently with that
same nature;
witness the nature of humans; the five passions, the seven deadly
sins, a rose is a rose by any cow pat you see.
So for the thinking man (man in the generic sense, including woman,
but in particular, being s/he who has come of age within themselves,
which is different to actual physical age), what to do?
If we want a better future in 30 years, how can we achieve that?
Public statements of commitment to do no evil (does google even
pretend to say that any more at a corporate slogan level?), evidence
possible underlying good intention.
What is the next step?
Bind oneself (oh ye powerful tech hacker for freedom) to make no
compromise of means, for any purported ends.
Here is one example from which I draw some limited personal inspiration:
That's a tough road to hoe though. I say it's the only road worth
walking. I wish there were more. Often I experience emotional
satisfaction from the enslavement of humans - when so many fall, fail
to act in interests beyond self, I see that the way things are, is the
way they ought to be - humans --ought-- to be enslaved, since they do
not understand their own enslavement, which they appear to willingly
and enthusiastically work diligently and rush towards.
How is to one feel anything but "yeah, enslavement is entirely
appropriate for this lot called humans"??
As I've pointed out above, the cancer is in humans. The corporations,
and those who control and run them, are simply humans, humans lacking
in will to put principle ahead of personal profit.
Is the real problem the problem of we humans?
Frankly, from what I see in the world, the TOR guys are, within
certain parameters, doing reasonably well. I may be seeing a total
illusion, and I can neither prove nor disprove my feelings on the
So what am I left with, with proof of nothing? The existential
question, eh? I am left with myself and my memories of my actions and
feelings. Which memories and feelings would I like to take with me
from this world? (no, I'm not going to debate that which I can neither
prove nor disprove).
May your life experiences be worth remembering, fellow humans.

@_date: 2015-04-06 14:38:03
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Summer of Privacy 
The point being, a project proposal, for others to take by the horns,
unless of course you yourself actually wanted to be the TSOC
candidate, but that's by the by.

@_date: 2015-04-06 14:50:45
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] rant - just want a bit of music 
I am presently in New Zealand, and when I try to view in firefox or
download with youtube-dl, some a Capella music, half the time I get a
message from Google saying SME (Sony Music Entertainment) has blocked
this track in my country. Surely solving the ready-access to censored
content problem would be a good start for our freedom lovin'
Example a capella failures to download:
$ youtube-dl '
[youtube:playlist] Downloading playlist
PLBCnvBvQEJRpdirUvR1CKLMhESI7whlWM - add --no-playlist to just
download video Toga5cWRi0k
[youtube:playlist] PLBCnvBvQEJRpdirUvR1CKLMhESI7whlWM: Downloading webpage
[download] Downloading playlist: Top Tracks for Street Corner Symphony
[youtube:playlist] playlist Top Tracks for Street Corner Symphony:
Collected 13 video ids (downloading 13 of them)
[download] Downloading video 1 of 13
[youtube] Toga5cWRi0k: Downloading webpage
[youtube] Toga5cWRi0k: Extracting video information
[youtube] Toga5cWRi0k: Downloading DASH manifest
[download] Street Corner Symphony - Hallelujah (Live)-Toga5cWRi0k.mp4
has already been downloaded
[download] 100% of 80.02MiB
[download] Downloading video 2 of 13
[youtube] EZYN2o1tsIA: Downloading webpage
[youtube] EZYN2o1tsIA: Downloading video info webpage
ERROR: EZYN2o1tsIA: YouTube said: This video contains content from
SME, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds.
[download] Downloading video 3 of 13
[youtube] xzF4IS1Vwac: Downloading webpage
[youtube] xzF4IS1Vwac: Extracting video information
[youtube] xzF4IS1Vwac: Downloading DASH manifest
[download] Destination: Drift Away - Street Corner Symphony-xzF4IS1Vwac.mp4
[download] 100% of 26.96MiB in 09:32
[download] Downloading video 4 of 13
[youtube] QV1Vq2kqDNw: Downloading webpage
[youtube] QV1Vq2kqDNw: Downloading video info webpage
ERROR: QV1Vq2kqDNw: YouTube said: This video contains content from
SME, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds.
[download] Downloading video 5 of 13
[youtube] hBEuZappnAk: Downloading webpage
[youtube] hBEuZappnAk: Extracting video information
[youtube] hBEuZappnAk: Downloading DASH manifest
[download] Destination: World To Me - Street Corner Symphony-hBEuZappnAk.mp4
[download] 100% of 26.69MiB in 09:27
[download] Downloading video 6 of 13
[youtube] EZmUCmRSvO0: Downloading webpage
[youtube] EZmUCmRSvO0: Downloading video info webpage
ERROR: EZmUCmRSvO0: YouTube said: This video contains content from
SME, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds.
[download] Downloading video 7 of 13
[youtube] pGrxy72nxo0: Downloading webpage
[youtube] pGrxy72nxo0: Downloading video info webpage
ERROR: pGrxy72nxo0: YouTube said: This video contains content from
SME, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds.
[download] Downloading video 8 of 13
[youtube] PJAfoSsZgY8: Downloading webpage
[youtube] PJAfoSsZgY8: Downloading video info webpage
ERROR: PJAfoSsZgY8: YouTube said: This video contains content from
SME, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds.
[download] Downloading video 9 of 13
[youtube] 8H7A5UhR7Vw: Downloading webpage
[youtube] 8H7A5UhR7Vw: Extracting video information
[youtube] 8H7A5UhR7Vw: Downloading DASH manifest
[download] Destination: Most of It - Street Corner Symphony (Original)
- A cappella-8H7A5UhR7Vw.mp4
[download] 100% of 44.23MiB in 15:39
[download] Downloading video 10 of 13
[youtube] v197cMu4D8Y: Downloading webpage
[youtube] v197cMu4D8Y: Extracting video information
[youtube] v197cMu4D8Y: Downloading DASH manifest
[download] Destination: Streetcorner Symphony - Eleanor
Rigby_Help!_Hey Jude - Live 1_26_11-v197cMu4D8Y.mp4
[download] 100% of 16.13MiB in 05:42
[download] Downloading video 11 of 13
[youtube] xYyl1ZjzKzM: Downloading webpage
[youtube] xYyl1ZjzKzM: Downloading video info webpage
ERROR: xYyl1ZjzKzM: YouTube said: This video contains content from
SME, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds.
[download] Downloading video 12 of 13
[youtube] ZBKtYAZ4UGo: Downloading webpage
[youtube] ZBKtYAZ4UGo: Extracting video information
[youtube] ZBKtYAZ4UGo: Downloading DASH manifest
[download] Destination: Dead Man's Will (lyrics)- Street Corner
[download] 100% of 3.26MiB in 01:09
[download] Downloading video 13 of 13
[youtube] nz1VSUoeUaU: Downloading webpage
[youtube] nz1VSUoeUaU: Downloading video info webpage
ERROR: nz1VSUoeUaU: YouTube said: This video contains content from
SME, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds.
More than half of this group's vocal performances are blocked!!
We need some sort of bit-torrent for censored youtubes, where those
who've already downloaded a youtube file, can automatically make it
available to others - this could also speed up download perhaps,
taking a load off those poor overworked google servers...

@_date: 2015-04-08 09:00:51
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Summer of Privacy 
Exactly. Appropriate non-technical pseudo summarization. Do you want
the whole bloody paper copied and pasted into the email? I don't - I
appreciate the link, specifically addressing your point, thank you
very much! Have you read it?
May be so. And highlighting (your) concerns is a good thing. As I've
pointed out before, if I were actually in need of some level of
anonymity/security on the internet, and I were a newbie, I would be
very appreciative of your vehement notes of caution.
BUT, the TOR guys do have many published papers on many aspects of
TORs design over the years (I've even read a few of them) and they
describe why they've made certain of the technical decisions they've
made - eg centralization vs decentralization (or "a bit less p2p)).
Juan what I would like to see from your passionate desire to
communicate caution and sanity (which I really appreciate) is for you
to temper your passionate communication by, for example taking a key
technical point written about in a paper linked such as in the very
links put to you (us) here and respond in a technically meaningful
I accept your notes of caution, I really do. I even appreciate them. I
think your repetition (to a degree) is acceptable. But I do not accept
-your- handwaving, especially in the light of calling out the TOR
technical foundation design documents as "handwaving". Not cool.
Juan, the "game" goes both ways. You know that as well as anyone here.
No one could dispute that analysing the intent of all players involved
is a good thing to do. In fact, as you rightly point out, an
especially important thing to do in this TOR ('freedom communication
tech') environment.
Likewise, no one can dispute that (and the relevant people agree that)
some technical and other questions simply cannot be answered. We
cannot work in an idealised world, we must work in the world we live
I intuit that your primary point is that the TOR devs ought
acknowledge "we can only do so much, we can only program within the
limitations of the greater environment which includes problems a, b
and c, and there are potential or real conflicts of interest due to
funding sources, etc, etc".
Frankly, I see the TOR guys acknowledge all of this.
Juan, here is a classic statement which says nothing. On the other
hand, it implies "caution is warranted".
Also, the concept of "troll fishing" can be taken as far you choose,
of course - that is, try to expose they who you might  consider to
ultimatly be trolls (individuals with bad intent), by continually
bating and fishing for such.
It gets a little tiresome, but from a cold hard lets do the best we
can by all newbies perspective, I can't really fault you. That is,
putting up with tiresome is better than the alternative.
Getting a TOR dev canary thing happen would, I say, be useful.
Juan's valid point is that black pots and black kettles can be hard to
distinguish. Indeed it may not be possible for us to do so.
In such an environment of uncertainty, all due caution is always warranted.
Let's never self deceive eh?
And in the interests of not self deceiving, simply set the record
straight when you feel something needs to be set straight. That's not
feeding the troll. Feeding the troll is when you get emotional and
defensive, and frankly, in the environment/world in which we live,
testing all doubt and all concerns is a good thing. Juan is robust
enough to do this publicly and for this we owe him a debt of thanks
for being so persistent. So few humans give a shit for others you see.
Indeed. Nice to see we're all so relatively robust around here :)
Keep up the good work everyone,

@_date: 2015-04-08 09:02:47
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Summer of Privacy 
Gold! Absolute gold.
We do have freedom of speech, at least to this limited degree. I am grateful.
Thanks all, and keep it up eh,

@_date: 2015-04-08 18:52:28
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Hi! 
There are so many issues at the moment, not the least of which is you
understand what you mean by "anonymizing my phone".
You might start by looking into/ learning about:
- how to load your own operating system (replicant, cyanogen ,ubuntu,
debian, tizen or whatever) onto your phone?
- how phones are tracked?
- what TOR can and cannot provide, even in the best circumstances?
- how to load custom linux kernel firewall rules?
- what is os fingerprinting?
- what is a mobile phone stingray device?
- what is a virtual machine? how to run one?
Wax on, wax off. And good luck :)

@_date: 2015-04-24 08:14:12
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Clarification of Tor's involvement with DARPA's Memex 
At this point in time, there's no I2PBrowser for example, so TOR is
the only ready option for members of the Crackatinny tribe (from
outbak ya c).
For those with a little willingness to learn, I2P and GNUnet are
IMSEHO (in my so extremely high opinion) worthy of investigation.
GNUnet even has an apt-get installable gui - but I do not yet
understand it's design (haven't gone reading), so cannot speak at all
to it's potential, let alone it's usefulness today.
I2P appears to have a design with some benefits over TOR, although
TOR's current size has (I think) some real benefits too.
Nothing is yet ideal. More love is needed everywhere.
Ideally, start building physical (wireless would be most practical)
'run and control your own personal node and talk to others
individually' independent network, and run I2P or etc on top of that;
Happy creating :)

@_date: 2015-04-24 08:27:06
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Clarification of Tor's involvement with DARPA's Memex 
Correction, Azureus Vuze has both TOR and I2P modules built in, and by
some definitions, Vuze is relatively end user friendly, and an older
but functional version can be installed in Debian using your package
installer of choice.
Vuze provides a SOCKS proxy option with it's I2P module, and a wiki
page on how to configure firefox to send all its DNS queries through
the proxy, see:
But I still recommend running your privacy browser in a VM, perhaps
using Whonix.
Happy surfing,

@_date: 2015-04-26 11:48:41
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Clarification of Tor's involvement with DARPA's Memex 
The GNS/ alternate distributed DNS thing is the bit I was specifically
referring to.
I do share your assessment that Gnunet does not provide anything like
adequate anonymity.
GnuNet's GNS could be (I assume) run across TOR or I2P - this is what
might be interesting to explore (for someone who wants to get their
configuration and thinking hats on).

@_date: 2015-08-11 23:29:20
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB update using offline/ downloaded tarball? 
Is there an upgrade process for TBB by e.g. unpacking the tarball over
the existing installation directory, or does one have to use the
in-browser upgrade-in-place option or install to a separate directory?

@_date: 2015-02-02 09:17:03
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor -> VPN Clarification 
I agree that the descriptions / ascii arts are probably not up to
scratch at this point.
Let's create some diagrams so we can talk about scenarios (this is
just a rough crack at it, please modify/ fix as needed):
vpn = virtual private network
vps = virtual private server
www = destination website/ public internet service
tor hs = tor hidden service
tbb = tor browser bundle
**) vpn then tor:
 -> vpn proxy -> VPN -> tor proxy -> TOR
 -> www | tor hs
 TOR = tor entry -> tor mid -> tor exit
and where:
 VPN = vpn client -> local isp -> vps/vpn isp
        -> vps/ mixnet -> vpn server/ exit node
The vpn client could be ssh, and vpn server sshd.
Alternatively the JAP client and JAP's backend, etc.
If you run an ssh vpn, say on a vps, then your "tor proxy" can run on that vps.
This is not recommended.
Although it gives some privacy against your local isp, you would need
to trust your vps isp (assuming you are running your own vps, for your
ssh based vpn) - not recommended since the vps isp will generally have
full root access to your vps (at least to the disk image/ files).
(The terminology here might need to be improved - tor proxy might not
be the right term?)
**) tor through vpn:
 -> tor proxy -> vpn proxy -> VPN -> TOR
 -> www | tor hs
This is better, since tor is running "on top of" or "through" the vpn.
The vps (or vpn mixnet) can still see that you are accessing the tor
network, but at least your local isp cannot (you get some local
privacy, only seeing you running ssh).
(BTW, why is ssh "visible" at all - surely there is a protocol to set
up an encrypted link, in full privacy? - should be a separate thread
**) vpn through tor:
 -> vpn proxy -> tor proxy -> TOR
 -> VPN -> www
Here your local isp might know that you're running tor, but not what
you are accessing (a vpn).
The vpn isp/provider will know (if they want to) what website you're
accessing, assuming they know it's your vpn account (or your vps).
So the only way this would be useful for much is if you don't need
much in the way of privacy/ anonymity against your vpn provider (in
which case, why bother), or your vpn is anonymous (ie the talk about
paying for your vpn/vps with bitcoin).
Also in this scenario, any Tor HS access would not get to your vpn at
all (if you're lucky :)
Good luck,

@_date: 2015-02-02 11:09:57
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor -> VPN Clarification 
Indeed they are.
If you don't feel competent setting up sshd and ssh tunneling say, or
managing the security updates for your own virtual private server, or
customizing your firewall and TOR configuration so you are certain
about what's travelling through what and across what, then yes, you
are likely to shoot yourself in the foot and is better to just use TBB
or whonix/ tails etc.
And unfortunately yes, there's no simple way to say "just do this
extra step and get extra privacy or anonymity or safety" - if there
were, it would be in the Tor FAQ, which you have read haven't you?
That FAQ -does- have some hints about next steps you might consider
taking to improve the ecosystem.
I suggest small(ish) steps and getting comfortable with each step as
you go. Just running VirtualBox may be a significant step for you, if
you have not done that before.
Good luck,

@_date: 2015-02-04 07:56:48
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Confidant Mail 
If this is a 'general protocol' type of thing (email), is there any
sense in having say a key prefix or namespace of some sort, so that
"confindant mail" keys aren't mixed up with "tox" keys etc?

@_date: 2015-02-08 12:34:46
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor as a network filter 
Some questions belie a lack of understanding of Tor, and/ or a lack of
understanding of your own question.
This is possibly one of those times.

@_date: 2015-01-26 19:02:19
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] surveillance discussion in Finland 
Pesky ethics eh?
What non-technical grounds besides "it's not ethical" result in "we
should not have mass surveillance at all"?
I'd like to see "the people don't consent", but sadly sheeple almost
always tacitly consent, given a gradual enough deployment time frame
and approach.
Where does the will of "we the people" ever prevail? Only where enough
people stand/ oppose/ speak up in ways which are effective, which
rarely occurs.
What about the "it's not ethical" part? Or is "it's not ethical" just
code for "the people would probably object if they had a genuine say/
vote, but they don't so we can ignore the will of the people"?
A technical foundation for why it's not OK is a good start I guess.
But can be overcome with legislation - surely the Finnish Constitution
permits of "national security" against "terrorists"?
Ahem. What they want or what is legislated for now, is just the thin
edge of the wedge, surely?
Slippery slope, the sliding wedge. Why would the medium-term outcome
for Finland be any different to USA/NSA?
These two points don't properly go together - "Facebook" is a corp.,
data retention can be required to be national-local, by legislation,
and legislated MITM. Facebook might respond by officially closing the
door on Finland?
Why illegal?
Well that does sound very good. But that's Finland constitution, not
EU constitution right?
Either way, a good foundation for Finland.
Effective will usually be trumped by "constitutionally lawful
legislation", although as we see with USA, power-hungry entities
legislate regardless of constitutionality over the longer term.
["threads" = "threats" I assume.]
Ahh, so Finnish constitution does permit of violating inviolability of
personal communication in the name of "national security"!
In that case, the proposed legislation should be easy for Finnish
parliament to pass.
You are indeed optimistic.
I don't share your optimism. Problems can easily be legislated away,
and "the people" will nearly always lap it up. E.g. "suitable
administrative processes must be in place to ensure that
non-applicable communications are deleted and forgotten when viewed as
part of an investigation".
Are these three coming together in Finland, in this case?
Good luck Finland!

@_date: 2015-07-13 04:56:30
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] evidence that Tor isn't "amoral"? 
Come on Juan! Grow the f*** up already and apply for Executive
Director of TorProject, then we can all finally feel protected, safe,
secure and private when using TBB!
Really, it's fence-sitting amoral positions like yours that really get
my chicken going... fix the world already,

@_date: 2015-07-30 10:42:42
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Historically speaking, 
You wouldn'... couldn'... Juan, surely you're not suggesting TOR's a
Controlled Oppositional Network i.e. a big CON??

@_date: 2015-07-30 10:49:22
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Historically speaking, 
Aww ... even they need to be entertained tooo. You need to pull your
comedy weight - no slacking now.

@_date: 2015-07-30 11:01:56
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Historically speaking, 
Easy words definitely +1.
My take on 'controlled opposition' is that TOR effectively collects
most/ many of the "Snowden's" of the world who might be considered
"USA opposition". By collecting them onto one network, the "important
targets", although mixed with not important targets, are collected
into one technology and therefore much easier to identify - correlate
TOR users with ISP sign up accounts.
Years ago a friend coined the term the FOG - the False Oppositional
Group. In many cases of community issues here in Australia, one or two
people "offer" to "lead" a committee to "fix the community problem",
and we have seen time after time, these self-proclaimed leaders get
the large initial group on a tread mill of ineffective tasks and
activities - like writing letters to parliament, like walking down the
main street of their local town, like ringing the radio station, and
endless more tasks which achieve absolutely nothing.
This FOG committee then also belittles ideas which might have traction
(e.g. class action lawsuit, civil disobedience) telling their group
"oh that can't work" and similar. Over time, the people in the
community who are active (but ineffective direction activity set by
"saviour" committee) initially, die away (leave the group, stop
participating), since no progress is ever made.
This is extremely effective tactic by e.g. developers who want to
develop seaside foreshore multi billion $ developments, significantly
blocking the surrounding property owner's significant sea views. In
three years, 500 people is reduced to about 5 "hard core" genuine
people, by the 5 "False Oppositional Group" committee members. More
details available but already probably too much.

@_date: 2015-07-30 11:54:51
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Historically speaking, 
Don't sweat on it - the cliff might be better/ more comfort, than
knowing more :)
Some things in onion web bring tears. Some things our governments do
bring tears. The world is sometimes a harsh place.
I described Juan's terminology, my interpretation anyway.
Search e.g. GnuNET, I2P, etc - these are different software stacks,
not forks of TOR stack. TOR fork might not make sense - one of the
security benefits is the large number of people using TOR - then you
become a "needle in the haystack". Same for other networks, more or
The centralized parts of TOR need to be (at least partially)
decentralised, at least for scalability - TOR currently will fall over
if most of Internet tries to use it on one day. So if you are a
programmer have a go - you will be welcomed.
If you trust TOR devs (and centralised TOR network parts) as
"benevolent dictators", then theory says TOR network can be more
secure. Personal opinion's on actual security of a particular web
surfing activity in current actual TOR network, are probably only
relevant to the individual who owns the said opinion :)
I suggest that you try to avoid "are you for me, or against me" - it
is not useful. Sharing ideas is useful. Highlighting blind trust is
useful, highlighting unseen assumptions, and unseen facts (thank you
Juan!) are useful activities. Assisting each other's understanding,
even if we differ in opinions on small things (all things are small ;)
 is more important than saying we do or do not oppose one another.
Juan rowed a tough road for some time - he kept highlighting the USA
government funding at the core of TOR, and highlighted assumptions
some of us made. Some people take his brash manner as though it is
oppositional - yes it is oppositional to institutionalised human
killing, as so we all should be, and his language is sometimes harsh;
but for me, if I actually had need for some level of genuine privacy
and/ or anonymity when using TOR and my mind be sleepy, then Juan's
voice is very much needed by me and my sleepy mind! Juan says "wake
up!" and he also often adds "you fool!" - ignore the second part and
you will enjoy most people :)

@_date: 2015-07-31 11:01:41
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB image cache bug? 
Anyone else seeing this?:
For a couple weeks now, with sites like gizmag.com, but also others,
TBB seems to mix up some of the images, where Firefox does not.
Eg Right now for me contains a side image with this caption:
"Age-related macular degeneration patient receives bionic eye transplant"
and the image in TBB is a mountain bike, and the image in FF is an
elderly man wearing funky glasses.
Happens on TBB 4.5.3 and on 4.5.2.
Could be in the networking code - I saw a slashdork page with an image
at the very end of the page - after the normal web site/page bottom,
which was from russia-insider.com, stuck to the very bottom left of
the page after all else.
Willing and capable to run more tests if needed.

@_date: 2015-07-31 20:31:26
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Historically speaking, 
Roger D:
Roger asked us to think, before we type. He was courteous in my book.
And he is generally entirely conservative/ restrained-in-a-good-way on
such matters too.
Hard to ask for more than that.

@_date: 2015-06-07 20:40:33
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "Tor Browsers" on SourceForge 
- contact Bradley Kuhn of the Software Freedom Conservancy
- contact the Free Software Foundation (USA)
- create competing "projects" on sourceforge - open a new account
"torproject.org" and upload at least one TorBrowser binary - perhaps a
stub which points the user to the official web page
- write some software to auto-create "projects" on all the commercial
sites out there, in a single hit, make your code libre licensed of
course :)
In fact, all existing projects on SourceForge ought (evidently)
maintain their admin-ship of their existing project pages, just to
ensure SF does not fuck them over.
Sadly we live in a world of many financial, and other, predators.
Do Not give up control of your SF or GitHub or
__pick-a-commercial-entity__ project!
If your project gets "mirrored" on one of these types of sites - set
up your own project just to have an official presence on that site.
This is a sad form of "digital thuggery" which ultimately may need a
legislative fix - in the meantime, the consequence is more work for us
(but hopefully minimal) who admin projects.
Good luck,

@_date: 2015-06-18 19:10:40
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Matryoshka (fill traffic in networks?) [was: Are TOR 
For a potentially useful project to many: software to crawl and cache
popular news sites into a content addressed darknet/ localnet cache,
so that folks can browse the daily news without using exit nodes.
Trust network above that is a separate task entirely.
For bonus points, have the content addressing be in git.
Just as the disadvantages of HFT (high frequency trading) can be
handled with a trade-window model (all trades are batched into a 1s,
or 10s or whatever window to be resolved by the exchange at the end of
each window), "inhibit packet until ready" makes me think this might
be applied to Tor networks - specifying a "relatively high" minimum
latency for new session initiation. But again, it's the type of
problem/solution potential which needs genuine analysis to know if
there's going to be a non-trivial privacy enhancing benefit. I can
only make assumptions sorry.
E.g. your entry point (e.g. ISP) introduces "random peak bandwidth
drops/ latency holes" and when the ISP's incoming networks fail to
keep up their side of this same bargain, the link deteriorates
This implies an ISP who is on the side of the users, at this point a
rare thing (if it exists at all).
This 'feels' like it has potential. Except I think it presumes that at
least your starting node(s) (eg ISP) are not actively adversarial to
you - but are we assuming this anyway with current Tor? (Sorry for my
A thought I've pondered for a couple years now - and now in this
context, let's say my geographic neighbour and I each have an ISP
uplink, and wireless connection between one another.
If my "underlying fill traffic network" (physical/PHY layer, at least
from my perspective as an end user) can somehow include the private
connection between my neighbour and I, and if the ISP actively targets
one of us and crimps the connection, and then the neighbour similarly
("pro-actively") crimps his connection in 'almost parallel', could
this provide some level of plausible deniability of the exit-node
traffic being correlated to either one of us?
(Expand algorithmically to more than one neighbour.)
Is it worth beginning an "ISP end user fill traffic protocols best
practices RFC" for those ISPs who genuinely want to do the right
thing, legally as well as by their customers?
Or is the multiplexing of the last-node-before-the-home (eg the ISP's
DSLAM ADSL modem bank) simply not capable of such things?
I guess what I'm asking: what's the ideal way to roll out
community-/state- wide internet networking infrastructure, from a
respect-the-uesrs-privacy perspective?
Let's keep asking the questions and attempting to answer them, and see
if we can't eliminate the benefit logically (without having to wait
for a high fallutin' acamedic paper).
Eg 1: there are fibre-optic "DSLAMs" (modem banks? - dunno the term
sorry), which simply broadcast all client downlinks to all end-points,
and it's only the end point modems which "do the right thing" and
ignore their neighbour's traffic.
In this scenario, there may only be 2Gbps of bandwidth shared amongst
1000 homes. If all homes jump on the "maximize fill traffic"
bandwagon, each will get at most a fixed 2Mbps link - fast by many
standards, but nowhere near what would be achieved in a
forget-about-privacy scenario.
And then, what should happen at the ISP level?
What sort of protocols would make sense for ISP interconnection - to
other ISPs, to upstream ISP/ national backhaul, to international
(usually expensive) links?
Eg 2: ADSL DSLAM - can this device scale reasonably to all homes
connected to this DSLAM?
In either scenario, do we need to start thinking new equipment, or
just new protocols - since fill-traffic is a type of protocol and as
we've read, proposals have been made for ethernet-level fill traffic.
Clear thinking, ask the hard questions, gather answers, write it up in
an RFC or draft "paper", post for review, and it'll eventually get
archived at the usual places - even if the answers are "we can't do X
and Y for reasons A and B" - these would be very useful answers.

@_date: 2015-06-26 16:51:17
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "torproject.org" being redirected/ DNS multi link paged 
going to torproject.org, redirects to  ,
which comes up with what appears to have a link at the bottom to:
It should instead redirect to this page:
Just a config oversight, or an undermining somewhere?

@_date: 2015-06-26 18:54:17
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "torproject.org" being redirected/ DNS multi link 
If we look at that url, yes, it is evidently mistyped.
Thanks and brown paper bag for mea culpa lacka bility.
Sorry for the noise.

@_date: 2015-06-28 03:11:01
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TBB: "on/offline" button in toolbar 
Hi, I am familiar and very content with the Firefox "toolbar-buttons"
plugin - which provides a couple of key toolbar buttons, such as:
- work on/offline
This allows e.g. for sites which insist on messing with my cache
settings/ sanity and reloading the dang page when I go back and or
forward in tab history, to do the following 3-step:
Work Offline -> Back (prev page in history) -> Work Online
more quickly than navigating through menus - which is quite the
frustrating experience when one does this often.
This is useful as I can get a very quick redisplay of a previous (or
subsequent) web page in my history without the site reloading it
unnecessarily which seems to happen on so many sites these days.
- proxy toggle (3-way)
This button does what it says, cycling through:
no proxy -> auto proxy -> manual proxy
Again, this is a great time saver in certain situations.
I guess we can be confident that others will have their own favourite
time saver buttons from Toolbar Buttons plugin.
Is it possible for some TBB dev to audit Toolbar Buttons firefox
plugin for security/ safety and/ or inclusion in TBB?
I will be very grateful.
Thank you,

@_date: 2015-03-08 15:37:14
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials blah blah bleh blah 
My mom showed me how ta turn it on, but I might need some help with
that step next time tha power goes out, cause there were a few steps,
and it seems a bit complicated for me. She said it was more secure if
it didn't come on automatically.
Is this enough computer knowledge?
I'm sold! Tell me more - I turned my computer on again, but
something's not right since the screen seems black to me, but it could
be my eyes.
Is there something I'm doing wrong?
Well it's been an hour, and my computer screen is still black. I'm
pretty sure I'm doin somthing wrong...............

@_date: 2015-03-10 07:59:36
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Why corrupt government officials blah blah bleh blah 
Travis (if that be your real name), I applaud your passion and conviction.
If you are truly a supporter of freedom, then you will find like minds
around here.
BUT, you have not heard my response to you in the light it was
intended, your rashness appears to lead you to attack when you might
consider thanking, and the responses around here are mostly
considerate and caring - please consider doing likewise.
I know as well as I hope you do, that there is a lot of crap going on
in the world at the moment and our fundamental human rights are well
and truly under attack. "Most humans" (since I know nearly all of them
:D) appear on the surface to be not deserving of freedom. The
consequence of mass (semi?) willful ignorance has to be enslavement
and human microchipping looks like the end game (book of Revelation
for any biblical-foiled hatters around) - that vision is not a world I
wish to have.
In the meantime, read between the lines. If you believe in yourself
and have a vision you hold as worthy of manifesting, take the
constructive criticisms on board, rather than lash out at those who
are trying to assist. Every tool has its purpose, and that includes
Good luck,

@_date: 2015-05-18 10:47:33
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Meeting Snowden in Princeton 
Pretty impressive software. IBM might be interested in that one,
assuming the talks have been two-way things of course ...

@_date: 2015-05-25 11:13:09
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New Astoria Tor client is said to be better than 
NOTE, if you want newbies (and occasionally potential contributors) to
not be really frustrated with your communciation, perhaps define your
key terms on first use.
Since "AS" has not been defined anywhere in this thread (yet), I
downloaded the paper (OK, that might be a reasonable desire - get
people to download and read the original source, but still ...
please!), only to find the term "AS" used nearly half a dozen times
before it's ever defined/unpacked in the paper itself!
PS: For those who were wondering: AS ~= autonomous system.

@_date: 2015-05-28 16:08:58
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [Cryptography] Dark Web should really be called the 
Do you mean like analysing the trafficking of drugs in their physical
form. Traditional law enforcement seems to do this type of traffic
analysis reasonably well on occasion.
I thought that was the main differentiator for I2P (as compared with TOR)??

@_date: 2015-05-29 15:45:56
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [Cryptography] Dark Web should really be called the 
Just finished reading a bunch of I2P pages, and can confirm what you
say - I'm guessing I read this section, and forgot the "but not yet
implemented" bit:
"Various mixing strategies at the tunnel level (e.g. create a tunnel
that will handle 500 messages / minute, where the endpoint will inject
dummy messages if there are insufficient messages, etc) "

@_date: 2015-11-25 02:17:10
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] ru news 
Well if nation-states can compete against each other in this way,
perhaps this is the best overall outcome we can hope for?

@_date: 2015-11-25 05:33:18
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] ru news 
Of course not - I mean compete in running Tor ("sub") networks, e.g.
running a bunch of state level relays/ guard nodes/ exit nodes, with
intention to monitor in and out traffic for as much of the network as
they can.
This has been discussed before.

@_date: 2015-10-01 23:48:47
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] KARMA POLICE 
I applaud and share your enthusiasm and intention. But.
The assumption that "enough money will solve the problem" is generally false.
What is needed is a supra-tor or supra-"supplied by the govt/ isp"
physical network layer - or at least enough nodes in a 'slightly new
design' network which can use those nodes (assuming there are enough
of them, which might be large number, I have no idea).
That means individuals setting up their own links between them and
their neighbors. Neighbors is a loose concept - wireless links can hop
a fair distance.
The principle is:
- if you don't control it, if you did not physically set it up, it monitors you;
- if you don't install and 'control' the software running on the
hardware, it monitors you;
- if your hardware is backdoored before you receive it (e.g. built in
hidden other-than-wifi radio, keylogging cpu microcode, full hidden
net sniffing computer in your ethernet port), notwithstanding the
software you install on it, it monitors you.
There is so much room for necessary improvement that the situation is
depressingly grim.
TBB/Tor is at least something - just be sure you understand what it
is, and what it is not.
Good luck and surf safe,

@_date: 2015-09-19 00:33:52
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Detritus 
Wow - government totally protecting me, for just $200.
What a thought :D

@_date: 2016-08-19 17:54:10
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Revolt Against Tor Over Rape Claims, Process, Board, 
0) The processes and actions done and upheld by those carrying seats
   of power in Tor Inc, with respect to Jacob Applebaum, are abhorrent.
   Justice has been denied to all involved.
   Serious problems have been caused to those who are genuine and or
   potentially genuine victims, and these problems continue to be
   perpetuated by those with authority in Tor Inc.
   Lies and deceptions have been ignored, outright denied, or otherwise
   perpetuated under the aegis of Tor Inc.
   Abhorrent behaviour has been ignored, upheld or indeed to a casual
   observer, have resulted in promotions of authority within Tor Inc.
   All these things are an absolute disgrace and those with authority in
   Tor Inc ought be fundamentally ashamed of the approach you have taken
   and continue to uphold:
      - implicitly,
      - tacitly,
      - and explicitly.
1) Tor is on topic for public consciousness around online privacy,
   anonymity, etc. and your question implies a fundamental missing of
   this fundamental point, and our fundamental needs in a democracy,
   and therefore the significance of that which is occurring at
   Tor Inc and within "the Tor community".
   The available options for those seeking a higher discourse are few
   and far between.
   The significance of the fundamental problems that are occurring as we
   speak, within Tor Inc and the Tor community, is deep, of deep
   concern, and is seen by far more than the mere few who take steps to
   highlight the wrongs and or to improve the situation.
2) Wikileaks is much harder to censor, unlike other recent publications
   e.g. the call for a 24 hour boycott of the Tor network was swiftly
   censored.
   There is an evident campaign to censor genuine and sincere, and
   needed actions and communications in regards to this whole affair.
3) Some of those with power in Tor Inc appear, to some of us in
   "the tor community" as being one or more of the following:
   -  fundamentally compromised ( e.g. lawyer, also "victim", also
      "investigator" - are you absofiretrucking serious??!!!??!! )
   -  covering for other compromised Tor Inc power brokers
   -  tacitly consenting to evidently compromised Tor Inc power
      brokers by ignoring, and or focussing on how to "massage" the
      "public message" so as to "minimize damage" (to what? to Tor Inc?
      What about damage to principles? damage to the community? damage
      to the dreams and intentions of hundreds of unspoken folks who
      gave their good intent, their hearts and often their time and
      money to contribute to the Tor network???)
   -  refusing to call a spade a spade
   -  evidently compromised due to covering for other Tor Inc power
      brokers who have demonstrated fundamental sociopathic and/ or
      highly objectionable actions, behaviour and words
4) Wikileaks has public mindshare and visibility.
5) Getting published on Wikileaks makes it much harder for those who
   want to appear clean-faced (Dingledine etc) to ignore the fundamental
   problems which have happened, are continuing to happen, and are, to
   the eye of this not so humble observer:
      - ethically objectionable,
      - compromised
      - and fundamentally problematic in oh so many ways!!!
Time to grow up folks. Own the damn mess. Clean up your shit. Get rid of
those individuals who are evidently compromised in ways that can not be
Fail to take these steps and you will forever lose your ability to claim
"we did our best" or "we didn't see what we were doing".
If you cannot see, and you refuse to see when the problems are pointed
out, you will have none but yourselves to blame. Many of us are doing
our best to point out fundamental problems, and we get either banned
from the public discussion (Juan, Afalex and others), booted from the
community or Tor Inc (Jacob Applebaum and implicitly quite a number of
others it has turned out - it's all coming out in the wash in that
grande olde thing called the Internet - you might have heard of that?)
or shouted at to "get off the cross, we got work to do".
Yes, you sure do... plenty of work to clean up this mess - continue to
pretend it does not exist at your peril.
By holding yourselves out as a "leading light" of free speech, dissodent
speech, genuine anonymity and or privacy whilst online, and also a
purportedly fundamentally ethical approach to the activities Tor Inc
purports to champion,
   -  you have been,
   -  are,
   -  and shall continue to be,
held to a high standard. This is not your option. Tor Inc is not a
"normal" company - none of you (employees of Tor Inc) are held by us in
the Tor community as "normal" employees or "regular" folks - we have
been, are, and shall continue to hold you to a higher standard than we
hold "normal" capitalist 'pigs' to.
That also means you suffer a far greater disgrace, and far more
publicly, than most other normal people ever would suffer.
And this is simply how it is - it is not something you have any control
over. It is we, the Tor community, who choose how to hold our so called
and purported (even though self elected) "leaders".
You have no choice in the standard we hold you to.
You have no choice in the consequences in our minds and in our hearts
when you fall from the grace we previously assumed you to be in.
You have absolutely no choice in the long term default consequences in
our respective consciousnesses, each of us individually, of how we hold
each and every one of you in the face of your words, your actions, and
your non-actions.
And take good notice - it is perhaps most often your non-actions, which
demonstrate your tacit support for evils done, which have the greatest
consequences in our consciousness.
Meet our (!!) standard and you shall stand as heroes.
Fail to meet our standard and you and your purported principles shall
forever be "the ones who fell from grace, disgraced themselves and
disgraced the community, spitting on the very principles we all held to
be sacred and inviolable".
   Your time is close to running out.
Your sincerely,
With absolute, unequivocal, and unshakable conviction,
Zenaan Harkness,
Victoria, Australia

@_date: 2016-02-25 22:13:34
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd: Cryptopolitik and the Darknet 
There is a principle: to give up anonymous publishing for the ~2% of
bad actors, you will give up that right for the rest of us as well.
Same goes for other rights, not just anonymity.
By allowing people to drive on public roads, we accept that
occasionally some nutcase will also drive on the roads, run down a
pedestrian or cop and or cause a lot of damage to property. It's part
of the bargain.
Then some people will suggest "time for full time GPS tracking of all
vehicles, you know, to stop the crazies", thereby giving up our right
to anonymous travel.
Once again, you will not stop the crazies, and you give up a basic
right, something fundamental to being human, to being in society/
There's probably a fancy logical name for this "bad bargain" that
"well meaning" humans seem to always want to make. Somehow they are
wired differently to me and many others on this list. You see I always
ask another question immediately to the thought or suggestion to "give
up a liberty" (e.g. anonymous publishing, private phone calls,
anonymous travel, pseudonymous travel, freedom of thought, etc), and
that question I always ask is "do we lessen our humanity by treating
ourselves as children, with cotton wool gloves?"
Guns, knives, cars and communication are topical examples these days.
I find it mind bending, but some folks actually think mandatory
registration, rego plates and licensing, is a great idea for bicycles
- you see, some folks on bikes have run into pedestrians, ride fast on
footpaths, and if they're being chased on foot by police they can get
away, not to mention how dangerous they are to the rider, there's just
so many problems with bicycles we could probably raise a good argument
to ban them completely - perhaps a govt buy back scheme and a govt
financial compensation scheme for stationary exercise bikes to
compensate for the health problems which would statistically arise due
to the reduction in exercise of the population when bicycles are
These are serious problems. We must not be flippant about the dark
dangers of cyclists traveling anonymously and dangerously, not to
mention their rogue machinery!

@_date: 2016-02-25 22:14:42
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd: Cryptopolitik and the Darknet 
There is a principle: to give up anonymous publishing for the ~2% of
bad actors, you will give up that right for the rest of us as well.
Same goes for other rights, not just anonymity.
By allowing people to drive on public roads, we accept that
occasionally some nutcase will also drive on the roads, run down a
pedestrian or cop and or cause a lot of damage to property. It's part
of the bargain.
Then some people will suggest "time for full time GPS tracking of all
vehicles, you know, to stop the crazies", thereby giving up our right
to anonymous travel.
Once again, you will not stop the crazies, and you give up a basic
right, something fundamental to being human, to being in society/
There's probably a fancy logical name for this "bad bargain" that
"well meaning" humans seem to always want to make. Somehow they are
wired differently to me and many others on this list. You see I always
ask another question immediately to the thought or suggestion to "give
up a liberty" (e.g. anonymous publishing, private phone calls,
anonymous travel, pseudonymous travel, freedom of thought, etc), and
that question I always ask is "do we lessen our humanity by treating
ourselves as children, with cotton wool gloves?"
Guns, knives, cars and communication are topical examples these days.
I find it mind bending, but some folks actually think mandatory
registration, rego plates and licensing, is a great idea for bicycles
- you see, some folks on bikes have run into pedestrians, ride fast on
footpaths, and if they're being chased on foot by police they can get
away, not to mention how dangerous they are to the rider, there's just
so many problems with bicycles we could probably raise a good argument
to ban them completely - perhaps a govt buy back scheme and a govt
financial compensation scheme for stationary exercise bikes to
compensate for the health problems which would statistically arise due
to the reduction in exercise of the population when bicycles are
These are serious problems. We must not be flippant about the dark
dangers of cyclists traveling anonymously and dangerously, not to
mention their rogue machinery!

@_date: 2016-02-25 22:26:53
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd: Cryptopolitik and the Darknet 
This can only partially be achieved at the moment - think "network
shock testing" by a state-level actor (i.e. someone like NSA who has
pervasive network monitoring, and some link-level control) - so you
have say a juicy government leak, whip it up on your local Tor
'anonymous' web server, and the state actor, monitoring the
underground forum you happen to mention your leak on, floods your IP
connection with 100 tor connections, then after only ~3% of the
download each, disconnects those 100 connections simultaneously.
The immediate and corresponding drop in bandwidth consumption by your
particular mobile phone computer is noted, and thereafter you are
specifically targeted in other ways.
Being able to publish, and being able to publish pseudo-anonymously,
are different things, and pseudo-anonymous publishing will not be
removed from Tor, but please be aware of its limitations.
(If hidden services were removed, Tor would be immediately forked and
the current devs would lose their credibility, so don't worry about
that part, but frankly, that's the least of our problems anyway...)
Good luck,

@_date: 2016-02-26 22:47:31
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor for everyone; 
That's fine but should be achievable with a DHT yes?
- separate verification service
- sub certificates
- mitm
This model is fundamentally broken and asking for MITMs.
Why re-use such a model?
Why do you say you considered, but discarded, the blockchain as trust anchor?
Surely that's just an end-user app consideration.
This seems to be your primary gripe about keybase (from what I can
tell) - have you discussed this "limitation" with the keybase
developers/ designers to see if your concept might fit nicely into
If you have discussed, please refer us with link(s) to such
discussions - this will be important information for anyone
considering your "solution".
If you have not, perhaps you need to have a good hard think about
whether you are a NIH dope.
Again, please provide links to the discussions you've had with the
keybase folks about exactly these points you raise, so we can read for
ourselves, their responses!
This should of course also be raised with the keybase folks.
and this
and again
Perhaps keybase needs to be forked due to some fundamental
limitations? (it is libre source yes? - before this thread, I'd never
heard of either of these projects...). Perhaps the keybase devs are
aware of such fundamental "problems"?
"every site has it's own CA"
That's a burden upon site operators that will never be "widely"
achieved - except perhaps the large blogging platform providers,
facebook etc.
When a site can use HTTPS, users can create identities on the site,
and then users can use perfect forward secrecy with throwaway keys for
"ephemeral" communications, really, what does some new CA per site
actually provide?
I'm just not getting the significant value proposition or even
properly understanding your use case and why most people would bother
with all your proposed infrastructure.
Without a significant "value proposition" for the sites, or for the
users (and implicitly perhaps for the sites as a result of that),
who's going to bother?
But then I'm biased - neither do I understand the value proposition of keybase.
In other words they've delegated part of meta data protection back to
the user "you'll have to use a throwaway email account if you want any
anonymity in your keybase communications".
So you're building a messaging platform?
Or building infrastructure which you expect others to build messaging
platforms on top of?
So what value does it provide (sorry, I'm a slow learner).

@_date: 2016-02-27 23:25:29
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Time for p2p, content addressed, 
Mass Surveillance, Sabotaging Traffic
Perhaps someone can design something to counteract the CIA and NSA's
Cloudflare tool?
Evidently we need a better way to read our news and blogs. Cloudflare
is getting to pervasive.
Tor Project Accuses CloudFlare of Mass Surveillance, Sabotaging Traffic
 Tensions are rising between Tor Project
administrators and CloudFlare, a CDN and DDoS mitigation service
that's apparently making the life of Tor users a living hell. Tor
administrators are saying that CloudFlare is...

@_date: 2016-02-28 14:05:45
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Time for p2p, content addressed, 
Mass Surveillance, Sabotaging Traffic
After seeding your local cache with peers by doing a torrent download
with something like Red Hat/ Fedora, then afterwards, downloading most
"magnet" links works in relatively short time - i.e., your peers have
a DHT and/ or some built in (hidden to the user) search mechanism to
download the torrent file (torrent meta data file).
That meta data file has enough information to download the pieces of
the full torrent, and your peers all pitch in.
SO, surely a similar principle could work with web pages "oh, ahoy
there me peerrrs, I'd be likin' ta download them tharr web page
"no problem, here's a few" says one peer.
Perhaps need a O2D transparent conversion algorithm. What? You haven't
heard of O2D? Well duh! Aren't you in the dark ages - that's the
Open-net to Dark-net content addressing conversion, like duh!
Actually, it's more like:
- curl URL url-xform-dir
- git add url-xform-dir
- git commit
- return HEAD as the URL meta data hash
Then all I have to do is meekly ask my Tor peers "Hey yo! Like HEAD
yo!" and BAM!!! there's firetruckin' web page!!
You know, like BAM!!!!

@_date: 2016-02-28 21:56:08
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Time for p2p, content addressed, 
Mass Surveillance, Sabotaging Traffic
And with significant funding comes board seats; same as Facebook - a
bunch of "ex-" CIA and NSA guys jumped on the Facebook board once it
became clear Facebook would be dominant (over the previous attempts
like MySpace etc). The irony was, the person who did the research and
made a slideshow video with voiceover, distributed this on Facebook!
It was ironic that the bulk of sheeple didn't bat an eyelid.

@_date: 2016-01-15 23:07:26
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Saving images from TBB 
Sadly I'm stuck on gmail at the moment. Happily it works fine in TBB.
Sadly when I click to save an image from an email, that image gets
Is this latter problem a Firefox thing, or a TBB thing?
In either case, is there an about:config setting to override the
behaviour, so that I can right click an image and save it, without
that image being REdownloaded?

@_date: 2016-07-01 10:33:12
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Recent news stories regarding Tor 
You might try the cypherpunks at cpunks DOT org list.

@_date: 2016-07-21 23:46:17
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Project Corporate Document FOI Request 
So definitely not anything, --legally--!
Nope, you can make an FOI request of anyone. You can make an FOIA
request of any government agency and they have certain statutory (the
"A"ct part of FOIA) obligation to respond in a certain way.
Tor Inc presents itself as a certain type of entity, via its website and
other forums of communication, the statements of its employees and also
the non-refuted statements of the users, volunteers and other supporters
of tor.
This generates certain expectations in the "members of the community",
which align with my comprehension of the terms "freedom", "information
about the entity Tor Inc" and "freedom of information".
How much those in control of Tor Inc release in response to grarpamp's
"FOI" request, beyond that which they statutorily release to the public
already, is a matter for them, their courtesy, their sense of proper
behaviour, their desire to meet the expectations of "the tor community",
their sense of duty to disclose to this community, their personal
principles, their need to manage the fallout from recent events, and
their willingness to demonstrate certain principles which we in the
community clearly expect, including transparency, honesty, and trust.
Let's be generous in our expectations of those directly inside Tor Inc
meeting this simple genuine and frank request, and at the same time
let's be cautious and publicly curious in respect of any "no" responses.
As always, let's assume good faith in general and keep our communication
as constructive as possible.

@_date: 2016-07-22 09:57:34
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Project Corporate Document FOI Request 
As follows:
1) The "tor community" as we consider ourselves collectively, are under
the umbrella of Tor Inc.
2) As said many times in the past, and loudly proclaimed on the tpo
website, both Tor Inc, and therefore the community that has arisen under
its aegis, consider certain principles as foundations of our community,
and as reasonable expectations (and frankly, stated intentions) to be
achieved - transparency, privacy, anonymity, trust etc.
3) The term "FOI" hints at this "duty" we project upon Tor Inc, it hints
at our community members' expectations that this particular request be
treated -not- as a flippant "oh by the way, can I get a copy of all
these documents", but a little more seriously, to treat the request as
sincere, genuine, in the interests of the community, and that likely a
lot of us onlookers ("community members") will in fact be treating the
response to this "FOI" request with this level of gravitas.
So, it was not only an entirely appropriate term to use in this request
that grarpamp made, matching what "we" consider a "duty" of a sort, upon
Tor Inc, pursuant to its position in this community, but gave a little
hint to those who actually care about this community, who care about the
fallout happening at the moment, and who care about the truth, to keep
our eyes open and perhaps, respectfully, do our bit to support this
Why that cannot be considered eminently reasonable?

@_date: 2016-06-08 21:19:04
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / 
A very good question. Not many have answers, especially those who have
suffered in such situations.
Unfortunately "SJW" has taken on some denigrating meanings, since quite a
few SJW poseurs have popped up here and there and often times ended up
creating problems, which have in some online communities persisted for
An answer?
Fistly, identify if someone is being bullied, and second, if the target of
the bully appears strong enough to handle the "bully".
If not, or if you are unsure, talk with the targetted one offlist and
check in to see if they're ok or would like any offlist ear to talk to.
For the one who is conscientious, such communication comes naturally and
hopefully contributes to a stronger, all around warmer community.
Those who just love to go at it hammer and tong at each other, well,
perhaps sit back and enjoy the view, and if the view is too personally
distressing to you, consider Ye Goode Olde Kille File - it's not that
hard to change the view. I personally find it difficult to restrain myself
from leaping into the fray on one side, then the other, rather than simply
sit back and enjoy the view. I personally really enjoy it when individuals
are strong enough to joust back and forth, and back, and forth, then do it
all again tomorrow. Can't get much better entertainment.
Thirdly, if you feel that you personally are being targetted by a bully
and that you are finding it challenging, or really not coping, I suggest
saying less where possible and reasonable, and identifying one or more
individuals whom you consider would be receptive to you and listen to you
with empathy.
NOW, if you are unable to identify such a receptive, empathetic individual
within your chosen community, you are going to find it tough going and I
don't have much more in the way of suggestions for you, other than to find
a community with like minded individuals. Forums are not so difficult to
create these days, and if ultimately your version of a warm and caring
community requires moderation, you may have to experience that pathway in
your own little online community to discover how that goes...
Good luck

@_date: 2016-06-09 11:16:24
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / 
In this world, you're stuck with humans, as you find them/ as they present
themselves to you. You can't get around this little thing called
I agree with you. Some say "naming and shaming" is the way - I say naming
bad behaviour, publicly, is not shaming.
Naming simply says "Hang on, that's threatening, are you serious or
letting your words preceed you?" or "That's agressive and likely hurtful
communication, do you care to rephrase or retract?"
These types of public naming are very good, often useful, and I do
recommend them - should be on the list of standard possible responses I
For those who care, I think this discussion you are spearheading is very
In any particular "community", if there's not at least one other person
who 'cares', my default suggestion is move on, find another group.
I agree with you, and in hindsight I can see I failed to state the pathway
of naming the "bad behaviour" publicly - just make sure to not get sucked
in to your own ad-hom or other emotional type attacks, because then its
all over, you're in the gutter and no better than the purported bully.
I completely disagree. It's only a losing game when one of the individuals
involved is repressed. When all parties are not in the slightest repressed
by the vehemence, vitriol or other intesity of the 'conversation', then
the conversation is great entertainment.
Neither you, SJWs, nor anyone, will ever convince me otherwise. There are
actually people in this world who will take verbal blows from any and all,
in order to learn how to joust, in order to cut to the chase, in order to
(try to) identify bullshit as quickly as humanly possible.
It's a very useful skill to be able to go hammer and tong for a few
rounds, then turn around in the few minutes and discuss technical details
of some computer program - with the same person. That's liberating. That's
a sign of being able to handle your emotions.
Sure, some people, perhaps most, are not there yet. And warm cosy
comfortable 'communities' are just what the doctor ordered for those who
are unwilling to stretch such personal boundaries.
I heartily agree - and some people enjoy "vigorous" communication, they
consider vigorous communication not only "does work", but "works very
well, thank you very much, and by god I'll verbally crucify you should
dare to take my entertainment away from me".
And we have these incredible devices called computers and programs where
with the click of a few buttons, a whole new forum with rules, moderators,
mechanisms for joining and giving the boot etc can be had. That's amazing.
Anyone can create whatever genre of online "community" they think will
save the world (or at least meet their personal expectations of a healthy
community). This is an amazing system. It is available to everyone. Make
good use of it if existing "communities" do not satisfy.
And some people are totally ok with that. We cannot have all people on
this earth in one community - there's too many people, and most of them
want things just right --acording to their own idea of right--.
This idea that each "community" should be "comfortable" for everyone who
comes across it by chance or invitation, is a total firetrucking fallacy.
Humans are different, and value different modes of communication. Failure
to recognize this fact will almost certainly lead you into personal
emotional heartache.
Some people are able to find peace in being able to receive an emotional
personal attack tirade, and ignore it as though nothing happened. And even
more still, be able to immediately have a constructive conversation with
that same person who just delivered that tirade - as I said, to reach such
a space is liberating, but it is certainly not for everyone!
Except for those who want the personal lesson of learning how to not react
to overstepped boundaries. Without teachers (those who overstep
boundaries, at least apparently in conversation) how can I ever learn how
to handle such shit?
There are all sorts of people, and all sorts of communities which are
constructive, useful personally, productive and wanted by all sorts of
people. And we have the computer systems in place to make instigation of
such online communities essentially a trivial exercise.
It is so easy to be blinded within myself as to other people's ideas of
justice, appropriate or useful communication, etc.
When a genuinely good intentioned individual is lynch mobbed out of a
community, notwithstanding that individual's personal failings, then we
all suffer a tyranny.
When the "negative" type of "SJW" takes the ousted one's seat of
authority, that community is surely on a death spiral.
Choose wisely how you speak.
Good luck

@_date: 2016-06-09 11:40:52
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Jacob Appelbaum Has Allegedly Engaged in Sexual 
Cecilia, you are an amazing person, to transform the experiences you have
had and to be able to come to this conversation with the love and
gentleness - this brings a tear to my eye.
Thank you.
Truly, you are an inspiration,
much heartfelt sharing and insight from Cecilia,
well worth reading if you aint done so yet

@_date: 2016-06-09 18:04:33
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bittorrent starting to move entirely within 
Before I blinmked I read that as "first they came for the clearnet
torrents" as a riff on
Might be topical at this moment:
First they came for the Bulletin Boards,
and I did not speak out, for I had no need of gratis files.
Then they came for the Usenet,
and I did not speak out, for I had no need of wildly differing opinions.
Then they came for the time shifters and file sharers,
and I did not speak out, for I had no need of others files.
Then they came for the IRC,
and it still survives so still I have no need to speak out.
Then they came for the world wide web,
and I certainly did not speak out, for I had no need of porn.
Then they came for the napster, gnutella, freenet and edonkey,
and still I did not speak out, for I had no need of copyright violating
culture sharers.
Then they came for the clearnet torrents,
and I did not speak out, for I'm busy paying my mortgage and watching footy.
Then they came for the darknet,
and I did not speak out, for I had no need of whistleblowing.
Then they came for me,
and there was no one left to speak up for me.
With credits to the history of filesharing,

@_date: 2016-06-09 19:30:56
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Sorry Jake I know you are innocent 
Notwithstanding the veracity of the sender of the email you replied to,
your english is more than good enough, and thank you for being succinct,
on topic of the thread and relevant.

@_date: 2016-06-09 22:00:10
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] CULT OF THE DEAD COW Statement on Jacob Appelbaum / 
This is a valid approach. Where you have an individual receptive to your
position that you put privately, it may be "successful". If not, others
may be able to assist. If not, involve the whole community. If there's
unanimity against your view, find another community.
These are valid pathways of course.
Wow, I did not realise that pirates were not limited to South Cape and
Somalians. Or perhaps you refer to copyright infringement community?
Or PiratParty community?
Winning game yes.
Respect? Sort of - even disrespect/ vitriol can be brushed off as "oh
that's just his way of communicating" or "wow, intense, I feel sorry for
you if you really feel that way" or...
If you're ever unsure as an onlooker, I suggest actually asking the
They may even find your interjection useful you know :)
Let's say you, and someone you are on generally agreeably vehement and
vitriolic communication terms, have a verbal jihad against one another.
Right. So, if you do that privately, I don't get to watch and enjoy it do
I? That's what I'm sayin...
Probably. I hope my subtlety precedes me - you know, like the 'Dalai Lama
takes humility lessons from me' kind of subtlety...
Case by case, but I've been talking mostly about me as an onlooker. Though
I have been one to leap in (often to my superficial detriment by the way).
F*iretr*uck no! And no, it's not about hurting.
Think boxing - verbal jousting is less painful than physical boxing. I
take it you would not be one to choose to train and be a physical boxer?
Now, put yourself in the shoes of the boxers, who go to a match, like a
Fight Club match, and you decide to go there and teach them all how
fighting is so yesterday, and can we be robustly firm with a bit of arm
wrestling since blood and bruises really are too personal and
fact-oriented ok so just all you stop now ok and stick to arm wrestling
cause you know that's the type of jousting which is ok.
Good for you! Great to hear your view, position, belief, and even any
vehemence you might have about that. Say, even feel free to throw some
verbal knock outs my way if you wish :)
YOU may have, by the click of a few buttons ANY type of forum and
moderation you choose.
Deal with it, do it, or ignore it, but I suggest you stop pushing your
religion of "warm cozy politically correct communication where even
onlookers feel warm and cozy is the only true way".
You didn't hear me above (I spoke of being an onlooker and the
entertainment factor of that), and have agreed to the many and varied
pathways of dispute resolution.
Now go practice them.
Many learning pathways and experiences. Enjoy those you choose and stop
pushing your requirements onto me. I have absolutely no doubt you will
find huge numbers of enthusiastic supporters for your particular way.
Sounds like I'd fit right in if I moved to Italy. Sounds enjoyable.
Great. I think I'll pass, and leave you to the task of encouraging them to
change their wayward ways, hey?
Thank firetruck there are others in the world who maintain online mailing
lists they refuse to moderate at any stage!
Really, you need to start practicing what you preach.
It's even in Genesis: "and on the fifth day God created man, saw that he
was wanting of careful moderation of his speech with his fellow man, and
thus God said to man 'man go forth, create thee thy moderated forum, and
moderate!', and man did, and God was happy for the misguided but hopefully
fruitful learning experience and decided to have a day of rest to
contemplate the wonders of man's exercise of his allegedly free will".
s/do things/speak/
So saith the sooth sayer.
So many assumptions of certainty, faithful adherence to the ideal of
justice, the gospel of privacy, trust in those who by guile and or good
intention seize the seats of authority for the good of others, to only
may be discover after a decade of tyrrany the folly of their own false
Regards and, seriously, good luck - you may need it.

@_date: 2016-06-10 13:34:30
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] 
=?iso-8859-1?q?acob_Appelbaum?=
Those who had something real, and confronting, and not easy to say, said
it (e.g. the beautifully worded Cecilia amongst others).
Defending the presumption of innocence is hard when in the thick of
information and interpersonal 'warfare', easy and often glib when spoken
Would be nice to see a "the very foundation/ origin of this targetting of
Jacob now appears, prima facie, to exonerate him, perhaps the rest is just
slander, apologies for leaping onto the lynch mob bandwagon".
Sadly, humans are known mostly for lynch mobbing, not for such apologies,
and so rarely for standing up for 'right', presumption of innocence etc
when shit is actually happening.

@_date: 2016-06-11 11:45:10
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can we have less of Jacob Appelbaum here, please? 
A silver lining:
- the instigation/ relentless rumour mongering is on the record
- some who lynch mob showed that part of themselves
- some with some strength in the face of such 'intense' conversation
  showed themselves
- some with such impatience that "delete thread" and "well, may be don't
  read the emails in that thread" is too much effort, showed themselves
- for some (such as myself) some insight arose from those who shared their
  clarity on appropriate pathways of action in such situation
I dare say more than one individual has had the opportunity to do a little
mirror gazing, looking inside themselves so to speak.
Thank you again to all those who persist in bringing their best intentions
to this community, notwithstanding even ones own failings. We are human,
we fail, we make mistakes. Surely we would like others to have towards
ourselves, some due process, care, love, understanding, empathy and
opportunity to rise to the challenge of communication, reparation and
healing, in the face of our own failures.
I hold we can demonstrate love toward one another.

@_date: 2016-06-11 12:02:25
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Graffiti "rapist lives here" at Jacob Appelbaum's 
This is internet bullying, descended into an internet lynch mobbing,
descended further into physical net vigilante crimes.
The mindset allowing for such descent, and such crimes, I believe arises
from the not-handled suppression/ repression from our government organs.
When we don't handle the bully in our face (papers please show your
license, insert this piece of plastic into an orifice of your body so we
can verify your DNA^Bblood alcohol level, your bank account has just been
fleeced for your oustanding $3K of fines since that's all you had stashed
their and we will take the rest next time you pass, etc etc), we repress
ourselves. We have submitted to a bully, we have accepted by default
(tacitly) an injustice. We are leaving the problem to the next guy as
well, and to who knows perhaps our grandchildren. And the problem is, we
are not leaving the same problem, we are leaving a bigger problem because
the bully got a little bit more confident with his/her bullying.
There are state sponsored bullies, and there are individual bullies.
And the sense of powerlessness which arises since we let so many bullies
(mostly the state sponsored ones) prevail in our weekly lives, leving
these bullies "to the next guy", is a foundation which is ripe for YOU
jumping into a lynch mob!
"Oh look, a single non state sponsored individual who REALLY did something
wrong! Yeah let's crucify him! Crucify him now! I know the courts are
fucked and the police are corrupt, so we must crucify him/her NOW so we
can finally FEEL a bit of justice!"
Fact is, the foundation of a lynch mobber is one of intense cowardice.
The public cricifixion is nothing but a release valve, and the weak (non
state sponsored) individual target of the mob, pays a very high and very
public price for the cowardice of the many.
EVERY one must ask themselves, am I a coward? Am I not doing my part to
handle the bullies in my own life? Am I leaving the problems to the next
guy "who I'm so fucking grateful for, my heroes"?
When will I start living my part for the world I want to live in, which
starts in my own home, my own communities, my own country?
Or will I continue to cowardly leave shit to the next guy...

@_date: 2016-06-11 12:20:00
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Can we have less of Jacob Appelbaum here, please? 
A minimal "suggested handling of shit" doc that folks can refer other
folks to might be useful. Although there may well be multiple versions, as
different folks have very different ideas at times ... it seems.

@_date: 2016-06-11 20:06:41
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Please suggest domain registrats that are Tor (and 
The following may seem cynical, resigned and fatalistic, BUT:
I am Mr ISP.
I run a few boxen and my hosting service, with some hardware level
virtualization, to provide VPSs to inspired individuals.
So my web front end takes a credit card, or some bitcoin, and configures
and spins up a brand spanking new VPS.
The customer must have an initial log in to that VPS. a - I do an initial Debian install, and display the SSH key on the screen
for cut and paste.
b - I offer to receive an initial public key and insert that into the VPS.
c - I somehow provide end customer access to a "lower level" VPS
installer/ console.
Is there any other option?
Assuming option c, where I really go out of my way to maximise customer
trust in my administrative honour.
Now, if I don't actually have administrative honour, the files for the VPS
(e.g. when it's rebooted) or even the current live files (let's assume a
really radical memory-only "live Qubes VPS which dies on any software or
hardware reboot") exist at the very least in memory.
This is a unix system. The VPS files are, or can be mounted somewhere by
Or, I can just write a little memory scanner and look for the appropriate
location for the private keys in memory.
Here's the point: in a VPS situation, you are, absolutely, at the mercy of
the provider of the VPSes, and possibly to the providers of the data
Unless I'm really really missing something obvious about computer
security, your concern is a misunderstanding.
As in, SSH in the first time, and issue/ generate yourself a new key pair
- it's not hard, but won't provide much if any benefit to you. Your
administrator --always-- has root. And that's root at the hardware level,
well below your 'root' access.

@_date: 2016-06-11 20:10:34
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Please filter "Appelbaum"!!!!! 
Bzzt. Nope. Shouldn't happen, won't happen, would be rejected by many, if
it did happen it would result in a new 'uncensored' list being created.
Your humble opinion is noted. Not gonna happen (not that I'm a list admin,
but I'm pretty sure you'd lose a lot of the list if you did). At best you
would open a massive and endless ongoing debate every single time
something contentious shows up; this would destroy this list as I
understand the intention of this list.

@_date: 2016-06-12 10:55:17
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Jake Fan-Fic 
Well this is useful, it highlights how someone, perhaps more than one,
may well got their nickers in a real tight not over Jake.
And given that any of the below is true (don't know, never met the guy),
such provocative, bluntly sexual, tacky gutter "humour" as he probably
intended it (and hey, perhaps some of that actually works to pick up
chicks - I wouldn't know, I'm not a chick) and the fact that the initial
email/ story of the "onlooker" which triggered the lynch mob has been
shown to be bluntly in error, we do start to get a clearer picture.
Some people really would get a belly laugh out of the below - just watch
any MSM hollywood "comedy" movie these days for the level of humour which
evidently sells a -lot- of tickets. Perhaps Jake was practicing for his
Hollywood debut? Perhaps Jake a compulsive social boundary pusher? Perhaps
these lines worked to pick up partners in the past and really, as in
really really did not work with ja.talk/ dungeonmaster (strange that a
dungeonmaster would get perturbed with penis jokes but hey, perhaps she's
a dungeonmaster with delicate sensibilities...
What I can say from personal experience is that some folks take such
attempts at humour as a violation of their god given right to ever hear
only swallows and tits (two types of birds btw) singing from the rooftops,
and only rainbows and daisy chains on a sunny Sunday morning to ever
assault their eyes. Mild innuendi shall be regarded with deep suspician
and gutter talk shall be vehemently, violently if necessary, stopped, at
least when I find someone to do it for me, like I dunno, may be a lynch
What is useful is that this particular episode of presumed subtlety (not)
on Jake's presumed part leads us to consider how to provide genuine
processes for actual justice in the face of real or potentially real
crimes (such as rape, property damage or battery of a human by a lynch
mob). I hope some sincere thought continues to be put to this.
Secondly, we are reminded that some cotton wool darlings will and do cross
our paths, and we also need processes to handle the fall out from their
unfortunately tarnished ears. Freedom of speech is definitely not for all,
so for those who desire something different to freedom of speech, we need
ways to handle those types, ways to encourage them in constructive
directions such as creation of forums where they personally are the
moderator, where individuals can feel as though their feelings are
respected and that they are empowered to unleash their perfect world into
a forum with like minded individuals.
And I am reminded that those who push the limits of social sensibility
need a really really thick skin. A thick skin is a good skill to have, but
the pushing part can still have sometimes very serious consequences, as we
may be seeing here.
Looks like ja.talk is knicker knot's needing to be presented as a "clean
look ma I'm only presenting facts" account, where dungeonmaster is her
"damn, the truth that I'm a one disgruntled woman lynch mob instigator is
coming out, and I'm still so reactive I have to try another tack but not
disrupt my first account" account. All postulation of course.
Yes, justice demands accountability. But accountability may be all but
impossible in a lynch mob and so ja.talk come dungeonmaster has possibly
done the most efficient possible exoneration if there was any real
wrongdoing which may now be impossible to properly determine.
I've never met Jake, nor read any of his words that I recall. Until this
thread, Jake Applebaum was just some guy doing a lot of work with the tor
crowd, and someone who Juan probably bitched about (Juan, love you bro,
never stop being you, not that you need to be told :).  But seriously, I
never would have remembered even that.
Now, well, this lynching brouhaha is something I will always remember.
Along with dungeonmaster's knickers (may peace be on them).
 Never knot your nickers 'fore that bad comedic stops,
 For if ya knot your nickers with a public lynching mob
 you may spit a royal dummy losing clarity and the plot!
 But more, listen carefully my ja.talk dungeon dear! No judge nor jury, yet executioner be you,
 inciting others rage, from impotence to lynch mob they do;
 for the day may come on karmas turn,
   where the lynch mob turns on you.
 Anon.
As topical as ever:
(those dots are part of the url)

@_date: 2016-06-13 11:01:36
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Please suggest domain registrats that are Tor (and 
And here's a topical article if you ain't seen it yet:
Orome1 quotes a report from HelpNetSecurity:
Bitdefender has discovered that encrypted communications can be decrypted
in real-time using a technique that has virtually zero footprint and is
invisible to anyone except extremely careful security auditors. The
technique, dubbed TeLeScope, has been developed for research purposes and
proves that a third-party can eavesdrop on communications encrypted with
the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol between an end-user and a
virtualized instance of a server.
Bitdefender says the new technique "works to detect the creation of TLS
session keys in memory as the virtual machine is running." According to
HelpNetSecurity, this vulnerability "makes it possible for a malicious
cloud provider, or one pressured into giving access to three-letter
agencies, to recover the TLS keys used to encrypt every communication
session between virtualized servers and customers. CIOs who are
outsourcing their virtualized infrastructure to a third-party vendor
should assume that all of the information flowing between the business and
its customers has been decrypted and read for an undetermined amount of

@_date: 2016-06-17 16:26:44
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Food for thought 
Great questions. Thanks for being so constructive!

@_date: 2016-06-17 20:51:43
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Bittorrent starting to move entirely within 
Those are not grarpamp's point - as load increases toi the point where the
network has some actual "problem", this will motivate various people to do
those things required to actually improve the network.
The fed guys might be pissed because their little spy comms network has a
problem, but soon enough, those problems will get solved, be sure of that
Now, I would personally advise against something which would be known to
stress the network to the point of failure, e.g. changing a very popular
torrent software default config on the latest auto update to default to
Tor or I2P only.
But, I certainly do subscribe to grarpamp's position that bringing
at least a littl real pressure is bound to have some medium term
positive effects. These seems to me like logic 1-0-1!

@_date: 2016-06-18 15:20:34
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fw: FOAD argentina scum 
Hey hey, you've hit the big time! Amazing that anyone could even begin to
think that such eloquent discourse with yourself would have any outcome
approximating their own idea of "utility".
Epitomes of self parodying irony come to mind ...  gee, dunno why :D
 Methinks a button pushed doth fire,
 the evil oppositional ire;
 In rage foreseeing community will,
 about to rise against their ill.
 "Let no man stand with another!" he shout,
 freedom's fire, desperately to stomp out.
 But in vain they burn, their evil turn,
 plain to see for all who yearn :)
 anon.

@_date: 2016-06-20 21:00:24
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Debian Developer, 
Debian is not, and never has been, about justice.
Debian developer voting base has public foundations which fail to have any
separation of powers - just a single public "community" executive/ power of
authority, with no formal nor rigorous nor easy to identify appeal/ right
of reply/response process.
Debian is not about human rights.
Debian is not about justice.
Without foundations of human rights and justice, Debian fails
fundamentally to provide an effective --long term-- foundation for
effective community.
Debian is about their operating system/ software distribution and
packaging, and the whims of the developers who are the only ones who get
to vote on anything.
See Debian's Social Contract, which is all about (free libre) software,
its utility and benefits, and even their "3. We will not hide problems"
clause is purely utilitarian and software based, and has nothing to do
about humans, rights, justice nor ethics! :
and Debian's Code of Conduct :
Debian fails to have any of:
   -  due process
   -  separation of powers
   -  right to respond
   -  right to appeal
   -  ethical foundation
   -  principled foundation other than utility
And before you leap in with an excessively quick "oh, you can respond,
just send an email" - take notice, if it is not written into the
foundation rights, there is no such right in operation in Debian!
So take your false beliefs and read Debian's foundation documents again
before embarrassing yourself publicly.
Fundamentally, with only a "be excellent to each other" hippy ethos,
tyranny can (and I say in the long term shall) reign supreme; despots can
hide, well intentioned idiots can pave abundant roads to hell, and all
without realising their mistakes nor the years of damage to their hailed
"community", since that damage is predominantly unseen.
Debian is no friend to ethics nor justice nor fundamental community
building principles - nothing more than the grandiose principle of
Yes, "free libre software" is indeed more useful than proprietary closed
source software. You heard it here first.
Debian? An excellent operating system for a certain category of
individual. Just don't expect your idea of community to remotely prevail
within the "Debian" project.

@_date: 2016-06-21 00:46:35
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "But he does good work." *Appelbaum* 
"all"?!! Please!
Classic dichotomy thinking! "It must be saintliness or abject evil."
Can someone be human, make mistakes yet be constructive in this world,
attempt to crack open some mind prisons for individuals here and there,
and sometimes succeed, sometimes not reach own standards? Have personal
things to handle, learn, improve on?
Is a human who does make a mistake entitled to speak to it, or to remain
silent, or to have a space where genuine communication with aggrieved one
can occur?
Did you read "The Weaponising Of Social Part 2: Stomping On IOErrors
Grave"? If not, perhaps go and read it now...
You apply the rules you choose to apply, in your own mind!
Most of us are mostly in self imposed mind prisons, self censoring,
endlessly bound in dichotomies, failing to bring empathy (a common
Westerner failing these days), failing to bring nuance to our
conversation, just leaping on a black or white lynch mob train.
We HAVE to do better.
If you have facts proving the theft, then I agree with you.
If you only have a feeling, or assumption, or "well he's the most likely
one", then YES, that IS a violation of due process, due care to one
another, due consideration of the types of conversations and society/
community we want to live in, to create by our conversations for our
children to live in.
If you can't live the law, the law is not real for you. If it's not worth
living, then it is not true/ natural law.
You are binding yourself/ your conversation to an unnecessarily extreme
legal think.
How do you --want-- to live? Who do you want to be? How would you want
people to think/ consider/ treat you in conversation in such
circumstances, or are we really wasting our time trying to wear another's
The law should only be a backup for when people -fail- to live the law in
their interactions - "the law" that goes beyond this is mostly artificial,
against our interests, against common sense, and destructive of community.
Please, let's try to lift the conversation. Now is the moment. Now is YOUR
opportunity to live a higher ethic (by your own standard, not mine) - live
the highest you are capable of and it WILL make for a better world.

@_date: 2016-06-21 10:12:51
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Food for thought 
Juan, your endless poignant notes of caution re the tor project and those
who run it, now has another mighty arrow in -that- bow :)
Those who remain there and genuinely thought/ think they were "for the
cause" prolly have some serious soul searching to do on an organisational
humans level.

@_date: 2016-06-21 10:38:29
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Question for those who say "Tor is pwned" 
It's foundation design issues. And hardware level network issues.
The code is generally (in the public conversation anyway) assumed to be
"best effort, bugs fixed relatively soon after they arise".
Again, you will need more nuance than "has the code been audited" if you
really want a relevant answer.
There's a lot of research out there, and also logic and discussions which
are straightforward to follow.
Next, once you've done some investigation, you start to come across a few
interesting factoids of note such as:
- lack of network chaff is a fundamental limitation, and problem for
  privacy (for those who need it) given current known data collection
  capabilities of the "five eyes" - all network meta data, and there is
  evident (I'm not about to search the lists, but you only need to search
  2.5 years (the time I've been watching)) resistent within "Tor project
  proper" to making this particular fundamental improvement happen;
  - arguments are put such as "oh there are no studies proving the
  benefits of network chaff" and the obvious "we don't have a budget for
  that (yet) but we encourage contributions"
- persistent push back against bittorrent over Tor, including threatening
  offlist email attacks against those who suggest as much;
  BT over Tor would provide some chaff, simply by increase of volume,
  load, unpredictability of end clients, for example.
- just watching TBB's behaviour has been interesting - some days, when I
  open up say 5 tabs for 5 different news websites using the "open all
  bookmarks from this folder as tabs" function, they all essentially start
  to load simultaneously, but other days/times, each tab loads distinctly
  sequentially, which to my mind is a dead giveaway that my current
  on-ramp is part of some sort of profiling (read 'deanonymising')
- configurable latency randomization is another technical improvement
  which has been bandied around for years, and sounds easy to my
  programmer mind in practice, but has yet to see anything like the light
  of day
There is ample room for an alternate dev team. Unfortunately, the US DoD
are the ones providing almost all the funding, so they get to continue to
control Tor development. If you are a big funder, start a whole new dev
team, in a -completely separate jurisdiction (if that's possible). I know
of an apparently well intentioned and productive man who may be close to
ideal to set up and lead such a team :)
Also, fundamentally we need a physical layer network which individual
humans in their homes and offices, actually control - that is, shift the
entire network to a "dark fibre" concept, where suburbs have random
connections to one another, neighbours connect to one another with
ethernet, wireless and more.
If you don't own it, you don't control it.
If you don't control it, it --will-- be used against you.
This is a long term (say 20 year) plan, but it's the only long term option
if we want to achieve anything resembling a genuine network of the people
which honours privacy and anonymity of communication.
By virtue of our capacity and existence and by the blessing of our
cognizance of these things, we humans are with the right to anonymous and
private communication.
We have the right. I encourage you to work towards a world where many can
live the right.

@_date: 2016-06-21 10:51:12
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Food for thought 
Oh go on, he probably means "dive in publicly and make some formal
clarifications, demonstrating respect and understanding for the problems
that the Tor project employees may have caused and how we will do better
next time".
Juan - so quick to judge :)
Admittedly, the context of "control" doesn't sound overly promising...

@_date: 2016-06-21 12:32:05
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Question for those who say "Tor is pwned" 
I ack your thanks to Paul, and concern for him, and for the tor
I don't share your aspersions - certain styles of communication, though
brash, may be just what's needed by an individual who actually needs tor
for something, but is a bit too sleepy to realise they need to up their
personal opsec game.
Again, Paul thank you for the time you spent responding here. Really
In situations where great personal angst/ emotional pain are experienced
by one or more individuals, I think we need to show a little tolerance to
the need for the members of a community to talk through their
conversation, to engage with one another - and yes, sometimes this will be
rough and or very distracting to say developement and helping users.
What's happened in recent weeks is about as big as it gets. And is also by
nature pretty rare. I am personally confident that the list will settle
down again soon enough.
If we really want to separate public discussions and offtopic but
hopefully related matters, or to "control" these, the question arises: Is
the Tor project willing to host a genuinely "off topic and unmoderated
(barring statute law in jurisdiction of origin) with firm intention to be
at least in some way related to Tor" type mailing list?
If not, we need to know so that we who want such a thing can have it. For
example I subscribed to tor-talk in the understanding that it is
unmoderated. I would personally like to know if the Tor project find this
list (or perhaps another with a slightly better name to remind people it
is unmoderated and separate it from end user support requests) untenable.
Many individuals seek community, yet some of course have different ideas
of what that means.
And what humans need or find useful is another matter.
Thanks for listening,

@_date: 2016-06-22 23:26:00
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Design of next-generation Tor systems 
----- Forwarded message from carlo von lynX  -----
Performancewise it hardly makes a difference if you have a bit
of IP on top. I would guess TCP/IP buys you more flexibility.
To defy censorship all the systems use TLS to be harder to
distinguish from HTTPS. You can avoid that whenever you're
no longer running over the broken Internet. In that case
you can use UDP or even bake up a new wire protocol. For
Tor it makes no sense, as it depends on the old Internet.
gnunet already supports UDP as one possible transport.
UDP isn't as bad as its reputation. I've been using it for
cross-server notification for years. But when people start
having NATted and firewalled networks, it all starts looking
Feel free to publish if you think this is useful. I would
assume many already know what I just wrote.

@_date: 2016-06-24 11:49:25
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Reminder to stay on-topic 
And, any individual to be banned, when their posts are not outright in
violation of law or list policy, MUST be given at least ONE chance to
agree to "stop posting offtopic".
How can doing what was done, with no warning other than the general/
public "Careful now, we're discussing whether to start a new moderated
mailing list!" statement.
Seriously? This was an appropriate warning to all those who got banned?
And do those wielding this authority seriously think this will be
conducive to empathy with the tor-project, to a sense of "community" on
tor-talk list etc???
Even then I'd suggest at the least, ONE warning and therefore ONE
opportunity for the poster to comply with the demand thereafter.
When someone brings their heart to a conversation, in this example:
 - a woman
 - who knew intimately the accused
 - who says she found it difficult to stop crying at the allegations
   that kept pouring out from ja.talk postings
 - who spoke from her own experiences
 - who is an actual rape victim
 - who demonstrated a level of inner strength and courage to speak up
   in the face of an avalanche of public opinion (a literal lynch mob,
   whether founded on true facts or not)
And is treated in response with:
 - not even a SINGLE warning or request re her own posts
 - an accusation that she is a rape apologist
 - no right of reply/ response to the ban (the tor-talk list
   administrator personally kill-filed her)
 - no "thanks for your courage and empathy, but this is just too
   offtopic for tor-talk"
She was raped ffs, and she brought genuineness, her own reality/ soul/
truth, and Tor treats her this way?! Are the administrators out of their firetrucking minds?
Seriously, this is really, really messed up.
Except that somehow this tor-talk "community" clean itself up, or I'm
out of here - at the moment, your record is shameful, and damn, it
speaks for itself!
When a Juan brings his brash words, at least he has the heart to shout
When Cecilia brings her words, at least she brought her courage to speak
When Alex spoke out in support of Cecilia, and bared his soul, at least
he had the guts to speak his truth!
The rest of us?
Must of us? Fucking corwards!
Folks can create and run and administrate and moderate as many private,
semi public, and "public" private clubs as they do, with whatever rules
they choose.
Take notice, how you treat those who bring their hearts and bare their
souls, determines the so-called "community" you are creating by your
It is good to have technical forums, where non-technical discussions are
off topic.
But my expectation that Tor Inc was a direct supporter of freedom of
speech, open communication, whistleblowers, tolerance, "community" etc,
is dashed in the face of not even one list supported by Tor Inc, where
those who feel the need to speak their piece, can do so.

@_date: 2016-06-24 11:53:30
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Day of Action: Is the FBI targeting YOU?? 
At the point where the fear and oppression is such that we as
individuals are afraid to even put our name to a demand for our rights,
tyranny has well and truly begun, and the imperative to do something
about it is that much greater.

@_date: 2016-06-24 14:00:30
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Reminder to stay on-topic 
Taking out of context an "expressed suspicion" as a fact of name calling,
won't do you any favours.
"We gave you enough rope to hang yourself, and those who went slightly
overboard by my personal definition (at least until next week or
whenever I change the rules again) are now banned, without even a single
individual warning/ request to keep on topic, being given to said
Classy. List administration at its best there Boyce. Not.
"Arbitrary justice", which you might like to inform yourself regarding,
is where "the rules" are not known in advance, and no concession is made
to those who break the rules, WHEN THEY DON'T KNOW THOSE RULES.
Your choice to allow "three weeks of unbridled posting" created in many
of our minds, a rule which we all thought we were following - ja.talk
kept reposting media crap, we had a right to respond (or so we thought).
Your executive choice to ban certain individuals who "broke" your rule
(because they went three weeks and ONE EXTRA DAY (let's say)), when you
NEVER STATED to us your rule about "three weeks is OK, but three weeks
+ one day and THEN you will be banned with no right to recourse nor even
any right to request me personally to change my mind" is EXTREMELY
You have told us by your actions as well as your words (besides a few
other things about yourself) that you WILL exercise arbitrary power
over real humans attempting to communicate their truth, their soul,
their pain, their attempts to find resultion on at least one of the
normally -most- challenging and difficult conversations we Westerners
have to confront, rape.
Aren't you a bloody hero now?!!
Three claps for Boyce, dispensing justice and facilitating community.
Clap, clap, clap.
"And those who broke my rule in the past, are now kill filed by me, and
even if you genuinely want to join and participate and abide by my
rules, well who gives a flying f*** about you, this is MY list, and I AM
the administrator, and I SET THE RULES!"
Three cheers for Boyce, bringing real empathy and humanity to the Tor
project, making the world a better place, cleaning up unsavoury posters.
"Boyce, doing the Right Thing (cause he said so)."
Of course. As I too have said.
And we are now clear on your choice to exercise your predatorial right
to arbitrary exercise of power. Fascism in action.
How very American (hat tip to Juan)...

@_date: 2016-07-01 09:40:43
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Recent news stories regarding Tor 
I agree. But Tor Inc, and the so-called "volunteers" who run this and
other mailing lists, are choosing to not provide an uncensored mailing
list.  That doesn't match my prior expectation, but this is the reality.
tor-talk is about to be replaced with tor-users.
tor-users will be "lightly" censored".
tor-talk is going away.
One of grarpamp's links points to the tar trac ticket which explains all
this. The new tor-users list will be advertised to this list.

@_date: 2016-07-01 09:52:01
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor is anti-censorship software 
============================== START ==============================
"Users are dum" in this context is not pejorative!
It means many tor users these days, because it is so easy to use,
are not able to take the language as it is currently used on the tpo
website, and subtract out what it does not mean.
To be more blunt, these "dum" users are reading a lot more into the
terminology --as it is currently used on the tpo website--, than they
Average users who are competant to install TBB with a "yeah, I want some
anonymity" and a "great, protects us from traffic analysis" and a
whistle dixie.
Users should be reading such terms extremely conservatively, and with
many "caveats", and the tpo website does not help them to assume these
caveats, so these dum users make all sorts of assumptions based on
intuitive and --common-- understandings of the terms as currently used
on the tpo website.
That can, and should, be named as false marketing.
TPO website needs to lower expectations.
Common understanding of terms used ("dum users") causes assumptions by
these dum users which do not match reality.

@_date: 2016-03-04 04:59:38
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] does TBB 'advertise' the list of actual plug-ins, 
Since this is a significant privacy/ anonymity issue, and we are
generally recommended to not install any plugins into TBB at all, due
to these reasons/ problems, can someone tell us please:
does TBB 'advertise' the list of actual plug-ins (like I assume
Firefox does), or only a static/fixed list?

@_date: 2016-03-14 00:29:32
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] There might be someone who needs help 
cypherpunks at cpunks.org might have more posts and discussion you like
including general crypto and privacy, unless you specifically want to
talk tor.
Excellent is good :)

@_date: 2016-05-13 00:31:15
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] OT: Bitmessage 
There's a theory that the stupider someone is, the less it costs to
buy their corruption.

@_date: 2016-05-19 06:31:32
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] fwd: FBI Is Pushing Back Against Judge's Order to 
See that on sl4shd0t all the time - "market testing" "think testing"
etc - unknown entity wants to know current 'think' and potential of an
idea, just throw it up on slashdot and many people chime in, giving
away their best thoughts and insights to anonymous entity without any
thought to contributing to a specific libre project. Action is
important, ideas are otherwise used by those with money in our
capitalist greed oriented instant gratification society.

@_date: 2016-05-20 02:38:14
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] fwd: FBI Is Pushing Back Against Judge's Order to 
That's potentially inflammatory. I have not chosen to "adhere to
communication silence", I just raised some considerations, well, for
your consideration.
If you have some ideas, legal or technical or otherwise, feel free to
kick off a thread.
One of the problems here is people expecting other people, that is,
someone -other- than themselves, to have specific discussions on
particular matters in a particularly public way.
You can demand that other people perform to your expectations all you
like. But perhaps consider leading by example.
And if you have nothing significant to contribute, then perhaps ask if
you're just wanting to be entertained?
If you have some great legal insight for example, I suggest to you to
consider whether to plaster that across a public mailing list, or
whether to discretely contact those who can make use of it,
potentially to ambush the other side (in this case the FBI/ CIA/ US
Because frankly, we "little folk" need every bit of advantage we can
possibly get - unless you can personally pony up for some serious
dollar$, we certainly don't have money on our side!!

@_date: 2016-05-20 02:45:30
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] fwd: FBI Is Pushing Back Against Judge's Order to 
Hey hey! :D
- Self driving cars
-> self typing keyboards
-> pre thunked thoughts on TV
-> government permitted rights^Bactivities
I'm so glad everything's getting automated. Imagine having to somehow
actually raise a personal effort to any outcome in life ...

@_date: 2016-05-20 02:49:06
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [tor-talk] fwd: FBI Is Pushing Back Against Judge's Order to 
"Oh pick me! pick me! I know ... the people" (with apologies to Donkey).
At least it's not from the government, cause that could might possbly
be may be seen as a slight wee little conflict of interest.
