
@_date: 2006-02-04 21:22:46
@_author: Alan Jones 
@_subject: [Winpt-users] Consolidation, Differences, Overlap in Features, 
[Several Questions and thought all rolled in to one e-mail so please bear with me. Not directly related to WinPT but figured this was the best place to start]
I have long been following WinPT  .  I have always liked the interface, features etc.  The only thing I felt was missing was in installer for people that were not comfortable with zipping and extracting files.
At the same time with work I have had to use Outlook (& Exchange) so I have had an interest in the development of GPGol  but have not actually tried GPGol yet as there was not a good installer and it seemed like it was still under heavy development.
I see there is a new installer coming out called gpg4win  that is in development that has the above packages and others.  I am not clear what the current status of it is... Is it stable, usable, creating appropriate icons and system entries?
I don't know much about the gpg4win project, but I hope the installer gives a good brief description of each program  and allows the user to chose if they want to install all or a subset of the programs.
There seems to be a fair amount of overlap in features between all the programs part of the gpg4win project.  Can anyone delve into the details of what and why certain programs made it into the project and The old installer that some used had GPGRelay, but I did not see that included. Why is that?
What I would love to see is the universal installer that sounds like it is in development with a universal Keymanager etc.  Several of these GnuPG shells have their own Keymanager when it seems like it would be benifical to the user and devlopers if the same Key Manager (and other common areas) use the same code.  So that WinPT, GPGol, GPA, GPGee, etc all used the same common code and interface.
I know it may be out of the scope for some but it might be nice if the gpg4win installer also came with Enigmail  the Thunderbird GNUpg interface.
Sorry for the long e-mail, just wanted to get all my questions in one place instead of several small e-mails. What do others think of the consolidated Key Manager ideas?
I will be interested to hear about some of the other thoughts and questions above.

@_date: 2006-03-11 12:27:09
@_author: Alan Jones 
@_subject: [Winpt-users] GPGol part of Gpg4win 
I installed GPGol as part of the Gpg4win install pack and was confused
and discouraged to see it not working how I expected.  I don't know if
it was just a process for how it was installed, if I am missing
something or if the functionality is just not there.
My point of reference is Enigmail, with integration points that I really
love for signing, encrypting, verifying signatures, and decrypting mail.
After installed GPGol I had options to open up the Keymanger and it
opens WinPT's keymanager.... that is fine who needs 5 key managers. There was some interface into the menu structure for a few options, but
not much else.
I did not see options for when writing a message and saying ok sing this
one and verify that e-mail was actually signed by "X" etc.
Am I missing something?  I reinstalled GPGol though Gpg4Win but did not
see any difference.
Is GPGol actively being developed?  If so will there be new version
anytime soon?
Are there other products out there that one would recommend when you are
forced by Office requirements to use Microsoft Outlook 2003.
thanks for the help and info

@_date: 2006-03-12 13:51:03
@_author: Alan Jones 
@_subject: [Winpt-users] GPGol part of Gpg4win 
Sorry for the confusion.... I was doing some of the e-mail from memory
as I did not have my Office machine with Outlook in front of me.  The
e-mail was also a last minute thing before rushing off to do something
else.... everything one should not do...
See below....
This was not a problem.... it was actually a good thing .... just
surprised.. I had been worried that GPGol had it's own keymanager and
not every app needs it's own Keymanager...    Thanks for doing it this
On the main Outlook toolbar there is 1 new icon that is for opening the
Key Manager on the main Outlook Screen. I checked and Outlook says the "Open GPG Key Manger Icon is there and
that is it.
Under the Tools Menu is an entry "GPG Key Manager".
I did not see any other menu items.
If I go to Tools -> Options  in the main Outlook page there is a new tab
for GnuPG there for setting defaults etc and says I am running version
When writing a message I don't see any new icons or menu entries in the
compose window for singing a message.
When opening an individual message and reading there is a new entry
Tools -> Decrypt and verify message  along with an associated icon.
I have sent myself a few test messages from Thunderbird using Enigmail
to Outlook and Outlook is not able to verify the message, even though
that machien should have the keys.
As far as future features and design I might suggest looking at
Thunderbird + Enigmail.  They have an easy set of icons, configuration
options, etc.   Click, do you want to sign, encrypt, use  PGP/MIME etc?
Are you working on any new features, fixes that might land in the near
future for GPGol?
thanks for the feedback and willingness to work with me on this.

@_date: 2006-03-12 20:48:55
@_author: Alan Jones 
@_subject: [Winpt-users] GPGol part of Gpg4win 
Correct no menu entries no icons...
for incoming mail just one icon for Decrypt and verify and that is it..
Outlook 2003 with SP1 not SP2.   I will try and upgrading Outlook and
try again.
It would be nice if this GPGol could work for both Outlook XP & 2003
with most any service pack.
There also seemed to be a few more nice options in Enigmail and that was
some of my interest.
Will do... Who is maintaining the project these days or is it orphaned?
I looked but never saw a mailing list or discussion group around GPGol. I have been getting worried that I maybe one of just a few using GPGol.
thanks Again

@_date: 2006-03-13 22:00:17
@_author: Alan Jones 
@_subject: [Winpt-users] GPGol part of Gpg4win 
I upgraded to SP2 and then did a reinstall of GPGol and still there was
no difference in the interface.
I will try and submit a bug this weekend and follow-up other questions
to the gnupg-users list.
thanks again for your help.

@_date: 2006-05-03 21:57:51
@_author: Alan Jones 
@_subject: [Winpt-users] File wipe options 
For those that want may want more secure erasing another product to
consider is Eraser
it is also GPL
