
@_date: 2015-04-04 21:39:34
@_author: 17Q4MX2hmktmpuUKHFuoRmS5MfB5XPbhod@mail2tor.com 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Drop Zone: P2P E-commerce paper 
I share similar sympathies with you regarding the mantra, "blockchain all
the things." It is tiring and nearly always inappropriate.  Blockchains
perform some functions very well as Peter Todd stated: "unlike all other
forms of communication proof-of-work blockchains offer the specific
advantage that they give you very strong abilities to detect censorship."
Truthfully, if you do not see merit in this project or understand the
utility that The Blockchain brings here, then I would expect it impossible
for you to be convinced of The Blockchain's extra-Bitcoin uses.  You are
wrong in asserting that the accomplishments achieved by this protocol
exist elsewhere.  Such critiques are as substantial as asserting there is
no need for contraband markets at all since e-commerce platforms exist. After all, they do a good enough job of facilitating transactions.  While
the statement regarding what e-commerce sites do is irrefutable, the
critique misses the point entirely.
The need for contraband markets does not exist because humanity is
confused about how to transact.  Contraband markets are necessary because
of the risk third parties pose to transactions.  As such, simply because
all the features contained within Drop Zone exist elsewhere, other
projects do not successfully dis-intermediate inefficiencies interjected
into transactions by the participation of unnecessary third parties.
Functionally, there is no centralized service that has or ever will offer
a completely agnostic, persistent location where contraband of any nature
can be bought or sold for any reason.  The points of failure as they exist
today are those posed by the markets themselves.  The many risks that
exist during any given transaction are still worthy of mitigation and
optimization, but those risks are far less important than solving the
problem of centrally run markets disappearing.
Drop Zone persists on Bitcoin.  The layer allows for innovative uses of
the protocol.  One feature worthy of further explanation is the use of the
OP_RETURN.  The proposed use of OP_RETURN, as contained within the
protocol is to signal intent.  As such miners can set prices on
transactions commensurate with the risk that such transactions might
comprise.  It is not my belief that all things should be built on The
Blockchain.  But whether something ought to be "blockchained," will likely
be reduced to an economic question regarding the external risks posed as a
result of third parties and whether the cost of those risks justifies the
expense of using The Blockchain.
In the case of contraband, it almost certainly does.

@_date: 2015-03-26 05:35:13
@_author: 17Q4MX2hmktmpuUKHFuoRmS5MfB5XPbhod@mail2tor.com 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Drop Zone: P2P E-commerce paper 
I've been working on a new e-commerce protocol that's fully peer-to-peer,
designed for anonymous exchange of goods offline, with no trusted third
party, built on top of The Blockchain.
The paper is available at:
The main properties:
* Encrypted communication using the Bitcoin mainnet and testnet.
* Participants can be anonymous.
* Built-in Reputation controls.
* Contraband markets can be open and anonymous.
* Decentralized e-commerce protocol.
Drop Zone: An Anonymous Peer-To-Peer Local Contraband Marketplace
Abstract. Drop Zone is a solution to the problem of restricted sales in
censored markets. The proposal is for the design of a protocol and
reference client that encodes the location and a brief description of a
good onto The Blockchain. Those wishing to purchase the good can search
for items within a user-requested radius. Sellers list a good as available
within a geographic region, subject to some degree of precision, for the
purpose of obfuscating their precise location. Goods are announced next to
an expiration, a hashtag, and if space permits, a description. Once a
buyer finds a good in a defined relative proximity, a secure communication
channel is opened between the parties on the Bitcoin test network
(?testnet?). Once negotiations are complete, the buyer sends payment to
the seller via the address listed on the Bitcoin mainnet. This spend
action establishes reputation for the buyer, and potentially for the
seller. Once paid, the seller is to furnish the exact GPS coordinates of
the good to the buyer (alongside a small note such as ?Check in the
crevice of the tree?). When the buyer successfully picks up the item at
the specified location, the buyer then issues a receipt with a note by
spending flake to the address of the original post. In this way, sellers
receive a reputation score. The solution is akin to that of Craigslist.org
or Uber, but is distributed and as such provides nearly risk-free terms to
contraband sellers, and drastically reduced risk to contraband buyers.
Full paper at:

@_date: 2015-03-26 19:00:28
@_author: 17Q4MX2hmktmpuUKHFuoRmS5MfB5XPbhod@mail2tor.com 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Drop Zone: P2P E-commerce paper 
Testnet is an agnostic platform for the purpose of persisting messages
without value. Though it's arguable that some Drop Zone messages have
value to the sender and receiver, they do not have value to others and
persistence is not required. Further, it is merely the intent of testnet
that the network be used for staging code without the risk of losing
value. Using testnet for communications is a cheap, anonymous mechanism to
communicate. It is particularly efficient for mobile clients which do not
maintain an open channel with minimal overhead.
There is absolutely no system in place to solve this problem. If there
were, centralized contraband markets disappearing with user's funds would
not be a concern. Additionally, all of your cited protocols only exist
online. This solution would be intended for use in low-latency offline
transactions within a short radius from a user's geographic location.
Bitcoin is an agnostic technology. The Blockchain exists to
disintermediate the goals of all parties involved when passing messages
and value. Privacy is a feature that participants can opt into or out of.
This solution is designed to remove a seller's risk. In such transactions,
buyers take on no more risk than usual.
Reputation elements are represented in their discrete units. Reputation
should be implemented on top of this platform. The proposal suggests a
reliable, albeit primitive, reputation systems. It can be expected that a
once the discreet elements are in place, a more robust reputation system
could be developed.
Open Bazaar is not yet a working project, and may never work. Open Bazaar
is neither based on blockchain technology, nor built on The Blockchain. It
provides no protections from the risk of expressing messages on the Open
Bazaar network. Further, pseudonymity and seller risk is not a goal of the
project in the case that it does get built to its specifications. Open
Bazaar, while interesting in its scope, is not a solution to decentralized
markets. It is the expressed goals of the Open Bazaar project that no
functionality should be designed to reduce the risk of buyers and sellers
who deal in contraband
The simplest reason this paper is worth full consideration, is that it's a
comparatively simple solution that provides functionality that can be
implemented in all Bitcoin mobile wallets in very little time. Further,
presuming there is not an application that allows successful delivery of
contraband to your approximate coordinates, without risk to the delivery
agent, then this proposal represents a substantial breakthrough in
No apologizes for tone are necessary.
None was detected, and harshness is not inappropriate in any case.

@_date: 2015-03-27 21:43:57
@_author: 17Q4MX2hmktmpuUKHFuoRmS5MfB5XPbhod@mail2tor.com 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Drop Zone: P2P E-commerce paper 
As proposed, the use of testnet is a significant deviation from its
current uses as a staging network for value transfers on mainnet. Nonetheless, communication channels can be established over testnet in the
same way they can be established over mainnet: by embedding messages
inside transactions (Typically via OP_CHECKMULTI, though OP_RETURN is
prefferable).  The reason for using testnet over mainnet is the reduced
cost.  Persistence isn't needed for this function, so mainnet does not
offer any advantage over testnet.  Such an example of this usage is cited
in the paper and available here: Regarding the proposed attack, much of it is addressed in the paper
proper.  Contraband enforcement typically focuses on supply chains. Buyers have always been at risk of being caught by bad acting sellers. This protocol does not lessen that risk to buyers, but it certainly does
not increase it.  In your proposed attack vector, third party enforcers
are still selling the products to buyers for long periods of time.  Drop
Zone is specifically designed to invert the enforcement structure so that
supply chain disruption is no longer a problem.

@_date: 2015-03-28 16:18:21
@_author: 17Q4MX2hmktmpuUKHFuoRmS5MfB5XPbhod@mail2tor.com 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Drop Zone: P2P E-commerce paper 
With all due respect Mr. Dilinger, it is clear to me that you did not read
the paper.
The rebooting of the testnet is irrelevant.  These messages do not need to
persist for longer than ten minutes.  In the case of a testnet reset, the
devices would immediately detect a new genesis block, and re-submit
unacknoledged messages.  These communications do not use mainnet, so as
take advantage of the free communication that testnet allows.
Moreover, my reading of your critique would lead me to believe that you do
not believe Bitcoin provides any level of anonymity.  The criticism is
uninteresting to me since it is wrong.  Not to mention that no project for
which anonymity is a prerequisite would hold your interest.  Regarding the
communications, the protocol specifically calls for an encrypted
communications channel.  Obscuring the locations of those communications
will be up to the reference client.  If a wallet that routes through tor
were to implement the Drop Zone protocol, then the location of the
transaction location would be sufficiently obscured.  Insofar as the
testnet communications are encrypted, the content of those communications
is not relevant.  If you believe that all encryption is compromised
because of NSA backdoors, then, again, none of any of what we do matters
and all hope is lost anyway.
