
@_date: 2006-07-12 13:25:22
@_author: Abe Singer 
@_subject: Interesting bit of a quote 
A small, but very significant correction.  The law says "any breach of the security of the data," not "security of the system."
The more explicit paragraph is in 1798.82(b)
   (b) Any person or business that maintains computerized data that
   includes personal information that the person or business does not
   own shall notify the owner or licensee of the information of any
   breach of the security of the data immediately following discovery,
   if the personal information was, or is reasonably believed to have
   been, acquired by an unauthorized person.
And even though the code has already stated such, it further goes on
to define "security of the system" in 1798.82(d):
   (d) For purposes of this section, "breach of the security of the
   system" means unauthorized acquisition of computerized data that
   compromises the security, confidentiality, or integrity of personal
   information maintained by the person or business. [...]
"reasonable" is for a judge or jury to decide.  A lawyer's job is to do
what's the the best interests of the client, and in this circumstance,
make a determination of what will be considered "reasonable" in court.
And ask three lawyers a question, you'll get at least four opinions. (the
same can be said for security geeks).
But ultimately, what the lawyer is deciding is what's going to cost the
client less: disclosure or possibly penatly of non-disclosure.  They'll
often opt for the former to avoid the possibility high cost of the latter.
I've been on and around the pointy end of this stick (and no,
not any publicized events).  If unauthorized access cannot clearly
be substatiated, it becomes a judgement call, based on a variety of
factors.  Factors might include duration between compromise and discovery
(e.g. they've been on the system so long that we just can't tell anymore),
intruder activities, etc.
SB1386 doesn't spell out guilt or innocence.  It just provides a liability
shield for a company who complies with it, and spells out punitive
damages for failing to comply.
A company could make the decision that the penalty for non-disclosure
is less than it would cost otherwise, and choose to keep quiet and hope
for the best.
Better yet, go directly to the California Code (Civil Code Section):

@_date: 2007-01-22 16:57:34
@_author: Abe Singer 
@_subject: Private Key Generation from Passwords/phrases 
Definition of "very large" can vary. (alliteraiton intended).  Our userbase
is about 6,000 active users, and over the past 20 years we've allocated at least 12,000 accounts.  So we definitely have collisions in 4k salt space.
I'm not speaking to collisions in passwords, just salts.
UCSD has maybe 60,000 active users.  I think "very large" is very common
in the University environment.

@_date: 2007-01-28 11:42:59
@_author: Abe Singer 
@_subject: Private Key Generation from Passwords/phrases 
For SDSC, one file.  For UCSD, not sure, but I suspect it's (now) a KDC.
(Brian, are you on this list?)
I don't disagree with you.  I was just addressing your implication
(or at least, what I *read* as an implication ;-) that > 4096 users
was rare.
FWIW, the glibc MD5 crypt function uses a 48-bit hash.
also FWIW, salt lengths significatly affect  the work factor and storage
requirements for pre-computated hashes from dictionaries.

@_date: 2008-05-22 11:19:05
@_author: Abe Singer 
@_subject: blacklisting the bad ssh keys? 
As someone who is dealing with this operationally, we (SDSC) had already
identified what Steve suggests as the desireable long-term solution.
I would reword the requirement slightly to say that the capability of
sshd should be to block use of any key specified by the adminstrator,
not necessarily just the published blacklist.  I think that's what Steve
may have actually meant, but clarity is helpful.

@_date: 2008-05-22 13:10:23
@_author: Abe Singer 
@_subject: blacklisting the bad ssh keys? 
Ahh the irony, apparently Debian has implement just such a feature,
but as patch to ssh within their distro:
