
@_date: 2013-11-13 09:21:50
@_author: Alex Stanford 
@_subject: [Cryptography] HTTP should be deprecated. 
HTTPS can be a problem for CDNs for a couple of reasons:
1) In order to truly cache from the edge all the way back to origin over HTTPS you have to juggle certs at each PoP and track which certs are valid, at least in the CDN architectures I am familiar with. One trick we've used is to allow HTTP or HTTPS for static files on origin, but force dynamic pages to HTTPS - then the CDN caches via HTTP but serves via HTTPS. This implementation works quite well for us.
2) Certs are generally tied to an IP or set of IPs and applying multiple certs to one IP can prove difficult. So, CDNs assign IPs at each node specifically for a particular hostname in order to provide a custom SSL cert to a customer. So, a customer requiring custom SSL may thereby require dozens of dedicated IPs.
At my business (fullambit.net) we're working to overcome these issues. Our shared hosting accounts come with a dedicated IP, a trusted SSL cert, anycast DNS and CDN service included by default. However, this default CDN service is limited to a shared CDN hostname. This is usually not a concern for customers, and other CDNs offer the same type of deal (cdn77.com for example). It's when we come to custom SSL certs on the CDN that we start to stand apart. We only charge $27.99/yr for a Thawte 123 DV certificate or $109.99 for a Thawte Web Server EV certificate. The only caveat is that we ask customers to commit to at least 1TB/mo for the entirety of the year, at a rate of $39.99 per TB. We're also flexible in offering other certificates. ($8.79 /yr for RapidSSL, and we can do Wildcards too, for example)
My point being that while it is a challenge to offer SSL as a CDN, it is also entirely possible, and I would assume even more so for big companies like Akamai. CDN's and caching really shouldn't be part of the equation when it comes to HTTPSing the Internet.

@_date: 2013-11-13 16:59:36
@_author: Alex Stanford 
@_subject: [Cryptography] HTTP should be deprecated. 
Hi Lewis,
Thanks for reaching out.
I feel terrible about security and data integrity in America, but also in the world as a whole.
We have thoroughly explored Canada and Europe as options for our HQ and infrastructure. Problem is, my research shows that very few first-world countries are even remotely outside the reach of the USG.Sure America has the Patriot Act and National Securtiy Letters to worry about, but I don't think a lack of these options will stop the USG from obtaining data they want.
What we've done is bring extreme awareness of InfoSec to the table. Every step of the way we work to find the best solution using readily available technology. Is it perfect or ideal? Hardly. But we think it better to do our best than to throw our hands up in the air.
Here are 10 quick examples of measures we take that I could think up for you on the spot:
1) Isolation testing for shared/virtualized environments
2) Very minimalistic logging, and for very minimalistic period of time
3) "Scorched earth" prepared (whether it be a natural disaster or an overreaching NSL, we have plans on how to make our infrastructure disappear and reappear... elsewhere -- in far off jurisdictions if 4) An International staff that won't come to a halt even if my US staff was "compromised".
5) PGP email, private XMPP, SilentDesktop, TextSecure and RedPhone contact support for customers with severe privacy concerns (at no extra cost, just ask)
6) Privatized IPMI for servers (on a private VLAN and IP restricted -- not public, which would be a clear hole for the USG)
7) An owner who isn't afraid to stand up for what's right, even if it means personal sacrifices.
8) Every member of our staff is trained and tested regularly on social engineering awareness and resilience
9) Internally we avoid "the cloud" or at least always have a secure alternative and the awareness/diligence of knowing when to use which.
10) We pen test our own software and infrastructure regularly and have rigorous daily routines regarding the update of software and reviewing the latest vulnerabilities.
In short, we work to be very vigilant about privacy and security, it is at the core of our business. That said, it is not our goal to harbor criminals. In the case of a valid warrant (one that doesn't violate rights and has gone through the proper transparent process -- e.g. not an NSL) for a specific user who is clearly breaking laws, we will turn over relevant information. In these cases, we notify the client before turning over the information. It's mass surveillance and/or a lack of due (and fair) process which we will not participate. We see sensitive things like anonymous journalism, human rights activists, etc. as perfect use cases for our infrastructure.
We think that having trust in the people in charge of the infrastructure is more important than the jurisdiction.
Of course, our upstream providers (PEER1 [a Canadian company fwiw] or their upstream providers) could potentially cooperate with tapping of the pipes without us knowing. Our attempt at mitigation is making SSL extremely affordable to our customers (we have the lowest consumer rates in the world on trusted EV certs, at least that I know of), managing the private keys with extreme paranoia and offering managed implementation of PFS for clients who need it.
Could we provide more security/privacy? We perpetually believe so, and we're always working to make it happen.
Kind regards,

@_date: 2014-06-05 08:21:12
@_author: Alex Stanford 
@_subject: [Cryptography] More OpenSSL Vulnerabilities Disclosed 
In case this hasn't already been shared on the list...
