
@_date: 2006-04-02 10:27:22
@_author: Apu Kapadia 
@_subject: Unforgeable Blinded Credentials 
I came across the same problem a couple of years ago (and indeed  iterated through private/public key solutions with a colleague). The  problem is that you can still give your private key to somebody else.  There's no real deterrent unless that private key is used for many  other purposes, thereby discouraging sharing. But if that's the case,  there's no real anonymity anymore, since the private key is tied to  the person's identity.
I found that Chameleon Certificates had nice properties. You have a  "master certificate" that lists all your attributes. For  authentication, you generate an unlinkable slave certificate with any  subset of attributes. You have to possess the master certificate at  time of use to generate the slave certificate, so you can't pass a  slave certificate to a friend for later use. Then you just need to  ensure that the master certificate includes personal details like  credit card number, SSN, etc. to deter sharing of master  certificates. Note that the slave certificates won't have this  information, so this personal information is safe as long as the  master certificate is not leaked. Since sharing an attribute amounts  to sharing all your attributes, including personal information, this  property serves as a good deterrent. Maybe somebody else can comment  on the technical viability + crypto details of the paper.
P. Persiano and I. Visconti. An Anonymous Credential System and a  Privacy-Aware PKI. In Information Security
and Privacy, 8th Australasian Conference, ACISP 2003, volume 2727 of  Lecture Notes in Computer Science. Springer Verlag, 2003.
 Here's the abstract:
  In this paper we present a non-transferable anonymous credential  system that is based on the concept of a chameleon certificate. A  chameleon certificate is a special certificate that enjoys two  interesting properties. Firstly, the owner can choose which  attributes of the certificate to disclose. Moreover, a chameleon  certificate is multi-show in the sense that several uses of the same  chameleon certificate by the same user cannot be linked together.
We adopt the framework of Brands [2] and our construction improves  the results of Camenisch et al. [5] and Verheul [16] since it allows  the owner of a certificate to prove general statements on the  attributes encoded in the certificate and our certificates enjoy the  multi-show property.

@_date: 2008-08-06 16:56:04
@_author: Apu Kapadia 
@_subject: security questions 
An except from my recent blog post:
Now, this topic is not new. Bruce Schneier wrote about it a few years  ago [2]. Schneier says that he ?type[s] a completely random answer,?  but consider this anecdote: a colleague of mine uses the same  technique. He called up customer service once, who then asked him,  ?what?s the answer to your security question?? He said, ?some random  numbers.? The response was ?okay.? So picking random numbers might be  less secure than picking a realistic answer? :-)
[2]
