
@_date: 2005-12-07 13:48:35
@_author: Janusz A. Urbanowicz 
@_subject: [Clips] Banks Seek Better Online-Security Tools 
This is from European perspective: I do and couldn't do without it now. Most
of my obligations, from rent though auctions, to lending a friend a local
equivalent of 20 bucks are paid with bank transfers. But I believe online banking works in a slightly different way than in US.
Of online banking systems I've seen, almost all banks use two-factor auth in
some way (except Polish branch of Citibank and a bank that uses very broken
and complicated scheme where stored client RSA keypair is sent to his
browser ActiveX when client logs in with user/pass). Most common are lists
of one-time passwords delivered securely, or hardware tokens, RSA SecurID or
Vasco Digipass DP100 wih challenge-response mode used to verify
transactions. In those banks, if you have login name and pass, you can only
do non-balance changing operations on a account without the something you
have part; and you cannot change personal info wihout some form of out-of
band authentication (to change registered address user needs to send a form
with attached copy of national ID card, to confirm that or to reset lost
password bank calls user's preregistered phone number).
I can say I HAVE a secure link to one of the nations's traffic exchange
points (unintended job benefit), and I run my own DNS servers, so MITM
probability is reduced. I do not log in from machines I don't trust and own
(with one exception on own) and using networks I don't trust. Bank
statements come on paper or in S/MIME signed emails. I do not log in using
links provided in HTML emails.
Am I secure? I consider the risk of fraud using online banking to be less
than the one of paying with a VISA in a restaurant or a taxi.

@_date: 2005-12-07 17:21:15
@_author: Janusz A. Urbanowicz 
@_subject: [Clips] Banks Seek Better Online-Security Tools 
From my observation, the most popular standalone MUA here is Outlook
Express, with Mozilla/Thunderbird being a distant second place. Those do
support S/MIME, and the signature is verified properly.
Average internet/internet banking user  is more likely to use some web-based
MUA on a commercial portal, which in general do not support cryptographic
signatures of any kind.
The signature is issued using key Certified by Verisign Class 1 cacert, co
it verifies on Windows machines and in Mozilla-based software with recent CA
certs bundle.
I have attached signature binary stripped from one statement to this
message, in case someone wants to analyze it.
I do not have any hard data on MUA usage among bank clientele; my wild guess
is that it is 1/3 of the users use one of the above programs, 2/3 use
portal services. The signatures were introduced some time after the bank
went into service, so there was some problem to be solved with it.
This is internet-only bank with no physical branches around the country, all
communication with the bank is done via internet, phone and messenger
What I do not understand, is that the bank in question started
turing-encoding requested code number when asking for one time code to
authenticate the transaction.

@_date: 2005-01-05 12:07:35
@_author: Janusz A. Urbanowicz 
@_subject: SSL/TLS passive sniffing 
SQUID-s are not a 'Gibsonian gizmo', they are a real device, superensitive
magnetometers based on properties of Josephson junction. For more info, see
. I guess a better reference, instead of
SQUIDs, in the threat model you discuss would be Van Eck phreaking or its
military incarnation i.e. TEMPEST. And moreover if TEMPEST is called into
view, there are many other ways the information can be leaked, than tapping
CPU's ALU.

@_date: 2005-01-05 12:23:26
@_author: Janusz A. Urbanowicz 
@_subject: Banks Test ID Device for Online Security 
In some cases this also may be VASCO DigiPass, which is system very similar
to SecurID, only cheaper. This technology seems to be quite popular in
Europe as couple banks in Poland routinely issue tokens, both VASCO and
SecurID to their customers for online authorization, and the tokens are used
both in password generation (as described in article) and challenge-response

@_date: 2005-07-14 12:57:32
@_author: Janusz A. Urbanowicz 
@_subject: mother's maiden names... 
Some, like Citibank do. I have a photo on my VISA from them, but I believe
the photo is not linked to the account nor taken into consideration when
doing identification at the bank. When I asked about it, the answer was
something about that the photo is stored only by the credit card issuing
center, and not in the main system. Random peeking on clerk's screen while
I'm at the bank seems to confirm this - no place for customer picture in the
account info.
Sometimes they aren't allowed to do so, data privacy policy here says that a
business may not request or store any personal information that is not
directly needed to conduct business with that person; a national ID card is
routinely xeroxed when establishing an account and the copy is kept at the
bank, then the photo is blackened out; when the regulation came live bank
staffs had working weekends sitting with black felt-tip pens, blacking
out photos and other unneeded info on the ID xerocopies.
