
@_date: 2005-06-22 10:14:45
@_author: Allan Liska 
@_subject: WYTM - "but what if it was true?" 
It is most likely a hoax:
As to your second question.  There are several options available to you depending on your level of paranoia:
1. Run a personal firewall (assuming you can find one that doesn't have a trojan that talks back to the manufacturer:cough: zone alarm  2. Monitor and review all traffic that flows from your ethernet card using Ethereal, TCPDump or some other program.
3. Use an on-screen keyboard.

@_date: 2016-11-12 22:17:37
@_author: Allan Liska 
@_subject: [Cryptography] October 28th is now National Cryptography Day 
While I understand your point about keeping it close to the election, I would think any of the following dates would make more sense:
February 14th
April 30th
May 6th
June 23rd
But my personal favorite would Dec 31st as 1231 is the largest prime number in a Gregorian Calendar. allan

@_date: 2017-05-18 00:41:20
@_author: Allan Liska 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
A couple of things. First, there is a a really good Twitter account called that is tracking the three known Bitcoin wallets used by the attacker.
According to them, as of tonight, 275 people have paid the ransom for
a total of $80,000 -- that is actually a low percentage compared to
more sophisticated ransomware campaigns.
Remember, crypto ransomware, which is what we are talking about here,
does not lock the computer, just the files. The victim can still use
the browser, download software, even create new unencrypted files. So,
it is trivial for for the attacker to verify who the victim is. There
are a couple of ways this is done, depending on the ransomware family:
1. A unique key-pair is used for each victim. The attacker either
checks into a CnC server and downloads the key pair upon successful
infection or build the ability to generate key pairs into the
ransomware itself, so no CnC is needed.
2. Some ransomware authors have been known to include a unique Bitcoin
address for each victim, they can easily determine the victim based on
the Bitcoin address entered.  The guys behind WannaCry did neither of these things, which is why
there is almost no chance victims will get their files decrypted.
I have been watching
the news on the "WannaCry" ransomware
and I wonder if any payment resulted in a valid key?
It seems that the bitcoin payment step is secure but the delivery of
the key
via return message is the fragile transaction from the criminals view
of things.
A short list of rich payments might be worth the risk to keep the scam
alive but the list must be short.
The interesting tech here if and only if this was a "responsible scam"
would be  key management.
Identifying the correct key for the correct 'locked' machine has a
couple issues.  One is the machine is locked so any reliable ID of the
specific machine seems difficult to parse and since the machine is
locked a different machine must be used to make payment, communicate
the machine ID, receive the key and apply it to the locked machine.
Yes "responsible scam"  sounds oxymoronic at best a cruel kindness.
Well time to go update my machines, scan for viruses and make backups!
Also make myself a 'different' account with admin privileges and  may
myself a
goober account for interacting with the world.  Boot and recovery
media too.
What a pain...
