
@_date: 2016-03-12 10:04:42
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is Non-interactive Zero Knowledge Proof an 
In general, I think the term "Zero Knowledge Proof" is best understood  as abbreviation for the more complete name "Zero Knowledge Proof of  Knowledge".  See
Here's how we describe it in the documentation for our CredaCash  cryptocurrency (paraphrasing somewhat):
A zero knowledge proof of knowledge verifies a prover knows a set of  hidden inputs that satisfy a set of conditions given a set of public  inputs.  In order to create a zero knowledge proof, the prover must  provide a set of hidden inputs that, when combined with a set of  public inputs, satisfy the conditions determined in the construction  of the proof system.  Using only the public inputs and the proof, a  verifier can verify that the prover was able to satisfy the  conditions, but is unable to determine any information about the  prover's hidden inputs, other than the fact that they satisfy the  conditions.  In general, this is most useful when the prover is  required to provide inputs that correspond to the publicly-known  outputs of a cryptographic hash function, since this proves knowledge  of values (the hash inputs) that cannot be determined from the  publicly-known values (the hash outputs).  The zero knowledge proof  verifies the prover knows these hash inputs without revealing the  inputs themselves.
For example, the condition could be that public_input =  hash(hidden_input).  The prover generates a secret value A, computes B  = hash(A), and then publishes B, making it a public value.  To prove  it knows the A that satisfies B = hash(A), the prover computes a proof  C.  The prover then sends B and C to a verifier, and the verifier is  able to verify that the prover does in fact know an A that satisfies B  = hash(A), but does not gain any other information about the specific  A used to create the proof.  This can be used in the same way as a  digital signature, however, depending on the zero knowledge proof  system, the conditions can be much more complex and include one or  more hash outputs, each with one or more inputs, and the hash inputs  and outputs can be cascaded and combined using addition, subtraction,  multiplication, division, bitwise and, or, exclusive-or, one’s  complement, etc., and the outputs can be tested using comparison  operations such as equality, less than, greater than, etc.
In the CredaCash cryptocurrency, a zero knowledge proof is used to  verify that the sum of a transaction's input values equals the sum of  the transaction's output values, while keeping the transaction values  themselves private.  See The "non-interactive" part means that the prover can generate the  proof without any input or interaction with the verifier, and the  verifier needs no additional information to verify the proof, other  than the proof itself and the public inputs.  This is important for  example in a cryptocurrency to allow many users to verify a  transaction without requiring any interaction with the user who  created the transaction.  Most digital signing schemes are also  non-interactive, i.e., a signature can be created without interacting  with the verifier, and can then be verified without interacting with  the signer.

@_date: 2016-03-12 17:42:32
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is Non-interactive Zero Knowledge Proof an 
It would also be correct to say (and this might be what you were  looking for) that a digital signature algorithm is encompassed by the  definition I gave for a zero knowledge proof.  In a digital signature  algorithm, the public inputs are the message hash and the known public  signing key, and the proof is the signature which proves knowledge of  a hidden input (the private signing key) without revealing the hidden  input.  So a digital signature is a non-interactive zero knowledge  proof of knowledge.  It however does not include a richer set of  operators that can be used in the conditions or constraint equations  of other zero knowledge proof systems such as the Zero Knowledge  Succinct Non-interactive Argument of Knowledge (zk-SNARK) used in the  CredaCash cryptocurrency.  See [1] and the references cited therein.
[1] CredaCash Transaction Protocol, found at
