
@_date: 2002-04-08 11:10:39
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: crypto question - using crypto to protect financial transactions 
I understand the goal of allowing secure and anonymous financial
transactions via the Net. I'm personally very interetested in this,
although I must admit I am also a bit concerned about the social
implications if this becomes a reality (or when it does, since I believe
it eventually will). What I'm concerned about is tax avoidance, esp. by
wealthy individuals and companies. Nobody likes taxation (at least
personally :-), but it is still the basis for operation of states - and
while changes may be good, they are also risky. Anyway, forgetting for a moment the question of should we do it, let's
focus on the question of how we do it :-) I looked up Andrew's site, and actually there're not too many details
there (yet?). I think his initial focus and question was on the issue of
whether one can trust one's public key to the financial server, and his
answer seems to be, you can if you split the key between several servers
using thershold or proactive signatures (proactive schemes allow
recovery from penetrations of servers - and btw, this is an area
deserving more implmentation efforts, beyond what we did in IBM). I think there may be even more critical hurdles for successful financial
crypto services. A very important one is interoperability between
different financial service providers (the companies that keep your
money... E.g. banks). Most crypto-financial efforts so far focused on a
centralized model - one bank - and that's much easier to design, but
very hard to succeed. I've done some work on secure interoperability
among providers - it was actually the main feature of IBM Micro
Payments. IBM have also applied for patent for some of the ideas. Another important issue is the automated management of trust and
reputation, allowing customers to make (automated) trust decisions on
providers of services and goods (including both financial services and
merchants). Here I agree with Andrew that for many applications,
financial transactions should not be reversible (disputed), and hence
trust and reputation becomes the main means for consumer protection. Regards, Amir Herzberg
See   for lectures and
draft-chapters from book-in-progress, `secure communication and commerce
using cryptography`; feedback welcome!

@_date: 2002-02-03 09:24:44
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: Losing the Code War by Stephen Budiansky 
The `meet in the middle` attack works against double encryption; that's
why Triple DES is performing three DES operations with two keys. There
are some attacks also against using three encryptions with two keys and
against Triple DES (encryption-decryption-encryption). But the attacks I
know require huge amounts of chosen plaintext or known plaintext. In
particular with t known plaintext-ciphertext pairs, the known attack on
triple-DES requires 2^120-log(t) operations. I think most applications
can limit the amount of known plaintexts to a million; this means the
complexity of attacking triple-DES is at least 2^100, which is probably
sufficiently secure for most applications. Of course, using three different keys for the three DES operations (in
triple DES or simply in triple encryptions by DES) is expected to
considerably improve security. I think the edge of AES is mostly when improved performance (esp. in
software) is needed. Cheers, Amir Herzberg
See  for lectures and notes (draft
of chapters) on `secure communication and commerce using cryptography`;
feedback welcome!

@_date: 2002-02-06 17:34:42
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: Cringely ...or- long-lasting encryption - motivation for ECC?  
Eric Rescola [ER] replied to Eugene Leitl [EL]: Correct... and furthermore - this only dealt with transmitting the
encrypted (and signed?) will, presumably to a trusted lawyer (or other
trusted party). I would also be more concerned about the risk that the
lawyer/party will be  corrupted (by software or otherwise...) within the
50 years. Again the solution has nothing to do with ECC vs. RSA... This is a bit besides the original debate but let me quickly recall the
three main techniques I know of protecting such a long-lasting secret

@_date: 2002-02-21 11:28:14
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: theory: unconditional security 
Another concern with OTP and other unconditionally-secure schemes is
that they usually require limited number of applications of the key
(usually, use once). This introduces a substantial synchronization /
reliability / security problem for many applications. Notice that unconditionally secure authentication and signatures are in
fact used in scenarios where the limited use can be easily assured, such
as in online/offline signatures, used e.g. for micropayments and for
multicast encryption. In these cases, a `regular` offline signature
(e.g. RSA) is used to sign in advance (offline) the public key of the
one-time signature scheme. The one-time signature is applied when
processing online the message to be signed (with very little time). Of
course, the reason one-time signatures are used for these applications
is because they are faster, not because they are unconditionally secure.
Regards, Amir Herzberg
See   for lectures and
draft-chapters from book-in-progress, `secure communication and commerce
using cryptography`; feedback welcome!

@_date: 2002-01-16 17:38:29
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: Authenticating logos 
Eric said, It is a pity that logos are not authenticated by SSL and displayed in a
separate window. We've done an experimental implementation of a
secure-logo, as a special frame in the browser, controlled by a (local
or remote but in any case trusted) proxy. The proxy validates that the
server has a certificate for the logo; standard SSL certificates may not
provide this, but they can contain an address where the proxy can go get
the necessary additional certificates. If anybody is interested in taking this project further, I'll be happy
to help. Best, Amir Herzberg
See  for link to lectures and draft-chapters
on `secure communication and commerce using cryptography`; feedback

@_date: 2002-01-17 09:59:05
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: Authenticating logos 
Ron said, maybe an
Absolutely correct; but, why can a person make this assumption? Because
the legal system protects AT&T's right to the logo, and AT&T will invest
heavily in going after anybody using their logo without authorization or
improperly. A very important goal of secure commerce is to provide alternate
mechanisms in cyberspace. This is since when a hacker is using AT&T's
logo in her website, it may not be feasible for AT&T to sue him (in
particular he may reside in places where logos are not protected as
well...). Cryptography provides an alternative way to ensure `law and
order`, by making reputation a tool for both prevention (you work only
with reputable entities) and for reward and punishment (I'll give you a
certificate if I'm happy with your work, and create a web site about
your lousy service). Cheers, Amir Herzberg
See  for lectures and notes (draft of
chapters) on `secure communication and commerce using cryptography`;
feedback welcome!
