
@_date: 2014-11-14 07:47:53
@_author: Andreas Junius 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ISPs caught in STARTTLS downgrade attacks 
SMTP is a rather old protocol with a clear emphasis on research; therefore all those headers that get extended on every intermediate hop. The requirements for a message transport protocol were very different at the time from what we need nowadays.
I agree that SMTP can't be fixed, because the old requirements are contradicting the new ones. The darkmail alliance guys think the same and they are designing something based on xmpp if I got it right.
I personally think, that's not the way to go. Companies might have trouble to manage another port and protocol and an intelligence agency has a clear target to tap on communication. I try therefore a solution that uses REST via https: It uses end-to-end encryption for all parts of the message and additional encryption for client server communication. The advantage is that there is no difference between, e.g. online banking or sending messages. It's still not finished but it looks promising so far.

@_date: 2015-04-12 08:55:34
@_author: Andreas Junius 
@_subject: [Cryptography] German investigation says the NSA probably 
I can't read that from the article you mentioned. It says "...has found no evidence that the tapping ever occurred. ..."
Not finding evidence is a different matter than finding (evidence) that something did not happen.

@_date: 2015-05-01 08:04:24
@_author: Andreas Junius 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Trust in digital certificate ecosystem eroding" 
Many people claim theses days that the system is broken. But I don't think it is the system that is broken but some organisations don't deserve the trust they ask for. And that's the general problem with trust; it has to be earned, not to be assigned by another third party (like a browser vendor or an operating system manufacturer).
I think that is the link where the system fails. We introduced that system of third parties issuing certificates to allow the user to limit the number of certificates to trust (otherwise they had to check every single certificate). But there are now thousands of CA's and it is now nearly impossible to trust all of them as an individual.
I don't know how to fix that problem. Maybe it could help to make it more visible to the average user. There are many truststores in a system, e.g. for the OS, Java, different browsers and maybe much more. It could be centralised and the user needs a GUI that allows them to import what they really trust (how can we trust a computer anyway - different issue).
It's really questionable to have a browser coming with a truststore containing hundreds of CA certs out of the box from all over the world. I for example know exactly that I'll never need to trust TURKTRUST, because I don't know Turkish. I could import it later if needed. So, one means of mitigation would be to have different truststores per country to be delivered with a browser or an OS to minimize the number of trusted CA's.

@_date: 2015-02-08 13:12:03
@_author: Andreas Junius 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What do we mean by Secure? 
I think software is secure if it does what it is supposed to do, nothing else, nothing unintentional. Most attacks probably try to trigger some unintended behaviour using malicious (i.e. unexpected) input. Considering all sources of input for a program, it'll be a broad subject and it's obviously hard to achieve.

@_date: 2015-01-04 18:16:42
@_author: Andreas Junius 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
=?windows-1252?q?rything=3F?=
Not sure if that helps at all - the CA is an invalid certificate and would be expired even if the validity dates were correct. That doesn't indicate proper cert handling...

@_date: 2015-01-14 08:48:15
@_author: Andreas Junius 
@_subject: [Cryptography] simple codebook for passwords 
I think it's a good idea to help the user creating passwords (although I'm also sure it's too complicated for the average user). But I'm not sure if the system actually adds entropy to the generated passwords as promised. The first part combined with the second one will be a constant value and even the third part is generated from a known value.
Why not just using the codebook to replace any easy to remember password with the alphabet soup?
Relying on a third party to create the code card may also be a problem. Even if they are trustworthy, they probably generate all those codes on a computer that can be hacked.

@_date: 2015-01-14 10:00:50
@_author: Andreas Junius 
@_subject: [Cryptography] SSL combines two aspects of communication 
Hi all,
I've been working on a secure application for a while that is based on https. One of the problems I found with SSL is that it combines two aspects of communication, i.e. authentication and encryption. These two aspects have contradicting requirements. One of the requirements for authentication is that the certificate should not frequently change (most SSL certificates are valid for one or two years). And I think an important requirement for encryption is that a key gets not longer used than absolutely necessary, i.e. it should be as short-living as possible.
So what I did was adding an additional level for encryption underneath SSL (all at application level for a start). My server has two certificates now; the SSL certificate for authentication and another one that serves as the servers own CA. The server uses this CA certificate to sign what I call an ?encryption certificate?, that it delivers to the client. This ?encryption certificate? gets generated by the application server on a regular basis. The interval can be set via parameter, depending on the security needs of the application, e.g. re-generate after 4 weeks or 2 weeks or even on every request/session.
I did all this because some sources claim the NSA is able to crack a SSL key in about 10 days; which means they can then read all communication with the targeted server for the remaining validity period of the SSL certificate. If the key changes on a regular basis, their job will be much harder.
But the question remains: does this system actually add to security? What do you think?

@_date: 2015-05-02 08:05:31
@_author: Andreas Junius 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Trust in digital certificate ecosystem eroding" 
You may have missed my point. What I wanted to say is that there are now so many CA's that it is almost unmanageable. Therefore the average user stopped to trust these "trusted entities" altogether and "trusts" now for instance their browser vendor.
That is why e.g. Mozilla has clear directions of what to follow to get into Firefox' trust-store.
In other words, the user trusts a third-party to pick the right third-parties that we can trust...
This is not what pkix is about and this is the problem I wanted to highlight. There is trust in some other entity that has no mandate whatsoever for this, to solve a problem that wasn't obvious about 20 years ago when the system got introduced.

@_date: 2016-02-26 13:53:04
@_author: Andreas Junius 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Response to "I don't have anything to hide" 
Unfortunately it seems there is nothing that you can do. People don't feel
affected until they are - and then it's probably too late.
Here a summary of the German "Rosa Liste" history:
Someone starts to collect data in good faith and the data ends up in the
hands of the Nazis who finally killed people on this list in concentration
I told this story numerous times but the common response is "it's not going
to happen again". I wonder what makes them so sure. What might happen to
Muslims in America if Trump gets president?
