
@_date: 2003-05-13 13:14:07
@_author: McMeikan, Andrew 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email?  
I would have to agree that it is up to each reciever to do the censoring,
sadly this means net bandwidth is still wasted but some could be saved if
your MTA can be smart about what it recieves, this is all the more difficult
if it has to be sniffed to check for the aroma of spam.
If spammers find it financially rewarding to spam it may mean that they can
out bid your attention compared to some person who has not made it on to
your whitelist yet.
So it all comes down to filters?
If you are hard to contact, you are hard for everyone to contact, if easy
then easy for all.
Put a valid 1mdc payment cheque in the subject line and I guarentee to read
your email!
In fact just to reward you for reading this far down (so you must hate spam
a6c2 a microspend, valid 7 days.  I stuck this very small chunk of money here as
a previous post suggested that anonymous money was somehow either wrong or
impossible, its not wrong and it is possible.
Prediction for future: 2020, spam still majority of email.  Rumours of new
system abound.
This e-mail and any attachment is for authorised use by the intended recipient(s) only.  It may contain proprietary material, confidential information and/or be subject to legal privilege.  It should not be copied, disclosed to, retained or used by, any other party.  If you are not an intended recipient then please promptly delete this e-mail and any attachment and all copies and inform the sender.  Thank you.

@_date: 2004-01-05 15:10:53
@_author: McMeikan, Andrew 
@_subject: Difference between TCPA-Hardware and a smart card (was: examp 
Just some thoughts.
Let me twist that paragraph a little.
Hardware tokens are definately best for the owner, the owner will trust the
token (assuming they can control/load/program it)
Taking the goal of everyday people in the role of consuming desire to trust
their token they should then have full ownership rights (i.e. under the hood
control or choice of competing secure products), why then would anyone else
trust them?
1.It would have to be a nice open standard, not prone to attack.
2.Since it would be owned by the user it must be cheap to implement.
3.It would need to be widely accepted.
4.Not easily destroyed by a hostile transaction.
1- GPG signed invoice,approval,reciept process
2- tough, might get their if phones could do gpg, other options would be
cheap palm running gpg or gpg smartcard
3- not going to happen today, could be forced by goverment control but gov.
system unlikely to benefit people, but may cause black system to rise up
4- non contact, IR beaming, bluetooth, induction. Assuming public key
exchange, privacy is maintained.
Hardware cost and lack of public percieved need will hold this back.  Once
cost and need find a balance then payment processors will start appearing.
Sadly I only see this all happening only as a response to an oppressive
financial transaction law.
Terrorisim could be stamped out simply by only allowing loyal people to buy
food, in fact any undesirables could be stamped out in very short order once
money came under tight control.
Stick an id chip in peoples hands so their token only works for them (to
unlock private key for signing).
ID chip could carry toxin in case person proves dis-loyal.
It could be a simple matter to enforce such a system.
1.ban cash as terrorist/black market/tax avoidance tool
2.show insecurity of existing cash replacements (stolen tokens, lending to
3.mandate goverment provided solution with ID chip
4.each public key must be certified by gov.
5.anyone using a key unmarked by gov is terrorist.
6.combine with rfid's in all products to determine who buys items that
combine to indicate terrorism
7.activate toxin in terrorists
8.world free of terror!?!?
Such a system could be implemented in a few short years. World free of
terror by 2006?
The only danger to such a world of peace would be those who refuse goverment
signed keys and use their own payment provider and trade amounst themselves,
they would have to be hunted down seperately.
Did I miss anything?
This e-mail and any attachment is for authorised use by the intended recipient(s) only. It may contain proprietary material, confidential information and/or be subject to legal privilege. It should not be copied, disclosed to, retained or used by, any other party. If you are not an intended recipient then please promptly delete this e-mail and any attachment and all copies and inform the sender. Thank you.

@_date: 2004-01-06 19:06:25
@_author: McMeikan, Andrew 
@_subject: Difference between TCPA-Hardware and a smart card (was: examp 
stealable perhaps
most people are careless with secrets
This is the real bit, how tied to identity can it be bound.  How tightly do
people want to be bound.  In any abuse or failing of identity whatever that
identity was authorized for is going to be the *Responsibility* of the true
identity.  I frequently give out my true name (there it is at the top :)
perhaps there are times I specifically do not.
I mention this not to be difficult just to mention that the responsibility
side has not really been discussed much yet is the real driving factor for
privacy and security in the first place.  Identity theft today, as annoying
as it is could be much worse once everyone accepts a system as infallible.
Potentially a fake digital signature could be explained away as due to
keyboard loggers and trojans today.  That sort of excuse? will be a lot
harder to believe once some of the key is embedded within your skull or
body.  It will become implicitly non-repudiatable (however society
interprets that).
If the something you are is a picture on a blurred dirty screen barely
glanced at by a bored worker with a full que it will mean very little.  I
would love to see some alternative implant chips yet don't believe the
popular choices are up to it (DNA,retina, thumb print)
How can this be verified by the person who will become Responsible for the
actions of this key, how can it be verified that the key has been generated
in a secure way?  These are non-trivial for the designer and I would suggest
that in the scenario where the designer, manufacturer and government are on
a slightly greener side of the fence (economically) than the user it would
be infeasible to know its safety.
Call me pessimistic but I see collusion as inevitable.  My only hope would
be that lots of independent people start making these things.  If people
want them certified that will be an opportunity for free market to work.
People paranoid about deliberate backdoors would build their own, people
worried about the key being sniffed electrically will get one certified low
emitting, those who trust the government or their favourite trans national
corporation will buy (or get issued with one) from them.
I should hope so yes.  In a free world it certainly should, while separate
there is the hope that such a token is in the best interest of its user.  If
the signature is to mean anything and can not be repudiated then its
authorized user is highly motivated to keep its private key contents
private, sharing such ability to sign would be the equivalent of power of
attorney (IANAL)
Is there a need for the identity verifying authority to trust the presented
token?  If a person satisfies the authority as to their identity and gets a
'stamp' to say the holder is really this person then it is only to that
persons detriment if they give it away.
A fence adds both complexity and security, add barbed wire and you get more
of both.
Wish list.
Token small and handheld, smart card sized with IR, keypad and large display
area ;)
private keys can go in but not out.
can exchange public keys.
I am torn about rfid chips to aid the who you are.  The only place that is
truly private is inside the mind and as technology advances even that may
not hold.  Would I implant a chip to enable a key to be decrypted by a pin
only when in my hand?  No.  But I'd probably feel more secure if I had to
touch a separate id device to my token before it could sign.
When you consider how much leverage a false signature could have over your
life if it was considered fully binding then I would only sign with a key
loosely bound to my identity.  A key for spending within a credit limit, a
key for signing non-contractual letters.  A key for voting?
But I would not want a key for signing confessions of guilt.  I could never
trust that it could not be stolen.
PS: strangely this message is not cryptographically signed, any evidence
pointing to who wrote this is purely circumstantial, yet would probably
still suffice to lock me up if its contents were illegal.
This e-mail and any attachment is for authorised use by the intended recipient(s) only. It may contain proprietary material, confidential information and/or be subject to legal privilege. It should not be copied, disclosed to, retained or used by, any other party. If you are not an intended recipient then please promptly delete this e-mail and any attachment and all copies and inform the sender. Thank you.
