
@_date: 2002-07-19 07:44:16
@_author: Andreas Bogk 
@_subject: It's Time to Abandon Insecure Languages 
"R. A. Hettinga"  quotes eWeek:
Sometimes I wonder when the IT industry will finally learn.  Buffer
overflow exploits were at the heart of the 1988 Internet worm.  And at
least its author, Robert T. Morris Jr, learned from it and started
writing Internet applications in Common Lisp.
"Managed environments" are not necessary, it's enough to use a
language that's able to enforce it's own semantics.  "Managed
environments" are a lame replacement for actual capability-based
operating systems.
Actually, there are a couple of languages out there that beat C/C++
both in terms of efficiency *and* safety.  The International Contest
for Functional Programming has been won consistently by teams *not*
using C/C++, and that's not because nobody tried.
If we understand that C/C++ are bad languages, I think it's about time
to question the justification of using operating systems written in
these languages as well.
Modern compilers for modern languages are already faster than
just-in-time compilers for Java and .NET will ever be.
I'm involved in maintaining a Dylan compiler, and we can keep up with
C in terms if performance:
Note that we do bounds checking, garbage collection and dynamic type
checks, which C doesn't.
See  for more.

@_date: 2003-04-22 12:31:19
@_author: Andreas Bogk 
@_subject: DRM technology and policy 
I've spent the better part of my youth cracking computer game copy
protection schemes.  Let me tell you: bits are bits, and once you can
lay your hands on the bits, you can copy them.  The semantics of the
bits don't make a difference at all.
The only thing you *can* do is taking away control over the computer
from the user.  This is not only hard to do, but also something I
fundamentally oppose: it's *my* computer with *my* data on it, so *I*
should be the ultimate authority over what is going on on my computer.
If that breaks a business model that was invented right with the
printing press, tough luck.  Making a copy of something is no longer a
scarce resource.  DRM is nothing but a try to keep it scarce for a
little longer.

@_date: 2003-04-22 19:34:56
@_author: Andreas Bogk 
@_subject: the futility of DRM (Re: DMCA Crypto Software) 
In which case a pirate would of course attack the raw bits on the
disk. Might need some reverse engineering of the drive, though. A
class II attacker could even write a new controller software from
scratch, controlling servos and laser directly.

@_date: 2003-04-22 21:43:43
@_author: Andreas Bogk 
@_subject: DRM technology and policy 
I think it's time you get a clue too.  Back when the copyright law was
invented, the scarcity of copying generated a market for books.
Printers could sustain a business on it, because it was cheaper for
people to buy a book than to copy it.  Coupling the income of the
author to that money stream was just the most logical thing to do.
With the advent of digital computers and telecommunication, we
suddenly see the cost per copy dramatically shrinking.  At the same
time, we see a music industry charging ridiculous prices for CDs, and
a meager 5-10% of that money going to the artist.  People start to
wonder what use they are getting out of the other 90%.
Right.  In the P2P world, the only remaining fixed costs are the costs
of living of the author, plus a computer.
No, this is only sufficient, not necessary.  It would as well be
possible to view the work itself as the unit, and talk about recouping
the cost of that single item, without regard for the number of copies.
This is especially true with the marginal cost approaching zero for
the case of an artist distributing his music using P2P, or a software
writer with an open source project on the 'net.
You know, I have stopped cracking games about ten years ago.  It was a
nice intellectual challenge, and besides meant unlimited downloads
from the BBSes with all the software released on the planet.  I wanted
to learn, and access to that vast software resource helped with that.
But I had discovered open source software, and that's there much more
to learn than you can when given just the binary.  I got bored with
the challenge, and was no longer interested in binary windows
Over time, this became a conscious decision: I would not pirate any
software anymore.  If you don't want me to make a copy, I will make
copies of the stuff people want me to copy.  There's plenty of it, and
they deserve my support.
At the moment, both worlds can happily coexist on the same computer.
And I have full control over this computer.  If I had to choose
between being able to view certain content on a "trusted" computer,
and not being able on a free computer, I'd choose the latter.  Let's
see whose files will still be readable 50 years from now.
DRM would be just fine if it was a standardized way of marking
authorship of a document.  Just couple a digital signature with a
timestamping service.  Put a header field in it with the bank account,
and one could implement a "I like this, send the guy a dollar" button
in your favourite MP3 player. Charge ten cent extra for a blank CD,
and provide a nonce to donate that to the author.
It is *not* acceptable in any form where I need to give up control
over my computer, in the futile attempt to prevent unwanted copies,
even if they were legal!
I'd like to make a litte gedanken experiment here.  How would a world
look like, where perfect DRM were available?  These days, there are so
many physical copies of newspapers that it is hard to remove some
information from a back issue.  It's hard to modify past.  On the
other hand, with an online newspaper where it was impossible to save a
copy of the article, modification of history boils down to changing a
single file on a single server.  Orwell, we're only 20 years late.
Would DRM save your private data from falling into the wrong hands?
Certainly not, when the government can go in through the front door,
armed with the Patriot Act.
I sincerely hope that there are still people in your country that
uphold the values of this document.  You know, from the outside it
sometimes looks like the terrorists had already won: fundamental
rights like freedom of religion, freedom of press, right to due
process, right to confront and to counsel, right against unreasonable
searches and probably even more, are given up in the name of fight
against terrorism.  Or, even more appalling, in the name of Good
against Bad on the side of God.
But I digress.  I do not propose giving up copyright.  I merely
suggest that there might be business models for authors that work in
the presence of easy copying, and I insist that there should be no
change to copyright law that harms any of my fundamental freedoms.
Unfortunately, DMCA is already doing it's damage.  I'm afraid we will
see the same with the European Union Copyright Directive here.

@_date: 2003-04-23 19:44:45
@_author: Andreas Bogk 
@_subject: DRM technology and policy 
Sure.  But if somebody claimed that the newspaper changed, I could go
to my personal archive of that news source, and compare.
No, it ain't.  Go ask a librarian.

@_date: 2003-04-24 09:41:24
@_author: Andreas Bogk 
@_subject: DRM technology and policy 
Well, go look in your own archives.  Or in the library at the end of
your street.  The more copies there are, the harder it is to forge
They often archive printed papers.  And the reason for that is
documentation of history in public interest.  Archiving online papers
is a logical extension of their role in society under changed
circumstances in the Internet time.
Libraries that stock CD-ROMs already suffer from copy protection
mechanisms.  They can't make backups of the CD-ROM in case the
original gets damaged.
