
@_date: 2002-11-26 01:33:07
@_author: Roger Dingledine 
@_subject: CfP: Privacy Enhancing Technologies 2003 
We've extended the submission deadline to Dec 6 (firm deadline).
Also note that we will have a few (or maybe quite a few, depending on
further sponsors) stipends available for students, unemployed researchers,
(Please forward widely.)
                            CALL FOR PAPERS
            WORKSHOP ON PRIVACY ENHANCING TECHNOLOGIES 2003
                            Mar 26-28 2003
                           Dresden, Germany
                       Hotel Elbflorenz Dresden
                     Privacy and anonymity are increasingly important in the online world.
Corporations and governments are starting to realize their power to
track users and their behavior, and restrict the ability to publish
or retrieve documents. Approaches to protecting individuals, groups,
and even companies and governments from such profiling and censorship
have included decentralization, encryption, and distributed trust.
Building on the success of the first anonymity and unobservability
workshop (held in Berkeley in July 2000) and the second workshop
(held in San Francisco in April 2002), this third workshop addresses
the design and realization of such privacy and anti-censorship services
for the Internet and other communication networks. These workshops bring
together anonymity and privacy experts from around the world to discuss
recent advances and new perspectives.
The workshop seeks submissions from academia and industry presenting
novel research on all theoretical and practical aspects of privacy
technologies, as well as experimental studies of fielded systems.
We encourage submissions from other communities such as law and business
that present their perspectives on technological issues. As in past years,
we will publish LNCS proceedings after the workshop.
Suggested topics include but are not restricted to:
* Efficient (technically or economically) realization of privacy services
* Techniques for censorship resistance
* Anonymous communication systems (theory or practice)
* Anonymous publishing systems (theory or practice)
* Attacks on anonymity systems (eg traffic analysis)
* New concepts in anonymity systems
* Protocols that preserve anonymity/privacy
* Models for anonymity and unobservability
* Models for threats to privacy
* Novel relations of payment mechanisms and anonymity
* Privacy-preserving/protecting access control
* Privacy-enhanced data authentication/certification * Profiling, data mining, and data protection technologies
* Reliability, robustness, and attack resistance in privacy systems
* Providing/funding privacy infrastructures (eg volunteer vs business)
* Pseudonyms, identity, linkability, and trust
* Privacy, anonymity, and peer-to-peer
* Usability issues and user interfaces for PETs
* Policy, law, and human rights -- anonymous systems in practice
* Incentive-compatible solutions to privacy protection
* Economics of privacy systems
* Fielded systems and techniques for enhancing privacy in existing systems
                           IMPORTANT DATES
Submission deadline (extended, firm)           December 6, 2002 23:59 EST
Acceptance notification                        February 7, 2003
Camera-ready copy for preproceedings              March 7, 2003
Camera-ready copy for proceedings                April 28, 2003
                               CHAIRS
Roger Dingledine, The Free Haven Project, USA
Andreas Pfitzmann, Dresden University of Technology, Germany
                          PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Alessandro Acquisti, SIMS, UC Berkeley, USA
Stefan Brands, Credentica, Canada
Jean Camp, Kennedy School, Harvard University, USA
David Chaum, USA
Richard Clayton, University of Cambridge, England
Lorrie Cranor, AT&T Labs - Research, USA
Roger Dingledine, The Free Haven Project, USA (program chair)
Hannes Federrath, Freie Universitaet Berlin, Germany
Ian Goldberg, Zero Knowledge Systems, Canada
Marit Hansen, Independent Centre for Privacy Protection
  Schleswig-Holstein, Germany
Markus Jakobsson, RSA Laboratories, USA
Brian Levine, University of Massachusetts at Amherst, USA
David Martin, University of Massachusetts at Lowell, USA
Andreas Pfitzmann, Dresden University of Technology, Germany
Matthias Schunter, IBM Zurich Research Lab, Switzerland
Andrei Serjantov, University of Cambridge, England
Adam Shostack, Canada
Paul Syverson, Naval Research Lab, USA
                          PAPER SUBMISSIONS
Submitted papers must not substantially overlap with papers that have
been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or
a conference with proceedings.  Papers should be at most 15 pages
excluding the bibliography and well-marked appendices (using 11-point
font and reasonable margins), and at most 20 pages total.  Authors are
encouraged to follow Springer LNCS format in preparing their submissions
. Committee members are
not required to read the appendices and the paper should be intelligible
without them.  The paper should start with the title, names of authors
and an abstract.  The introduction should give some background and
summarize the contributions of the paper at a level appropriate for
a non-specialist reader.  During the workshop preproceedings will be
made available.  Final versions are not due until after the workshop,
giving the authors the opportunity to revise their papers based on
discussions during the meeting.
Submissions must be made in Postscript or PDF format.  To submit a paper,
send a plain ASCII text email to  containing the title and
abstract of the paper, the authors' names, email and postal addresses,
phone and fax numbers, and identification of the contact author.  To the
same message, attach your submission (as a MIME attachment). Papers
must be received by December 6, 2002.  Notification of acceptance
or rejection will be sent to authors no later than February 7, 2003,
and authors will have the opportunity to revise for the preproceedings
version by March 7, 2003.  Submission implies that, if accepted, the
author(s) agree to publish in the proceedings and to sign a standard
Springer copyright release, and also that an author of the paper will
present it at the workshop. Final versions (due after the workshop) need
to comply with the instructions for authors made available by Springer.

@_date: 2003-02-10 13:45:23
@_author: Roger Dingledine 
@_subject: PET2003 (Mar 26-28) accepted papers 
The following papers have been accepted for presentation and publication
at the 3rd Privacy Enhancing Technologies workshop, in Dresden Mar 26-28
this year. In addition, there will be several invited talks and/or panels.
Please forward this mail to other relevant lists.
See  for more details, including the rapidly
approaching deadlines for stipends (February 16 -- available to
non-authors too!) and registration (February 20).
  "Mix-networks with Restricted Routes"
  George Danezis
  "Generalising Mixes"
  Claudia Diaz, Andrei Serjantov
  "Modelling Unlinkability"
  Sandra Steinbrecher and Stefan K\"opsell
  "Metrics for Traffic Analysis Prevention"
  Richard E. Newman, Ira S. Moskowitz, Paul Syverson, Andrei Serjantov
  "Breaking and Mending Resilient Mix-nets"
  Lan Nguyen, Rei Safavi-Naini
  "Improving Onion Notation"
  Richard Clayton
  "Engineering Privacy in Public: Confounding Face Recognition"
  James Alexander and Jonathan Smith
  "From Privacy Legislation to Interface Design: Implementing
  Information Privacy in Human-Computer Interactions"
  Andrew S. Patrick, Stephen Kenny
  "Defeating Web Censorship with Untrusted Messenger Discovery"
  Nick Feamster, Magdalena Balazinska, Winston Wang, Hari Balakrishnan,
  David Karger
  "GAP -- Practical anonymous networking"
  Krista Bennett, Christian Grothoff
  "An Analysis of GNUnet and the Implications for Anonymous,
  Censorship-Resistant Networks"
  Dennis K\"ugler
  "A Component Architecture for Dynamically Managing Privacy Constraints
  in Personalized Web-based Systems"
  Alfred Kobsa
  "Privacy in Enterprise Identity Federation: Policies for Liberty Single
  Signon"
  Birgit Pfitzmann
  "From P3P to Data Licenses"
  Yuh-Jzer Joung

@_date: 2003-05-27 15:21:07
@_author: Roger Dingledine 
@_subject: Anonymity Bibliography site 
Check out  (and topic.html and
author.html) and tell me if it's useful to you. Also send me bibtex
entries for your favorite papers that I've missed, and/or corrections
to the ones that are up there.
My goal is to set up something we can point at for people new to the field
(and most of us are still new to the field, it seems), so they know which
papers to look at to get up to speed. The ones I particularly recommend
have boxes around them.
