
@_date: 2007-12-18 18:48:58
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: crypto class design 
While there are many different ways to approach encryption
and decryption of sensitive data, you may want to consider
how you plan to manage the encryption keys before you go
down this path.
It sounds like you are establishing the foundation of a class
library for a large financial organization.  Not having an
enterprise-class key-management system can prove to be their
downfall, no matter how efficiently you encrypt/decrypt data.
I would encourage you to look at an effort at OASIS that is
standardizing on a Symmetric Key Services Markup Language
(SKSML) for acquiring key-management services from an
Enterprise Key Management Infrastructure (EKMI):
Not only does this Technical Committee have the support of
Visa, the US Dept. of Defense, Wells Fargo, Red Hat and 28
other companies/individuals, this schema is also going to be
supported by the IEEE 1619.3 Working Group that is creating
a key-management protocol for storage devices (see the list
of Announcements on the OASIS web-page for how they will
integrate to an EKMI).
An open-source implementation of SKSML is available at
 with an example application that
shows column-level encryption of - interestingly - credit
card numbers in an RDBMS.
The open-source implementation is based on Java; if you need
C/C++, you can either choose to create your own client library
that implements SKSML (and use the open-source SKMS for the
server) or contact me privately for an alternative solution.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2007-12-19 21:38:26
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: crypto class design 
I think you would be doing the crypto community a huge public
service by publishing the ~4 page section, Ian.  Personally,
I prefer your 3-sentence disclaimer. :-)
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
  I personally have a boilerplate risk disclosure section

@_date: 2007-12-26 10:02:21
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: 2008: The year of hack the vote? 
The usual excuse, Dan: ignorance.
Those of us who know how companies maintain the security
of their systems minimize the use of, or eschew, such
sites.  We also always ask for an Absentee (paper) ballot
in places where electronic voting is the only choice at
the polling booth.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2007-11-12 16:18:25
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: [Fwd: ISACA to Host an Enterprise Key Management Infrastructure Workshop] 
A reminder of the Enterise Key Management Infrastructure (EKMI)
Workshop on November 15th in San Francisco.  Thanks.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
-------- Original Message --------
EKMI TC,
The San Francisco ISACA chapter is pleased to announce the opening of
registration for the ?Enterprise Key Management Infrastructure Workshop"
to be held at the Hotel Nikko (222 Mason St., SF) on Thursday, November
15.  This will be a morning session, breakfast followed by the workshop
until noon. We're exploring now the possibility of extending the session
into the afternoon for an optional hands-on exercise.  [This is now
confirmed.  It is optional, and those interested in staying for the lab
session must bring their own laptop to perform the exercise.  The laptop
must have either Windows XP or Linux with at least 512MB of memory and
2GB of free disk space.]
I hope you can attend and encourage your collogues to do the same. More
information can be found at Mike Nelson, CAP, CISA, CISM, CISSP, ITIL
mnelson at securenet-technologies.com or mrfisma at gmail.com
 or blog: mrfisma.com

@_date: 2007-10-08 09:47:50
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Full Disk Encryption solutions selected for US Government use 
We submitted a letter to the Program Manager, that while they RFP
was asking for an FDE solution, they really needed to focus on Key
Management across the agency, rather than the actual encryption
solution itself, before they deployed any encryption product.  We proposed our open-source Symmetric Key Management System (SKMS) software - StrongKey - as a solution since it includes utilities to perform file, directory and column-level database encryption using FIPS-certified tokens: smartcards, HSMs and software modules (NSS).
Given that the solution we proposed was OSS, that it could leverage
any FIPS-certified token through their published JCE/PKCS11 library,
and that the StrongKey protocol is winding its way through OASIS towards becoming the Symmetric Key Services Markup Language (SKSML) with the support of 33 companies/individuals including the DoD, we believed that this solution was optimal for the government from many different points of view.
However, because the RFP was narrowly written for FDE products only,
our submission was not accepted.  That's life in the Federal
procurement lane.... they think they're buying a state of the art
security solution and they don't realize that the state of the art
has already shifted under their feet.  Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
----- Original Message -----
On Mon, 18 Jun 2007 22:57:36 -0700
Out of curiousity, are any open source FDE products being evaluated?

@_date: 2007-10-08 13:16:18
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Full Disk Encryption solutions selected for US Government use 
ALL the solutions include a KMS.  They all must, because encryption keys
must be generated, escrowed, recovered, managed, policies defined, etc.
for any encryption to work.
And *that* is the problem - each of the KMSs is implemented in the vendors own design, using the vendor's proprietary API and protocol.
Since the DAR RFP finally settled on 9 different FDE solutions, the end-result is that the agencies must now manage nine different KMSs and deal with all that that entails: 9 different KMS implementations,
9 different operating procedures, 9 different training sessions, 9 different audits, and on and on...
In reality, the agencies are probably going to have to manage more than
9 KMS, because the RFP did not address encryption of databases, devices
(other than disks) and application data that is not persisted to disk.
And that is the precise problem that StrongKey addresses.  It is a single
enterprise-wide symmetric key-management system (SKMS) that provides an
open-source API for any application to integrate, and a potential OASIS
protocol that can work in most environments and platforms.  Our design
goal for StrongKey was that it must function like DNS or DHCP - a centralized server environment that defines and manages all KM functions
and a single library on the client to handle requests for any application
on the client while using an industry-standard protocol to get KM services from the server, securely.
Even the IEEE 1619.3 WG has recognized the importance of integrating their KM protocol for storage devices into an Enterprise Key Management Infrastructure (EKMI) and has carved out a name-space within its protocol for the OASIS work.
WRT transparency, StrongKey provides key-management services - not FDE - unless an OS driver integrated the StrongKey API or the SKSML protocol.  The open-source implementation provides file, directory and column-level database encryption - but does not perform any of this automatically unless the application has integrated the Symmetric Key Client Library (SKCL) into
While the standard response to this statement is - "applications will never
get modified to perform encryption and that all customers want automatic
and transparent encryption/decryption at the storage layer", our contention is that once you automatically encrypt/decrypt at the disk-drive layer, the attackers will just move up one layer above the application/OS stack and read-off the plaintext (see slides 21 and 22 for graphics) as the disk-drive
decrypts it for them.  Customers will then need to encrypt at a higher-layer
to protect data agin:
Customers need to protect data - but they do not need to address the same
problem more than once.  Encrypting at the disk-firmware layer is a short-
term solution that will diminish in protection-value very quickly.  Until
the data is encrypted/decrypted in the final application that uses it, attackers will keep moving up the application stack.  Note that this does not mean that encryption-enabled applications are
invulnerable to attacks; all it means is that the attack-surface has now
been reduced to a minimum and that developers/security professionals can
focus their energy on protecting the area that matters most - the actual
applications that use sensitive data.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Monday, October 8, 2007 11:52:28 AM (GMT-0800) America/Los_Angeles
Some of the solutions already include a KMS. One of the key
requirements of this particular RFP was "Transparency". Can you please
elaborate more on how StrongKey KMS would have improved on

@_date: 2008-04-16 20:42:02
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Levels of security according to the easiness to steel biometric 
A paper was presented at the NIST/OASIS-sponsored IDtrust
conference in Gaithersburg, MD last month, that attempts
to start quantifying how authentication technology can be
graded based on their ability to resist attacks.  The
paper - Identity Protection Factor (IPF) - and all others
from the conference are available at:
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-04-22 13:00:54
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: [Fwd: Secure Server e-Cert & Developer e-Cert. Comerica TM Connect 
This may be the first phishing e-mail I've seen that uses
a message related to digital certificates for attacking the
client; I am not a customer of Comerica.
Has anyone else seen this before?
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
-------- Original Message --------
Comerica TM Connect Web Bank Renewal
Certificate Renewal
Personal (Smartcard) e-Cert & Personal e-Cert
Certificate owner must renew the certificate before expiry date.
Your certificate expiration date - 1may 2008.
The system will send email (Certificate Renewal Notice) to the
certificate owner ten
days and 3 hours before the certificate is due to expire, if it has not
been renewed.
Upon receiving the renewal notice, certificate owner is required to
connect to
Comerica Bank Certificate Management System and present the client
Secure Server e-Cert & Developer e-Cert
Certificate owner has the responsibility to renew the certificate before
expiry date.
Successful renewed application will receive an email notification from
Comerica Bank.
Applicant can just browse to the URL stated in the email and then
download the certificate.
Download now>>
2008 Comerica Treasury Management Connect Web (SM) Version 4.2

@_date: 2008-04-22 13:45:12
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: [Fwd: Secure Server e-Cert & Developer e-Cert. Comerica TM Connect 
Had to remove the link so it would get past the spam-filters;
apologies if you see multiple postings.

@_date: 2008-04-30 15:36:28
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Microsoft COFEE 
============================== START ==============================
It can be "ordered to decrypt system passwords"???  So, I wonder
what attackers can do with this...
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
"Microsoft revealed its development of a digital forensic analysis toolkit at a security conference yesterday as part of a wider discussion of how technology can be used to fight crime. The Computer Online Forensic Evidence Extractor, or COFEE for short, is a USB thumb drive that contains software capable of executing approximately 150 separate commands. Once plugged in, COFEE can be ordered to decrypt system passwords, display a history of internet activity, and search the system for evidence...."

@_date: 2008-08-03 17:30:49
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
A more optimistic way of putting this, Ben, is to state that EKMI allows
domain-experts of underlying components to address the complex issues of
their domain in ways that they deem best, while providing value on top
of those components.  I see no reason to reinvent any of the components
- despite their imperfections - when they serve my purpose very well.
The business goal here is not cryptographic elegance or perfection, but
a solution to a problem without creating new vulnerabilities.
That may be because you are a cryptographer.  If you were the CSO, an
Operations Director, or an Application Developer in a company that had
to manage encryption keys for 5,000 POS Terminals, 10,000 laptops,
desktops and servers across multiple data-centers and 400 stores, you
would see it very differently.
- The  element in SKSML tells conforming applications
   how to use the symmetric key, where to use it, when to use it, for
   what purpose, for how many transactions, etc.
- The  element tells SKSML clients whether they may
   cache keys, and if they may, how many of them and for how long so
   that conforming applications can continue to use keys even when
   disconnected from the central key-management server.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-08-04 10:44:50
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
The example I used was only illustrative.  SKSML allows for 2^64 keys
per server, 2^64 servers per domain and 2^64 unique domains on the
internet.  The GlobalKeyID (GKID) of a key within a Symmetric Key
Management System (SKMS) is defined to be a triple consisting of the
concatenation of the unique domain ID, the server ID and the key ID (DID-SID-KID).  So GKID's can range from "1-1-1" all the way upto
"(2^64-1)-(2^64-1)-(2^64-1)"; so it is fairly scalable.
That said, Kerberos clearly has the benefit of 20+ years of research
and use in the field.  However, there are two fundamental differences
between SKSML and Kerberos, IMHO:
1) The design goals for Kerberos were very different from SKSML.  The
    former solves the problem of network-authentication in the face of
    insecure hosts/networks, while the latter focuses on long-term key
    management.  That they both use very similiar concepts & components
    to deliver quite different benefits to applications is testament to
    the strength and flexibility of the underlying components rather
    than to a weakness of SKSML.
2) AFAIK, Kerberos clients cannot deliver their stated benefit (network
    authentication) in the absence of the network or the Kerberos server.
    SKSML is designed to allow disconnected EKMI clients to continue
    providing cryptographic services to applications even in the absence
    of the network or the key-management server.  However, it does
    require that the Symmetric Key Client Library (SKCL) have connected
    to the Symmetric Key Services (SKS) server at least once before it
    can use this capability.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-08-04 11:00:01
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
I view EKMI as using the best tools the cryptographic community has to
offer to solve specific business problems.  As I stated in an earlier
e-mail, one man's meat is another man's poison.  What you see as
additional layer of complexity is viewed as a layer of simplification
by some people - no different from how one might view a self-starter
in an automobile, as a layer of complexity over a crank-starter.
  > That's an interesting presumption that you're making -- are you familiar
To the extent that anyone can claim familiarity with something as
fickle and temporal as the needs of an audience, I believe I do (for
the moment).  I recognize that I cannot please everyone in any
audience, and must therefore, do/say what what I believe is right for
my customers.  Only time will tell if I got it right - temporarily.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-08-04 11:55:00
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
But, can the tickets be used for anything useful when the
network does not exist?
I agree that when the network comes back, the ticket can pick
up where it left off and continue providng its stated service
until the ticket expires; but unless there are applications I'm
unfamiliar with, Kerberos tickets are not very useful in the
absence of a network.  Yes, they can be used to authenticate to
local services on the disconnected client, but what benefit does
that provide?
SKMS clients can continue to provide the capability they were
designed for, even when the network is unavailable - it was a
critical design goal.  Yes, applications don't need a central
key-management service to use cryptographic keys on a client;
but the whole business purpose for SKMS is to have centralized
policy-driven key-management, with the added benefit of secure,
disconnected operations.
If this comes back to Ben's original statement about it being
just a key-escrow service, then so be it.  But lets not dismiss
the value standardization and abstraction of this capability
provides - after all people didn't really need DBMS's 30 years
ago because they could do all the data-management operations
inside each application quite well, thank you!
But, the true value of DBMS was to free up application developers,
operations and business managers to deliver new levels of information
services because they no longer had to deal with the arcane mechanics
of data-management in unique ways inside each application, on each
platform.  What DBMS did for the abstraction and standardization of
data-management, I anticipate SKMS doing for key-management.  Those
precise three groups of people - and now, including security and
compliance officers - are slowly starting to discover that for themselves.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-08-04 12:53:45
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
An open-source implementation has been available for 2 years.
A new version will be available next year that will implement
the current OASIS draft and whatever useful comments the
Public Review of the specification brings.
I was comparing the concept of data-management to key-management,
which is a more appropriate analogy; there is no end-user language
within an SKMS.
WRT comparing SKMS to Kerberos, for 20+ years I've always seen
Kerberos as a network-authentication protocol and perhaps it is my
failing that I couldn't see the possibility of using a flat-head
screwdriver in a Philips-head screw.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-08-17 11:46:25
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: [Fwd: [P1619-3] Early Registration Deadline for KMS 2008 Extended 
-------- Original Message --------
Reply-To: 	Matt Ball To give everyone a little more time, the early registration deadline for
the 2008 IEEE Key Management Summit has been moved about a week back to
August 31, 2008.  If you sign up on or before August 31, the rate is
$300/person (which is below cost, thanks to sponsor subsidies).
Afterwards, the rate increases to $500/person.  Don't wait, or the
deadline will sneak up on you!
This is also the same deadline for booking a room at the reduced rate of
$219/night at the Sheraton Inner Harbor hotel.  After August 31,
reservations will be exception on a "space available" basis.
     * IEEE Key Management Summit 2008 Homepage
     * Registration Homepage
     * Hotel Information The IEEE Key Management Summit (KMS) 2008 will be from Sept 23-24, 2008
at the Sheraton Inner Harbor Hotel in Baltimore, Maryland.
Hope to see you there!

@_date: 2008-02-04 13:55:14
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Poor password management may have led to bank meltdown 
Do business people get it?  Do security professionals get it?
Apparently not.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
Huge losses reported by Soci?t? G?n?rale were apparently enabled
by forgotten low-level IT chores such as password management.

@_date: 2008-02-06 14:56:52
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Poor password management may have led to bank meltdown 
"It" is a number of things that I will elucidate, Jon; but "it" is
definitely not raw security.
"It" is:
* a recognition that a company in business using other people's
   money has a fiduciary responsibility for managing it with prudence;
* an awareness that computerized trading has the potential to
   dramatically reduce visibility of those who have the responsibility
   to protect shareholders' and customers' assets;
* an understanding that computers and networks are far less safe than
   they were 30 years ago when they operated from "glass houses";
* knowledge of the debacles at LTCM, Enron, Global Crossing, Barings,
   Adelphia, etc. and how a lack of controls destroyed so many human
   lives (literally, financially and psychologically);
* an appreciation that a failure of controls designed to protect
   financial markets can lead to losses of confidence, market-runs,
   depressions and potentially, social upheaval;
* an acknowledgment that while it is impossible to stop a determined
   rogue trader, trading systems can be easily programmed to trigger
   alerts to higher and higher levels of management as trades exceed
   preset limits, so they may exercise over-riding controls on the
   trades if needed;
This is "it"; if business people truly got this, we wouldn't see what
we're seeing in the marketplace today.
You have defined some very clever formulae showing the opportunity
cost of using too much security and would have us believe that
decision-makers at such companies actually do something like this when
making decisions on how much risk-mitigation to put in place.
If they were endowed with so much intelligence, I would argue that they
might also have calculated the probability of a rogue within the ranks,
the probability of losses resulting from rogue-trades, the probability
of a loss of confidence in the company, the resulting opportunity cost
of lost business,  the increased cost of implementing new controls
across the industry (and the opportunity cost of those investments),
the resulting opportunity cost of lost economic value as people pull
back from financial markets, the resulting opportunity cost of
legitimate companies being unable to raise capital in markets to invent
that new life-saving drug or the new carbon-free energy source or .... you get the picture.
I would, but I won't because you and I know they do nothing like this
when making these security decisions.  It is mostly a "gut feeling",
made-up ROI numbers that are mostly meaningless, what the rest of the
lemmings are doing in the industry, what the press is screaming about
this year and who just got burned and for what.
One hopes that as society evolves, with better levels of education,
better tools, technologies and standards of living, we would recognize
the need to invest "ounces of prevention" to avoid the "pounds of cure".
Sadly, I find that the "Las Vegas" mentality has permeated businesses
to the point that we're taking bigger and bigger risks without really
doing the analysis - going on just "gut feel" - resulting in situations
like at Societe' Generale.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-07-01 12:12:26
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
The author of an article that appeared in InformationWeek this week
(June 30, 2008) on Enterprise Key Management Infrastructure (EKMI):
states the following:
"There are, of course, obstacles that must still be overcome by EKMI proponents. For example, the proposed components are somewhat simple by design, which concerns some encryption purists who prefer more complex protocols, on the logic that they're more difficult to break into."
In light of the recent discussions about experts in cryptography,
I thought I'd ask this forum to comment on the above author's
statement: is this true?
Do cryptography experts deliberately choose complexity over simplicity
when the latter might provide the same strength of protection?  Since I
do not consider myself a cryptography expert, and have instinctively
preferred simpler - but strong - technical solutions, have my instincts
been wrong all along?  TIA.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-07-01 17:13:33
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
I appreciate the affirmation from Perry and Steven (so far) that
I'm not off-base wrt designing security with simplicity in mind.
I will confirm that security has taken precedence over simplicity
where it was necessary to make a trade-off and where security was
the primary goal.
To respond to your concern, Steven, the escrowed symmetric keys
are encrypted using a Public Key from an asymmetric key-pair (the
recommended key-size is 2048-4096 bits RSA).
The Private Key of the RSA key-pair capable of decrypting the
escrowed keys is recommended to be generated and stored on a FIPS
140-2 Level 3 (or greater) certified HSM.
For activating the HSM to use the Private Key by the SKMS service,
it is recommended to use M of N FIPS-certified smartcards for strong
authentication, so that no single individual is capable of accessing
the Private Key (and consequently, any of the escrowed symmetric
keys) on their own.
(For those interested, an ACM paper on an earlier DRAFT version of
the protocol/architecture of the SKSML protocol is available at:
I hope to inform this forum of the public availability of a more
recent DRAFT of the protocol within the next two weeks, for review
and comments.  We, on the OASIS committee will be grateful for any
feedback we get from this forum).
My understanding of cryptography, after spending 9 years deploying
PKIs - large and small - is that it is necessary to use a combination
of strong technology and procedures for effective security.  Relying
on just one component alone can lead to a breakdown in security (as
my experience has shown me).
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-07-02 14:21:47
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
You are right, Hal.  EKMI does not support AES in ECB mode.
While this may not be acceptable to everyone, in SKSML version 1.0
we have chosen to currently support only the algorithms specified in
XML Encryption (
Block Encryption
        1. REQUIRED TRIPLEDES
                   2. REQUIRED AES-128
                   3. REQUIRED AES-256
                   4. OPTIONAL AES-192
           Key Transport
        1. REQUIRED RSA-v1.5
                   2. REQUIRED RSA-OAEP
           Message Authentication
        1. RECOMMENDED XML Digital Signature
           Message Digest
        1. REQUIRED SHA1
                   2. RECOMMENDED SHA256
                   3. OPTIONAL SHA512
                   1. REQUIRED base64
           Even though SHA-384 does not appear on the XMLEnc digest list, we do
support it too (the underlying crypto libraries support it, so it was
no big deal to add it).  We will also recommend that SHA1 not be used,
along the timelines suggested by NIST, despite its appearance on this
I understand that the W3C has started-up the XML Security WG again,
and as these standards are updated, we will follow their work and
support them in EKMI as appropriate.  Should there be requests from
the OASIS community that there be support for algorithms that are not
in XMLEnc, the Technical Committee will discuss and vote on it.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-07-05 07:42:07
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
Thank you for your comment, Florian.
I may be a little naive, but can a protocol itself enforce proper
key-management?  I can certainly see it facilitating the required
discipline, but I can't see how a protocol alone can enforce it.
Any examples you can cite where this has been done, would be very
The design paradigm we chose for EKMI was to have:
1) the centralized server be the focal point for defining policy;
2) the protocol carry the payload with its corresponding policy;
3) and the client library enforce the policy on client devices;
In some form or another, don't all cryptographic systems follow a
similar paradigm?
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
P.S. Companies deploying an EKMI must have an external process in
place to ensure their applications are using "verified" libraries
on the client devices, so their polices are not subverted.

@_date: 2008-07-07 10:25:07
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
I consider KM to be the discipline of defining policy and establishing
procedures & infrastructure for the generation, use, escrow, recovery
and destruction of cryptographic keys, in conformance with the defined
I'm not sure I'm following your comment here, Ben.  Did some word get
left out?  In EKMI, keys are available only to those who are known to
the central Symmetric Key Services (SKS) server, and who are authorized
to receive keys.  The "knowledge" comes from entries in the SKS server
about the clients and their digital certificates.  The authorization
comes from ACLs and from policies that apply to the client.  So, yes,
EKMIs are designed for constrained environments.
I realizecd that two years ago when I started defining the architecture
for EKMI and the software to implement it.  It was the only logical way
of addressing the business problem of managing encryption keys for five
different platforms/applications that needed to share ciphertext on a
daily basis across hundreds of locations and thousands of POS registers.
You make an interesting point here.  While, conceptually, EKMI and DRM
share similar designs, I believe the reasons for DRM's failure has more
to do with philosophy than with technology.  But that's a different
EKMI's goals are not to provide bullet-proof security.  It has more
modest ambitions - to provide a management framework for incremental
security, targeted at the right resource: the data, rather than the network.  As such, it will merely be a tool in the evolution towards
more secure systems - how people use the tool is up to them.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-07-07 14:57:09
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: disks with hardware FDE 
I have copied the IEEE 1619.3 Working Group where disk-drive
manufacturers are working on some of these KM issues.
There is a debate going on on that list about the value of
encrypting data at the disk-drive layer vs. encrypting at the
application layer - I believe the latter is a more strategic
solution - and the voices from the Crypto forum would be
welcome on these issues.
I will let the FDE vendors respond to you so you can forward
as appropriate.  Thanks.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-07-08 14:45:33
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
One man's meat .... :-).  (I don't necessarily view this as a problem
Ben.  I've built up a career and a small business in the last 9 years
doing just that.)
Nevertheless, to answer the question, the PKI deployment is not part
of the SKSML prtocol (other than the WSS header that carries the XML
Signature and/or XML Encryption of the SOAP Body), but it is part of
an EKMI.  (EKMI = PKI + SKMS).  A company deploying an EKMI must have,
or must build a PKI and deploy the client/server certificates separately
from the SKMS.
While this might be viewed as a problem for some/many companies in the
short-term, I fully anticipate that vendor implementations of SKMS will
integrate with PKI software to manage this process seamlessly in the
Which is why we are recommending that SKMS clients use hardware based
modules (be it TPMs, smartcards, HSMs, etc.) to generate and store the
Private Key used by SKMS client to decrypt the symmetric keys.  While
even these can be attacked, the problem is now in a different domain
than the SKSML protocol.
What I meant to say is that EKMI's goal is to protect the data and not
the network.
I'm not sure which verification process you're referring to.
No, this is not security theater.  EKMI does not guarantee anything, nor
does it promise unbreakable anything.  Everything in EKMI is a choice.
You get to choose the strength of your keys, your PKI, your policies,
your procedures and your implementation.  All we're offering is a tool
that does something specific to the extent that the specifications and
the technology allows.  Nothing more, nothing less.  If you - as a
cryptographer - say that AES-156 will do X under these conditions, then
EKMI will support X under those conditions.  EKMI only adds the ability
to manage a large number of keys centrally, and to ease many of the
administrative burdens we see that large-scale key-management can cause.
Everything it does is constrained by the limitations of the underlying
technology components, polices and practices.  But you still have to
make the choice.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-07-25 12:14:51
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Fwd: [ekmi] Public Review of SKSML v1.0 
As promised a couple of weeks ago, the public review of SKSML has
begun.  The OASIS EKMI Technical Committee would be grateful for any
comments received from members of this forum about the key-management If you are interested in reviewing a working implementation of an early
version of this protocol, you can get the implementation here; some of the features of the specification as described in the OASIS document
are not yet implemented in this software, but there is enough to give
interested people a clear understanding of its capabilities, strengths
and potential weaknesses:
  Looking forward to this groups' comments.  Thank you.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
----- Forwarded Message -----
Sent: Thursday, July 24, 2008 7:04:49 PM (GMT-0800) America/Los_Angeles
To OASIS members, Public Announce Lists:
The OASIS Enterprise Key Management Infrastructure (EKMI) TC has recently
approved the following specification as a Committee Draft and approved the
package for public review:
Symmetric Key Services Markup Language (SKSML) Version 1.0
The public review starts today, 24 July 2008, and ends 23 September 2008. This
is an open invitation to comment. We strongly encourage feedback from potential
users, developers and others, whether OASIS members or not, for the sake of
improving the interoperability and quality of OASIS work. Please feel free to
distribute this announcement within your organization and to other appropriate
mail lists.
More non-normative information about the specification and the technical
committee may be found at the public home page of the TC at:  Comments may be
submitted to the TC by any person through the use of the OASIS TC Comment
Facility which can be located via the button marked "Send A Comment" at the top
of that page, or directly at: Submitted comments (for this work as well as other works of that TC) are
publicly archived and can be viewed at:  All comments submitted to
OASIS are subject to the OASIS Feedback License, which ensures that the feedback
you provide carries the same obligations at least as the obligations of the TC
The specification document and related files are available here:
Editable Source (Authoritative):
    This normative specification defines the first (1.0) version of the Symmetric
Key Services Markup Language (SKSML), an XML-based messaging protocol, by which
applications executing on computing devices may request and receive symmetric
key-management services from centralized key-management servers, securely, over
networks. Applications using SKSML are expected to either implement the SKSML
protocol, or use a software library - called the Symmetric Key Client Library
(SKCL) - that implements this protocol. SKSML messages are transported within a
SOAP layer, protected by a Web Services Security (WSS) header and can be used
over standard HTTP securely.
OASIS and the EKMI TC welcome your comments.
Mary P McRae
Manager of TC Administration, OASIS
email: mary.mcrae at oasis-open.org  web:

@_date: 2008-06-11 16:17:23
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Ransomware 
Sent: Wednesday, June 11, 2008 12:04:21 PM (GMT-0800) America/Los_Angeles
This is the first time I've seen any mention of RC4.  *If* they are
using RC4, and *if* they are using it incorrectly - then yes, this
would certainly work.          code to the disassembled virus.  They want the whole world to
        stop what they're doing to factor a 1,024-bit key, but they
        are unwilling to publish details of the virus' mechanics.          This is out of character for someone who is truly interested
        in solving the problem for the long-term.
        While their forum has the detail of the RSA key, they've         categorically indicated that they will not explain the         cryptography publicly, except to experts over e-mail.  I         presume this is how David learned of the RC4 algorithm?
        Arshad Noor
        StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-06-29 14:00:59
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: The wisdom of the ill informed 
[Moderator's note: "Top posting considered uncool." --Perry]
While programmers or business=people could be ill-informed, Allen,
I think the greater danger is that IT auditors do not know enough
about cryptography, and consequently pass unsafe business processes
and/or software as being secure.
This is the reason why we in the OASIS Enterprise Key Management
Infrastructure Technical Committee have made educating IT Auditors
and providing them guidelines on how to audit symmetric key-management
infrastructures, one of the four (4) primary goals of the TC.  While
the technology is well understood by most people on this forum, until
we educate the gate-keepers, we have failed in our jobs to secure IT
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-03-31 11:31:18
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: presentations about encrypted storage 
While the presentations are useful in identifying various
encrypted storage technologies, Travis, there is little
mention of key-management in them.
If you are interested in enhancing your presentations and
your book to mention a specific implementation, there is a
fair amount of material available on a new protocol (in the
process of becoming an OASIS standard) and an open-source
solution that has implemented it. You will find more details
on both at:
Finally, a first Key Management Summit is scheduled to be held
in Baltimore, MD this fall, that should be of interest to
people in this forum:
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-05-28 11:53:05
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: RIM to give in to GAK in India 
Even if RIM does not have the device keys, in order to share encrypted
data with applications on the RIM server, the device must share a session key with the server; must it not?.  Isn't RIM (their software, actually) now in a position to decrypt content sent between Blackberry users?  Or, does the Blackberry encryption protocol work like S/MIME?
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Tuesday, May 27, 2008 8:54:12 AM (GMT-0800) America/Los_Angeles
Quoting "Derek Atkins" Wow, and April 1st was almost two months ago.  This is just a bunch
of FUD.  If someone actually talked to RIM they would find out that
it's technically impossible for them to do this because THEY DONT HAVE
THE DEVICE KEYS.

@_date: 2008-05-28 16:33:18
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Fwd: [P1619-3] Last reminder: Call for Speakers and Sponsors for 
----- Forwarded Message -----
Sent: Wednesday, May 28, 2008 1:37:18 PM (GMT-0800) America/Los_Angeles
(Please forward this message as needed to other related groups) KMS 2008 has now filled-up all 8 vendor slots. However, we will still consider accepting additional sponsors if there is enough room on the agenda. Please send a message to sponsors at keymanagementsummit.com if you would like to be added to the list of alternate sponsors. The sponsor agreement form is now available on the 'Sponsors' page. If you are interested in speaking at KMS 2008, please submit an abstract (and preferably a speaker bio) to chair at keymanagementsummit.com by this Friday , May 30th . Slots are filling up fast! MSST has hotel and transportation information available as well. Hotel rooms are $219 per night, a significant discount from the usual $300+/night rates. Registration fees will be set in June and will likely be in the $300-$400 range for two days at KMS (food included), depending on final sponsorship contributions. Thanks! Matt Ball Chair, KMS 2008  Details: The IEEE Key Management Summit brings together the top companies that develop cryptographic key management for storage devices with the standards organizations that make interoperability possible. With recent legislation, such as California's SB 1386 or Sarbanes-Oxley, companies now have to publicly disclose when they lose unencrypted personal data. To meet this new need for encryption, many companies have developed solutions that encrypt data on hard disks and tape cartridges. The problem is that these data storage vendors need a solution for managing the cryptographic keys that protect the encrypted data. This summit aims to provide clarity to the key management by showing how existing products and standards organizations address the problem of interoperability and security. KMS 2008 is co-located with the IEEE Mass Storage and Systems Technologies conference in Baltimore, Maryland on September 23 -24, 2008. See  for more details.

@_date: 2008-05-30 14:58:15
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: RIM to give in to GAK in India 
So, what is it on the device that is using the 3DES key to encrypt
chunks to send to the RIM messaging gateway?  Something on the device has to encrypt/decrypt the data sent to/from the messaging
server?  Doesn't that constitute a session even if the 3DES keys
are rotated frequently?  (And, if they are, how are the 3DES keys
agreed upon?  Doesn't that imply public/private key-pairs or a
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Friday, May 30, 2008 10:41:10 AM (GMT-0800) America/Los_Angeles
The keys are symmetric 3DES, and encrypt message chunks (IIRC either
256 or 1K bytes) sent asynchronously to the enterprise messaging gateway.
RIM does not have a secure session with the device. This is not like
S/MIME except that as with S/MIME, this is not hop-by-hop encryption.

@_date: 2008-10-23 12:54:29
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Pulling Keystrokes Out of the Air 
"Computer keyboards are often used to transmit sensitive information such as username/password (e.g. to log into computers, to do e-banking money transfer, etc.). A vulnerability on these devices will definitely kill the security of any computer or ATM."
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-09-08 12:39:41
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: once more, with feeling. 
A more optimal solution is to have this vulnerability accepted by
the OWASP community as a "Top 10" security vulnerability; it will
have the appropriate intended effect since mitigation to the OWASP
defined vulnerabilities is required in PCI-DSS:
"6.5 Develop all web applications based on secure coding guidelines
such as the Open Web Application Security Project guidelines"
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2008-09-08 14:32:40
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: once more, with feeling. 
I was just informed of this 10 minutes ago, privately.
Not sure how I missed this the last time I read the document
(perhaps because I was focusing on remediating an application
related to two other vulnerabilities on a project), but the
bank examiners also apparently missed this for Wachovia.
While login pages are not required to be PCI-DSS compliant
(since they generally do not deal with credit card numbers,
it has been my impression that many companies are adopting
OWASP guidelines for all their web-projects.  Perhaps its
taking time for some more than others.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2009-08-02 16:00:45
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Unattended reboots (was Re: The clouds are not random enough) 
How
I would be very interested in learning what conclusions you came to,
Jerry.  It is my experience that even *with* tamper-resistant hardware
(TPM, HSM, smartcard), the threat of breach is very high if the server
is configured for unattended reboots.
Almost every e-commerce site (that needs to be PCI-DSS compliant) I've
worked with in the last few years, insists on having unattended reboots.
Even when the server is configured with a FIPS-certified HSM and the
cryptographic keys are in secure storage with M of N controls for access
to the keys, in order for the application to have access to the keys in
the crypto hardware upon an unattended reboot, the PINs to the hardware
must be accessible to the application.  If the application has automatic
access to the PINs, then so does an attacker who manages to gain entry
to the machine.
If you (or anyone on this forum) know of technology that allows the
application to gain access to the crypto-hardware after an unattended
reboot - but can prevent an attacker from gaining access to those keys
after compromising a legitimate ID on the machine - I'd welcome hearing
about it.  TIA.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
P.S. As an aside, the solution we have settled on is to have the key-
custodians enter their PINs to the crypto-hardware (even from remote
locations, if needed, through secure channels).  While it does not
provide for unattended reboots, it does minimize the latency between
reboots while ensuring that there is nothing persistent on the machine
with PINs to the crypto-hardware.

@_date: 2009-08-02 22:25:04
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Unattended reboots (was Re: The clouds are not random enough) 
I'm not sure I'm following, Richard.
All the HSMs I've worked with start their system daemons automatically;
but the applications using them must still authenticate themselves to
the HSM before keys can be used.  How do the cards you've worked with
authenticate the application if no PINs are involved?
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2009-02-17 10:32:08
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: Contradictory opinion on KMIP 
Recently, there was a posting on this forum on the Key
Management Interoperability Protocol (KMIP) Technical
Committee charter, proposed by a group of storage vendors
(RSA, IBM, HP, et al) at OASIS.  (Unfortunately, I deleted
the posting, so I cannot refer to it directly, but here's
a link to the original posting):
 at metzdowd.com/msg10274.html
I thought it might be useful to inform readers of this forum
that a contradictory opinion has been submitted to the OASIS
Charter list (by this author) at:
It is fair to warn readers that the contradictory opinion is
not a technical discussion of cryptography, but more a
political fallout in the KM space.  If KM standards are of
interest to readers, they may find the comments at the OASIS
link germane.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2009-02-27 11:20:47
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: [Fwd: New W3C XML Security Specifications] 
-------- Original Message --------
Reply-To: security-dev at xml.apache.org
The W3C XML Security Working Group has just released 7 first public working
drafts of new XML Signature and Encryption specifications. Please try to them and send any comments you have to the XML Security working group. drafts include revisions to XML Signature and Encryption to support new
algorithms, a new document proposing simplifications to the XML Signature
Transform model to enhance performance and security, and several other new
Here is the announcement from the W3C Working Group chair:
The W3C XML Security Working Group [1] has published [2] First Public Drafts related to XML Security and requests feedback on these documents. may be sent to the list public-xmlsec-comments at w3.org .  If possible please
indicate the document in the subject line.
(1) XML Signature Syntax and Processing Version 1.1
(2) XML Encryption Syntax and Processing Version 1.1
  (3) XML Signature Transform Simplification: Requirements and Design
(4) XML Security Use Cases and Requirements
(5) XML Security Derived Keys
(6) XML Signature Properties
(7) XML Security Algorithm Cross-Reference
The Working Group has also published an updated working draft of XML Best Practices:
(8) XML Signature Best Practices
The Working Group would appreciate review of these documents, with special
attention to the algorithms listed in XML Signature 1.1 and XML Encryption 1.1,
the proposed 2.0 changes in the Transform Simplification document and Use Cases
and Requirements. Again, comment may be sent to the list
public-xmlsec-comments at w3.org .
Thank you
regards, Frederick
Frederick Hirsch, Nokia
Chair XML Security WG
[1] [2]

@_date: 2009-01-28 16:09:12
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: full-disk encryption standards released 
I wonder if the 40+ breach-disclosure laws in US will now have
to be updated to reflect that if data is breached on a "live"
system using an encrypted-drive, one must still make the breach
The CEO of Heartland Payment Systems, however, will no longer
be fooled by the salve that FDE drives promise; he's calling for
end-to-end encryption, a control which he - and readers of this
forum - know, the FDE drives cannot provide:
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2009-03-02 14:08:36
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: How to Share without Spilling the Beans 
Any links to the actual protocol itself?  The article is a little
vague on details.  Thanks.
I did not see any discussion of the application that compares the
two encrypted objects.  Assuming the application has to decrypt it
(or there would be no point in sending the secret-key to the other
party), what prevents the application developer from writing out
the plaintext once decrypted?
Would it not have been simpler to just send out the database with
message-digests of the names?  All one party would have to do is
indicate the layout of the plaintext and the digest algorithm.
The other party would then digest their own database and compare
digested records.  There would be no need to send out secret-keys
and no possibility of someone writing out plaintext when comparing
decrypted objects.
Am I missing something?
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2010-07-28 20:36:46
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: A slight modification of my comments on PKI. 
I do not believe regulations require that there be zero compromises
to systems, Dan.  On the contrary, I believe the goal of any regulation
is to ensure that there is a minimum level of calibration across the
industry.  In the absence of regulation, calibration would be all over
the map; while experienced companies with adequate resources might be
better calibrated, the less-experienced or less-resourceful companies
would start the dominoes falling and inadvertently bring down even the
well calibrated companies.  Regulations can help with preventing that
first domino from falling if implemented effectively.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.

@_date: 2010-10-06 16:34:34
@_author: Arshad Noor 
@_subject: English 19-year-old jailed for refusal to disclose decryption 
Five years, if a national security or child indecency case.
Arshad Noor
StrongAuth, Inc.
