
@_date: 2013-08-12 23:36:24
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] LeastAuthority.com announces PRISM-proof storage 
Hash: SHA1
Hello Cryptography:
Some of you might remember me from the old cypherpunk days as "Black
Unicorn."  This was me on something like this topic back in 1996 (god,
I'm old):
Hi again.
At the moment I sit on the board of and/or own founder's shares in
several tech related ventures in Switzerland, including hosting
providers with datacenter space in-country.
The jurisdiction (still) has some obvious privacy and regulatory
appeals.  Civil suits by foreign plaintiffs generally require the
plaintiff to post a bond against court costs and opposing party
attorney fees (Switzerland is a "loser pays" jurisdiction).  There are
no punitive damages in Switzerland.  Foreign plaintiffs must convince
a Swiss judge (usually a Kantonal judge) of ACTUAL damages and
standards of proof here are quite substantial.  (Read: Plaintiff
bullying is difficult).
The ventures in which I am involved have substantial space in
datacenters engineered to Swiss/German specifications (example: N+2 or
even N+3 infrastructure and a 90 day contract for diesel for
generators even in times of civil unrest or war) run by local firms
with no direct contacts to the United States.  These same ventures
manage their own network, have good upstream redundancy, and have
their own AS  None of these ventures employs any US Persons, and my
personal (non-legal) opinion is that it would be quite difficult to
try and meet a "minimum contacts" test for the purposes of
establishing jurisdiction over these firms.
Just as a hedge, these ventures have retained what I would consider
"bulldog" First Amendment attorneys in the United States (lately, and
ironically, the origin of all real challenges to the First and Fourth
Fairly recently, I was tangentially involved in the acquisition of
Righthaven.com from the forces of darkness, and its later re-purposing
to what I hope are the forces of light (if you will forgive the
I am uninterested in playing games with classified material,
kiddy-porn, etc.  I am highly interested in providing real privacy for
(to remember an old mailing list term) "Joe Sixpack."
I'm not sure exactly what I can offer.  Resilient hosting?  Some legal
defense coverage?  VMWare/storage expertise?  Storage/Cloud nodes?  A
crypto-friendly provider willing to go the extra mile to fight bullshit?
Regardless, I invite anyone up to anything productive along these
lines to drop me a line.
- -uni

@_date: 2013-12-25 01:11:37
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Can we move this list to an online forum please? 
For the benefit of the list: That was me.  The [redacted] part was
"DC", which I meant to stand for Datacenter.  It's a Tier IV in
Then again, if people don't want it on shared hardware I suspect we
have a 1U somewhere we can re-purpose to "the cause."

@_date: 2013-12-26 02:25:10
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] On Security Architecture, The Panopticon, 
Obviously, I applaud the herculean efforts the list members have (even
just in the last few months) exerted in the service of reforming "the
practice" in light of the labyrinthine mess we have all been recently
presented with.  That said, and at the risk of running afoul of the
list's core charter on Christmas Day, I would like to explore some of
the higher level questions of architecture and design as they relate to
the legal schema that presently underpins the intelligence apparatus of
the West.  (Mostly because I am an awful coder and I like the way big
words look in print).
For better or worse (and mostly for worse at this point) the legal
schema that drives almost 100% of the global threat model stems from the
United States. No, no... we shall brook no whining my dear EU and UK
subjects... this will not do at this stage.  You get the worldwide
governance you deserve in the end, and by permitting a hegemonic, global
panopticon to emerge unchallenged over the last many years (is that an
NSA facility on your soil?  What?  Is that ANOTHER ONE?), even in the
midst of a supposed "democracy" you have effectively waived your
standing to contest it now by legal means. (What, Chancellor?  They have
been listening to your cellphone?  You know what, fuck you and your
coalition for signing off on Teufelsberg's funding every year).
So what now?  Well, from whence, we may ask, does the global panopticon
derive its surveillance power? We could likely fill several volumes in
the course of recording the discourse on this topic.  Being that our
time together is short, shall we instead focus on a few key points?
Yes?  Good.
Third Parties --
At least to my way of thinking one of the foremost issues that mucks the
entire schema up is the concept of "knowing exposure" of data that might
otherwise be shrouded in the "expectation of privacy."  An exploration
of Katz v. United States and the esteemed cases that later purport to
suss out the bounds of the "expectation of privacy" in the jurisprudence
of the United States is probably beyond the scope of this discussion,
but it probably bears notice to observe that such data as you (oh, noble
Citizen of the United States) convey to "third parties" has long been
branded as data for which you have waved your "expectation of privacy."
 One does not, after all, brag about liaisons with illicit lovers to
third parties if one expects such details to be kept "unter vier Augen."
This would be less daunting if it were possible to do more without
conveying critical data to third parties.  But it isn't.  The perverse
rise of SaaS offerings and the dependence on large carriers to convey
data that should require none such has created an environment where
nearly everything is conveyed to a third party.  Everything.  Ah, the
client-server model of computing, may it burn in hell.
May I just ask: How could an industry once so attached to redundancy and
distributed infrastructure become so taken with creating massive, single
points of failure and a critical reliance on trusted third parties?  Was
there some massive Facebook founder's share give away?  What happened to
the old manta "Trusted third parties aren't"?  How did the remnants of
the cypherpunk movement (forgive me the sentimental nostalgia of youth)
lay so utterly dormant as large, centralized providers came to dominate
the storage and transmission of critical data?  Where, at least, was the
tool of end-to-end encryption in this co-opted intermediary world?  How,
after a few compromises of root certificate authorities (that we know
of) did X.509 survive for more than six more months?
And so now the panopticon has only to co-opt a couple dozen large
enterprises, many of which are deeply dependent on the largess of
central government in the burgeoning crony-capitalist West, to find
itself in possession of the vast majority of private communications
without issue, notice, or objection.
We cannot, surely, blame the panopticon.  With that juicy of a target
concentrated in a corporate surface area so small what else did we
expect?  And someone does keep funding her, year in and year out, no?
And so I submit: The reliance on third parties must end.  It is not
enough simply to mandate that your data reside on third parties you deem
slightly more trustworthy than others (we're looking at you, European
Union, and particularly at you, Germany).  May we be so bold as to point
out that trusted third parties that are vulnerable to being co-opted by
national sovereigns cannot be trusted?  May we, by extension, point out
that it is rather difficult to describe a trusted third party that is
not vulnerable to being co-opted by national sovereigns?  Must we draw a
diagram of the inevitable conclusion that follows from these two
Alright, if you insist: Stop trusting third parties, dammit.
Legal Protections --
At the risk of getting all cryptoanarchist (ah, again the sentimental
nostalgia of youth) how is it possible for an objective (even
semi-objective) observer to be of the view that the rule of law (let's
for the moment limit the analysis to domestic and foreign surveillance)
has any meaning at all today?  Perhaps there was a time where, in light
of the understanding that the surveillance infrastructure of the United
States intelligence community is both pervasive and skilled, protections
afforded Citizens of the United States against collection efforts by
foreign intelligence appendages meant something. But this time has long
since passed.
The barrier between intelligence and law enforcement collection has long
since been torn down and, more upsetting, those agencies that once (and
still) deign to call themselves "foreign intelligence agencies" have
smashed the firewall and morphed into foreign and domestic intelligence
Does it surprise anyone to know that evidence collected by such entities
and provided to domestic law enforcement entities warrants no 4th
amendment scrutiny whatsoever?  (To butcher a complex legal concept
suffice it to say that in general U.S. courts have long held that
evidence delivered to the prosecution may be admitted regardless of the
legality of the methods by which it was obtained, so long as the
prosecution took no part in the illegal collection- torture cases, so
far, seem to be the only major category that may be exceptions to the
rule).  Well, so much, indeed, for fourth amendment protections.
And so the panopticon is served again.  First by the porous nature of
"trusted third parties."  Second by the weakened set of legal
"protections" afforded by the jurisprudential environment in the United
States, a circumstance that would appear to permit unbridled collection
for the purposes of criminal prosecution.  Or whatever.
At this point is it even worth discussing judicial review in these contexts?
And So? --
Face it.  Digital liberty has lost the Lawfare fight.  It must win the
technical fight.
1.  Recognize that no design should ever permit unprotected data to
touch third party infrastructure anywhere, anytime, anyway, ever.  Period.
Ok, I was young.  I needed the money.  But somehow I thought some of us
were working towards end-to-end encryption for nearly everything all the
way back in the 1990s?  What happened?  John Gilmore, aren't you on this
list somewhere?  Did the world just eat S/WAN?
Here's the scary question:  Does "third party infrastructure" include
hardware with unaudited, close source firmware?  If it does (and I think
that it does) we have a rather serious problem.
This is an awful threat model.  But guess what.  This is the threat model.
2.  Recognize that we now inhabit an environment in which there are
effectively no legal protections of any kind against the sort of
pervasive, omnipresent surveillance that Erich Mielke would find very
difficult not to masturbate to.  There was perhaps a time when citizens
of the United States could claim to enjoy greater protections than the
unenlightened barbarians beyond the two seas.  Hey, yanks, guess what:
You're just as fucked as the rest of us now.
So?  Now what?
A. Build robust, distributed channels.  Make them end-user friendly.
B. Do not build systems that offer third parties deniability.  Build
systems that MANDATE third party deniability.
C. Build systems that are (relatively) trivial to audit.  Hardware
architects, where are you?
D. L'Etat, c'est toi.
Or, you know, maybe I'll just go drink a bottle of scotch instead.

@_date: 2013-10-10 23:03:32
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] prism-proof email in the degenerate case 
Hash: SHA1
Drop me a note if you want hosting (gratis) for this.

@_date: 2013-09-06 00:46:15
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Hash: SHA1
What surprises me is that anyone is surprised.  If you believed
OpenBSD's Theo de Raadt and Gregory Perry back in late 2010, various
government agencies (in this specific case the FBI- though one wonders
if they were the originating agency) have been looking to introduce
weaknesses wholesale into closed AND open source software and OS
infrastructures for some time.  Over a decade in his example.
(See: Those of us old enough might marvel at the fact that going back to the
late 1980s a huge dust up was caused by the allegations that Swiss
firm "Crypto AG" introduced backdoors into their products at the
behest of Western (read: United States and the BND) intelligence
agencies, products that, at the time, were in widespread use by
foreign governments who, one presumes, could not afford to field their
own national cryptology centers to protect their own infrastructure
(or were just lazy and seduced by a Swiss flag on the corporate
domicile of Crypto AG).
For the unwashed on the list, Wikipedia (and Der Spiegel) relate the
story of (probably) hapless Crypto AG salesman Hans Buehler's 1992
arrest by the Iranian authorities after those allegations came to
light, and the fact that Crypto AG paid a $1m ransom for him (but then
later billed him for the $1m--you stay classy, Crypto AG).
(See: But fear not.  Governments and NGOs around the world will be pleased
to know that Crypto AG lives on and continues to provide superior
crypto and security solutions to foreign institutions of all kinds,
"National security councils, national competence centres, e-government
authorities, encryption authorities, national banks, ministries of
defence, combined/joint commands, cyber commands, air forces, land
forces, naval forces, special forces, military intelligence services,
defence encryption authorities, ministries of foreign affairs and
numerous international organisations, ministries of the interior,
presidential guards, critical infrastructure authorities, homeland
security authorities, intelligence services, police forces, and cyber
(See:  - The inclusion of a shot of the
Patrouille Suisse is an especially nice touch.  I often drive by their
offices in Steinhausen and was stunned to realize a few years ago that
they are thriving- I can only imagine what the mortgage on that place
I expect that today many of us feel quite naive at being shocked by
those penetration revelations (sorry, allegations) given that it seems
highly probable now that anyone using any sort of Microsoft, Cisco,
Google, Facebook, Yahoo, YouTube, Skype, AOL or Apple product has now
been elevated to a collection priority that seemed confined to the
Irans of the world in the 1990s and early 2000s.
Perry wondered after the "unpardonable carelessness" of the NSA in
giving 50,000 Snowden's access to a Powerpoint with all the Prism
partners. I would argue that the NSA had good cause to think no one
would notice or care given how many people who should know MUCH MUCH
better still send Crypto AG scads of money. And going back to the days
of toad.com hasn't this always been the story?
Security is expensive. Most people (and some governments) are cheap.
There's something about the present political climate in the United
States that really interests me. Mere mention of the word "fascism" in
any context other than sarcasm seems to brand one quite instantly as a
tin-foil nutjob. Granted, I think the world "fascism" is as overused
as the word "communism," but it bears mentioning that the usurpation
of corporate entities and industry by the state to its own purposes is
one of the classic tenants of fascism.  I'm sure the list's readers
sense where I'm going with this by now.
It is hard to escape noticing that the NSA and its sister and orbital
agencies have long since broken the traditional firewall and morphed
themselves into domestic surveillance agencies.  But the United States
is late to the party here.
In the world of finance it was long understood that certain
state-dominated Russian firms were front-running a number of U.S.
economic indicators prior to release.  The rumor at the time was that
this activity stopped cold after a security audit at the offending
U.S. agencies.  It's possible that the story was apocryphal, but I
sort of doubt it.  The economic intelligence apparatus of foreign
intelligence services was the place to be if you wanted to find
yourself in the good graces of your nation-state.  (It's not an
accident that Nikolay Patolichev, once the Soviet Union's Foreign
Trade Minister, led the pack having been awarded the Order of Lenin
twelve times).
Of course, drafting otherwise independent-appearing private
enterprises to the purposes of the state was popular then (the CIA
would routinely interview U.S. businessmen and businesswomen after
trips to jurisdictions of interest, and leverage their presence in
foreign lands to their own advantage), and appears even more popular now.
I won't belabor the point (made long ago and loudly by Kate Martin,
only to fall upon decidedly deaf ears) that U.S. Courts generally
refuse to examine the legality of collection of inculpatory evidence
that is dropped into their lap- but it is important to at least
acknowledge.  Again, those of us shocked by those revelations (that
evidence of domestic crimes "accidentally" collected by intelligence
agencies would not necessarily be inadmissible) might feel awfully
stupid now that it seems that the NSA expressly retains or passes on
evidence of crimes unrelated to foreign intelligence activities or
terrorism, and that the DEA (presumably among others) routinely
engages what could fairly be called wholesale perjury to conceal the
source of such evidence from courts and defense counsel when it is
presented in support of criminal prosecutions.
Finally returning to the original topic (please forgive the diversion)
I think what is the most important element to understand is that what
was once opportunistic synergy between national intelligence agencies
and law enforcement agencies (here the War on Drugs was clearly the
camel's nose) has become Fusion Center level integration- and
bilateral information flow.  Don't take my word for it, just read some
of the Fusion Center testimony to various congressional committees-
this is their bread and butter.  Whichever asshole it was who first
blamed 911 on a lack of cooperation between law enforcement and
intelligence did a great deal of damage to the United States, but the
trend was already pressing forward.
What seems even more daunting is the new path of information from the
bottom up. Now that you have local law enforcement humming around in
cars collecting position and "metadata" on every license plate within
20m of a cop car prowling around on its beat, federal agencies are
just a "Fusion Center query" away from access to... well... nearly
Look at this model (local collection at local expense re-purposed to
federal exploitation), basic "exception processing," and the impact of
the last decade and a half of "crony capitalism" and it is suddenly
pretty hard not to credit BULLRUN with far more access than is public
even given the latest revelations.
Certainly, I don't run the NSA, but it doesn't take much more than a
middling operations professional to tell you that exception processing
is the key.  Attacking this stuff is a question of priorities.
Though experiment: What order of difficulty would you assign:
Catch it in the clear.
Compromising a vendor (including keys and users passwords- which might
be reused).
Injecting poor RNG (with vendor cooperation).
Stealing a master key.
Stealing a session key.
Stealing a password to master or session key.
Dictionary-attacking a password.
Brute-forceing a weak password.
Compromising an endpoint.
Compromising a physical machine.
Rubber-hoseing a password.
Brute-forceing a strong password.
Brute-forceing a weak key.
Brute-forceing a strong key.
Include in your analysis the cost of bending (or breaking)
constitutional protections in the post-911 era (if any).
Just look at the leverage an unwieldy, all-encompassing central
government has on large US based firms (See e.g. Qwest
post-cooperation refusal) and reflect on the bi-lateral Fusion Center
model and then try to speculate that BULLRUN is overstated.
I don't think you need a major factoring breakthrough to have
FANTASTIC success in accessing the vast majority of (for example) SSL
"protected" internet traffic.  Anyone know what the market penetration
of Microsoft IIS is?
No, quite the contrary.  I'll be amazed to find that the NYT piece
isn't UNDERstated.
To coin a phrase with reference to large and medium sized Western IT
They're all Crypto AG now.
- - uni

@_date: 2013-10-01 01:44:46
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] check-summed keys in secret ciphers? 
hm
Just to close the circle on this:
The Iranians used hundreds of carpet weavers (mostly women) to
reconstruct a good portion of the shredded documents which they
published (and I think continue to publish) eventually reaching 77
volumes of printed material in a series wonderfully named "Documents
from the U.S. Espionage Den."
They did a remarkably good job, considering:
You can see a bunch of the covers via Google Books here:
You could peruse the entire collection in a private (but not secret)
library of which I was once a member (outside the United States of
course) and I seem to remember that a London library had a good number
of the books too, despite the fact that the material was still
classified at the time (and I think still is?)
Perhaps it would be amusing to write to the old publisher and see if one
can still order the entire set:
Center for the Publication of the U.S. Espionage Den's Documents
P.O. Box 15815-3489
Islamic Republic of Iran
Then again, you might find yourself unable to get on international
flights for a time after such a request, who knows.
On your speculation about crosscut shredding, you're right on the money.
DARPA ran a "de-shredding challenge" in 2011.  A team from San Fran
("All Your Shreds Are Belong To U.S.") won by substantially
reconstructing 5 of 7 "puzzles."  DARPA has since yanked the content
there (or it has merely succumbed to bitrot/linkrot) but I recall it
being impressive.  The amount reconstructed from very high security
cross-shred was eye-opening.
Ah, found a mirror (on a site selling shredding services, of course):
Lesson 1:  Don't use line-ruled paper.  Ever.
Lesson 2: Burn or pulp after you shred.
One imagines that substantial progress on the problem has been made
since the contest.
Ah, I see in writing this that there's a Wikipedia article on it too:
Which, in turn, lists the DARPA archive:
As you might imagine, the events of 1979 caused quite a stir when it
came to the security of Department of State facilities.  What might
surprise you, however, would be to learn that most of this work was done
on improving "time to destruction" of classified material, and the means
to buy that time (read: Marines) for duty officers (read: intelligence
officers), and not actually improving security for diplomatic staff.
Those jarheads aren't for you folks, they are for the Classified.

@_date: 2014-04-27 22:31:45
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The Best 419 Message I've Seen 
This sort of thing has always made me wonder why more institutions
don't separate account functions.  The 419 scam has been around for
decades and yet basically nothing has been done to limit the damage
that occurs when you give someone your ABA routing number and account
number.  An account number for incoming funds only (drop box?) would
solve a number of these problems.
Unfortunately, the brain dead payment geniuses in (for instance) the
United States manage to design a payment system that permits third
parties to order drafts (e-checks) against arbitrary account numbers
in order to (for instance) enable e-payments to be pulled from
checking accounts at the prompting of the payee.
These sorts of things are SUPPOSED to be authorized via a blanket
"e-payment" authorization bearing the clients signature to start the
relationship off, but I can't remember the last time a big bank in the
United States checked my signature against the signature they
purportedly have "on file."
Quite obviously, the authentication work then becomes a spam filter
like problem the banks have imposed on themselves to catch the unusual
transactions.  Shocking, I know, but they do this relatively poorly.
It is a hard problem on the one hand.  On the other, they magnify
their own costs by causing expensive customer interaction, actually,
all customer interaction is expensive, for every false positive and
for every correct positive for that matter.
I remember having a lot of hope that payment systems could be reformed
into something rational (Jon will maybe remember this highly naive
period in my development), but in reality you have to move to a
country where the system is already a bit more rational because those
institutions and platforms have the inertia of a few solar masses.

@_date: 2015-12-30 02:45:55
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Unbreakable crypto 
Here one assumes you meant "ban" encryption.
I assume what you are driving at here is a form of:
"They can't prosecute all of us!"
There are number of flaws (some fatal to the argument, I think) in this
line of reasoning. "They can't prosecute all of us," was a more
effective anti-authoritarian mantra back when "due process" was a
fundamental protection for the individual.  Before "the process is the
punishment" evolved into a more accurate description of the current
state of affairs. Before "lawfare" became a meaningful term.
The rise of two dynamics have quashed the likely impact of the sort of
"widespread civil disobedience" that you seem to advocate here.
First, as the institutions that underpin Western legal systems have seen
what integrity they may actually have possessed drained away, "process"
has ceased to be a protection for the individual. To name just one
example, the rank politicization of the United States Department of
Justice has arrived at a point where it is trivial to predict with near
perfect accuracy who will or will not be prosecuted for violations of 18
U.S.C. § 1924 without even bothering to look at the evidence or severity
of the infractions. All one need do is summarize the political
affiliations of the accused and the answer will be blindingly obvious.
All those grubby details related to what actually happened (the "facts"
if you will) seem inconvenient distractions from the new reality: Your
ability to avoid, deflect, manipulate, endure, or outlast the process is
the most significant variable to determine the result. Not much else
matters. In fact, certain members of your public may be seen to applaud
loudly in appreciation of your adept skills at deceit.
Second, though "accessible" might not have been an accurate description
of the body of civil and criminal rules that govern citizens of The West
at any point in our lifetimes (even the Duodecim Tabulae never purported
to codify the entire text of Roman law), today it is simply impossible
for any individual (or any organization, for that matter) to comprehend
even a meaningful fraction of the corpus of law and regulation that
binds him, her, it.
John Gilmore's principled refusal to show his "internal passport"
(mandated by a secret law Mr. Gilmore was not permitted to read) to
board an airplane in 2002 seems almost quaint now. Secret laws and
classified, un-reviewable enemy lists are commonplace enough that we
would never expect the 9th Circuit to review their legality today.
Do 16 USC § 460d ("CRIMES AND CRIMINAL PROCEDURE — PUBLIC LANDS — CRIMES
— NATIONAL PARK SERVICE") and 36 CFR § 327.5(c,d) ("RULES AND
REGULATIONS GOVERNING PUBLIC USE OF WATER RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
– SWIMMING") combine to make it a federal crime to swing from a tree
next to a federal water development project?
Is it possible that 18 U.S.C. § 1865 ("NATIONAL PARK SERVICE") and 36
C.F.R. § 2.1(a)(3) ("PRESERVATION OF NATURAL, CULTURAL AND ARCHEOLOGICAL
RESOURCES") can be read to make you guilty of a federal crime for
rolling something down a hill in a national park?
To ask these questions is to inadvertently lament that "ignorantia legis
neminem excusat," has become as dead as satire.
 seems unlikely to run out of examples
anytime soon.
Everyone is guilty. This is not, as you seem to suggest, a bug. It is a
feature. There is an excuse to throw you (to throw everyone) into the
jaws of "process" any time. You are expected to recognize that your only
defense is to adopt the currently accepted political attitudes,
mannerisms, thoughts, fears, and deeds, and to adopt them with the sort
of public noise and enthusiasm that suggests they are your very own.
Remember that these are the second crypto wars (at least). Those of us
who could be considered veterans of the first rounds might remind you
that not only are these arguments not new, they are mind-numbingly
repetitive and unoriginal, not to mention spewing forth from many of the
same gaping maws (and some turncoats *ahem* John Kerry *ahem).
A brief bit of badly simplified history: When "law enforcement" could
not manage to cram through legislation that would force key escrow on
everyone in the United States (and for a time the UK) to obtain the "all
access pass" they wanted, they simply printed their own pass instead.
It required fast-tracking the transformation of foreign intelligence
agencies into domestic surveillance pan-opticons (and so complete is
that transformation now it almost seems difficult to remember that it
was not always so). It required co-opting American firms (*ahem* AT&T
*ahem*) to conduct surveillance that only the most vicious
water-boarding of the English language could justify legally (and
required legislation to "legitimize" ex post).
Now that at least a hint of the magnitude of this wide-ranging and
illicit effort has come to light and there is a movement (agonizingly
slow, disconcertingly weak) to plug some of the holes and the many
examples of outright sabotage involved, the pan-opticons have turned
back to lawfare.
In this context how, exactly, do we not all expect to be thrown into the
jaws of "the process" once the gaze of the pan-opticon falls upon us?
If you've made through all that above, see how this would sound to you
from the lips of an investigator:
"Random noise you say? Not crypto you say? Prove it."
I would suggest that to win the "fight" from this end the effort must be
legislative and judicial, but the last "victory" (which was legislative
and judicial, as it happened) managed to bring us... right here.

@_date: 2015-10-11 01:37:16
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Collisions w/SHA-1 ~$100,000 TODAY 
And, for some attackers, is that "how long" figure already a negative

@_date: 2015-09-22 14:43:35
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] millions of Ashley Madison bcrypt hashes cracked 
I cannot give you that reference, since the assertion "you can't get an
[a replacement] SSN" is false.  I can give you the opposite reference:
"Should you get a new Social Security number?
If you have done all you can to fix the problems resulting from misuse
of your Social Security number and someone still is using your number,
we may assign you a new number."
See: This has actually been the case for a long time and while it's an uphill
climb against the headwinds of a thousand apathetic junior
administrators in an organization with the political inertia of a small
to medium sized neutron star, it's not impossible.
However, you may wish to sprinkle that pamphlet with some skepticism
given it also asserts:
"Your number is confidential
The Social Security Administration protects your Social Security number
and keeps your records confidential. We do not give your number to
anyone, except when authorized by law."
Uh huh.
Back to the matter at hand:
There's a bit of interesting identity theft abuse tolerance incentive
built in to the current SSN/IRS system which I'm not sure is entirely
accidental.  That being, so long as a third party using a number not
their own does not attempt to file fraudulent returns to collect
unearned tax refunds (seems strange to call tax refunds "earned") the
net effect is to boost the apparent Social Security contributions to the
valid holder.  This might have the effect of causing the IRS to ask
about non-reported income, but generally speaking that's easily
dismissed by showing the valid holder was simultaneously working
hundreds or thousands of miles away and not at a construction site
Alarmingly, and though I've seen a few of these situations before, I've
never seen the IRS circle back to the SSA and cause the additional
contributions to be corrected.  Unless the valid holder reports it
separately to the SSA those tend to persist.
Not much incentive to rock the boat.
At first blush this looks like the opposite of the dynamic involved with
Ashley Madison.  There we have a strong incentive to show that it was
possible (or to actually fabricate evidence to this effect) that a
"unique identifier" was used by multiple parties.  Someone (sorry, I
can't remember who to credit) even opined about that on this list a few
weeks ago.
But that's not the case either.  We're just looking at the party on the
other side of the dynamic.  Certainly, for the fembot programmers at
Ashley Madison the non-uniqueness (or hyper-uniqueness?) of an
identifier (multiple identifiers for the same bot infrastructure) was a
feature.  For certain parties, even some at the SSA, the non-uniqueness
of SSNs is a feature.
Going one more, fingerprints are supposed to be unique identifiers of
sorts.  But there are parties that have richly benefited from the fact
that, in practice, they aren't.  Just read an article about FBI or local
law enforcement fingerprint lab scandals for a quick example.  Also, it
seems convenient that fingerprints also act as a tracking mechanism.
Officer friendly isn't fingerprinting your kids at school JUST to
identify their decomposing corpse later.  In fact, that might not even
be the primary purpose at all.
These sorts of examples make me want to coin a phrase like:
"Unique identifiers aren't."  With apologies to whomever said "First
responders aren't."
Cryptographic challenge-response is clearly a better way to go, but even
this (with public key challenge response anyhow) depends on the "unique
identifier" of a particular public/private key combination.  At least
you can keep (or can try to keep) the "SSN" private in that case.  Even
from the overarching agency.
And, so what?  What ramifications on systems design?
Any system that leans on the supposed uniqueness of a "unique
identifier" does so at its peril.  Despite this, there are often
incentives to use it anyhow.  It didn't take long for SSNs to evolve
into an "identification" mechanism, despite the fact that those cards
bear the prohibition of that use case right on the paper.
Cryptographically, this suggests that there are reasons beyond the
apathy of the designers when a system is still using MD5 instead of
bcrypt.  It should make you just as suspicious as seeing someone still
using SSN's as a unique identifier.  If you look beyond the simple
question of the incentives for the designers (who certainly didn't want
to have to pump out thousands of public/private keypairs for their bots
even if end users would have tolerated that) you can learn a lot quickly.

@_date: 2016-04-29 22:57:01
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] US Case: Infinite Jail Contempt for Disk Crypto, 
Not really.  This has been the state of affairs in the United States for
a long time.
Generally speaking incarceration to compel testimony (i.e. contempt
sanctions) hinges on the judge's belief:
1. That the defendant / witness actually has the information sought.
2. That the defendant can be compelled with incarceration to produce it.
Failing this the incarceration becomes punitive.  Strictly speaking,
that's outside the bounds of a judge's power (imposing punitive
penalties without a verdict).
The classic example is the tax evading winner of a foreign lottery who
stood in front of a judge and swore he would never disclose where he
stashed the cash or voluntarily sign a waiver of secrecy because, though
he might rot in jail for 20 years, he only had about 15 to go given his
health and all his 9 children would benefit immeasurably if he did not
surrender the details.
At that point the defense argued, quite rightly, that any further
incarceration would be punitive, rather than designed to and likely to
compel disclosure, and therefore the court no longer had authority to
detain the defendant.
This, of course, depends on the judge believing in the defendant's
resolve.  (Though I recall that defendant walking soon after).

@_date: 2016-04-30 17:26:30
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] US Case: Infinite Jail Contempt for Disk Crypto, 
And yet, it works.  Often.
Probably because it isn't possible for the defendant to know exactly
when the judge will decide to believe that the defendant has "lost" the
password.  After a few years in the clink with no light at the end of
the tunnel, a 5 year sentence (perhaps even with credit for time served)
might not seem so bad (even if the judge is just weeks away from
blinking first).

@_date: 2016-04-30 17:31:04
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] US Case: Infinite Jail Contempt for Disk Crypto, 
Forgive the double posting, but I suddenly remembered the name:
Chadwick, who is the counter example.  It took his judge something like
fifteen years to decide Chadwick really wasn't going to give up.  That's
a long wait.

@_date: 2016-01-07 13:57:55
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Chaum Has a Plan to End the Crypto War 
Call me crazy but there have been times past were I have wondered if
Chaum wasn't one of the worst things that has happened to cryptography.
 Or at least the effective merger of cryptography and finance, which is
maybe the same thing.
Now we have what amounts to the Chaumian "Star Chamber."  I'm not sure
exactly how I feel about that, except that all I need to start
distrusting "trusted councils" is to watch what the permanent members of
the United Nations Security Council end up voting unanimously on.
Lots of questions crop up.
Will the council members be controlled by nation-states?  (Hint: even if
they are not, they are.  See below).
Will the council members be bound by policy guidelines?  The same policy
guidelines for each member? Who will develop these guidelines?
Democratically elected legislators?  Good look getting 9 of those to
agree on policy language.  That observation alone tells me the answer to
"democratically elected legislators?" is "no."
How will choice of law be handled?  Anti-Semitic speech is "legally
evil" in many jurisdictions (carries the potential for criminal
liability), but not (for example) the United States.  Is anti-Semitic
speech "generally recognized as evil"?
Will the council members themselves be democratically elected? (Hah.)
Will the council members generally represent law enforcement?  If so,
will they be overseen by public advocates?  The judiciary?  Which
judiciary?  This is even an absurd question to ask.  In reality law
enforcement can attempt to compel any council member in its jurisdiction
to turn over its key material.  Destroying that key material to avoid
that disclosure looks a lot like spoliation.  Pretending such an entity
(the council member) to be independent of law enforcement or a national
intelligence service is a silly bit of fiction.
Will the council members be required to make their deliberations public?
 What if a council member is presented with a National Security Letter
preventing that?
For that matter, what exactly do we mean by "generally recognized as
evil"?  Is Google "generally recognized as evil" now?  Also, this term
is a misnomer.  Chaum actually means "universally recognized as evil" or
"unanimously recognized as evil," with respect to the council members,
at least according to the text posted by Mr. Baker.
It all sounds very 1990s era X.509 to me.
Perhaps now is a good time to coin the term "Chaumian Quagmire".

@_date: 2016-01-07 21:29:43
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Chaum Has a Plan to End the Crypto War 
The sum of which seems only to bolster my original argument:
Chaum may be one of the worst things that has happened to cryptography.

@_date: 2017-02-07 20:43:55
@_author: arxlight 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What is total world transaction volume? 
"In 2015, cash remained the most frequently used retail payment
instrument, used in nearly one-third (32 percent) of all transactions,
including bill payments (Figure 3). Consumers used debit cards for 27
percent of their transactions, followed by credit cards for 21 percent
of transactions. Electronic payments (e.g. ACH transfers and online bill
pay) and checks comprised a small share of transaction volume, though
the value of these payments tended to be higher than cash, debit, or
credit payments."
You should be able to plug (estimated) cash transactions in from these
figures in the United States anyhow given that you have figures for
credit and debit cards.
Source: The San Francisco Fed: "The State of Cash: Preliminary Findings
from the 2015 Diary of Consumer Payment Choice" (November 3, 2016)
.pdf here:
The US is probably low.  India has (had) more like 75%-80% rates for
cash as a payment method as recently as last year.
