
@_date: 2006-05-30 10:27:57
@_author: auto37159@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Status of opportunistic encryption 
I am also interested in Opportunistic Encryption.  Even if it is not as secure as a manually configured VPN, I am willing to trade that for what it does provide.  I have looked at setting up OpenSWAN in OE mode, but frankly it is daunting even for the reasonably geeky and far beyond any kind of mass implementation.  Also the DNS requirements make it not a viable solution for the majority of (dynamic DNS home) users.
It is fairly simple to turn on optional IPsec under windows, but then everyone needs to use a common CA (say a thawate freemail cert).  This option is far easier to use than setting up openswan in OE on your router.
I am interested in how Zimmermann's ZRTP accomplishes things, because he seems to have dropped the explicit need for PSKs or CAs.  If this is really the case, could techniques like this be used for other types of communication?
For OE to be sucessful it needs to have a critical mass on the same (or autoselectable) OE system, useable across OSs, needs to be painless to install and use, and needs to be included in standard distros configured by default as ON (say every machine which left dell had optional ipsec on (and UDP encapsulation) with a common CA :).  The necessary critical mass of people won't run OE if it requires extra effort assuming they even know of it's existance or what it does.  Skype has achieved something in the encrypted world because it is on by default.  In my unscientific WAG, more communication going over skype than SRTP, because SRTP is generally not shipped in a working state and there isn't a one stop CA.
Anytime I have recommended using STARTTLS to my sysadmin friends, they have always worried about breaking stuff and complained about needed expensive certs.  I would be willing to take the step of using a non authenticated mode (initially), if it would remove some of these impediments and create widespread use.
There is a wikipedia entry on OE, but it is quite sparse, so update it if you have something to add.
On Fri, 26 May 2006 03:18:59 -0400 Sandy Harris

@_date: 2007-06-22 16:01:01
@_author: auto37159@hushmail.com 
@_subject: ad hoc IPsec or similiar 
The wikipedia article has some information, but it could use some edits if you have new information.
On Fri, 22 Jun 2007 11:52:13 -0400 Sandy Harris Click here to double your salary by becoming a medical transcriber

@_date: 2007-11-02 10:02:50
@_author: auto37159@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Hushmail in U.S. v. Tyler Stumbo 
Calling Hushmail a scam (which seems lower in the continuum than Snake Oil) is pretty strong.  I have been (and am) a Hushmail user for many years and have been impressed by how they go about their business.  They are pretty explicit in explaining how things work, opening the code up for review, using OpenPGP, non US servers and incorporation, etc.
Given the above, I was surprised at what was in the affidavit.  I know there are several assumptions; the most glaring is that the defendants actually used the PGP implementation in the Hushmail system.  The assumed response to a legal request for emails would be the data stored on the server, which should be just PGP and headers. The affidavit does not state that crackers or keyloggers were used or that the passphrase was obtained from the users.  Given the rest of the detail, it seems like these important actions would have been listed if they were used.
I wanted to know the collective opinion on how the contents of the emails could then be made known to the DEA without a glaring hole in the implementation or administration of Hushmail, either of which would be important but disappointing to hear about.
On Thu, 01 Nov 2007 16:52:28 -0400 Jon Callas  Save hundreds on Technical School - Click here.

@_date: 2007-11-15 23:06:32
@_author: auto37159@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Hushmail CTO interviewed (Re: Hushmail in U.S. v. Tyler Stumbo) 
I was impressed by Hushmail?s candor in the above email exchange.  They generally have been open with their statements.  OTOH I was quite disappointed, actually worse than that, about the content of their answers.  Hushmail seemed to have a philosophy of doing things ?right?.  They developed a product based upon strong, peer reviewed algorithms, used well known, common and trusted PGP as a design, created an open source implementation, moved ?encryption for the masses? closer to reality by addressing some of the inconveniences of PKI, located their servers in areas outside of the US, were open in discussing the threat models, trust models, design and implementation, had people associated with them who were known for their commitment to privacy, were adamant about not allowing Carnivore to be attached to their systems, were open about complying with court orders by saying that the stored data would be turned over, but that emails which used PGP in some form would only be available in encrypted form.  For all the Snake Oil out there, Hushmail seemed to at least have the right attitude and philosophy;  they ?got it?.
Now it appears that this attitude and philosophy have changed.  They didn?t just passively turn over stored encrypted data in complying with court requests, but have, at the very least, allowed, and much more likely, assisted in the compromising of their own systems.  The first decision was to allow a version which exposed the passphrase on their servers and make it the default configuration.  This opened things up for the second decision, to modify their own systems to provide access to the very limited window and then actively collect cleartext during this small window.  It would be one thing to find out that Hushmail had lax security and their systems had been hacked.  But to find out that that Hushmail had hacked their own systems, had actively compromised their own servers in direct violation of the purpose of their business is quite a betrayal.  One not just of the user, but of principle.
I know that Phillip Zimmerman was associated with Hushmail for at least some portion of time.  IMHO these actions by Hushmail are in strong contrast to his essay, ?Why I Wrote PGP.?  and are much more in line with the linking of Donald Kerr, the principal deputy director of [US] national intelligence,  ?Privacy no longer can mean anonymity ?Instead, it should mean that government and businesses properly safeguard people's private communications and financial information.?  Furthermore, I conjecture that the complicity of Hushmail has significantly weakened the entire PGP system.  The active compromising of their servers and weak implementation of PGP provides an opening for organizations to look at the contents of PGP?d email which has been sent to a Hushmail user.  The PGP community may now assume that the passphrases of any Hushmail user have been compromised.  The number of Hushmail users means that the affect to the PGP system is much greater than a keylogger installed on a single PGP users machine. On Thu, 08 Nov 2007 14:41:35 -0500 Sidney Markowitz Fast Computer Training. Click here.

@_date: 2007-10-30 12:27:53
@_author: auto37159@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Hushmail in U.S. v. Tyler Stumbo 
Maybe this is off topic, but I think it does relate to the implementation of cryptography.
I stumbled across this filing:  relating to a drug case where the defendant and others used What I found interesting was:
1.  The amount of data which Hushmail was required to turn over to the US DEA relating to 3 email addresses.  3 + 9 = 12 CDs  What kind of and for what length of time does Hushmail store logs?
2.  That items  and  indicated that the _contents_ of emails between several Hushmail accounts were "reviewed".  3.  The request was submitted to the ISP for IP addresses related to a specific hushmail address (  How would the ISP be able to link a specific email address to an IP when Hushmail uses SSL/TLS for both web and POP3/IMAP interfaces?
Since email between hushmail accounts is generally PGPed.  (That is the point, right?)  And the MLAT was used to establish probable cause, I assume that the passphrases were not squeezed out of the plaintiff.  How did the contents get divulged?
