
@_date: 2003-08-23 00:00:11
@_author: Barry Wels 
@_subject: blackmail / real world stego use 
So far I have only found one English item in the news about this.
So let me translate some of the dutch information about this
interesting case :
A 45-year old chip designer from Utrecht was arrested June 3.
He confessed to have tried to blackmail the 'Campina' food company.
He had threatened to poison their products, and demanded 200.000 euro.
The most remarkable thing about this case is however how he
communicated with Campina, and how he thought to receive the money.
He forced Campina to open a bank account, and get a 'world card' with
it. Then they had to deposit 200.000 Euro on it (about 185.000
US dollar). He ordered them to buy a credit card reader, and read the
information off the magnetic-stripe of the 'world card'.
Then they had to send him the output of the card reader, together with
the pin code. With this information, he then could create a copy of
the 'world card' using a card-writer and a blank card.
To send him the information, he made them use steganography!
Campina received an envelope via snailmail containing a floppy with a
stego program and instructions.
They had to encode the 'world card' info into a picture of a red VW
golf, using the stego program, and a fixed crypto key that was
included in the envelope.
Finally, they had to place the picture in a fake add on a website
where large amounts of people sell/buy second hand cars.
He would then read the add, and make a copy of the picture.
Decode the stego info out of it, write his own copy of the card,
and withdraw money. Without ever having personal contact with Campina
(or the police). To be real clever, he did not approach the website
with the car adds directly. Police found out the add was approached
trough a US anonymizer called SURFOLA.com. SURFOLA.com claims on their website :
"We will not give out your name, residence address, or e-mail address
to any third parties without your permission, for any reason, at any
time, ever."
The Utrecht police informed the FBI, and asked for assistance. Within
24 hours, the FBI cracked the case, supplying the Dutch police with
a ' e-mail address and some paypal.com financial data.
This data led to the 45 year old chip programmer.
After his identity was known, the police ofcourse started surveillance on
him. The 'desert terrorist' was arrested red-handed when he withdrew money
from an ATM using the world-card copy....
Barry Wels.

@_date: 2003-09-04 00:06:16
@_author: Barry Wels 
@_subject: GSM : listen in to a call while it is still at the ringing stage ... 
GSM Association downplays mobile security concerns
von John Walko
September 3, 2003 (4:13 p.m. GMT)
LONDON - The GSM Association is playing down concerns raised by a team
of Israeli scientists about the security of GSM mobile calls. The
researchers, from the Technion Institute of Technology in Haifa,
revealed they had discovered a basic flaw in the encryption system of
the GSM (Global System for Mobile)specification, allowing them to
crack its encoding system.
The GSM Association, which represents vendors who sell the world's
largest mobile system, confirmed the security hole but said it would
be expensive and complicated to exploit.
Eli Biham, a professor at the Technion Institute, said he was shocked
when doctoral student Elad Barkan told him he had found a fundamental
error in the GSM code, according to a Reuters report on Wednesday
(Sept. 3). The results of the research were presented at a recent
international conference on cryptology.
"We can listen in to a call while it is still at the ringing stage,
and within a fraction of a second know everything about the user,"
Biham told the news agency. "Then we can listen in to the call."
"Using a special device it's possible to steal calls and impersonate
callers in the middle of a call as it's happening," he added. GSM code
writers made a mistake in giving high priority to call quality,
correcting for noise and interference and only then encrypting, Biham
The GSM Association said the security holes in the GSM system can be
traced to its development in the late 1980s when computing power was
still limited. It said the particular gap could only be exploited with
complex and expensive technology and that it would take a long time to
target individual callers.
"This [technique] goes further than previous academic papers, [but] it
is nothing new or surprising to the GSM community. The GSM Association
believes that the practical implications of the paper are limited,"
the group said in a statement.
The association said an upgrade had been made available in July 2002
to patch the vulnerability in the A5/2 encryption algorithm.
It said any attack would require the attacker to transmit distinctive
data over the air to masquerade as a GSM base station. An attacker
would also have to physically stand between the caller and the base
station to intercept the call.
The researchers claimed they also managed to overcome the new
encryption system put in place as a response to previous attacks.

@_date: 2003-09-08 22:47:18
@_author: Barry Wels 
@_subject: Code breakers crack GSM cellphone encryption/GNU Radio 
Eric Blossom of GNU Radio visited Europe one month ago.
Some radio enthusiasts in the Netherlands where interested in the
GNU radio project. So I asked Eric if it was ok to make a video for them.
The resulting two video clips are online (in MPG / VCD quality).
GNU-radio_intro.mpg and
GNU-radio _Q_and_A.mpg
A zip containing these two video files can be found on :
 (108 Mb)
Enjoy, and feel free to mirror / distribute them ...
With regards,
Barry Wels.

@_date: 2003-09-23 22:30:15
@_author: Barry Wels 
@_subject: use of A5/2 A5/0 A5/1 in the real world 
I am trying to compile a list that makes clear what country/continent
uses what type of GSM encryption (A5/0, A5/1 or A5/2). So far, I have
not been able to find any (official) documentation about this.
Searching the net I only found vague examples like 'Irak probably uses A5/0'.
Even tough most of the civilized world will probably use A5/1, there must
be enough places where A5/2 is used. If you don't know a complete list,
but know from first hand what countries use A5/2 or A5/0, I would like to
hear from you.
Ofcourse the list will be publicly available once it's completed.
Any help is greatly appreciated!
With regards,
Barry Wels
