
@_date: 2003-11-12 13:29:35
@_author: Ken Ballou 
@_subject: Protection against offline dictionary attack on static files 
Not really.  You've just come down with a bad case of the PBEs. ;-)
Take a look at PKCS  (here's a link to version 1.5:
ftp://ftp.rsasecurity.com/pub/pkcs/ascii/pkcs-5.asc).  Essentially, it's
the scheme you just described, with provisions for generating more bits
of keying material if the encryption algorithm requires more bits than the
hash algorithm provides.  (For instance, imagine AES with a 256 bit key,
but suppose the hash algorithm is SHA-1, which only produces 160 bits
of output.)
                    - Ken

@_date: 2004-12-01 15:53:21
@_author: Ken Ballou 
@_subject: IPsec +- Perfect Forward Secrecy 
I apologize in advance to all IPsec-knowledgeable readers for using
imprecise terminology.
There are two types of Security Associations (encrypted channels) involved.
The first, called an "ISAKMP SA", is strictly for control traffic between
the IPsec peers ("management metadata").  The other type is an "IPsec SA",
which is for "real" data.
The negotiation to establish an ISAKMP SA *always* involves a DH exchange.
In fact, in "main mode", there are three pairs of messages:  parameter
exchange (encryption algorithm, hashing algorithm, authentication mechanism),
DH exchange, and then authentication.  The ISAKMP SA is really set up at the
end of the DH exchange; the first order of business is to do authentication
over the encrypted channel to prevent a man-in-the-middle attack.
On the other hand, the ISAKMP mode to negotiate an IPsec SA is called "quick
mode".  It is expected that that mode does not involve costly cryptographic
operations (such as a DH exchange).  The keys for an IPsec SA are derived
from keying material established in the ISAKMP SA negotiation.  If one wants
PFS for IPsec SAs, then one includes a DH exchange in the quick mode
negotiation (thereby turning it into a "not-so-quick mode" negotiation?).
So, to summarize:
- DH exchange always happens for ISAKMP SA setup
- DH exchange may or may not happen for IPsec SA setup
OK, back to lurking ...

@_date: 2005-06-08 15:26:35
@_author: Ken Ballou 
@_subject: AmEx unprotected login site (was encrypted tapes, was Re:  Papersabout 
Unless I misunderstand, the problem is that I can not determine where my
login information will go without examining the source of the login
page.  Sure, the form might be posted to a server using https.  But,
without examining the source of the login page, I won't be able to look
at the certificate for the site to which my credentials have been sent
until it's too late.
It's still the case that if I retrieve the original login form via
https, I have to examine the page source to see to which server the form
will be posted.  But I can examine the certificate of the site from
which I got the form originally to determine whether this is a phishing
attack.  If the login form itself can be shown to have come from an AmEx
server, I'm probably more comfortable trusting that my credentials are
going to the right server.
Do I completely misunderstand?
