
@_date: 2016-12-02 17:14:19
@_author: Ben Tasker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Gaslighting ~= power droop == side channel attack 
ncryption uses 128-bit AES, and there's a "push the button to set it up"
A number of manufacturers have, historically, made a pigs ear of the
authentication implementation though -
- so although the crypto looks fairly sound, it's trivially circumvented.
Though things do seem to be improving, I was recently told that TP-Link are
finally deriving the DAK from something else.
FWIW, the Homeplug spec itself isn't too bad, the crypto's been quite well
thought about. It just unfortunate that the main chip suppliers reference
toolkit used the devices MAC addresses to generate a key that should be

@_date: 2016-10-02 20:16:09
@_author: Ben Tasker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Insecure email might be an even bigger problem 
I'm no fan of Apple's control freakery, but to be fair they provide updates
for older generations for a _long_ time (comparable to the competition).
I'd much rather the relative freedom of Android, but the pathetic attitude
towards security updates periodically makes me consider switching.
Apple could do better, of course, but I don't think their support for older
models should be tarred with the same brush as the various android oems,
networks and Google themselves.
Given they're never seemingly never going to do it by choice, part of me
feels that there should be a mandatory minimum lifetime (in terms of
updates) for phones/tablets etc. In the EU we have a mandatory 2 year
warranty on most consumer goods, personally I'd like to see something of
the same ilk.
Kit won't be supported forever but it'd be an improvement on the fire and
forget model some of the manufacturers seem to go with

@_date: 2016-10-03 19:07:52
@_author: Ben Tasker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Insecure email might be an even bigger problem 
That's probably the option I'll lean towards next time I change phone. For
now I've gone the mod route and run various bits and bobs to restrict what
apps can and cannot do.
Most, obviously, wouldn't bother so the lack of updates to most (the
majority?) of the android kit out there is still a pretty major concern,
even if individuals can mitigate it somewhat on their own kit.
I had hoped Canonical might do a decent job with Ubuntu phone, but as the
hardware it's available on is currently underwhelming (to say the least),
I've not looked too closely at it.
On the upside, I'm not currently in too much of a hurry to upgrade, and it
does look like steps are being made to address some of the issues, so the
situation may have improved a bit by the time I'm next shopping

@_date: 2017-12-29 18:35:41
@_author: Ben Tasker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fast handling of IP Address changes for HTTPS 
On 28 Dec 2017 22:14 -0500, from johnl at iecc.com (John Levine):
That's probably the best option for self-hosting, IMO. There are
options out there that don't even cost as much as $4/month, if low
cost is your primary objective and especially if you're willing to
trade some performance for a lower price.  is a
good place to start looking if you want a cheap VPS.
Or just get a cheap web hosting package somewhere and you won't have
to deal with the hassle of keeping the server running and secure.
That's the route I'd go.
However as it's not been mentioned yet, if the service is for your own use
(or you don't care about access direct from the WWW) there is another
If you configure your laptop to run as a Tor hidden service, you'll have a
.onion that doesn't care when your IP changes.
As you don't care about anonymity of the server, to reduce latency a bit
you can configure it as a single hop service - your laptop will connect
directly to the rendezvous point rather than creating a 3 hop circuit to
it. The client will still create a 3 hop circuit to the RP though.
Upsides are, no port forwarding needed and IP changes are all but
transparent. Downside is obviously that you'll need tor on your client and
will experience slightly increased latency (though in Oz you might not
notice it compared to international browsing).
For SSH you probably won't notice a difference, but if you're planning on
streaming your home movie collection it'll be more of a pain.

@_date: 2017-02-09 11:04:54
@_author: Ben Tasker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
If I was implementing this, I'd probably tie the image to something in the
site's certificate (whether that's a hash of the pub key or whatever), so
the first time you hit a https site you'd need to be prompted to set a
memorable image. So even if I've set for fidelity.com I'd get a prompt when
I hit fidelity.biz
The problem with that, of course, is when people switch browsers, the image
isn't going to be there, and (combined with possible bugs causing you to
have to re-set it) people are going to get complacent and just reset the
image when they hit fidelity.biz, defeating the point.
And that's before the faff of having to set something (or opt not to) every
time you go to a https site you've never visited before. You could avoid
that by having something in the cert to specify whether that auth mechanism
is required (to avoid the prompt on sites that don't require it), but then
fidelity.biz would just omit it from their cert and we'd be back to relying
on the user noticing that something's missing.
I've only skimmed the paper, but to be honest, I think you'd almost get
equal benefit (and setup annoyance) from having the browser inject a big
red "WARNING: YOU'VE NEVER VISITED THIS SITE BEFORE" when you visit a new
https site for the first time. That at least has the advantage of having
something the user can see, rather than the absence of something they
usually see.

@_date: 2017-02-28 08:45:45
@_author: Ben Tasker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] jammers, nor not 
Already happened (well, it was a judge rather than a Jury) -
- specifically, he dismissed the case against the shotgun wielding
neighbour because the drone was an invasion of privacy.
That case isn't over yet though, as the drone op's then filed a federal
suit -
- not sure anything's come of that yet though (or I've missed it)

@_date: 2017-01-01 17:57:30
@_author: Ben Tasker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Smart electricity meters can be dangerously 
pay.  Does it happen often enough to make it worthwhile to build "turn off
power remotely" capabilities into meters?  The traditional method - sending
someone out there to pull the meter - continues to work just fine.
AIUI, the utilities would prefer to have a remote method so that they can
save on the cost of sending someone out, as well as the potential risk to
that person if/when they're caught by the homeowner.
In theory, it also means that once you've caught up on payments, you can be
reconnected near-instantly rather than having to wait days/weeks for an
engineer to visit and reconnect you. Whether that'll prove to be the case
is something else, but it's certainly been touted as a benefit.
Yes, some (maybe now most?) do
even dangerous - but "explosions and fires"?  No.
It's not inconceivable that flipping on/off at a high rate might damage
something (assuming the fuses don't just blow), but I'm with you, the
likelihood of causing explosions/fires is small. So long, that is, as the
physical attributes of the meter have been designed to fail safe (which is
something that's almost certain to be mandated).
electronics."  From hacking the smart meter?  How, exactly?
electricity."  How?  Yes, the protocols used for these things
lines.  Just what does hacking the power meter
In the IoT ... ahem.... utopia, everything will be connected, and that
includes talking to the meter (though more likely via a "hub" than each
device independently connecting). IOW, the meter will have wireless
capabilities too.
IIRC some utilities are also working on having their meters build mesh
networks to address various reliability issues they've been seeing when
using just a GSM link, so in future it _might_ be easier for someone to
gain access to your meter.
That sentence is pretty badly written though, simply being connected to the
electricity supply shouldn't be sufficient.

@_date: 2017-01-02 19:51:43
@_author: Ben Tasker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Smart electricity meters can be dangerously 
Can't find a reference for recovery taking a week, but his papers to refer
to such an attack being the modern equivalent of a nuclear strike
The abstract here - cambridge-university/ - makes reference to it and then links out to the
original paper.
A quick scan of it though suggests it's largely a passing reference rather
than going into too much detail about the various consequences of such an
attack (there're a couple of paragraphs).

@_date: 2017-07-15 01:26:54
@_author: Ben Tasker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A software for combining text files to obtain 
On Fri, Jul 14, 2017 at 4:24 PM, mok-kong shen Assuming you're willing, it might be helpful to share a breakdown of what
those erroneous computations were (as well as the impact) so that it's
available as a reference if anyone were to try and design something similar
in the future.
We learn by others mistakes and all that.

@_date: 2017-06-01 08:26:14
@_author: Ben Tasker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Password rules and salt ... or not 
I'm not convinced that that's true.
Zero-knowledge passwords do mitigate the risk that your password will
become compromised because Site A accidentally leaked it. However, Phishing
is still very much a thing (and growing) and a phishing site would continue
to simply accept your password in the clear, then use that to generate a
ZKPP in order to try and log into your various services.
Phishing is continuing to get better and better, and with just one
password, it only takes a single mistake to potentially lose access to all
your things.
So, although ZKPP mitigates one risk, I think it's a bit strong to suggest
you could then safely have a single master passphrase. That, IMO, will
continue to be a risky proposition for quite some time.

@_date: 2017-09-14 09:13:23
@_author: Ben Tasker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] letsencrypt.org 
That's not actually entirely true, assuming you've taken the steps you need
Letsencrypt checks for CAA records in your DNS when being asked to issue a
certificate, so if you've got a preferred CA and have stuck their details
in there, then the attacker can install LetsEncrypt but won't actually be
issued a certificate.
Ballot 187 passed recently(ish) at the CAB forum, so as of a few days ago,
it's mandatory for CAs to check (and honour) CAA records - giving you more
control over who's actually allowed to issue certs for your domain.
Of course, if you're running an authoritative nameserver on the same box,
then whoever popped your machine can helpfully undo all that just long
enough to grab a valid cert, but nothing's perfect.
