
@_date: 2018-06-05 04:24:18
@_author: Ben McGinnes 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Security model of blockchains ? 
Oh, they assume a *lot* more than that, but yes there's definitely an
assumption of resources available consistently only in North America
and parts of Europe.
No doubt they truly believe themselves to be untraceable due to piping
the majority of their traffic through Tor, but I'm pretty sure that
global sales figures for GPU sales coupled with regional electricity
consumption ought to be able to locate the lot of them quite
effectively.  ;)

@_date: 2019-02-12 15:09:14
@_author: Ben McGinnes 
@_subject: [Cryptography] AS2+OpenPGP protocol extension review request 
Hi all,
may not have paid as much attention to it over the new year period;
I've been working on a little thing which is ready for some form of
peer review.
Essentially it's a design for extending the W3C's ActivityStream
version 2.0 (AS2) and ActivityPub (AP) protocols for federated social
networks (e.g. Mastodon and Pleroma) with OpenPGP in order to provide
a host of features not inherently built into AS2 and AP.
The AS2 and AP designers considered it, but realised that they didn't
have enough cryptographic knowledge to design it in a way that
wouldn't shoot someone in the foot; and so they did the responsible
thing in not making assumptions.  Instead leaving things open for that
void to be filled later.
I found their work early last year and, upon reading the specs,
realised that I was looking at a transport protocol.  Not only that,
but all the most essential cryptographic functions which needed
filling were already thoroughly addressed by another existing
protocol: OpenPGP.
My post on this thing to the gnupg-devel mailing list is here:
The W3C AS2 and AP specifications are here:
My extension proposal is the second draft and the first draft that has
been posted publicly (the actual first draft was sent to the W3C AS2
designers, a couple of GnuPG developers and a handful of others).  My
design document is available here:
The supplemental files (including public and private keys used in the
examples) are here:
Note: files.de.adversary.org is an AWS S3 bucket, so it will trigger
an SSL cert error.  Ignore it or drop back to HTTP at your own
Anyway, there are a number of people on this list in particular who I
think could make sure that I haven't catastrophically cocked the whole
thing up.  I don't think I have, but that's precisely when you should
double-check to be sure.
So if as many of you as can spare the time could please weigh in and
try to pick it apart; that'd be greatly appreciated.  It'll help make
it stronger.  Those of you who've already been down the protocol
design path are amongst those I'm particularly keen on checking this
I do realise there are still matters to discuss and finalise with
regards to transmission of keys; currently there are multiple options
included and I expect some discussion around that.  There's also two
versions of the Encrypted Note and I'm inclined to favour the second,
slightly more complex version for a number of reasons; including
working with other functions (like nesting a Signed Note inside it in
a similar manner to signed & encrypted PGP/MIME emails).
P.S.  I'm cross-posting this to the IETF OpenPGP WG mailing list on
      the off chance that there might be subscribers to that who are
      not also subscribed here or to gnupg-devel.  That may not be
      very likely, but it is possible and so a copy there doesn't
      hurt.  Apologies to those who will see it twice as result,
      though.  Especially since you're the ones I'm most keen to want
      reviewing this work.

@_date: 2019-02-12 14:25:31
@_author: Ben McGinnes 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The Voynich Manuscript as a product of a mental 
That's a very sound theory and now my second favourite.  Though it is
more likely to be correct than my favourite theory, I still just
thoroughly enjoy this one:

@_date: 2019-02-14 17:23:03
@_author: Ben McGinnes 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [openpgp] AS2+OpenPGP protocol extension review 
Ah, oops; well there's a good reason to drop initialisms and acronyms
from draft The W3C's thing is a protocol for social networking and micro-blogging
which is implemented largely in JSON format.  It grew out of the GNU
StatusNet thing, except it's clearly defined (StatusNet was a bit
hodge-podge).  Since it's federated, it's beginning to pick up a fair
bit of traction amongst the growing number of social network users who
have become disatisfied with the likes of Twitter and FarceBook.
Well, I'm not overly fussed about needing to use a short term for
these things beyond just for my own quick references during drafting;
so I'm quite happy to drop it in order to avoid future confusion.

@_date: 2019-02-16 07:11:35
@_author: Ben McGinnes 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [openpgp] AS2+OpenPGP protocol extension review 
Indeed; and as a Pythonista I am reminded of the second line in the
Zen of Python, “Explicit is better than implicit.”
That certainly applies here.
Now, if that and a final decision on key sharing within the protocol's
scope are the only real issues here, I'll be very happy (and somewhat
amazed with myself).
I'd rather be sure, though, so if you could find the time for a bit of
a closer look, I'd greatly appreciate it.  No doubt eventual end users
would appreciate it more, albeit without the concious recognition of
that (in most cases).

@_date: 2019-02-14 17:49:43
@_author: Ben McGinnes 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [openpgp] AS2+OpenPGP protocol extension review 
I was about to say MLS is *way* overkill, but then realised you were
referring to the more recent MLS[1] and not this MLS.[2]
Anyway, there were several reasons; including, but not limited to,
 1. Responding to frequent requests of users of Mastodon and Pleroma
    servers who have been requesting specific software solutions of those
    platform (most commonly citing Mailvelope or Keybase).
    I wanted to get the thing out of the realm of vendor or language
    lock-in.
 2. ActivityStreams 2.0, in spite of the name, does not actually use
    live streamed data in the same way as various IM protocols do, it
    really is a transport protocol only.
 3. OpenPGP provides an existing and proven means of meeting all the
    cryptographic shortfalls of ActivityStreams and the fediverse.
 4. I've deliberately designed this extension in a way which would
    enable an alternative cryptosystem to be designed for it or adapted
    to it in the future.  So no protocol lock-in either.
 5. None of the IM cryptosystems I thought of would meet all the needs
    of various people whose requests I read and most of them are solely
    dependent on either SSL or libsodium to the exclusion of all else.
    The former tends towards mis-implementation and various exploits, the
    latter tends towards trying to make the one thing it does do fit
    everything.
    It could be argued that that latter criticism is also true of
    OpenPGP, but on the other hand OpenPGP and, particularly GnuPG,
    can do an awful lot more too.
 6. I've spent far more time delving into GnuPG's innards than most of
    the other systems, so there was a little bias there.  Still, that's
    another reason for defining the spec in such a way that an
    alternative cryptographic protocol could be used instead.
1: 2:
