
@_date: 2001-10-11 21:01:05
@_author: Bill Scannell 
@_subject: Net Ass To Sell PGP, Gauntlet 
Reply-To: "Network Associates" [This message is brought to you as a subscriber to the Network
Associates or PGP websites. To unsubscribe, please follow
the instructions at the bottom of the page.]
To Our Valued Customers:
Since joining Network Associates at the beginning of this year, I have
focused on the best way to provide you, our valued customer, with the best
products and highest possible level of service to ensure that your network
is secure and available. Throughout the Network Associates organization we
have worked to streamline our efforts and develop products that are designed
from the ground up to meet your business needs.  As part of this effort, we
have decided to make some business decisions that will deliver greater value
to your organization.  Moving forward, Network Associates will integrate
several of its security products into the McAfee and Sniffer business units.
This integration will allow us to better meet your complex security needs,
help you drive security more deeply into your corporate infrastructure, and
extend security into your strategic business applications.  Specifically:
PGP VPN, PGPfire (Distributed Firewall), and the PGP E-Business Server will
be integrated into the McAfee business unit.
The CyberCop vulnerability assessment tool continues to be available as a
stand-alone product.  The technology will also be integrated into the McAfee
and Sniffer families of products to enhance and extend the security of
corporate systems and networks.
We have decided that the best way to move forward with the PGP Desktop
encryption and Gauntlet firewall product lines is to continue to maintain
and support our existing customers around the world while looking for a
buyer for those technologies.
We are committed to ensuring that your experience is largely unaffected by
this change, and believe this will bring you greater value with more
advanced and secure technology.  If you have any questions regarding these
changes we have set up a special phone number, (972) 619-7800 which will be
available from 6:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. Pacific Time, from today on.  Our
main focus remains on providing you with the security and network
availability solutions you need and look forward to helping you continue to
grow your business.
Best Regards,
George Samenuk Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Network Associates, Inc.
