
@_date: 2003-01-09 16:17:23
@_author: Birger Toedtmann 
@_subject: DeCSS, crypto, law, and economics 
David Turner schrieb am Wed, Jan 08, 2003 at 01:29:39PM -0500:
It depends.  In not-so-simple-scenarios, one may use it on behalf of
PR (attracting people to one's product portfolio) or bind a promising
new director who will later create a big profit-making film.  Studios
and publishers use the latter quite frequently I guess.
If a product is definitely beyond any profit, it won't get produced
by market forces, thus resulting in a pure common good.  Society may
then agree upon whether it wants that good to be produced anyway,
paying it with taxes, presumably.  You can see this with theatre,
arts, opera etc.  This is "economically rational" as well but works
outside markets only.  Don't mix rationality and market forces.
[ The same applies to goods where a producer is not able to discriminate
  usage.  If he cannot prevent some people (e.g. those who have not
  paid) to use his product, nobody would pay for it, everyone would
  freeride.  A common example is the ordinary lamp post:  How can I   prevent someone using its light?  As a consequence, market forces
  won't provide the public with street light, so it (the public) had
  to agree to pay taxes such that the community could set up the lamps.
  From an economic point of view, excessive copying could result into
  a situation where music/films become common goods because no one
  is able to prevent others from using it.  Exit Labels/Studios/Publish-
  ers.
  (Just to summarize the very obvious, excuses.) ]
Birger T?dtmann

@_date: 2003-01-15 07:26:44
@_author: Birger Toedtmann 
@_subject: RIAA turns against Hollings bill 
Nomen Nescio schrieb am Wed, Jan 15, 2003 at 01:25:01AM +0100:
Just to remind you of the arguments already known and voiced here
even more often:  to "freely make their own decisions" is possible
IFF there is no one exerting force (absence of a law, and the fall of
the CBDTPA may help in this respect) AND people have alternatives
to choose from.  The latter may not be the case in several years
from now, CBDTPA or not.  If you only can buy TCPA boards and your favourite OS will only run your favourite content when some TCPA microkernel is provably running, how's that compatible with free
decisions?  (No, I cannot build my own mainboard, sorry.)
Do you really think the industry will ask the average user whether he wants a TCPA-enabled board or not?  Do you really think the average user will even understand the question?
Driving a car is not an option if the supermarket is 50 miles from
your home and there's no bus station.
Birger Toedtmann

@_date: 2003-01-16 09:38:04
@_author: Birger Toedtmann 
@_subject: Question regarding group management of documents 
can anyone pinpoint me to some papers on this - the Net did not show up anything useful (and I hope it's not my lacking competence in using
I'd like to use a server to share documents between users.  The users
are grouped, i.e. a user of group A should not be able to read the
docs of group B (if not a member of it).  There are conceptually two
possible ways to design this:
 * use an "out-band-process" (an operating system watching over
   file permissions, a web service verifying user credentials etc.)
 * use in-band crypto on the document itself, i.e. the "permissions"
   are inherently tied to the bits it consists of
I wanted to use the latter with a critical constraint: ease of deploy-
ment (at least in a sense) which basically means that we don't want
to write a new client but use freely available ones.  So my first guess was to PGP-encrypt the files on the server using the public keys of the group-members.  The server obviously should not have the secret keys of them.  I further assume that (a) a member-no-more takes his secret key with him and (b) the server may be hacked but the hacker should not be able to read the documents (but may corrupt/delete them).
So far, so good.  Now a user leaves a group.  As the server is not
able to decrypt files and we don't want someone to decrypt 1000 files
of a group and re-encrypt them again with the members left, it would
be possible to just encrypt the already-crypted file again with the
"new" group of the remaining members (adding sort of a second armor).
Despite this being quite stressing for users if a file has some-20
armors, I did not come up with an idea for adding *new* members to a
Well, maybe I'm already on the wrong track for this issue, so I appreciate any suggestions or hints to sites/papers discussing these Birger T?dtmann

@_date: 2003-03-15 19:17:50
@_author: Birger Toedtmann 
@_subject: Microsoft: Palladium will not limit what you can run 
Jeroen C. van Gelderen schrieb am Fri, Mar 14, 2003 at 12:38:14AM -0500:
If all vendors have agreed to the same policy [TCPA] you may experiece
problems when trying to manufacture your own MB/cpu at home.
Voting does not make sense without alternatives.
So DRM with collusion of too many vendors will be a problem that even
market forces cannot solve easily if it is hard for newcomers to enter the market segment (who has the money to set up a chip plant?).
