
@_date: 2018-12-19 17:24:41
@_author: =?utf-8?B?T3NtYW4gS3V6dWN1IEhvc3RpbmcgV2ViIFRhc2FyxLFtIEdyYWZpaw==?= 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Komitments 
Please excuse my ignorance if I say something that is not feasible as I am fairly new to cryptography. However, I was thinking about a possible solution such that;
Bob’s message = Alice is an agent = a1
Time of the message = 01.01.1991 01:01 = b1
sha512(a1+b1) => result hash.
Bob then shares that result hash with some other third party and after Alice’s arrest, he shares the input data with third party and makes them verify the hash so he can prove he was the person who found about Alice.
As an example,
That is the sha512 hash of the text above;
And the exact text input that generated this hash is;
“Alice is an agent + 01.01.1991 01:01”
In that scenario, if Bob shares multiple keys with third party, using different names, such as “Jack is an agent” or “Gary is an agent” for making sure he can claim he did the discovery even if agent turns out someone else, the third party person might say “okay one hash was proof of you guessed the Alice ws agent, but what are others for?”. Such scheme would allow only one shot for Bob.
Again, excuse me if I said anything wrong. And please correct me so I can learn :)
Osman Kuzucu

@_date: 2018-10-01 07:46:30
@_author: =?utf-8?B?T3NtYW4gS3V6dWN1IEhvc3RpbmcgV2ViIFRhc2FyxLFtIEdyYWZpaw==?= 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Did Spectre help torpedo Qualcomm? (Osman Kuzucu) 
* Henry Baker:
I wonder if the server chips Qualcomm developed were hopelessly
haunted by Spectre?
I find that extremely unlikely.  There is a point (regarding cost or
power efficiency) at which most customers would stop caring.  The
whole zoo of issues is now largely perceived as a software problem
Except Spectre is not really a software problem. Check the paper in ACM
"C Is Not a Low-level Language"
in which David Chisnall explains the rather large distance between what
the C
programmers believe they are writing and what is actually executed. Spectre
is an attack on that interstitial layer, a layer that software does not
see with
bugs that software can hardly fix.

@_date: 2019-07-21 16:27:33
@_author: Osman Kuzucu 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Our leader opines on cryptocurrencies 
I am no expert on the development aspect of the Libra itself, but just by looking at what we already know, I can say that Libra can easily exceed $10 Billion market cap. Just look at XRP, a company from ground zero, just because of the Blockchain technology, it attracted a lot of people and now has around $14 Billion market cap. Now if a company like Facebook, who is well known by almost everyone, comes up with such product, of course it will attract a lot of people and I am expecting a market cap over $100 Billion in couple years. Heck, it could even exceed that easily.
When you think about it, Facebook already has a built in marketplace script, all they have to do is to make Libra official currency there, and make some agreements with the banks around the world (mostly EU banks due to regulations in US), they can easily hold a powerful place in the finance industry. If people bought Ripple with almost no advertising, many people will buy Libra too. And if Ripple could be used by banks (I am from Turkey and even we have a bank that allows you to send GBP to some banks in UK via Ripple network. Literally I can login to their online bank and see the name "Ripple" under transfer options) so can Libra.
As for the scalability, I don't know much about the technology they are going to use, but it doesn't have to be a public blockchain application. And if Facebook's/Instagram's servers can handle the content traffic, then they can easily handle the transactions, and all they have to do could be wrap up all the transactions in any given minute and record it to the blockchain. We don't know if they are going to make it a distributed blockchain or not. So maybe, they can just use the technology's name, keep the records in chain, and do all the other stuff in regular servers. And if they really want a blockchain app, I am pretty sure they can handle 30K+ transactions per second.
And for the idea of it, it doesn't have to replace the USD or any other currency in one day, but it sure will be around in the future.

@_date: 2019-06-03 08:42:31
@_author: Osman Kuzucu 
@_subject: [Cryptography] About Secret Sharing Schemes and a Question 
I am a cryptography fan and a beginner in the field and I wanted to hear opinions from the Cryptography mailing list members. I have been searching about the "Secret Sharing Schemes" and came across to the Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme. The idea/method seems pretty smart, and it seems like this scheme has been being widely used. However, about the security aspect of the scheme, I am a little worried. A study I read about the scheme's weakness from a paper by Tompa & Woll ( shows that it is possible to cheat in that scheme when asynchronous secret share exchange happens. The paper also suggest a better approach, but again, the paper is from 1989, and could be outdated.
What I actually want to ask is, what would be the best way of distributing a secret to n amount of people and allowing k of them being able to read, where k=

@_date: 2019-06-05 14:23:21
@_author: Osman Kuzucu 
@_subject: [Cryptography] About Secret Sharing Schemes and a Question 
Phillip Hallam-Baker > şunları yazdı (4 Haz 2019 23:10):
Also, as for the application of the scheme, I wanted to ask one more situation. Assuming we have a secret S (a private key maybe?) distributed to n different secret share holders by using a secret sharing scheme, and we are periodically (say every month) producing data, namely D1, D2, D3 ... Dn. Our rule is, if k amount of people come together, they should be able to produce a data Di, which would be verifiable by the public that it was generated by at least k amount of share holders' collaboration. However, we do not want any share holder, or anyone from public to learn the actual secret S, so that no share holder, who contributed to the data production, will not be able to produce any other data Di+1 in the future without other share holders' help. As far as I know, at all secret sharing schemes collaborating once is enough for share holders to learn the main secret S (in the case of the papers, it was almost an integer number). Is there a way that we could use, or maybe combine public-private viewkeys, or make the secret S some encrypted data, or any other thing that would allow such real life application?
Sure, you can use partially-homomorphic ElGamal threshold encryption based on Shamir secret sharing.  You want to add a way for each member to prove they did their end of the computation honestly, so you'll need some custom zero-knowledge proofs.  There are frameworks for generating them for code like this.  You can encrypt, decrypt, re-encrypt to a new public key, or sign which such a scheme.  No member learns anything about the shared secret, and every so often the group can re-key, so if an attacker has some shares < t, those shares become useless.
There are some very nice theoretical schemes but when you start to implement them for real, they tend to collapse down to all being variants of the same thing.
This is a work in progress.
I use Shamir Secret sharing for the purpose of providing a key escrow mechanism that does not depend on hardware for key recovery.
I also use a very simple key splitting mechanism where I require m of m keys to be used to decrypt. This covers the case where Alice wants to read her end-to-end encrypted mail on her mobile phone but have some means of disabling access if the phone is lost, she is passing through customs, etc. So if her private key a = x+y, she puts x on her phone and y in the cloud. The cloud machine cannot encrypt on its own and neither can her mobile. They must both co-operate.
Now I can imagine extending the same approach to allow the key to be split so that n

@_date: 2020-12-14 06:06:37
@_author: Osman Kuzucu 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Possible reason why password usage rules are 
Phillip Hallam-Baker  ?unlar? yazd? (22 Nov 2020 19:40):
Those types of check are better than nothing but not really providing very much security and introducing an incredible level of user aggravation. Password authentication is beginning to fail in the same way that email is now failing as a result of countless ad-hoc attempts to mitigate spam.
The argument I am making is that we need to design an infrastructure for this express purpose rather than continue to try to cobble together 'good enough' security based on what inevitably turn out to be half-assed guesses as to what security is actually being achieved.
IP addresses change regularly. Users make use of different browsers on the same machine. SMS is not secure in any shape or form, SS7 hijacking is a trivial technical challenge yet it is depended on, etc. etc.
Time to do the job right.
Turkish Government has a solution called ?E-imza? which is a centralized digital signature solution type of thing. I don?t know if such thing exists on other countries but here what they do is that they provide a X.509 compliant certificate for the citizen and then put this certificate and some additional keys (I couldn?t find any technical document which explains what type of additional keys) in a USB stick and ship it to the citizen. Later the citizen can legally sign documents using again another central app to authenticate themselves with the USB stick. Medical doctors now write prescriptions with this technology and many other professions started adopting this.
The approach here is better than using passwords. However, due to the manufacturing process of the USB stick, it is time consuming and expensive process. Perhaps an open sourced decentralized authentication solution that provides certificates to individuala could be the way to go. Then the apps would have to adopt the technology, and perhaps make the user sign a randomly generated text by the app with the timestamp. Upon verifying the signed message, authorize the user.

@_date: 2020-12-18 19:59:37
@_author: Osman Kuzucu 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Am I missing something about CBDC ? 
Turkish Banks already have a system that transfers money (with almost no limit) between accounts from same bank. Also you could transfer up to $150-200K worth money in national currency to any other national bank with little to none fee during business hours. Now they have upgraded the infrastructure and allows instant transfers between accounts from different banks 24/7.
While that technology exists and already field tested, I doubt that the central banks would want to have a CBDC to provide that functionality.

@_date: 2020-12-20 10:54:48
@_author: Osman Kuzucu 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Am I missing something about CBDC ? 
I don?t think that would work for any bank because there?s something called ?Reserve Ratio? which is set at 10% for US banks. That?s what gives chance to banks to be flexible with the money they have and give out loans.

@_date: 2020-12-21 05:06:57
@_author: Osman Kuzucu 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Possible reason why password usage rules are 
Sadly there is no technical documentation in Turkish too, or burried too deep that I couldn?t find. All the Turkish pages just explain what it is very briefly without saying how it actually works. And also there is no explanation for why they use X.509
As for the complexity, there are authorized e-signature issuing private companies. They all provide their own software which is linked to the government at the end. When a user wants to sign something with e-signature, the website opens a pop-up, that connects to the e-signature app that?s running on the user?s computer, shows details of the document and allows user to sign it. Once signed, website takes the signature data and transfers to the government portal and provides a QR code and serial number for the document so others can verify the document was indeed signed. It is basically working like the ?Metamask? extension on browsers for ETH transactions. Just you need a USB stick where certificate(s) are stored. You can?t sign everything with e-signature. The website/app has to be registered to the government portal first and has to be approved. Then they get API keys and documents for implementing the signing script on website.

@_date: 2020-12-30 09:17:52
@_author: Osman Kuzucu 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Ynt:  Bitcoin is a disaster. 
G?nderen: Ray Dillinger  ad?na cryptography G?nderildi: 29 Aral?k 2020 Sal? 04:07
Kime: cryptography Konu: [Cryptography] Bitcoin is a disaster.
The pseudonymity of coins being owned by the bearer of some
cryptographic key is a failure;  People have been eavesdropping and
aggressively analyzing the block chain from day 1.  And the block chain
will always be there, it will always be public, and it will always be
subject to further analysis.  And we are learning that analysis of that
record is sufficient to destroy any pretense of anonymity or
I don't know if Satoshi thought about this aspect of the Bitcoin when it was published. I started to think that he just came up with a product that he hoped would be used worldwide, but he couldn't predict all the outcomes and problems we are facing right now. The anonymity on Bitcoin blockchain is non-existent right now if one has enough money and time to analyze an address(es).
The scarcity of block chain space has led people to re-invent every
last feature of the banks they thought they were going to be escaping.
Including debt brokering (lightning network) and fractional-reserve
banking, starting with the case of Mt.Gox and continuing to ventures
today by "responsible" businesspeople who just don't get, or don't
care, or both, that the entire reason the system existed, as far as the
early adopters were concerned, was to get away from exactly that.  They
have made Bitcoin into a debt-based system like any other; as long as
the "exchange" holds your keys for you, there is no obligation for them
to maintain assets equal to the deposits.  You can't prove that they
are, or aren't, maintaining sufficient assets until after those assets
are spent and the evidence appears in the block chain.
The problems mentioned here are the results of people's understanding of money, their user experience and their expectations. I am now trying to run an airdrop program for an ERC-20 token (call it a shit token if you like), even though we are recommending everyone to create their own wallet and tell them "own your private keys!", many are too lazy to do so and would like to use an exchange wallet instead. Some even complains that they don't trust wallets like MyEtherWallet for private key generation and prefer to trust the exchange company.
I believe the reason here is legally registered entities have to obey the law and if not, they might face penalties and the owners might even go to jail. And if something goes wrong with their wallet or funds, they will find someone behind, someone accountable from their accounts'/funds' security. On the other hand, if you create your own wallet and your private keys gets lost or stolen, you lose all your funds and there is no insurance or a way to claim those coins/tokens back.
That's why currently we are criticizing the cryptocurrencies. Yes, they bring the decentralization and "own your assets" into finance ecosystem but they are getting rid of the insurance and recovery. I believe no one would want to hold an asset that might be lost or stolen and it is irrecoverable. While the idea of decentralization is good, it is against the user experience, and it doesn't match with the user needs. Hence, we have the central solutions for Bitcoin.
Mining is f***ng broken, and ASICs make it actively work against a
significant number of its design goals.
Again this is the matter of "how can I make a decentralized network for financial transactions". Trusting to cryptography might have seemed good at the time but now it's not decentralized and I doubt any network out there that requires an investment to be part of will be centralized to some aspect. Simply because more money you have the more miners you can afford, rich would own the network. We can't trust on staking too because again, rich could run multiple nodes to control the network. Authorized node approach is directly centralized too, so what we are left with? I don't know.
So, Bitcoin was a good effort, it deployed some new ideas and
technology, and showed that at some scale the "block chain" idea
worked, but ultimately, although a successful proof of concept, failed
to deliver.  It doesn't scale, except by becoming the very thing it was
supposed to replace.
The more scalable the network becomes, the more centralized it becomes,
until ultimately a "scalable" cryptocurrency would be doing things
exactly the same way as a credit card processor.
Perhaps in the future someone will develop a blockchain where one human being can only contribute once and with limited power, say it finger print scanning, or retina scanning, or even DNA submitting (or whatever it could be, I'm just making up stuff). Even in that case, I am 100% sure that a rich person could distribute some amount of money to get the authentication keys/methods/data from those individuals and make the network somehow centralized. If people keep acting like a sheep, there'll be a shepherd guiding them and milking them all the time.
So, the question is, could we develop a truly decentralized network? Perhaps.
But should we do it? I think not.
As humans are prone to error, at least there has to be some level of insurance/support has to be involved. Especially to deal with refunds and all. At the end, this is what made human race "the smartest animal" because unlike most animals, we collaborate, we help each other, and we advance together. Those are my thoughts tho, what is best for humans and the society is yet to be determined, and be taught at schools in history classes ?
- Osman

@_date: 2020-11-20 20:03:59
@_author: Osman Kuzucu 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Possible reason why password usage rules are 
G?nderen: cryptography-request at metzdowd.com  ad?na cryptography G?nderildi: 20 Kas?m 2020 Cuma 20:00
Kime: cryptography at metzdowd.com Konu: cryptography Digest, Vol 91, Issue 19
Message: 2
        List , Peter Gutmann
You are optimizing for a very specific case:
(1) A site uses password hashes,
(2) for passwords that are allowed to be long,
(3) and are honored in their entire length*,
(4) is broken into and they don't tell me,
(5) the breakin doesn't include general admin powers but just supplies
that one file,
(6) the attacker bothers to crack the hash for my password, and
(7) it does any good for the attacker to have that password.
* Even Linux is willing to let you use long passwords where anything
past 8-characters are quietly ignored?if you set things up wrong. I've
twice discovered this where I didn't set it up that way, a system
installation script did.
If I don't recycle passwords, getting all the way to  lets the
attacker impersonate me only on this one iffy site, which the attacker
already has some backdoor access to. By insisting on unmanageably long
passwords for everything, you do avoid this one narrow circumstance.
But there are a lot of ways for people to get security wrong, by the
time they let their password data leak you need to assume things are
very broken.
What makes you think there is any hashing going on at random site?
I have a large collection of plain-text passwords that have publicly
leaked, where did I get those? That doesn't smell like hashing to me.
Why do so many sites have password length and severe password content
restrictions? That doesn't smell like hashing to me.
As long as my password even approaches a couple dozen-ish bits of real
entropy, if I haven't given away copies (by recycling), my password is
not going to be the weak link.
Do you have an ATM card? Well, if someone finds a way into your bank's
computers that isn't via your PIN, then it didn't happen because your
PIN was too short. And if you have to change your PIN as part of the
cleanup, your new one doesn't have to be any longer than was your old
one. The PIN wasn't the problem.
By telling people that every password has to be unmanageably long, you
are effectively discouraging people from using difficult passphrases
when it really does matter: for encryption.
An addition to that, I believe that we don't need long/unmanageable passwords for having a good account security. Instead we should enforce additionaly security checks like 2FA or e-mail notice upon signing up on a new device/browser/IP address.
I believe the issue is not how websites store the password files (which they should be storing in hashed format) but how that information could be used. If my password is leaked from a website A, the attacker won't be able to do anything with that information, unless they can sign in to that website or other websites where I might be using the same password. If the applications restrict such suspicious activities, and inform the user, leaks won't be an issue.
Passwords were a way to authenticate user actions in the past but now we have different options to ease the process. Just like how you call your bank and they ask various security questions before sharing any information with you about your account, websites and all apps that require authentication should utilize those secondary authentication methods. Then we won't have any problem in terms of password security.

@_date: 2020-11-21 22:41:29
@_author: Osman Kuzucu 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Ynt: Possible reason why password usage rules are 
G?nderen: Lodewijk andr? de la porte G?nderildi: 22 Kas?m 2020 Pazar 00:18
Kime: Osman Kuzucu Konu: Re: [Cryptography] Possible reason why password usage rules are such a mess
I'm sort of waiting for the large IT corps to do 'continuous authentication' where we just get a location pinned to ourselves all the time.
E.g. a device OS (win/macosx) ID's a person to be near, a website gets a token to act-in-the-name of. Passwords additional. Cellphones/watches/shoes get "it's me" support move. IOT devices and control over them are supporting arguments. Friends and colleagues support authentication / password override / re-authentication efforts. NFC scanning an identity document dedups and assures.
Biometrics are funky, authenticated (trust platform) webcams could receive modules for processing imagery and perform arbitrary ID on objects, faces, fingerprints.
All this to reduce the dominance of remember something makes it you.
We might also reconsider the utility of accounts in many situations. An account or ID can be far more generalized without losing functionality in most all access conditions.
Device-as-identity is also possible for many more, e.g. warehouses may use dedicated scanning devices, welcome the coms badges, etc.
Facing the truth - passwords are just easy. In set situations, forgetting them costs users involved a great deal.
The 'can't spend money unless you're near' cyphernetwork is still a ways out I guess~
Passwords "were" just easy. Right now due to the restrictions on password choice, and before mentioned brute-force techniques and leaks, they are not easy anymore. My bank keeps asking me to change my password every 3 months, doesn't let me use any password that I used in the past. In order to do that check, they have to store my previous passwords as well. In case of a leak, not only I'll lose my current password data but also all the previously used passwords which I might be using for different banks at the time because different banks also keep asking me to change my password.
Google does a good thing here I guess, they first authenticate your mobile device, and whenever you signup from a new device or have a suspicious activity, they ask you to confirm the action from your mobile device. It doesn't take any longer than 10 seconds to verify the authentication and move on.
At the end, the reason why we have passwords is to authorize the user. However, current solutions are evolving based on a solution we found in the past, and assuming it's still the easiest/best solution. I believe if we focus on the problem, we can come up with better and more secure solutions.
