
@_date: 2001-12-19 08:56:59
@_author: Kossmann, Bill 
@_subject: Adobe barred from distributing software 
Adobe barred from distributing software By Scarlet Pruitt
IDG News Service      A U.S. federal district court judge filed a preliminary injunction order
against Adobe Systems Inc. Wednesday, barring it from distributing its
InDesign page layout software amid allegations of copyright infringement. [
... ]
The article appears in full at: As Lawrence Fishburne (as Morpheus in 'The Matrix') said, "Fate, it seems,
is not without a sense of irony."
Bill Kossmann, CGA
Business Analyst
David Thompson Health Region
Red Deer, Alberta, Canada
Tel: (403) 343 4463
Fax: (403) 348 0950

@_date: 2002-02-01 11:40:50
@_author: Kossmann, Bill 
@_subject: FW: update.575 
The article below may be of interest to members of this list.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, January 30, 2002 09:04
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE                         The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 575  January 30, 2002   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben Stein,
and James Riordon
SQUEEZING INFORMATION FROM ZIPPING PROGRAMS.
Data compression programs, such as the file zipping applications
found on many personal computers, provide an unusual means to
analyze information. Researchers at the La Sapienza University in
Rome (Emanuele Caglioti, caglioti at mat.uniromal.it, 39-06-4991-
4972) have demonstrated how compression routines can accurately
identify the language, and even the author, of a document without
requiring anyone to bother reading the composition. The key to the
analysis is the measurement of the compression efficiency that a
program achieves when an unknown document is appended to
various reference documents.
      Zipping programs typically compress data by searching for
repeated strings of information in a file. The programs record a
single copy of the information and note the locations of subsequent
instances of the string. Unzipping a file consists of replacing various
bits of information at the locations recorded by the zipped file. Such file compression routines work better on long files because
programs are, in effect, learning about the type of information they
are encoding as they move  through the data. Add a page of Italian
text to an Italian document, and a zipping  program achieves good
efficiency because it finds words and phrases that appear earlier  in
the file. If, however, Italian text is appended to an English
document, the program is forced to learn a new language on the fly,
and compression efficiency is reduced.
       The researchers found that file compression analysis worked
well in identifying the language of files as short as twenty characters
in length, and could correctly sort books by author more than 93%
of the time.  Because subject matter often dictates vocabulary, a
program based on the analysis could automatically classify
documents by semantic content, leading to sophisticated search
engines. The technique also provides a rigorous method for various
linguistic applications, such as the study of the relationships
between different languages. Although they are currently focusing
on text files, the researchers note that their analysis should work
equally well for any information string, whether it records DNA
sequences, geological processes, medical data, or stock market
fluctuations. (D. Benedetto, E. Caglioti, and V. Loreto, Physical
Review Letters, 28 January 2002)

@_date: 2002-01-08 08:54:20
@_author: Kossmann, Bill 
@_subject: FW: Face Scanning Technology Proven Useless 
The article below isn't really crypto-related, but it does validate what
many in this list have said for a long time.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, January 07, 2002 21:52
Crowd surveillance kit using face recognition technology by Visionics has
been a comic failure in tests by the Tampa, Florida police, the American
Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has discovered.
By leveraging the Florida open-records law, the watchdog organization
obtained system logs proving that the Visionics contraption has thus far
failed to identify one single crook or pervert listed in the department's
photographic database, while falsely identifying 'a large number' of
innocent citizens.

@_date: 2002-05-31 08:57:46
@_author: Kossmann, Bill 
@_subject: Commercial quantum crypto product - news article 
Anybody familiar with this product?
This message is brought to you by IT World Canada Inc., publisher of ComputerWorld, Network World, CIO Canada, CxO and CIO Governments' Review.
Daily ITwire from ITworldcanada.com
Friday, May 31, 2002
A Swiss company has announced the commercial availability of what it says are the first IT products which exploit quantum effects rather than conventional physics to achieve their goals. (05/31/2002)

@_date: 2003-01-03 11:14:49
@_author: Kossmann, Bill 
@_subject: FW: Physics News Update 619 
FYI (second article near the bottom of this message).
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, January 03, 2003 10:38
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE
The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 619 January 3, 2003   by Phillip F. Schewe, Ben Stein, and James
X-RATED INTERFEROMETRY. The appearance of an x-ray interference pattern in
a Fabry-Perot interferometer has been achieved, for the first time, by a
group of physicists at the University of Hamburg (Yuri Shvyd'ko,
yuri.shvydko at desy.de, 49-40-8998-2200). This might lead to a new
generation of x-ray optical devices, such as high-resolution x-ray spectral
filters, or x-ray clocks, and, more important still, a new way of
calibrating length measurements at the atomic scale. X-rays are a potent
type of electromagnetic radiation, with a much higher energy and smaller
the cavity, the spectral sharpness of the Fabry-Perot interference fringes
was estimated to be less than a micro-electron-volt. This is more than 100
times better than the best x-ray crystal monochromators can do. (Shvyd'ko et
al., upcoming article in  Physical Review Letters; accompanying figure will
be posted on Jan 6 at  ; see also related PRL article, 17
July 2002;  )
FEASIBLE CHAOTIC ENCRYPTION.   Encryption schemes that hide messages in
chaotic signals have attracted attention in recent years as a means to
transmit information securely (Update 170, 361), but most work has been
either theoretical or strictly limited to laboratory experiments. Now a
group of researchers in Beijing have managed to demonstrate chaotically
encrypted, two-way voice transmission through the Beijing Normal University
computer network. With a 32-bit encryption structure, a 750 MHz personal
computer can encode information at speeds comparable to the widely
recognized Advanced Encryption Standard, and support voice communication at
typical telephone speeds and quality. While no encryption technique is
absolutely impenetrable, the researchers (Hu Gang, Beijing Normal
University, hugang at sun.ihep.ac.cn, 86-10-62208420) explain that their
communication scheme is reasonably secure (it would take an intruder armed
with a personal computer more than a million times the lifetime of the
universe to break the code) as well as being feasible in realistic,
commercial settings. (S. Wang et al., Physical Review E, December 2002.)
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE is a digest of physics news items arising
from physics meetings, physics journals, newspapers and
magazines, and other news sources.  It is provided free of charge
as a way of broadly disseminating information about physics and
physicists. For that reason, you are free to post it, if you like,
where others can read it, providing only that you credit AIP.
Physics News Update appears approximately once a week.
AUTO-SUBSCRIPTION OR DELETION: By using the expression
"subscribe physnews" in your e-mail message, you
will have automatically added the address from which your
message was sent to the distribution list for Physics News Update.
If you use the "signoff physnews" expression in your e-mail message,
the address in your message header will be deleted from the
distribution list.  Please send your message to: listserv at listserv.aip.org
(Leave the "Subject:" line blank.)
