
@_date: 2017-10-01 21:07:24
@_author: Nabil Alsharif 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Amazing possibilities for steganography 
Please edit your post so you're not top posting. List rules ask for
no top posting. :) Then just send it back to the list and I'll approve
it and send it thru. Thanks.
I fail to see how this could be used for steganography. Do you mean
having an image that is interpreted by the humans as one thing (e.g.
Apple) and a neural network as another (e.g. microphone)? Considering
that the label provide little information (usually just a couple of
words) I don't see a practical use yet, but then again my imagination
could be limited.
The major application I see for this is confusing automated
surveillance systems and other automated recognition systems.
Think this:
combined with this:
 Nabil Alsharif

@_date: 2020-04-04 08:19:37
@_author: Nabil Alsharif 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Polish govt open-sources an app for fighting the 
Thankfully they are not just vacuuming up all the data and giving the
user some control over when and if the data is sent. That second
sentence though made me wonder how the Health Authorities would identify
which people to quarantine and how to contact them? We can speculate all
day about potential solutions, but I would wonder if the devices collect
enough information for the user to positively identify someone they were
standing next to in the grocery line.

@_date: 2020-12-17 11:04:54
@_author: Nabil Alsharif 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Am I missing something about CBDC ? 
The devil is in the details here. There isn't a common framework for how
CBDCs will work yet, so there is nothing to draw concrete conclusions
from. There are various options in how a CBDC _could_ be built, and
those options have trade offs and implications but without referencing a
specific CBDC you can't reference the options they've chosen and
therefore can't talk about the trade offs yet.
The paper you referenced in your original message does try to select
some various options that the author expects CBDCs to go with and even
with those options the devil in in the details. For example:
* The paper mentions that "The CBDC will incorporate programmable
money". Depending on how this is done you can make different
conclusions. If the "programing system" is Turing complete the you are
going to run into various smart contract hacks like you see in Ethereum
today. On the other hand, if the "programming system" is more limited
the you can make some assertions and guarantees about the contracts
(aka. programs) correctness, but you also limit the possible programs
that can be written.
* The paper states that "here will be no purely anonymous wallets" and
at the same time "Unhosted wallets will be possible" which to me are
contradictory statements. Even though a form of ID might be required to
create a wallet (i.e. get a private key authorized), since the wallet is
unhosted there is nothing that prevents that wallet from being stolen
(or sold) effectively making the new owner of the wallet anonymous.
I think it would be helpful if you could give us specific questions and
reference a specific CBDC implementation. In that case we might be able
to provide more concrete answers.

@_date: 2020-11-23 14:21:48
@_author: Nabil Alsharif 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Possible reason why password usage rules are 
Although everything Arnold said is true, if the latest NIST
recommendation from the NIST were followed the comparisons above would
become mute. There is this commonly overlooked excerpt from NIST SP 800-63B:
The key here is that the salted and hashed password should be hashed
again using a separate salt that is _stored separately than the hashed
secret_. This means if an attacker were able to dump of the password
hashes the attacker could not perform a brute force attack unless they
also got they second, separately stored, salt as well. This raises the
bar significantly since a raw DB dump (i.e. plain old SQL injection)
isn't enough to be able to get the original passwords any more.
Nabil Alsharif.
