
@_date: 2003-10-17 14:21:00
@_author: Bodo Moeller 
@_subject: anonymous DH & MITM 
Ian Grigg :
Actually the "anonymous" DH ciphersuites can be (and are) employed to
implement *authenticated* DH by using non-TLS means for authentication.
(Specifically, what you can do is authenticate the TLS Finished
messages, which involve hashes of the complete handshake.)  This can
be useful for using TLS in protocols without tainting them with X.509,
and without creating specific new TLS ciphersuites.
It is true that TLS would be (slightly) less complex if it didn't have
both certificate-based and certificate-less ciphersuites.  But TLS as
employed in such protocols would become more complex if you had to use
self-signed certificates (meaning that implementations would have to
be able to parse X.509 stuff that currently can do without it).
Also note that using a self-signed certificate means that you actually
have to sign it (after all, the peer might try and "verify" it).  This
means additional private-key operations, and thus makes the protocol
Bottom line: Deprecating TLS ADH in favor of self-signed certificates
would reduce complexity in a certain sense, but add complexity in
other contexts.  It also would make the handshake slower.  I don't
think it would be a good idea.

@_date: 2005-09-20 20:17:03
@_author: Bodo Moeller 
@_subject: ECC patents? 
Not quite.  I understand the agreement is about using MQV and other
patented stuff, but limited to certain curves.  This alone does not
necessary imply that the *patent* situation is different for prime
fields and binary fields, or for different field sizes -- it just
means that the *license* to the relevant patents has been restricted
accordingly.  Scott Vanstone reports that Certicom would have charged
more for including binary curves as well and this is why they were
left out (for now).
The OpenSSL team, cowards that they are, omitted MQV and other stuff
that would infringe on patents.  MQV is a useful protocol, but clearly
covered by patents.  OpenSSL does support both prime curves and (more
recently thanks to the Sun contribution) binary curves, but without
point compression for binary curves since this would be another patent
