
@_date: 2002-03-20 19:21:14
@_author: Roop Mukherjee 
@_subject: Secure peripheral cards 
I am searching for some citable references about secure peripheral cards.
Contrary to what I had imagined when I had started searching, I found very
little. I am looking to see what are the peripherals that have
cryptographic capabilities and what are thier capabilities?
The Embassy ( thing seems like a single secure system in
itself, which can run programs and do everything from secure boot to
secure IO. So I imagine that all of this stuff will not be put in the
peripherals. Also in the same vein US patent 6,314,409 talk of a secure
system but in more abstract terms.
Intel's audio players and sigmatels auddio _decoders_ (can be a
comeplte device or a peripheral according to the brochure) seems to calim
Microsoft's DRM compatibility.
I would appreciate some better references.

@_date: 2002-03-22 09:45:04
@_author: Roop Mukherjee 
@_subject: Secure peripheral cards 
I was posing this question with some client based transaction system in
mind such as the proposed digital rights management (DRM) system, as
opposed to secure access to servers.
There are several companies that are touting that they have solutions for
DRM. Microsoft's story is that they have a secure kernel that will only
load secure drivers and their secure DRM app can playback stuff without
the user copying the pain-text data. It is probably plain to see why the
kernel, the driver or the application  that the user can insert and delete
instructions from should not be considered secure.
Wave.com touts this security system called Embassy. It is supposed to be
made up of everything from a secure chip, secure applets running on them,
secure OS secure trust network of such deives etc. They talk of deploying
this in everything from a keyboard to speakers. Even after looking for
weeks I only have a sketchy view of the working of the suystem. If someone
here knows more about it please let me know.
What I was seeking waas some concrete examples of the use and/or
deployment of the secure chips, applets etc. to create DRM or secure
client systems, as opposed to servers that can process loads of secure

@_date: 2003-04-03 15:38:58
@_author: Roop Mukherjee 
@_subject: Logging of Web Usage 
Could this not use most of the code from the Onion Router itself. I am assuming that the code was made freely available and someone has a copy if
