
@_date: 2001-11-01 10:00:46
@_author: Roop Mukherjee 
@_subject: Proving security protocols 
I have being trying to read about formally proving security protocols. I
have seen the work of Needham, Paulson et. al., Meadows among others.
I was wondering if anyone here has seen a comparison between these
approaches to evaluate things like ease of use and effectiveness. I mean
something with a little more detail than the related work section of most
of these papers.
Is one of these approaches considered as "best-practice" or is more
commonly used than the other?
Can someone offer some criticism of the practice formal verification in
general ?

@_date: 2001-10-18 15:26:01
@_author: Roop Mukherjee 
@_subject: limits of watermarking (Re: First Steganographic Image in the 
The fact that someone can break open his box/software and sucessfully
invalidate their verification scheme does not mean that there is no value in
copy marks. Initial schemes that verify copymarks may not make it
impossible to cheat, but they will raise the barrier. To compare, in
theory one can break even strong encryption. We only try to make it
"sufficiently" hard. The copy protection schemes that are being debated
may not be as good at raising the bar as some others like SSL but the
recording industry will push ahead because evey copyright violator
discouraged means savings in the piracy attributed losses that their
analysts (somewhat mysteriously) produce.

@_date: 2001-10-19 10:24:55
@_author: Roop Mukherjee 
@_subject: limits of watermarking (Re: First Steganographic Image in theWild) 
I am not certain which scheme of copy protection you are refering to. But
I agree that any scheme that relies on a secret recipie (ala Coca Cola)
would not be effective. The analogy was intended towards publicy know
provably strong means of copy protection. Most security measures these
days would be foolish to choose otherwise. My impression of the DRM
work that was being undertaken is that most of it aiming towards "open
specifications" that are provably secure. For instance the SDMI charter
says, "...to develop open technology specifications that protect the
playing, storing, and distributing of digital music ...". Measures like
this would indeed raise the bar in much the same way as some other
security measures like SSL did.

@_date: 2001-10-22 10:23:04
@_author: Roop Mukherjee 
@_subject: limits of watermarking (Re: First Steganographic Image in theWild) 
For the sake of the yet-to-be-converted people like myself, could you at
least point to the impossiblity arguments that have conviced you and
possibly others, that strong open standards copy protection is impossible.
Thanks in advance,
