
@_date: 2002-08-20 19:08:59
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Exploits Contributor Program (fwd) 
I just got the following spam. I have no idea what their deal is, anybody
care to guess if it's an extortion group?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
iMoolah is pleased to announce the official launch of its Exploits
Contributor Program (ECP). The ECP pays contributors very well for
the advance and exclusive notification of exploit code and malicious
iMoolah belives you might find our terms for contributing to the ECP
very attractive. The following provides answers to some basic
questions about the program:
Q. How will it work?
A. iMoolah understands the majority of security researchers are paid
peanuts for publishing security research, and $400 for a fully
working unpublished exploit just doesn't cut it; rather, it could be
for any of a number of motivations, including the following:
 * MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY. Everyone's in it for a quick buck.
 * Other more boring reasons that have nothing to do with moolah.
The ECP is for those who may or may not want to have their research
made public to the Internet community, but who would definitely like
to be paid for doing the work.  The compensation will depend, among
other things, on the following items:
 * The kind of information being shared (i.e. local or root exploit)
 * The amount of detail and analysis provided
 * The potential severity level for the information shared
 * The types of applications, OSes, and other software/hardware
 * Verification by iMoolah
 * The level of exclusivity for data granted to iMoolah
 * Number of users of the affected application
We don't want anything worth less than US$1000, and we won't pay you
anything less either.  And if you've got something really good, we'll
give you much more than that.  Who said you have to stay poor?
Q. Who should contribute to the ECP?
A. The ECP is open to any individual, security research group or
other entity.  That means YOU and your buddies.
Q. Why are you launching this program?
A. Many services charge clients for access without paying the
original contributor. Under the iMoolah program, the contributor is
compensated, iMoolah verifies the issue, and we only let the public
know if you want us to.
Q. Who gets the credit?
A. The contributor is always credited for discovering the exploit
Q. When can I contribute?
The ECP is active. You are welcome to begin contributing today.
To learn more, go to  If you have
questions or would like to sign up as a contributor to the ECP,
please contact us at ecp at imoolah.hotusa.org.

@_date: 2002-01-09 03:31:43
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Cypherpunks 011202 at Stanford: Anti-Terrorism & Security  Policy 
That was probably meant to read '13 January 2002'
Also, I believe coderpunks at toad.com is dead.
