
@_date: 2008-07-10 18:28:34
@_author: Brecht Wyseur 
@_subject: Permanent Privacy - Are Snake Oil Patents a threat? 
This is the patent you're searching for:
Secure encryption system, device and method - Patent 20060193472
Brecht Wyseur
Katholieke Universiteit Leuven tel. +32 16 32 17 21
Dept. Electrical Engineering-ESAT / COSIC fax. +32 16 32 19 69
Kasteelpark Arenberg 10, B-3001 Leuven-Heverlee, BELGIUM office 01.53
 brecht.wyseur at esat.kuleuven.be
  P=NP if (P=0 or N=1)
GPG Pub key: GPG Fingerprint: 890C 7C0B F1D9 597E F205 87C8 B716 D7D3 20F8 353F
Disclaimer:

@_date: 2009-05-28 11:27:53
@_author: Brecht Wyseur 
@_subject: white-box crypto Was: consulting question.... 
2009/5/27 Alexander Klimov >:
White-box crypto is about implementing cryptographic primitives in
such a way that they remain /secure/ against software analysis. The
'white-box' refers to the fact that the adversary has full access to
the software implementation and control over its execution
The prior objective would obviously be the protection of secret keys
in key instantiated implementations of encryption schemes, but often
it goes beyond that. In some practical settings you would want the
resulting white-box implementations to behave as a public-key
primitive, as you mention below.
You can find formal definitions of white-box cryptography in a paper I
 . More information on
white-box crypto you can find in my PhD dissertation of March this
Consider a DRM application that contains a key-instantiated decryption
algorithm and some authentication scheme. In that case you want to
prevent the extraction of the secret key, otherwise an adversary could
easily circumvent the authentication scheme. Deploying a public-key
cipher wouldn't help achieving this objective, since it is a matter of
how you implement the decryption operation and entangle it with the
authentication scheme.
Another example might be a mobile agent system, where a signing key
would need to be embedded in the software such that the agent can sign

@_date: 2009-05-29 19:25:16
@_author: Brecht Wyseur 
@_subject: white-box crypto Was: consulting question.... 
The aim of white-box cryptography is to implement cryptographic
primitives in such a way that they remain /secure/ against software
analysis. The 'white-box' refers to the fact that the adversary has full
access to the software implementation and control over its execution
Its prior objective would obviously be the protection of secret keys
that are embedded in key instantiated implementations of encryption
schemes. But often it goes beyond that objective. In some practical
settings it will indeed turn out that the resulting white-box
implementation behaves as a public-key primitive, as you point out, but
for other applications, that might be overshooting the objective.
The paper that James mentioned introduced the subject of white-box
cryptography into academia. In the mean time, the subject received more
interest, and has been studied further on. For more information
(introduction and subsequent research), I'm happy to point you to my PhD
dissertation of March this year, entitled "white-box cryptography".
I also wrote a (rather theoretical) paper to settle a concrete
definition of white-box cryptography, which you can find on e-print:
Consider a DRM application that contains a key-instantiated decryption
algorithm and some authentication scheme. In that case you want to
prevent the extraction of the secret key, otherwise an adversary could
easily circumvent the authentication scheme. Deploying a public-key
cipher wouldn't help achieving this objective, since it is a matter of
how you implement the decryption operation and entangle it with the
authentication scheme.
Another example might be a mobile agent system, where a signing key
would need to be embedded in the software such that the agent can sign
