
@_date: 2016-04-10 20:27:32
@_author: Mihai Ionut 
@_subject: [Cryptography] WaveCrypt 
Hi, I am a 21 years old software engineer from Bucharest, Romania
passionate about programming, robotics, cryptography and Artificial
For the past two months I've worked on a new encryption application based
on sounds. It allows users to encrypt their files (AES) using an audio
input. The users have three options : they can generate their own  WaveKey,
they can use an exiting audio file (your favorite song from 1990's stored
on a CD) or to use an online audio source - now I'm only focused on
YouTube. You simply visit an YouTube video, select the time sequence,
generate you WaveKey and encrypt your file. After that the key
Of course I've taken into account the obvious attacks - like the ones
regarding recording when the users create their WaveKeys (I've worked on a
custom printed circuit board with an integrated microphone and a small
storage USB drive) or, in the case of the YouTube source your search
history (We have Sandboxie and I'm pretty sure I can strike a deal with
If someone would like to cooperate on my project or the view the full
details just email me.
Also, please don't be too skeptical about the fact that I am obviously not
a expert in this field (don't worry, I've read some books before starting)
I simply put a lot of love in my projects and I think that this one could
be useful to us as a community. I don't want to waste your time and I
apologize if that's the case.
Thanks for reading and take care.
[image: --]
Chelalau Ionut Mihai
[image:

@_date: 2016-04-14 12:23:03
@_author: Mihai Ionut 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: [messaging] WaveCrypt 
[image: --]
Chelalau Ionut Mihai
[image: ---------- Forwarded message ----------
​Thanks for feedback.
I really enjoyed that 1992 sneakers video, not only because it showed a
very simple "fix" but it gave me a nostalgia feeling. You know, nowadays
when we are learning computer science they tend to forget a lot of details.
Because the time is short they have to compress the learning materials so
that they can give us "the important stuff". By doing so however they
deprive us, the young generation, from knowing the basics. They don't
longer "waste" time with teaching the early programming languages, those
things are just specified on the last page of the manual with the smallest
font available.
There's another aspect to this. While I was working on WaveCrypt I've read
books not only about cryptography or sound design and audio synthesizers
but also about assembly language and how the nowadays audio formats came to
be (wav, mp3 etc). So, when we take a look at our entire computer science
history and the various difficulties we've had in the past it's impossible
not to have a beautiful thought in my mind... : why can't I simply create
my own audio format? Why can't I simply design my own primitive operating
system on that custom printed circuit board? Why can't I create an special
error-correcting code (a special version of Hamming) so that the audio
input I record would be able to verify it's source, without compromising
its integrity?
I will really work on this in the summer. I've found online some retro
radio kits and it would be a lot of fun in trying to encrypt using sounds
from that.  It gives me that warm lovely feeling when I'm trying to create
something new.
When you think about it it's also my responsibility. I didn't deserve any
of this - the internet, my laptop or all the information I could have never
afforded with my modest financial status. So, I have to give something back.
