
@_date: 2015-12-05 01:09:42
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: [Cryptography] JSC notifies on introduction of National 
First question, how specifically will they detect if the certificate has been installed on a users device? Is there any way a user could go without the backdoor (aka government root certificate) undetected if they do not connect to a server outside of Kazakhstan?
Second question is does this apply to just the destination server, or does it also apply to hops along the pathway to the server? i.e. if the server is in Kazakhstan but the traceroute to that server momentarily leaves the national borders.

@_date: 2015-12-14 17:41:27
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The Dawn of the Crypto Age 
Hash: SHA512
The Dawn of the Crypto Age
by CANNON C. , in the year 2015
- -An essay on how crypto technologies will shape our world, and why these technologies are often met with government opposition-
  Throughout all of the chapters of history, civilization struggles in a constant battle between liberty and tyranny, progression and corruption. For the world is plentiful in numerous points of its history of a populace oppressed by governments. Like a beast untamed or loosened, or a fire fueled and spread, it is the natural tendencies of governments to become corrupt and to perpetually expand and maintain power. This is not because government in itself is corrupt, but rather because mankind is corrupt through greed, in the pursuit of wealth and power at the expense of a nation while utilizing the powerful body of government as their tool. Government makes a handsome target of exploitation to the corrupt and enemies of liberty due to the centralization of power that governments wield and the position of the tool of government being in the high layer of power, known as the political realm.
  Until now, the balance of power sat in the hands of governments who have gone rogue at the conduction of usurpers and tyrants and have been used to empower themselves while oppressing the populace and liberty, whether openly or covertly. However, in the modern age, in this dawn of the crypto revolution which follows the still advancing and parallel technological revolution, the balance of power in the world is shifting from that of governments and usurpers to the people.
  Throughout history, humankind has been through various golden ages of enlightenment, and of technological advancements and progressions. It is this evolution in the advancement of humankind which has altered the foundation for which future technology and the direction of civilization is based. We have had the Age of Enlightenment, the scientific revolution, the Renaissance, the Industrial Revolution, and the technological/informational revolution, to name a few. And now, even when the latter is still young, we enter another age that parallels it: the dawn of the crypto revolution, which is based upon the infrastructure of the current technological/informational revolution.
  The context of the word "revolution" in the case of this writing refers to that of sudden change in the world brought about by advancements in technologies and discoveries, while "crypto" or "cryptographic" is referring to the use of encryption (codes) paired with technology to create systems immune to espionage, control, and takedown by an enemy.
  The newly emerging technology brought about by the crypto revolution is built on our current technological infrastructure. The advent of our current computerized cyber-infrastructure makes an easy way to build, host, and deploy decentralized protocols. It is also cyberspace that connects us all and breeds innovation through uncensored and decentralized communications such as the Internet, hence why the crypto revolution began shortly after the birth of the technological revolution. This new technology will secure itself and also secure society from the current flaws in our informational technology infrastructure which that same society has come to rely upon.
  The crypto revolution will alter the shape of the workings of civilization in positive ways to advance us towards a more perfect civilization, just as the technological revolution altered the way we communicate, do business, interact, etc. And just as how the industrial revolution altered the way we travel, manufacture, and live, to too shall the crypto revolution shape our world. This time, this era in human progression will impact the workings of the economy, politics, banking, governments... all in a way that will make the workings of the pre-crypto age antiquated and perhaps even scoffed at by future   Just as the crypto revolution is based on the technological revolution which was based on the industrial revolution, so too shall some other future progressions be based on the crypto revolution. These future progressions as a result of the crypto revolution I foresee being comprised of political, economic, and social advancements.
  Although progressions in the advancement of civilization are often beneficial to the human race, advancement is sometimes met with opposition by the existing power structure. This opposition by the minority who wield power over the rest is due to the threat this new technology/discovery presents to their power. Opposition can also often be due to lack of understanding of the new technology.
  The future of technology I am describing can be referred to as decentralized cryptographic protocols - secure, open source, self regulating, decentralized, cryptographic protocols, to be more descriptive. For the new way will be a better way, a way void of the major flaws and imperfection of the former which have empowered the corrupt and created insecure systems causing results which have haunted our society. These newly emerging technologies will repair the security flaws which came about by having a society that became reliant upon informational technology. The root of many of the current security flaws in our world come from the exploitation of vulnerabilities that are a result of the lack of the following three items, which I refer to together as the triangle of security.
Integrity, Availability, and Confidentiality

@_date: 2015-12-27 00:49:45
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: [Cryptography] cryptography Digest, Vol 32, Issue 26 
In asymmetric cryptology the bit length of the key is not equivalent to the equivalent bits of security it offers.
As the key length doubles in bits it offers better protection and more bits of security. Though the security strength does not double like the keysize. As for recommended length, 4096 is better than 2048 if the option is there (not saying that 2048 is insecure). With RSA the key size is huge compared to the bit length of security that key offers. With elliptic curve cryptography (ECC) the key size is so much smaller and compact when compared to RSA for the same amount of security it offers. This is why I am excited about ECC support coming to Gnupg.

@_date: 2016-02-19 05:53:55
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is Apple correct? 
In reference to the current Apple scenario.
I do believe government with too much power is as equal of a threat as much as criminals are.
I would side with Apple if the government is demanding a backdoor or backdoor equivalent tool that would affect other people.
My question is, how can the FBI's demands be considered a backdoor affecting anyone as if I understand correctly, would affect only the one specific device?
If the firmware is programmed to only work on a phone with that specific IMEI number signed by Apple, am I correct that the firmware could not be modified to work on any other device since the signature would not match? Or is it that Apple fears that this may open up unintended security vulnerabilities in eveyrone elses phone i.e. if the IMEI number could be spoofed thus causing it to act as a backdoor?
Please provide clarification.

@_date: 2016-02-21 05:13:36
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Compact smartcard reader with pin entry? 
I have a securely generated and stored PGP key on a smartcard. I wish to use my smartcard for email signing & decryption. Problem is that I am unable to do this since my current CAC reader does not have a built in pin entry. No point in smartcards if a keylogger can just simply harvest the pin then make use of the smartcard for signing/decryption whenever it is plugged in. This is a very real possibility. In fact there is a case where malware has done this in the past on DoD systems.
All the smartcard readers I have seen are unnecessarily massively bulky the size of a brick or untrusted hardware. What are recommendations for a compact CAC reader with built in pin entry from a trusted brand that works with GnuPG smartcards?

@_date: 2016-02-22 01:43:00
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Compact smartcard reader with pin entry? 
Thank you for the link. Some of the people in that post at that link are saying pin reader is not needed, that protection of the pin is not important. I disagree though for the reason of my threat model. My current threat model is if a keylogger logs the pin, then the physical smartcard gets stolen at later time, then anyone could decrypt files intended for me, access SSH servers, and impersonate me assuming I am prevented from accessing my revocation certificate. Smartcards offer key protection, pin entry readers offer pin protection. Pin protection is just as important if physical security is needed also. I like the ACR83 smartcard reader but I do not know if it works with GnuPG or if it is trusted manufacturer.

@_date: 2016-01-09 04:09:22
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The Problem With Backdoored Crypto (Specifically 
The Problem With Backdoored Crypto (Specifically relating to Chaum's latest idea)
With Chaum's latest proposal which includes what is technically a backdoor, I shall present problems with such a feature:
1- One of the main purposes of encryption is to prevent information from being perceivable by anything but the intended recipient. To implement a backdoor into encryption of any type would take away the purpose of encryption, period.
2- Some people may claim that "oh but Chaum's idea would only go after the bad people and evil stuff which would be decided upon by the wise majority". To this I argue, the majority could be wrong in their decision making either through biases or fallacies due to a lack of understanding by the majority. Another threat is if the majority is led by an influential adversary into believing that the target for de-anonymization is doing something wrong.
For example, say some human rights activist in China is using such flawed crypto protocols to carry out activities relating to promoting liberty and speaking out against corruption, the government uses the media to convey this person as a threat or "domestic terrorist", demonizes them and spreads biased views or fallacies to convince the majority to de-anonymize the target.
Chaum's proposal is against the very purpose of crypto and would weaken crypto protocols leaving people vulnerable to adversaries either through sybil attacks or at the mercy of the uninformed and/or biased masses. Such crypto would not be adapted anyways, by anyone whom is intelligent.

@_date: 2016-03-13 00:26:08
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Govt Can't Let Smartphones Be 'Black Boxes, 
NOTE: resending in different format to retain plaintext as my original submission was reporting invalid signature.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
"You cannot take an absolutist view on this," Obama said at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas.  "If your argument is strong encryption no matter what, and we can and should create black boxes, that I think does not strike the kind of balance we have lived with for 200, 300 years, and it's fetishizing our phones above every other In one of my former writings from 2015 "The Dawn of the Crypto Age" found in 2600 Magazine 2015 Autumn edition or  I have explained the real reason and true agenda behind the war on crypto.
As for the comments of our disgraceful president. We have not had balance for majority of the last few hundred years. Save for the revolution of 1775, power has been out of balance with the monopoly of power in the hands of governments. It is just as of recently, in the last few decades with birth of crypto technologies in which power has been going more into balance as a result of crypto technologies.
Governments are only against crypto because it limits their ability to grow in perpetual power. Governments hate things which keeps it within due bounds. The war against security (crypto) is not about safety of the public, it is about security of a tyrannys ability to retain power and keep that power out of balance in its favor.
We are now at the point in which crypto is being treated the same as armaments, if you abolish the legality of crypto and metaphorically thus disarm the population you have the recipe for tyranny.
As for the threat of outlawing crypto and secure technology, the solution is simply to not comply regardless of legality or consequences. There is no compromise.
Cannon C.

@_date: 2017-01-25 09:57:59
@_author: CANNON 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Private Information Sharing Protocol [P.I.S.P.] 
Hash: SHA512
Title: Private Information Sharing Protocol [P.I.S.P.]
 Draft Version 1.1
  Author: Cannon Ciota  Created: 2017-01-21
 Abstract
 Motivation
  Specification
Embedded:
