
@_date: 2004-09-02 10:06:53
@_author: Cid Carlos 
@_subject: Kerberos Design 
You may want to have a look at these:
- Designing an Authentication System: a Dialogue in Four Scenes
- Limitations of the Kerberos Authentication System, Steven M. Bellovin, and
Michael Merrit, 1991 I'm currently looking into implementing a single sign-on solution for
distributed services. The requirement profile seems to somewhat fit Kerberos, but I'm not entirely
convinced that I can use it in my scenario - which can't simply run an
off-the-shelf KDC and use UDP for communication with it.
However, years of reading various crypto resources have strongly conditioned
me against simple-minded attempts to "roll my own" as a crypto dilletante.
I've been trying to study Kerberos' design history in the recent past and
have failed to come up with a good resource that explains why things are
built the way they are. Since I'm already using OpenSSL for various SSL/x.509 related things, I'm
most astonished by the almost total absence of public key cryptography in
Kerberos, and I haven't been able to find out why this design choice was
made - performance reasons, given that at its inception public key operation
cost was probably much more prohibitive?
So, I'd like to ask the audience:
- Is there a good web/book/whatever resource regarding the design
  of Kerberos? Amazon offers the O'Reilly book, which, from the   abstract, seems to take the cryptographic design of Kerberos as   a given and concentrates on its usage, and another one that also
  doesn't seem to give much detail on the issue. Something in the
  direction of EKR's SSL/TLS book would be very much appreciated.
- Is Kerberos a sane choice to adapt for such solutions today?
  Is there anything more recent that I should be aware of?

@_date: 2005-07-09 17:19:05
@_author: Cid Carlos 
@_subject: Why Blockbuster looks at your ID. 
Below is a link to an interesting site discussing the "chip and PIN"
technology and its introduction in the UK (the article "Chip and Spin" also
addresses the French experience):

@_date: 2006-11-12 13:00:13
@_author: Cid Carlos 
@_subject: Citibank e-mail looks phishy 
Citibank e-mail looks phishy
"A seemingly innocent e-mail from Citibank Australia introducing a new
online banking process has been mistaken for a phishing attack.
The e-mail was sent last month and described a new sign-on procedure
that promised to be "even more secure". As part of a security upgrade,
customers were asked to update their log-in credentials. The message
also asked recipients to log on to the bank's Web site and authenticate
themselves by entering their Citicard or credit card number, and ATM PIN
The bank has a strict policy to safeguard customers from such scams. Its
online security section says: "Customers should understand that Citibank
will never send e-mails to customers to verify personal and/or account
information... It is important you disregard and report e-mails which...
request any customer information - including your ATM PIN or account
A spokesperson for Citibank was surprised that the e-mail was confused
for a possible scam and denied the bank had contradicted its security
statements. "These are all online banking customers and are used to
receiving e-mails from us. I don't believe we have contradicted
ourselves ... there is only a link to the privacy policy and we always
tell people to type in the URL". Citibank's technical and fraud
departments will investigate the situation."
