
@_date: 2001-04-09 00:00:00
@_author: Caspar Bowden 
@_subject: RIPlist Bulletin : HO kill independent review, ISC say Tribunal "incapable", NTAC head, DPCs diss Cybercrime treaty, Hong Kong & Wandsworth R.I.P. 
RIP Bulletin : 9/4/01
4/4/01 Government says yes/maybe then Home Office says no to official
regulation watchdog's call for INDEPENDENT review of RIP (14/12/00)
- 29/3/01 Official spy watchdog says Investigatory Powers Tribunal "quite
incapable", unable "to open the mail, let alone process and investigate
complaints" - 29/3/01 Home Office takes powers to license IT security contractors
(see STOP PRESS below)
...and NTAC head announced - Asst. Chief Constable Ian Humphreys
22/3/01 EU data commissioners issue devastating critique of Cybercrime
treaty (
19/3/01 PQ: ISP reading e-mail Subject lines for virus checking NOT illegal
19/3/01 Protests over new proposals for HONG KONG decryption powers
14/3/01 Attempt to increase RIP penalty for failure-to-decrypt to 10 years -
only for material seized under Protection of Children Act (as if evidence
that the material was child pornography)
        ==================================================
Silicon.com interviews Akerman (ACPO), Abbott (NCIS) and Packam (NCS)
Carnivore renamed "DCS1000" - Andrew Miller MP's ( private members
bill to increase penalties for all types of copyright offences (including
circumvention of  copy protection) from 2 years to 10 years jail.
        ==================================================
Register 6/4/01: Free software would have prevented foot and mouth, BSE,
Hatfield rail crash - RMS - Wearing socks but no shoes, brown canvas
trousers and a red polo shirt, Stallman is not as other people. Although his
pitch was not new - and he admitted as much - it was probably the first time
the academics, artists and lawyers who made up most of the audience had
heard it expressed so directly. Pausing only for the obligatory swipe at the
UK Government, the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act and the Private
Security Industry Bill (and tipping his hat to FIPR's Caspar Bowden, also in
the audience) Stallman went on a gentle meander through the history of
copyright, ending at the present day when the media companies own most
copyrights and also (he alleges) own the politicians who make the laws that
maintain the system.
Financial Times 5/4/01: Snooping code delay until end of the year - Iain
Bourne, strategic policy manager at the Information Commission, said: "We
got a lot of very detailed submissions, some of which were longer than the
code itself. The code was supposed to colour in the skeletal outline of the
law. Some thought it went beyond that." The commission will now take expert
advice before publishing the final version of the code, "hopefully by the
end of the year," Mr Bourne added.....The delay risks leaving both employers
and staff in legal limbo. Sarah Veale, senior policy officer at the Trades
Union Congress, said: "A lot of us were relying on the code to clarify when
the right to privacy protects the employee . . . we need it to help
employers, as much as employees. If we're not going to have a code (this
year), then if someone is unfairly treated it means we may have to go to
court. That's got to be the inevitable consequence." The Confederation of
British Industry said it hoped the delay reflected a "fundamental rethink"
of the code. "Our response (to the commission) contained a number of very
serious objections to the code. We said it was too complicated and too long
and that some parts, such as e-mail, were unworkable," said Rod Armitage,
head of legal affairs.
ZDNet UK 4/4/01: Government backtracks on encryption enquiry - Despite
accepting its own taskforce recommendation two weeks ago, the Home Office
now says there will be no independent enquiry into the effects of the
controversial RIP Act...."The impact of the Act should be looked at by an
independent panel to see if the government has got it right or not, rather
than whether or not the industry is happy" Silicon.com 4/4/2001: "'Shunned' industry scuppers European cybercrime
Guardian 3/4/01: Cyber terror threatens UK's biggest companies - The CMA
asked 172 of its senior personnel ... Thirty-two per cent admitted being the
victim of cyber-terrorism (!!!?!)
Register 3/4/01: Spooks cock snooks at RIP oversight - The RIP Tribunal -
citizens defence against abuses of the Act - has been criticised for being
poorly staffed, so underfunded that the ISC reported in December, that it
was unable to open mail, let alone process complaints. The Tribunal has
confers  no right of cross-examination. But the ISC meekly notes only that
progress needs to be monitored by the next committee. Without an effective
RIP Tribunal, it is impossible for UK citizens to invoke the European
Convention of Human Rights, the only legal recourse available.
ZDNet 3/4/01: Watchdog warns Net policing will go unchecked - "The official
parliamentary watchdog has exposed the [RIP] complaints mechanism as a sham,
and a senior member has highlighted its inadequacy under the European
Convention of Human Rights" Scotsman 30/3/01: Thriving communications pose new legal implications
Financial Times 29/3/00: IMRG opinion - Spam - E-mail's foot-and-mouth
Register 30/3/01: US company defeats Brit RIP Act - SafeWeb's proxy servers
encrypt all data transmitted between an individual's computer and the Web
sites visited, once they've logged on to the service. Thus the only
information one's ISP can record, hence cough up to nosey Feds, is the fact
that one accessed the SafeWeb site...The company also has an application
called Triangle Boy, which adds an extra layer of security for the truly
paranoid and further obstacles and frustrations for investigators and
censors....Because the T'Boy boxes are distributed randomly, it is virtually
impossible for any government authority to defeat the scheme with filtering,
firewalls or surveillance hardware -- meaning that Netizens in notoriously
authoritarian countries like China, Afghanistan and Britain, say, will be
able to access whatever they please on the Web and leave no trace of their
comings and goings.
Register 19/03/01: Hong Kong ISPs slam encryption demands (see Hong Kong
section for details ) - The concerns are similar to those raised last year
over the UK's government's Regulation of Investigatory Powers (RIP) Bill
NTK 16/3/01 - TOTALISE vs Motley Fool...So British law now says UK Websites
can be sued for libel (because they are publishers) and be compelled to hand
over personal details (because they aren't). Nice... as UKCRYPTO regular
Donald Ramsbottom noted, if the courts have this much power to compel
disclosure: why did they ever need  RIP in the first place?
KableNet 15/3/01: Privacy schooltime - ...what the PIU (when it eventually
reports) must not do is recommend attempts to legislate the privacy issue
away. When the government attempted to move in this direction with its RIP
Act, it was rightly slammed by civil rights groups Caspar Bowden               Tel: +44(0)20 7354 2333
Director, Foundation for Information Policy Research
RIP Information Centre at:    STOP PRESS :(RIP-related ??)
NTK 30/3/01: Registering the troublemakers
VNUnet 3/4/01: IT security firms face prevention or regulation
VNUnet 2/4/01: IT security professionals may be licensed
Computer Weekly: 2/4/01: Government may license IT security consultants
Silicon.com 30/3/01: You're not getting in - not with data like that
Register 30/3/01: SysAdmins to need a licence from Home Office?
The idea of the Bill is to bring in a licensing scheme for bouncers, private
investigators and wheelclampers but its current wording clearly includes IT
security consultants and even plain old systems admin folk. Since this
really can't be the intention of the legislation - it would, after all, be
completely unworkable - you have to ask why the Home Office has written it
as such?..."In 1999 the government wanted 'key-escrow' - a copy of
everyone's encryption keys. The RIP Act 2000 allows seizure of anyone's
encryption keys. Do they now want to ban anyone from working with encryption
without a license?" Silicon.com 30/3/01: IT pros may need licences to work- "This looks like a
tactic to keep the government's options open. Unless there are the same cast
iron exemptions for programmers, sysadmins and IT consultants that have been
granted to other professions, the government can introduce licensing by
order at any time." Caspar Bowden, FIPR
Home Office 30/3/01: 'unofficial'  Release
FIPR Release 29/3/01: Govt. stalls on licensing of computer consultants

@_date: 2001-08-29 02:17:42
@_author: Caspar Bowden 
@_subject: Press Release - London and Edinburgh Sklyarov Protests 30 August (fwd) 
-----Original Message-----
T. J. Midgley
Purely for information:
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
August 28, 2001
Press Contact: Julian T. J. Midgley                Phone: +44 7713 166000
"DROP THE CHARGES AGAINST DMITRY SKLYAROV"
PROTESTS TO BE HELD IN LONDON AND EDINBURGH ON THURSDAY, 30 AUGUST 2001
Cambridge, England -
Peaceful protesters from the Campaign for Digital Rights will gather
again outside the US Embassy in London at 1330 on Thursday, 30 August,
to demand that the charges against Russian programmer Dmitry Sklyarov be
dropped, and the DMCA (the law under which he is charged) revised or
repealed.  A simultaneous event will take place in Edinburgh.  All are
welcome. Details of both protests are available at:
These protests reflect international outrage at Dmitry's arrest- similar
protests will be held on the same day in Russia in Moscow, and in the
USA in San Jose, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Boston, Black Rock City and
Reno.  (See  for details).
Dmitry Sklyarov's arrest on July 16, for a violation of the Digital
Millenium Copyright Act (DMCA), has chilled academic research into
cryptography on both sides of the Atlantic, and led UK academics and
programmers to call for conferences to be held outside the USA so that
they can attend them without fear of lawsuits or arrest. Alan Cox, the
prominent Linux kernel programmer, has resigned from the committee of
USENIX, the Advanced Computing Systems Association, since he no longer
feels able to attend USENIX events in the USA for fear of prosecution
under the DMCA for his work on the Linux kernel.  Similar fears prompted
Dutch Cryptographer Niels Ferguson to decide not to publish an academic
paper describing security weaknesses in a content protection mechanism.
In the United States, a Professor Felten was threatened with legal
action under the DMCA if he published a paper describing flaws in a
digital watermarking scheme.
Dmitry himself will be arraigned on the 30th in San Jose, and faces a
fine of up to $500,000 and up to five years imprisonment if he is found
guilty; this for writing a program that, at the very worst, is nothing
more than a digital crowbar, with perfectly legitimate uses. He is not
charged with copyright infringement, nor has any copyright infringement
been attributed to the users of the program, distributed by Elcomsoft, a
Russian software company.  Adobe Systems Inc, the company which sells
the eBook software at which Dmitry's program was targetted, and which
filed the original complaint with the FBI, has since joined the
Electronic Frontier Foundation in calling for the charges against Dmitry
to be dropped.  Nevertheless, the case proceeds, being seen by the
recording and publishing industries as an important test case for the
new law, and by programmers, academics, librarians and many others
worldwide as a dangerous threat to traditional freedoms.
With foreign nationals being arrested for reverse engineering software
programs, and academics being gagged by threats from publishing
companies, the United States of America is no longer "The Land of the
Traditionally, those of us in Europe would sit back smugly at this point
and laugh quietly at yet another ridiculous piece of American
legislation that doesn't affect us.  This time, we can afford to do no
such thing.  Not only does the DMCA itself stretch its tentacles across
the Atlantic to silence our academics and still the fingers of our
programmers, but, in less than 16 months, the European Copyright
Directive (the EUCD) will be enacted in the EU member states, with near
identical provisions forbidding the circumvention of "copy protection
The Campaign for Digital Rights
The UK Campaign for Digital Rights has formed to ensure that by the time
that the EUCD is passed into law, it has been revised to the extent that
it no longer threatens academic research or the public's ability to make
fair use of electronic books, music and videos.
It is important to stress that we respect absolutely the principal of
copyright; many of our members are programmers and authors whose works
enjoy the traditional protections of copyright - we do not condone
copyright infringement in any form.  However, we firmly believe that by
making the circumvention of copy protection mechanisms a crime, laws
such as the DMCA and EUCD threaten legitimate academic research and the
work of respectable computer programmers.  Furthermore, by effectively
prohibiting discussion of the weaknesses of particular copy protection
schemes, these laws practically guarantee that copy protection
mechanisms will be weak and easily broken, to the detriment of the very
authors and musicians whose work they are designed to protect.
The Campaign for Digital Rights is working together with industry,
academics, the Foundation for Information Policy Research
( and similar organisations throughout Europe and
America.  For more information, mailing lists, et al, see:

@_date: 2001-07-07 11:00:37
@_author: Caspar Bowden 
@_subject: Australian government says CoE Cybercrime Convention DOES confer GAK powers 
reported as denying that the Cybercrime convention conferred powers for
government access to encryption keys ("That was never our intention"
However on the Second Reading of the Australian Cybercrime Bill on 27th
June 2001, Attorney General Daryl Williams said "Such a power is
contained in the draft Council of Europe Convention on Cybercrime and
will assist officers in gaining access to encrypted information."
The text of the Australian Cybercrime Bill 2001 is at
efID=R1360&Short=Cybercrime+Bill+2001 Caspar Bowden               Tel: +44(0)20 7354 2333
Director, Foundation for Information Policy Research
RIP Information Centre at:     -----Original Message-----
FACE!OpenDocument&NavArea=Home&SelectedCategoryName=News Cybercrime bill 'draconian and dangerous' By Sandra Van Dijk 4 July, 2001 10:07 Australia
The IT security industry has been scathing in its attacks this week on
the Cybercrime Bill 2001, labelling it "draconianand dangerous". Under the bill, which proposes seven new computer offences carrying jail
terms of up to 10 years, it is illegal to possess hacker toolkits,
scanners and virus code. These are 'tools of the trade' for security vendors to test systems
placing a burden on lawyers drafting ethical hacking agreements with
corporations. Bernard Hill, barrister and corporate services manager of Canberra-based
security consultancy 90East, said the act complicates the necessary
testing undertaken by the company which manages a number of Commonwealth
agencies. "It's a burden for lawyers drafting agreements with companies and will
prove very tricky legally to test denial-of-service attacks," Hill said.
Amendments to the bill will be debated when parliament sits again in
August and Hill said 90East is preparing a submission identifying these
loopholes. He agreed such tools and information are also required by
systems administrators to secure electronic infrastructure. The proposed bill does allow the Defence Signals Directorate (DSD) and
Australian Security Intelligence Organisation(ASIS) to hack legally. It
also forces companies by law to reveal passwords, keys, codes,
cryptographic and steganographic methods used to protect information. Hill said companies may be concerned about intellectual property being
compromised, but protecting the national information infrastructure is
critical. "There have been allegations made about the Government's use of
surveillance networks, such as Echelon, and there being no checks and
balances in place when agencies are given such broad ranging powers. It
is a vexed issue, but the cyberterrorist threat at this time is too
great to ignore," he said. Describing the bill as "draconian"' Unisys e-security architecture
director Ajoy Ghosh said the new laws need to be enforceable. The bill
will not change the current situation where Australia's enforcement
agencies have scant resourcesto tackle investigations seriously, he
added. He said the solution is to empower the private sector, allowing it
access to information necessary to detect, identify and prosecute. Many private security consultancies already investigate cybercrime but
Ghosh said they are hampered by current laws. "For example, the inability to get access to ISP billing records; the
private sector could focus on opportunistic crimes while the public
sector concentrates on crimes of mass victimisation or those that
threaten our economic infrastructure," he said. Internet Industry Association executive director Peter Coroneos supports
the proposed bill in principle but said it needs to find a balance
between privacy concerns and the need to prosecute illegal hacking
activities. A spokesperson for the Minister for Justice and Customers Senator Chris
Ellison was unavailable for comment but said ina statement: "The large
amount of data that can be stored on computer drives and disks and the
complex security measures, such as encryption and passwords, which can
be used to protect that information present particular problems for
investigators. The legislation will enable police powers to copy
computer data and examine computer equipment and disks off-site and
enable them to obtain assistance from computer owners."

@_date: 2001-10-16 23:26:02
@_author: Caspar Bowden 
@_subject: FIPR Release 16/10/2001: EMERGENCY POWERS ALLOW MASS-SURVEILLANCE FOR NON-TERRORIST INVESTIGATIONS  
FIPR Press release: FOR IMMEDIATE USE : 16th October 2001
EMERGENCY POWERS ALLOW MASS-SURVEILLANCE FOR NON-TERRORIST
*) Home Office undecided whether ISP data retention to be voluntary or
compulsory *) Data revealing who you talk to, what you read, where you are,
collected for "national security"
*) Data can be trawled for public order, minor crimes, tax, health and
*) E-Commerce to bear open-ended storage and data-protection compliance
As part of an emergency package of anti-terrorism measures, Home
Secretary David Blunkett announced yesterday (Note 3) that Internet
Service Providers would be "enabled" to retain logs detailing the online
activity of their customers (but NOT the contents of communications).
Data protection legislation (Note 4) currently protects electronic
privacy by prohibiting blanket storage by ISPs of logs recording such
details as websites browsed, To and From addresses of e-mails, and which
'newsgroup' articles are read by a subscriber. Other "communications
data", such as the telephone number used to dial-up the Internet, may be
kept so long as it is relevant to billing or fraud control.
Although Mr.Blunkett's use of the word "enable" (rather than "require")
implied that compliance will be at the ISP's discretion, the lead
official told FIPR that retention may be made compulsory, enforced
through civil law. The same source said a ministerial certificate will
assert "national security" exemptions (Note 5) so that ISPs and
telephone companies will not be in breach of European Directives. The
government will only specify later exactly what data may be collected
and for how long in a Code of Practice in consultation with ISPs. No new legislation is necessary for police and intelligence agencies to
collect the data once it is recorded by ISPs and telephone companies. The Regulation of Investigatory Powers (RIP) Act 2000 (Note 5) allows
records to be obtained for broad purposes including tax, health and
safety, public order offences and minor crime. Although "communications
data" provides a complete map of private life, revealing who you talk
to, what you read, and where you go, the authorities can rubber-stamp
compilation and trawling of large and detailed databases. In contrast,
inspection of the contents of a single e-mail requires a warrant from a
Secretary of State, and a search for documents requires a court order.
Bulk requests can be made on groups or the history of an individual and
kept by police and intelligence agencies indefinitely under data
protection exemptions. This includes the exact co-ordinates of your
geographic location - which 3rd-generation mobiles produce continuously
whilst the phone is switched on.
Computerised 'traffic analysis' (tracing links between individuals) is a
powerful new form of mass-surveillance, but is only efficient at keeping
tabs on the law-abiding. Professional terrorists know how to cover their
tracks - for example throw-away use of pre-paid mobile phones. Reports
of the modus operandi of the September 11th terrorists indicate they
used Web-based e-mail from public terminals. Clearly it is not
persuasive to argue for privacy to be sacrificed in the name of fighting
terrorism if the measures would not in fact be effective.
A leaked report from the National Criminal Intelligence Service last
year revealed that police and security agencies are nevertheless
pressing for a mandatory data retention law to warehouse the traffic
data of the entire population for several years
( Blunkett's proposals amount to
blanket 'dataveillance' for non-terrorist investigations, using the the
tragic events of Sep 11 as justification.
Providers of e-commerce authentication services could be affected as
well as ISPs and telcos. Anyone offering "provision of access to, and of
facilities for making use of...the transmission of communications" [RIP
S.22(4) & S.1 defs] could face extra costs of providing suitable storage
devices and media, and full compliance with data protection legislation.
Caspar Bowden, director of Internet think-tank FIPR (Foundation for
Information Policy Research) commented:
"Sensitive data revealing what you read, where you are, and who you talk
to online could be collected in the name of national security. But
Mr.Blunkett intends to allow access to this data for purposes nothing to
do with fighting terrorism. Minor crimes, public order and tax offences,
attendance at demonstrations, even 'health and safety' will be
legitimate reasons to siphon sensitive details of private life into
government databases to be retained indefinitely. This would be in
flagrant breach of the first and second Data Protection Principles."
(Note 6)
Contact for enquiries: Caspar Bowden
Foundation for Information Policy Research  cb at fipr.org
+44(0)20 7354 2333
Notes for editors
1. The Foundation for Information Policy Research ( is a
non-profit think-tank for Internet policy, governed by an independent
Board of Trustees with an Advisory Council of experts.
2. FIPR's analysis of the RIP Act ( stimulated media
debate, and led to amendments ensuring that people who lose decryption
keys or forget passwords are presumed innocent until proven guilty, and
prohibiting detailed surveillance of web browsing without a full
3. Home Office Press Release 15/10/2001: "BLUNKETT OUTLINES FURTHER
ANTI-TERRORIST MEASURES"
3. The Telecommunications Data Protection Directive 1996, implemented in
UK law as SI 2093 (1999). The Office of the Information Commissioner
(contact Iain Bourne) has stated that ISP blanket (i.e. for all
subscribers) logging and retention of online Internet activity is
prohibited. Logging of telephone numbers is permitted whilst relevant
for billing or fraud control.
4. Section 32. of SI 2093 allows a certificate signed by a Minister of
the Crown to over-ride the prohibition on blanket data retention for
National Security purposes
5. Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000, Part.1 Chapter.2,
Section 22 ( This
Part is not yet in force and the relevant Code of Practice is open for
consultation until November 2nd
6. Data Protection Act 1998, Schedule 1,

@_date: 2001-10-25 00:59:57
@_author: Caspar Bowden 
@_subject: Fox News24/10/2001:  "FBI to Broaden Web Wiretapping" 
Fox News					  Wednesday, October 24,
FBI to Broaden Web Wiretapping
     By Kelley Beaucar Vlahos
Washington - The Federal Bureau of Investigation is seeking to broaden
considerably its ability to tap into Internet traffic in its quest to
root out terrorists, going beyond even the new measures afforded in
anti-terror legislation passed by the House today, according to lawyers
familiar with the FBI's plans.
Stewart Baker, an attorney at the Washington D.C.-based Steptoe &
Johnson and a former general consul to National Security Agency, said
the FBI has plans to change the architecture of the Internet and route
traffic through central servers that it would be able to monitor e-mail
more easily.
The plans goes well beyond the Carnivore e-mail-sniffing system which
allows the FBI to search for and extract specific e-mails off the
Internet and generated so much controversy among privacy advocates and
civil libertarians before the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
"From the work I've been doing, I've seen the efforts the FBI has been
making and it suggests that they are going to unveil this in the next
few months," Baker said of the plan.
FBI Spokesman Paul Bresson said he was unaware of any development in the
e-mail surveillance arena that would require major architectural changes
in the Internet, but acknowledged that such a plan is possible.
Any new efforts "would be in compliance with wiretapping statutes,"
Bresson said. "We would be remiss if we didn't." Such a move might have been unthinkable before Sept. 11.
Last year, privacy groups and civil libertarians howled in protest when
the FBI trotted out plans to start using the Carnivore system. The
Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) in Washington was ready to
go full rounds with the government in court over Carnivore, and House
Majority Leader Dick Armey, R-Texas, asked Attorney General John
Ashcroft to take another look at its constitutionality.
Now, though, the country is asking for more, not less, law enforcement
on the Internet, and even those who once complained are coming around. "I have two minds on this," says Fred Peterson, vice president of
government affairs for the Xybernaut Corporation, which manufactures
computer technology for military and law enforcement. The past six weeks
have left little doubt in most peoples' mind, he said, that new measures
must be taken. "I think that the threat has increased and while (FBI) demands were
unreasonable at a time when the threat was less immediate and less fatal
- it's just not the same story anymore," he said.
Others are still skeptical, though not as much.
"I don't think (FBI) motives are bad, but I do think they're using
people's current state of mind - they're using it to their advantage,"
said Mikal Condon, staff attorney for EPIC.
The new FBI plans would give the agency a technical backdoor to the
networks of Internet service providers' like AOL and Earthlink and Web
hosting companies, Baker said. It would concentrate Internet traffic in
several central locations where e-mail and other web activity could be
Baker said he expects the agency will approach the Internet companies on
an individual basis to ask for their help in the endeavor. But Jim Harper, staff counsel for privacy advocate Pricilla.org said the
FBI may have a hard time convincing some companies to redesign the
Internet on its behalf. "It's not really surprising, but I would be
shocked to see if it gets done," he said. "Restructuring the Internet? I
don't think so."
Others say the Internet companies will not put up much of a fight.
Sue Ashdown, executive director of the Washington-based American ISP
Association, an Internet company trade group, said most Internet
companies aren't healthy enough financially to take on the government in
court to protect their subscribers' privacy rights. And no one, she
says, wants to appear hostile to law enforcement right now.
"I know there are a lot of members in the association with feelings on
both sides," said Ashdown. "In the current patriotic climate, enterprises of all types will likely
play along with the FBI in order to avoid a public relations disaster,"
said Gene Riccoboni, an Internet attorney with the Stamford,
Connecticut-based Grimes & Battersby.

@_date: 2001-09-15 18:44:25
@_author: Caspar Bowden 
@_subject: crypto backdoors = terrorisms free reign 
I've wondered about this in case of key escrow.
Isn't the only way of telling whether a blob of data is double-encrypted
(once with unauthorised/undeclared key, once with escrowed key), to open
up the blob with the escrowed key and have a look ? Of course the contents could be stegoed, but that appears not to matter
to govts. (in the memorable words of a British official "only criminals
will use stego" - as if that was a refutation.)
So presumably (unless the escrow was a sham) there would have to be some
kind of random-sampling at rate p, so that after N times, probability of
getting caught (1-p)^N would be adjusted to act as sufficient deterrent.
Is anyone aware of any paper written on operational/policy side of this
- I guess it's the sort of thing people wouldn't have been worrying
about for several years.
Caspar Bowden?????????????????????????? Director, Foundation for Information Policy Research
Tel: +44(0)20 7354 2333

@_date: 2001-09-30 22:15:46
@_author: Caspar Bowden 
@_subject: BBC Online 28/9/2001: "FIPR - Net surveillance 'fatally flawed'" 
Net surveillance 'fatally flawed'
UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw says campaigners against stronger
internet surveillance laws have hurt the anti-terror fight. He suggested that with stronger powers, the security services might have
detected some of the 11 suicide hijackers who are now known to have
passed through the UK on their way to the US. But Caspar Bowden of the Foundation for Information Policy Research
argues that the main methods suggested for dealing with criminal use of
internet encryption are fatally flawed: Following the terrible events of 11 September, Jack Straw has described
opponents of the internet surveillance legislation he enacted last year
as "na?ve". Both government and broadcasters have framed the debate as a
platitudinous "balance" between civil liberties and public safety. But this was always a false dichotomy - the main thrust of criticism
against the RIP Act is that it is completely ineffective. Four methods have been suggested for dealing with criminal use of
encryption. Three are fatally flawed, but more importantly, they try to
solve to wrong problem. The 'back-door' All encryption would be prohibited except an officially sanctioned
version which contains a secret weakness allowing all traffic to be
broken. Flaw: If the secret of the backdoor is ever leaked, the security of the
entire communications infrastructure would be blown wide open and could
not be repaired or quickly replaced. 'Key escrow' Everybody using encryption must deposit a copy of their key in a huge
database. Any particular message could thus be unscrambled, under
warrant. Flaw : An encrypted message is like a letter in an impregnable envelope,
which can itself be enclosed in another envelope. Without opening the outer envelope, it is impossible to know whether a
particular message has already been encrypted with an undeclared key,
before it was encrypted with a registered key. Moreover, the vast majority of computer scientists believe that a global
integrated system to escrow billions of keys is operationally
infeasible. Power to demand decryption The RIP Act gives powers to demand decryption of any message or data,
whether or not a person is suspected of any crime. Flaw: An encrypted message is totally opaque - nothing can be inferred
about the contents which would help a court rationally separate the
innocent from the guilty. Anybody could be jailed for two years on a false accusation, without a
shred of evidence, merely for failing to prove they have forgotten
something. And a terrorist is obviously not going to surrender a key to evidence
which would lead to conviction on a much more serious charge. Attack the end-points If the device either sending or receiving the message can be identified,
then if it can be "got at". Computers can be bugged in hardware, software, or possibly hacked
remotely. Intelligence agencies and the military will not trust the police with
these black arts, which will need unprecedentedly stringent supervision,
since their use would corrupt the legal validity of any chain of
evidence. Computer scientists and security specialists understand the seriousness
of what is at stake, and have wrestled with these dilemmas for a decade
with no breakthrough. Details of security policy are often necessarily secret, but the
reasoning refuting three of the four options is unshakeable. None of these options can prevent hiding of information or
steganography. Spies and terrorists have long used tradecraft such as chalk marks on a
park bench, or everyday language with a veiled meaning. In cyberspace, these equate to an innocent phrase in a chat-room, or
weaving the bits comprising a message into a sound or picture file so it
cannot be detected. Without knowing who and what to look for, it is
impossible to screen for every variation. Those who want a nostalgic return to the era of phone-tapping are either
na?ve, or impervious to reason. If you want to stop terrorist cells communicating via the internet,
dismantle it. Encryption is irrelevant.

@_date: 2001-09-30 22:15:50
@_author: Caspar Bowden 
@_subject: London 'Observer' editorial calls for escrow 
More democracy, more security Liberty Watch - Observer campaign Sunday September 30, 2001
The Observer There are, however, important initiatives that Mr Blunkett could take.
By far the most effective would be the curtailing of the complex
encryption terrorists use to protect their communications. Organisations
using encryption codes legitimately should be obliged to give the
electronic key to the appropriate police authority in advance.
