
@_date: 2003-09-25 12:35:46
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Can Eve repeat? 
The idea that observing modifies state is something to be approached with caution. Read-only does make sense in quantum world; implementations of early theoretical work by Elitzur and Vaidman achieved roughly 50% success on interaction-free measurements. Later work, relying on the quantum Zeno effect, raised the success rate significantly: "Preliminary results from new experiments at Los Alamos National Laboratory have demonstrated that up to 70 percent of measurements could be interaction-free. We soon hope to increase that figure to 85 percent."
The quote comes from a article by Kwiat, Weinfurter and Zeilinger published in SciAm, November 1996 -- if they were getting success rates like these back then, I wonder what the current status is.
The article is well worth a read. There's a copy online at:
Best regards,
Ivan Krstic

@_date: 2003-09-29 00:44:07
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Can Eve repeat?  
Up-front disclaimer: I haven't had time to study this paper with the level of attention it likely deserves, so I apologize if the following contains incorrect logic. However, from glancing over it, it appears the assumptions on which the entire paper rests are undermined by work such as that of Elitzur and Vaidman (see the article I linked previously). Specifically, note the following:
"This security is derived from encoding the data on nonorthogonal quantum states of a physical carrier particle. Since such quantum states cannot be duplicated or analyzed in transit without disturbing them, any attempt to interfere with the particle introduces transmission errors and thereby reveals itself to Alice and Bob."
"They [Alice and Bob] then assume that all errors are eavesdropping induced and estimate Eve's potential knowledge of their data in this worst-case situation."
If we do away with the idea that there are no interaction-free measurements (which was, at least to me, convincingly shown by the Quantum seeing in the dark article), this paper becomes considerably less useful; the first claim's validity is completely nullified (no longer does interference with particles necessarily introduce transmission errors), while the effect on the second statement is evil: employing the proposed key distillation techniques, the user might be given a (very) false sense of security, as only a small percentage of the particles that Eve observes register as transmission errors (<=15%, according to the LANL figure).
Best regards,
Ivan Krstic

@_date: 2004-04-13 17:40:05
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: TCFS available for NetBSD-1.6.2 
This would likely be an interesting read for many on the list. Perhaps you can put up a PDF somewhere?

@_date: 2004-04-21 18:54:22
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Bank transfer via quantum crypto 
On /. today:
An anonymous reader writes with today's announcement that "the Austrian project for Quantum Cryptography[1] made the world's first Bank Transfer via Quantum Cryptography Based on Entangled Photons; see also Einstein-Podolski-Rosen Paradoxon[2]." (For more background, see the recent Slashdot post "Quantum Cryptography Leaving the Lab."[3])
[1] [2] [3] I have to agree with Perry on this one: I simply can't see a compelling reason for the push currently being given to ridiculously overpriced implementations of what started off as a lab toy, and what offers - in all seriousness - almost no practical benefits over the proper use of conventional techniques. Besides, any of the ultrasecret applications that *might* (I remain very skeptical) call for such a level of confidentiality - things like military communication or diplomatic message exchange between a country and its ambassadors - are all too likely to be out of the range currently offered by these QC setups (last I read, if I'm not mistaken, it was about 50 km or ~30 miles). Fine, the range might improve - but I doubt that the amount of money and hassle required to set these up will.

@_date: 2004-05-01 16:58:38
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Wikipedia project: Crypto 
The good people at Wikipedia have started a cryptography subproject, "an
attempt to build a comprehensive and detailed guide to cryptography in
the Wikipedia." The project page:
features a list of open tasks and things that need cleanup or writing
about. For anyone who has a few minutes to spare, their contributions
would without a doubt be most appreciated.

@_date: 2004-05-09 00:16:53
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Bank transfer via quantum crypto 
Apologies for the late response. Finals have a knack for keeping me away from the keyboard.
[Points 1..7 snipped]
See, this is what's scary to me: the cool being what sells is an indication that PHBs, instead of technically capable people, are making decisions when it comes to crypto. Maybe this is incredibly obvious to the veterans in the field, but it's a disillusionment I prefer not to have.
It reminds me of a guy I know who, every time when asked about his software, would rant off the features and conclude with "It also features a phase multiplexer." He's never been asked about it. If it weren't funny, it'd be sad.
This is part of my lack of understanding: I find it impossible to believe that - given a market begging for solutions - no one is offering high-quality non-QC link encryption boxes. Your points focused on the existing situation (particularly in the finance industry) which essentially amounts to "people use insecure private telco lines to feel secure". The scenario I am missing - and you didn't address - is why someone with a little time and understanding doesn't throw together a few chips and offer an out-of-the-box crypto tunnel solution (or, if there is one, why isn't it catching on?).
What do you really need for a simple point-to-point encryption? Linksys makes a $70 wifi router that has a 125MHz MIPS processor, 16 MB RAM + 4 MB Flash ROM, two 10/100Mbit ethernet controllers, and runs Linux 2.4. If someone paid me for a few hours of work, I could probably make a pair of *those* do secure link encryption. Rijndael isn't computationally expensive, and putting in a few extra bucks would likely afford you processing power that could support tank-like (Serpent?) encryption The way I see this is that there are two options: consumers can entrust the security of their data to physics they don't understand, or mathematics they don't understand. One of the fundamental differences is that the former *no one* understands, and its price reflects that. With the latter, well - quite a few people understand the math behind crypto, and silicon is cheap these days. So what are people waiting for? Why doesn't everyone concerned for their link security have a pair of cheap strong crypto devices at both ends?

@_date: 2004-05-18 01:20:07
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: EU to use QC as a response to Echelon 
"An article on Security.ITWorld.com[1] seems to outline a coming information arms race. The European Union has decided to respond to the Echelon project [2] by funding research into supposedly unbreakable quantum cryptography that will keep EU data out of Echelon's maw. Leaving aside the question of whether such a thing is possible, the political implications are troubling, indicating a widening rift within the Western world. Interestingly, the UK is part of the EU, but its intelligence services are among Echelon's sponsors."
[1] - [2] - This goes back to my discussion with Ian Grigg. Ian establishes:
"Effectively, if you can sell a solution to the finance industry,
you have it made.  It doesn't matter what it is, only that it is a solution." This hits home, as the ITWorld article states that "Banks, insurance companies and law firms could be potential clients, Monyk said, and a decision will have to be made as to whether and how a key could be made available to law enforcement authorities under exceptional So not only will they pour untold resources into something that they can arguably accomplish today, and cheaply [3] -- but ironically, they'll hand keys to authorities on request [4]. Brilliant - the bargain becomes - hide from Echelon, and instead trust that its EU counterpart won't look at your data. No, really, we promise.
In discussing QC, furthermore, Ian makes the following statement:
'Engineers want to deal in the technical realities, and marketing wants to deal in the sellable properties, but there is no intersection between
these.  The result is that you won't easily be able to put the engineer and the marketeer together.  One side or the other will win, and
you will get either an unsold crypto box, or a sold "solution" that migrates out of the crypto field.  The integrity of the marketeer and the integrity of the crypto engineer have nought in common, and one must I'm still not buying this. This is based on stereotypes, not unlike "all computer experts wear thick glasses, play D&D, are asocial and mortally afraid of women". Sure - some combination of small pieces of the stereotype may apply to a large percentage of the affected population, but the corollary to the stereotype is that in a 6bn people world, "a large percentage of the population" still leaves you with many, many people that fall generously outside of it. Someone like Prof. Rivest is a good example - he certainly knows what he's talking about, and he's "commercially active", be it with RSA Inc., or a venture (Peppercoin, which he did with Micali if I'm not mistaken). Or this mailing list, for instance: I'd say many members would have the knowledge and common sense to start a company tomorrow where engineering and marketing work together in a beneficial way, and where - in this particular case of QC - good, reliable non-QC solutions could be designed, implemented, tested and marketed reasonably quickly. Why hasn't it been done yet? What's the Ian concludes shrewdly that "the countervailing factor to all the
above doom & gloom is that open source bypasses a lot of the marketing and engineering dysfunctionalism, which is why probably most important crypto in the future will be in software, in open source, and initially crummy (a la skype, SSH, etc) only to be repaired and improved when the
demand has been shown." The 'initially crummy' status reminds me of Peter Gutmann's not-so-old analysis of several vpn/encrypted tunneling solutions which revealed large problems, and I'm sure many of the programs involved are fixed (or are getting fixed, redesigned, etc) as a result. I agree with Ian - OSS might prove to be a dominant driving force to "get things right" when it comes to crypto, but it's important to keep in mind that we're still years away from removing the "it must be open because it's bad/worthless" stigma in the eyes of I/T decisionmakers. That, however, is a story unto itself.
Finally, the appeal of QC is simply not very clear to me: expanding on my previous post, I feel that the "QC as panacea to crypto ills" approach is really just a very, very refined form of security through obscurity. When you go deep down enough in physics, no one really understands what's happening - so saying "QC is absolutely unbreakable" amuounts to saying "QC is absolutely unbreakable with today's physics", which I find no stronger an argument than "[insert algorithm here] is exceedingly difficult to break with today's mathematics". The former, however, involves much more money, and rests on a silly premise - that when it comes to very strong crypto, someone wanting the data will actually undertake an effort to break it. Guess what? Rubber-hose cryptanalysis, extortion, or bribery are much more effective. I posit that with the advent of anything stronger than XOR encryption, humans became easier to break than the algorithms. If the NSA really cares what the shiny new EU QC system hides, how long do you think it'll take them to put one of their own into the key designation facility? Come on, people - I understand that toys are cool; go and buy an iPod. There is much more useful science to be conducted with these funds - and if you can't think of any, there's always Oxfam.
[3] - This group has plenty of crypto experts, of which I am not one. Will someone please tell me if I'm simply mistaken about this? Maybe I have a horribly deluded understanding of reality here, but how is well-done software crypto on a rotating key schedule worse than QC?
[4] - The article only says they're considering it, but I'll bet money they will go forward with it.

@_date: 2004-05-20 12:07:27
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Hyperencryption by virtual satellite 
"As part of the Harvard University Science Center Lecture Series, Michael O. Rabin, the T.J. Watson Sr. Professor of Computer Science at Harvard University, lectures on hyper-encryption and provably everlasting secrets.
In this lecture, Professor Rabin confronts the failure of present-day computer systems to provide minimal network security. As a solution, Professor Rabin presents the theory of hyper-encryption and attempts to prove its security against an adversary possessing unlimited computer power. This hyper-encryption method provides secure data exchange even if the adversary mounts an adaptive attack and obtains the secret decryption key.
This program features over an hour of video content available in RealPlayer, QuickTime, and WindowsMedia formats."
View here:

@_date: 2004-05-31 16:08:10
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Software Helps Rights Groups Protect Sensitive Information 
This reminds me of a question I've been meaning to ask for a while. Has there been any research done on encryption systems which encrypt two (or n) plaintexts with n keys, producing a joint ciphertext with the property that decrypting it with key k[n] only produces the nth plaintext?
In the particular scenario that the article describes, activists need to protect their information from people that probably have little respect for the Geneva convention and would possibly find any evidence of encrypted information as proof enough that there is illegal activity going on. This, in turn, might lead to the police beating the key out of Now, if a solution such as Apple's FileVault or PGP's PGPDrive offered an "interleaved drive" system where one file stored multiple encrypted disks, and which one is accessed depended on which key you provided, perhaps things can be changed a bit. Password A unlocks a drive with mild dissidence information to appear credible. Password B unlocks a drive with the truly secret data. If captured, after some hours of a (probably highly unpleasant) interrogation, the dissident gives password A, interrogators try it, it works, they find nothing of tremendous use and dissident walks.
If people have written on this before, I'd appreciate a few references.
As for Zimmerman's comment about keyloggers - I'd hope the software offered a point-and-click method of entering the password. This can still be defeated with a custom-tailored piece of spyware, but it can be made much more difficult for the attackers to do so (depending on how well it's coded, it might actually require TEMPEST or the breaking of kneecaps to extract the password).
