
@_date: 2015-08-02 09:54:00
@_author: Carlo Contavalli 
@_subject: [Cryptography] SRP for mutual authentication - as an alternative / 
haven't seen many conversations or much noise about SRP, from
 on this mailing list.
By a quick reading, and by peeking at the implementation, it provides
strong mutual authentication of both client and server through a
"shared secret", which is stored as a one way hash on the server, and
never exchanged on the wire.
Eg, if used with ssh, checking the fingerprint when connecting would
be significantly less relevant, the fact that the server can establish
an encrypted session at all proves that the server knows a hash of the
shared secret.
Has drawbacks - but certainly sounds like an improvement compared to
existing protocols?
Are there / why are not similar technologies used for web?
I see two separate needs x509 certificates and TLS typically try to address:
1) establishing the identity of a site you connect to.
2) maintaining privacy and preventing mangling of the data exchanged.
If I think about my typical workflow, ... x509 and certificates would
still play a role the first time I end up on a site.
Eg, the first time I go to uber.com, or first time I register to use
my health plan benefits online, I would check that the certificate
matches who the site claims to be.
But from then on... once registered, and once I have a password, SRP
would allow me to establish that the remote end is who they claim to
be based on their ability to prove that they know a hash of my
password, the certificate would just be an additional protection?
Seems like a significant improvement over what we have today? Reducing
exposure, and need to trust certification authorities?
For example: a rogue certificate authority creates a false uber /
false health plan management site. Or a rogue certificate is installed
on my laptop. I try to login after this fake has been created, ... I
would not be able to login? or notice immediately? Or if they proxy my
connection acting as a MITM, they would not be able to decrypt my

@_date: 2015-08-04 07:29:13
@_author: Carlo Contavalli 
@_subject: [Cryptography] SRP for mutual authentication - as an 
It's 2015 - I'm sure we could figure something out?
Without thinking much... some support for "styled authentication"
would not be that hard to add to a browser? we introduce an:
with a type="" attribute specifying how / what protocol to use to
authenticate, determines some fixed  fields (eg, username, password,
otp, hw token, ...) that the browser is able to recognize and display
in a special way (example: url bar expands to show the inputs under
the ssl lock)? Can have a link to recover password, no javascript, but
some CSS for styling? It does not have to be an ugly window like the
404 authorization required.
If authentication is successful, based on the type used, can include a
cookie, start using some special encryption, or include a
WWW-authenticate field.
Sharing the cookie / encryption / ... across multiple requests /
responses should not be hard, similar to SSL session reuse?

@_date: 2015-08-04 19:24:40
@_author: Carlo Contavalli 
@_subject: [Cryptography] SRP for mutual authentication - as an 
meh :-( I just associated "user experience" with the stigma associated
with http authentication and various schemes based on it, which, among
many other drawbacks, look horrible to the end user, and just lead to
bad user experience.
But the bad user experience is not implicit to the use of an
authentication scheme, imho it's more the result of old standards,
lack of investment / interest / push in the implementations and
implicit difficulty of changing the current status.
What I had in mind is the browser has built in support for
. Just like the "https lock" or "green url bar", which
can hardly be manipulated by javascript or other code in the page,
presence of  tags results in a graphic feature _on the
browser_ that can't be manipulated by server provided code.
For example, URL bar becomes thicker, and displays an "username" and
"password" with a "lock next to it".
With a scheme like SRP, once the user presses enter to confirm
username and password, _the browser_ tries to perform SRP
authentication with the remote site. If the site is not who it claims
to be, or not the site the user registered against, authentication
would fail. Without disclosing the password of the user, and making it
really hard for a site to impersonate a different one.
The cost on the user is in making sure he is entering the username and
password only in "secure boxes", rather than random ones on the web
Again, x509 and certificates would still play an important role, but
would reduce the surface of attack on returning users?
There is no perfect solution of course... is the incremental benefit
worth the work?

@_date: 2015-08-05 07:39:38
@_author: Carlo Contavalli 
@_subject: [Cryptography] SRP for mutual authentication - as an 
Out of curiosity, do you have more details about previous attempts?
Thank you,
