
@_date: 2005-12-18 21:52:31
@_author: Charlie Kaufman 
@_subject: It's almost enough to make you feel sorry for Diebold 
Reportedly, some people demonstrated falsifying votes on Diebold voting machines using only resources and techniques available to thousands of election workers. It will be interesting to see the fallout. These weaknesses have apparently long been "known", but denied by Diebold.

@_date: 2005-11-10 14:45:49
@_author: Charlie Kaufman 
@_subject: FW: Fermat's primality test vs. Miller-Rabin 
(resending after bounce)
Sent: Tuesday, November 08, 2005 3:05 AM
In "Practical Cryptography", Schneier states that the you can prove
that when n is not a prime, a certain property of a mod n holds for at
most 25% of possible values 1 < a < n.  He later states that Fermat's
test can be fooled by Carmichael numbers, and finally he basically
says that Miller-Rabin is based on Fermat's test.
It appears that Fermat's test can be fooled by Carmichael numbers,
whereas Miller-Rabin is immune, but I'm not sure why.  It appears that
M-R tests that just before the squaring of a that produces a residue
of 1, is the residue n-1.  Apparently that's not true for most bases
of Carmichael numbers.  Is that the distinction that makes
Miller-Rabin a stronger primality test?
It's amazing how many words that took to state, and I didn't even
specify the squaring process.
  -><-
"We already have enough fast, insecure systems." -- Schneier & Ferguson
GPG fingerprint: 50A1 15C5 A9DE 23B9 ED98 C93E 38E9 204A 94C2 641B

@_date: 2005-11-10 14:46:42
@_author: Charlie Kaufman 
@_subject: FW: How broad is the SPEKE patent. 
(resending after bounce)
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, November 09, 2005 8:59 PM
---- James A. Donald said:
That's the wrong question.
The patents related to SPEKE (at least the ones that have issued - there's no way to know whether there are additional submarines out there) are available free on line from the patent office. You can read the claims and make your own judgment.
The right question is whether there is any strong password protocol - either known or that you invent yourself - that you can implement without fear of being sued for patent infringement.
And the answer is no.
Patent claims, like the U.S. Constitution, mean whatever the courts decide they mean. The only way to have confidence that you won't be sued for implementing any technology is to observe that lots of other people in similar situations to yours are doing it and not being sued.
I am not aware of anyone who is publicly shipping - either in a commercial product or as open source - an implementation of a strong password protocol without having paid protection money to either Lucent or Phoenix (or both). It would be great if someone would.
But proclaiming that the King is wearing no clothes is not without risk.

@_date: 2005-11-10 14:47:31
@_author: Charlie Kaufman 
@_subject: FW: How broad is the SPEKE patent.  
(resending after bounce)
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, November 09, 2005 9:54 PM
I am not aware that any claim (in the legal sense) has been made that PDM infringed SPEKE. Radia and I were pushing PDM in various standards bodies as a strong password protocol after convincing our employers not to patent it (no easy feat!). We were approached by David Jablon, the inventor of SPEKE but no longer the patent holder, who suggested that we should not assume that PDM did not infringe SPEKE and should not make such claims to others. This was based on claims in a patent filed many years before but which through various techniques had been prevented from issuing (a practice known as 'submarining').
While we convinced our employers not to patent the protocol, we certainly weren't going to get them to defend it.
That was sufficient to get us to stop promoting PDM. If anyone would like to pick it up, they are of course free to do so. From a legal perspective, they would probably have a better chance with SRP, since Stanford holds a patent and might be motivated to support the challenge.

@_date: 2006-07-10 13:41:13
@_author: Charlie Kaufman 
@_subject: Factorization polynomially reducible to discrete log - known 
I believe this has been "known" for a long time, though I have never seen the proof. I could imagine constructing one based on quadratic sieve.
I believe that a proof that the discrete log problem is polynomially reducible to the factorization problem is much harder and more recent (as in sometime in the last 20 years). I've never seen that proof either.
        --Charlie
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sunday, July 09, 2006 12:22 PM
I believe I have the proof that factorization of N=p*q (p, q prime) is
polynomially reducible to discrete logarithm problem. Is it a known fact
or not? I searched for such proof, but only found that the two problems
are believed to be equivalent (i.e. no proof).
I still might have some error in the proof, so it needs to be checked by
someone yet. I'd like to know if it is already known (in that case there
would be no reason to bother with it).
   O. Mikle
