
@_date: 2005-06-24 01:05:22
@_author: David Chessler 
@_subject: FWD: Cardholders Kept in Dark After Breach -- Washington Post 
I had been planning to call my active credit card companies to determine whether any had been compromised. This article caused me to start the process this morning, calling American Express, my most active account.
After thanking me for carrying their card for 21 years, they refused to tell me whether any of my three cards was among those compromised. They tried to tell me that they have all sorts of "anti-fraud" procedures. Even so, it was Master Card and not American Express that first uncovered the problem, and there is no way I can reliably double check an account that has dozens of charges a month, many of them posted in the name of parent companies located at head offices in other cities, so that many of the charges are not easily verified and must usually be taken on faith.
Accordingly, I told them to cancel all three cards and send me new ones. They were not happy, but were unwilling to tell me whether the cards had been compromised. Perhaps if they have the expense of replacing many customers credit cards, some necessarily and many unnnecessarily, they will start taking security and customer service more seriously.
When I get the new American Express cards I will call the second most active card in my wallet, and so on down the list.
Cardholders Kept in Dark After Breach
Some Banks Decline to Tell Customers Whether Accounts Were Compromised
By Mike MusgroveWashington Post Staff WriterThursday, June 23, 2005; D05
Consumer advocates said credit card customers have been denied crucial information in the wake of a recent data breach, as some major banks are declining to tell cardholders whether their account may have been accessed by hackers.
In a security lapse disclosed by MasterCard International Inc. last week, 40 million credit card and debit card numbers were exposed to an intruder who gained access sometime last year through a credit-processing firm. An interagency group of federal banking regulators has begun an investigation into the incident.
Meanwhile, Internet security firm Secure Computing Corp. warned yesterday that a fresh appearance of an old e-mail scam appears to come from opportunistic fraudsters hoping to use fear about the recent data theft as a way to trick MasterCard customers into giving up their account information.
Companies such as J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Citigroup Inc., American Express Co. and MBNA Corp. said that they are not automatically alerting their customers that their information may have been exposed but that they are more closely monitoring the accounts that may have been affected. The policy was reported yesterday on CNetNews.com.
Such credit-card-issuing banks said MasterCard and Visa have shared with them lists of account numbers that may have been compromised. Though such accounts may earn heightened scrutiny from the banks that issued them, customers may never know whether their account numbers were among those stolen by hackers.
"Those accounts have been flagged, and we're watching them even more closely than we otherwise would," said Jim Donahue, spokesman at MBNA. "If we start to see an unusual rate of fraud [among the set of compromised accounts], we would consider notifying those customers impacted -- but we haven't seen that yet."
MasterCard said yesterday that it is up to banks that issue credit cards to determine whether to contact cardholders.
Consumer watchdog groups decried such policies as bad for consumers.
"That sounds really bad to us," said Chanelle Hardy, legislative counsel at Consumers Union, the nonprofit publisher of Consumer Reports magazine. "Any time that any unauthorized person gets access to sensitive or personal information, [the cardholder] should be notified," she said. "For a consumer, it's the first line of defense. It's almost their only line of The breach reported last week occurred at a processing center in Tucson operated by CardSystems Solutions Inc. and may have been the largest such theft. CardSystems did not return a call for comment yesterday.
The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council has issued guidelines for when a bank should disclose to its customers that account information may have been stolen.
Michael L. Jackson, chairman of the FFIEC's information technology subcommittee, said yesterday that it was too early in the investigation to recommend one course or another.
There has not yet been any fraudulent activity associated with the stolen credit card numbers, said Sharon Gamsin, vice president of communications at MasterCard. If bogus charges do show up, customers often are not held responsible but can spend years clearing their credit ratings if someone steals their identity.
Within 24 hours of last week's news of the breach, a new version of an Internet scam was circulating on the Web. In an e-mail forged to look as if it had come from MasterCard, recipients were urged to log in to a counterfeited MasterCard site and enter their account information.
That Web site had apparently been taken down yesterday afternoon. It was registered in the name of Tucson resident Donald Cuppe, whose wife said in an interview yesterday that the couple knew nothing about the site but had received a call from their bank on Monday alerting them that their Visa debit card number was stolen.
Washingtonpost.com staff writer Brian Krebs contributed to this report.
? 2005 The Washington Post Company
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. This Internet discussion group is making it available without profit to group members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of literary, educational, political, and economic issues, for non-profit research and educational purposes only. I believe that this constitutes a 'fair use' of the copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.
For more information go to:

@_date: 2005-03-15 22:24:46
@_author: David Chessler 
@_subject: Reuters -- British Firm Breaks Ground in Surveillance Science 
British Firm Breaks Ground in Surveillance Science
Mon Mar 14, 2005 08:08 AM ET
By Mark Trevelyan, Security Correspondent
MALVERN, England (Reuters) - The "suicide bomber" clips a shrapnel-filled belt around his waist and buttons up his jacket to conceal it.
As he turns back and forth in front of a semi-circular white panel, about the size of a shower cubicle, a computer monitor shows the metal-packed cylinders standing out clearly in white against his body.
This is no real security alarm: it's a demonstration at the British technology group QinetiQ of a scanning device that sees under people's clothes to spot not just metal but other potential threats like ceramic knives or hidden drugs.
The electromagnetic technology, known as Millimeter Wave (MMW), is just one aspect of a potential revolution in security screening being pioneered at QinetiQ, formerly part of the research arm of the British defense ministry.
"Actually, detecting a suicide bomber in the lobby of an airport is not a great thing to happen," Simon Stringer, new managing director of QinetiQ's security business, says with British understatement.
"It's slightly better than having him do it in the departure lounge or perhaps on the plane, but you're still doing to have to deal with a significant problem."
That's why, he says, the trend for the future will be to move the scanners outside the terminal building and operate them in "stand-off mode" -- checking people from a distance before they even set foot inside.
The advantage is obvious: to spot potential attackers without alerting them to the fact, and gain precious seconds for security forces to prevent an ARE YOU SWEATING TOO MUCH?
Another prospect in store for air travelers is "hyperspectral sensing" that will check for chemicals called pheromones, secreted by the human body, which may indicate agitation or stress.
"People under stress tend to exude slightly different pheromones, and you can pick this up ... There are sensing techniques we're working on," Stringer said.
The stress may have an innocent cause, such as fear of flying, but could also betray the nervousness of a potential attacker. The point is to alert security staff to something unusual that may need further investigation.
As with MMW, the technology could function at a distance and without the need for people to wait in line. By conducting such checks while people are approaching the airport and moving through it, authorities could avoid bottlenecks and queues.
SUSPICIOUS MOVEMENTS
As the passenger proceeds through the terminal, the next layer of surveillance could be carried out through "cognitive software" which monitors his or her movements and sounds a silent alarm if it picks up an unusual pattern.
"Someone who's been back in and out of the same place three times or keeps bumping into the same people might be something that's worthy of further investigation ... I think that's really the sort of capabilities we're going to be looking at," Stringer said in an interview.
While many of these technologies are still under development, others have already been rolled out to clients by QinetiQ, which made group operating profit of 28 million pounds ($53.9 million) in the six months to last Millimeter wave, for example, has been tested at airports and, in a different application, is being used by British immigration authorities and Channel Tunnel operator Eurotunnel to detect illegal immigrants trying to enter the country as stowaways in the back of trucks.
Stringer says the potential market for MMW runs into the hundreds of millions of dollars and goes well beyond the transport sector.
"We're spending quite a lot of time talking to multinationals who want to establish perimeter security systems around plant, installations and buildings," he said.
QinetiQ -- owned 30 percent by private equity group Carlyle and 56 percent by the British government -- expects rapid growth for its security business as it gears up for a stock market launch.
BIG BROTHER?
But how will ordinary people embrace the prospect of surveillance technology that sees through their clothes, checks how much they're sweating and tracks their airport wanderings between the tax-free shops and the toilets?
Stringer acknowledges that some might see this as George Orwell's Big Brother come true. "There are always going to be issues of privacy here and they're not to be belittled, they're important."
But he says smarter technology will actually make the checks less intrusive than those now in standard practice, such as being searched head to foot after setting off a metal detector alarm.
"Personally I find that more irritating than the idea of someone just scanning me as I walk through," he said.
"You're under surveillance in airports anyway. What you're looking at here is just being applied more intelligently."
All rights reserved. Users may download and print extracts of content from this website for their own personal and non-commercial use only. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters and the Reuters sphere logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of the Reuters group of companies around the world.
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. This Internet discussion group is making it available without profit to group members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of literary, educational, political, and economic issues, for non-profit research and educational purposes only. I believe that this constitutes a 'fair use' of the copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.
For more information go to:

@_date: 2005-03-30 22:29:05
@_author: David Chessler 
@_subject: USATODAY.com - EU needs more time for biometric passports 
So much for the US government's big rush to get them done this year, to the extent that they haven't thought out the implications of the RFID chip (although they realize they should call it anything but RFID, because the acronym RFID is a magnet for animosity).
EU needs more time for biometric passports
BRUSSELS, Belgium (AP) ? The European Union on Wednesday told the U.S. Congress the bloc needed another year to implement new U.S. rules on secure biometric passports, which include a computer chip with data such as a digital photo of the passport holder.
EU justice and interior ministers had said last year they would meet this year's Oct. 26 deadline. But only six of the 25 EU countries Belgium, Finland, Luxembourg, Germany, Austria, and Sweden will be ready to issue biometric passports by that date.
After Oct. 26, citizens from 27 visa-exempt countries will have to apply for a visa or have a biometric passport.
The EU's Justice and Home Affairs Commissioner Franco Frattini wrote on Wednesday to James Sensenbrenner, head of the U.S. House of Representative's Judiciary Committee that although the bloc had made substantial progress, it would require more time, until Aug. 28, 2006, to introduce the new passports.
"Despite all the progress ... we would urge the Congress to consider a second extension of the deadline," Frattini said in the letter. The United States had already extended the original Oct. 26, 2004, deadline by a year.
Frattini said the issuing of similar U.S. passports was also experiencing "a certain slippage" due to problems in adapting the new technology to passports. Japan also will be unable to meet the U.S. deadline, officials said.
So-called biometric features can reduce patterns of fingerprints, irises, voices and faces to mathematical algorithms that can be stored on a chip or machine-readable strip. EU countries also want to include a fingerprint on the chip.
"Despite all the progress made ... in reinforcing the security of passports you are surely aware that critical aspects of the biometric technology, such as data security and interoperability of reading devices, are still being finalized," wrote Frattini.
Frattini said the EU "shares the view of the United States that more secure travel documents are an important tool in the fight against international crime and terrorism."
The United States is urging European countries to have new biometric travel documents in place as part of its tighter border security checks following the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
All new U.S. passports issued by the end of 2005 are expected to have a chip containing the holders' name, birth date and issuing office, as well as a a photo of the holders' face. The photo is the international standard for biometrics, but countries are free to add other biometrics, such as fingerprints, for greater accuracy.
Also Wednesday, the EU head office released a report on the impact of using biometrics, which said more large-scale field trials were needed to ensure the new technology worked properly. It also urged governments to ensure safeguards for privacy and data protection in the use of biometric data.
Copyright 2005 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Links referenced within this article
Find this article at:
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. This Internet discussion group is making it available without profit to group members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of literary, educational, political, and economic issues, for non-profit research and educational purposes only. I believe that this constitutes a 'fair use' of the copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.
For more information go to:

@_date: 2006-04-26 23:39:03
@_author: David Chessler 
@_subject: Judge Hints at Code in 'Da Vinci' Ruling 
Judge Hints at Code in 'Da Vinci' Ruling
By JENNIFER QUINN
LONDON - The judge who presided at the "Da Vinci Code" copyright infringement trial has put a code of his own into his ruling, and he said Wednesday he would "probably" confirm it to the person who breaks it.
Since Judge Peter Smith delivered his ruling April 7, lawyers in London and New York began noticing odd italicizations in the 71-page document.
In the weeks afterward, would-be code-breakers got to work on deciphering Smith's code.
"I can't discuss the judgment," Smith said in a brief conversation with The Associated Press, "but I don't see why a judgment should not be a matter of Italics are placed in strange spots: The first is found in the first paragraph of the 360-paragraph document. The letter "s" in the word "claimants" is italicized.
In the next paragraph, "claimant" is spelled with an italicized "m," and so on.
The italicized letters in the first seven paragraphs spell out "Smithy code," playing on the judge's name.
Lawyer Dan Tench, with the London firm Olswang, said he noticed the code when he spotted the striking italicized script in an online copy of the "To encrypt a message in this manner, in a High Court judgment no less? It's out there," Tench said. "I think he was getting into the spirit of the thing. It doesn't take away from the validity of the judgment. He was just having a bit of fun."
Smith was arguably the highlight of the trial, with his acerbic questions and witty observations making the sometimes dry testimony more lively. Though Smith on Wednesday refused to discuss the judgment or acknowledge outright that he'd inserted a secret code in its pages, he said: "They don't look like typos, do they?"
When asked if someone would break the code, Smith said: "I don't know. It's not a difficult thing to do." And when asked if he would confirm a correct guess to an aspiring code-breaker, he said, "Probably."
Tench said the judge teasingly remarked that the code is a mixture of the italicized font code found in the book "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail" _ whose authors were suing Dan Brown's publisher, Random House, for copyright infringement _ and the code found Brown's "The Da Vinci Code."
Authors Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh had sued Random House Inc., claiming Brown's best-selling novel "appropriated the architecture" of their 1982 nonfiction book, "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail."
Both books explore theories that Jesus married Mary Magdalene, the couple had a child and the bloodline survives, ideas dismissed by most historians and theologians.
"The Da Vinci Code" has sold more than 40 million copies _ including 12 million hardcovers in the United States _ since its release in March 2003. It came out in paperback in the United States earlier this year, and quickly sold more than 500,000 copies. An initial print run of 5 million has already been raised to 6 million.
Since the judgment was handed down three weeks ago, Tench said it took several weeks _ and several watchful eyes _ to catch the code. Now, London and New York attorneys are scrambling to solve it.
"I think it has caught the particular imagination of Americans," Tench said. "To have a British, staid High Court judge encrypt a judgment in this manner, it's jolly fun."
I'm definitely going to try to break the code," said attorney Mark Stephens, when learning of its existence.
"Judges have been known to write very sophisticated and amusing judgments," Stephens said. "This trend started long ago ... one did a judgment in rhyme, another in couplets. There has been precedent for this.
"It adds a bit of fun of what might have been a dusty text," he said.
On the Net:
A service of the Associated Press(AP)
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. This Internet discussion group is making it available without profit to group members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of literary, educational, political, and economic issues, for non-profit research and educational purposes only. I believe that this constitutes a 'fair use' of the copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.
For more information go to:

@_date: 2007-02-27 01:09:00
@_author: David Chessler 
@_subject: padlocks with backdoors - TSA approved 
This is why I don't bother with padlocks until I get to the hotel room. It is a good idea to slow down the petty thief, but a "twist tie" from a plastic bag will work. I use the nylon straps used to hold cable bunches in place. I use many different colors, so it is most unlikely that a petty thief would have one handy (black or white are very common.
When last I flew they TSA had cut the cable ties. I took the suitcase directly to the baggage desk and we examined it together. (Do not pile up books in your suitcase. The TSA does not distinguish between books and Semtex: it considers both equally dangerous.)
D__/d   chessler at capaccess.org
               chessler at usa.net

@_date: 2008-02-09 00:33:59
@_author: David Chessler 
@_subject: Fwd: [IP] U.S. Agents Seize Travelers' Devices 
Sent: Thursday, February 07, 2008 1:46 PM
Dear Prof Dave,
Happen to read this link from slashdot, this is a disturbing news, a
direct assault on privacy...shocking that this could be real.
Clarity Sought on Electronics Searches
U.S. Agents Seize Travelers' Devices
By Ellen Nakashima
Washington Post Staff Writer
Thursday, February 7, 2008; Page A01
Nabila Mango, a therapist and a U.S. citizen who has lived in the
country since 1965, had just flown in from Jordan last December when,
she said, she was detained at customs and her cellphone was taken from
her purse. Her daughter, waiting outside San Francisco International
Airport, tried repeatedly to call her during the hour and a half she
was questioned. But after her phone was returned, Mango saw that
records of her daughter's calls had been erased.
A few months earlier in the same airport, a tech engineer returning
from a business trip to London objected when a federal agent asked him
to type his password into his laptop computer. "This laptop doesn't
belong to me," he remembers protesting. "It belongs to my company."
Eventually, he agreed to log on and stood by as the officer copied the
Web sites he had visited, said the engineer, a U.S. citizen who spoke
on the condition of anonymity for fear of calling attention to
Maria Udy, a marketing executive with a global travel management firm
in Bethesda, said her company laptop was seized by a federal agent as
she was flying from Dulles International Airport to London in December
2006. Udy, a British citizen, said the agent told her he had "a
security concern" with her. "I was basically given the option of
handing over my laptop or not getting on that flight," she said.
The seizure of electronics at U.S. borders has prompted protests from travelers who say they now weigh the risk of traveling with sensitive or personal information on their laptops, cameras or cellphones. In some cases, companies have altered their policies to require employees to safeguard corporate secrets by clearing laptop hard drives before international travel.
Today, the Electronic Frontier Foundation and Asian Law Caucus, two civil liberties groups in San Francisco, plan to file a lawsuit to force the government to disclose its policies on border searches, including which rules govern the seizing and copying of the contents of electronic devices. They also want to know the boundaries for asking travelers about their political views, religious practices and other activities potentially protected by the First Amendment. The question of whether border agents have a right to search electronic devices at all without suspicion of a crime is already under review in the federal courts.
The lawsuit was inspired by two dozen cases, 15 of which involved searches of cellphones, laptops, MP3 players and other electronics. Almost all involved travelers of Muslim, Middle Eastern or South Asian background, many of whom, including Mango and the tech engineer, said they are concerned they were singled out because of racial or religious profiling.
A U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokeswoman, Lynn Hollinger, said officers do not engage in racial profiling "in any way, shape or form." She said that "it is not CBP's intent to subject travelers to unwarranted scrutiny" and that a laptop may be seized if it contains information possibly tied to terrorism, narcotics smuggling, child pornography or other criminal activity.
The reason for a search is not always made clear. The Association of Corporate Travel Executives, which represents 2,500 business executives in the United States and abroad, said it has tracked complaints from several members, including Udy, whose laptops have been seized and their contents copied before usually being returned days later, said Susan Gurley, executive director of ACTE. Gurley said none of the travelers who have complained to the ACTE raised concerns about racial or ethnic profiling. Gurley said none of the travelers were charged with a crime.
"I was assured that my laptop would be given back to me in 10 or 15 days," said Udy, who continues to fly into and out of the United States. She said the federal agent copied her log-on and password, and asked her to show him a recent document and how she gains access to Microsoft Word. She was asked to pull up her e-mail but could not because of lack of Internet access. With ACTE's help, she pressed for relief. More than a year later, Udy has received neither her laptop nor an explanation.
ACTE last year filed a Freedom of Information Act request to press the government for information on what happens to data seized from laptops and other electronic devices. "Is it destroyed right then and there if the person is in fact just a regular business traveler?" Gurley asked. "People are quite concerned. They don't want proprietary business information floating, not knowing where it has landed or where it is going. It increases the anxiety level."
Udy has changed all her work passwords and no longer banks online. Her company, Radius, has tightened its data policies so that traveling employees must access company information remotely via an encrypted channel, and their laptops must contain no company information.
At least two major global corporations, one American and one Dutch, have told their executives not to carry confidential business material on laptops on overseas trips, Gurley said. In Canada, one law firm has instructed its lawyers to travel to the United States with "blank laptops" whose hard drives contain no data. "We just access our information through the Internet," said Lou Brzezinski, a partner at Blaney McMurtry, a major Toronto law firm. That approach also holds risks, but "those are hacking risks as opposed to search risks," he said.
The U.S. government has argued in a pending court case that its authority to protect the country's border extends to looking at information stored in electronic devices such as laptops without any suspicion of a crime. In border searches, it regards a laptop the same as a suitcase.
"It should not matter . . . whether documents and pictures are kept in 'hard copy' form in an executive's briefcase or stored digitally in a computer. The authority of customs officials to search the former should extend equally to searches of the latter," the government argued in the child pornography case being heard by a three-judge panel of the Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit in San Francisco.
As more and more people travel with laptops, BlackBerrys and cellphones, the government's laptop-equals-suitcase position is raising red flags.
"It's one thing to say it's reasonable for government agents to open your luggage," said David D. Cole, a law professor at Georgetown University. "It's another thing to say it's reasonable for them to read your mind and everything you have thought over the last year. What a laptop records is as personal as a diary but much more extensive. It records every Web site you have searched. Every e-mail you have sent. It's as if you're crossing the border with your home in your suitcase."
If the government's position on searches of electronic files is upheld, new risks will confront anyone who crosses the border with a laptop or other device, said Mark Rasch, a technology security expert with FTI Consulting and a former federal prosecutor. "Your kid can be arrested because they can't prove the songs they downloaded to their iPod were legally downloaded," he said. "Lawyers run the risk of exposing sensitive information about their client. Trade secrets can be exposed to customs agents with no limit on what they can do with it. Journalists can expose sources, all because they have the audacity to cross an invisible line."
Hollinger said customs officers "are trained to protect confidential Shirin Sinnar, a staff attorney with the Asian Law Caucus, said that by scrutinizing the Web sites people search and the phone numbers they've stored on their cellphones, "the government is going well beyond its traditional role of looking for contraband and really is looking into the content of people's thoughts and ideas and their lawful political activities."
If conducted inside the country, such searches would require a warrant and probable cause, legal experts said.
Customs sometimes singles out passengers for extensive questioning and searches based on "information from various systems and specific techniques for selecting passengers," including the Interagency Border Inspection System, according to a statement on the CBP Web site. "CBP officers may, unfortunately, inconvenience law-abiding citizens in order to detect those involved in illicit activities," the statement said. But the factors agents use to single out passengers are not transparent, and travelers generally have little access to the data to see whether there are errors.
Although Customs said it does not profile by race or ethnicity, an officers' training guide states that "it is permissible and indeed advisable to consider an individual's connections to countries that are associated with significant terrorist activity."
"What's the difference between that and targeting people because they are Arab or Muslim?" Cole said, noting that the countries the government focuses on are generally predominantly Arab or Muslim.
It is the lack of clarity about the rules that has confounded travelers and raised concerns from groups such as the Asian Law Caucus, which said that as a result, their lawyers cannot fully advise people how they may exercise their rights during a border search. The lawsuit says a Freedom of Information Act request was filed with Customs last fall but that no information has been received.
Kamran Habib, a software engineer with Cisco Systems, has had his laptop and cellphone searched three times in the past year. Once, in San Francisco, an officer "went through every number and text message on my cellphone and took out my SIM card in the back," said Habib, a permanent U.S. resident. "So now, every time I travel, I basically clean out my phone. It's better for me to keep my colleagues and friends safe than to get them on the list as well."
Udy's company, Radius, organizes business trips for 100,000 travelers a day, from companies around the world. She says her firm supports strong security measures. "Where we get angry is when we don't know what they're for."
Staff researcher Richard Drezen contributed to this report.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-02-09 23:18:38
@_author: David Chessler 
@_subject: Truecrypt Encryption (WAS: Fwd: [IP] Re:   Encrypted laptop 
I forwarded a couple of messages about US Customs seizing computers, sometimes failing to return them, and demanding passwords. Cellphones are also sometimes seized. The TSA claims it does not do this. This can cause problems for people who travel with company-sensitive or other private information. Some companies avoid the problem by wiping all data from the laptop and having the user access it by SSL or other secure method over the network. Other solutions are possible.
The following may be a solution for individual travelers without access to high-speed internet connections when in the field, or who lack access to secure connections to a secure server.
Sent: Friday, February 08, 2008 11:27 PM
Check this as the perfect technological answer to the problem presented below.
Given my position , however, please do not use my name or my company's name if you post this.  Like anything, it has as many legitimate as illegitimate uses; this is public information and, ironically, was brought to my attention by some of the top security experts in the industry.
Creates a virtual drive inside of any object of your choosing.  But goes one better.  You can encrypt within the encryption in ways undetectable.  Thus you can give a password and allow others to open it and inspect.  Those looking will never know that within the encrypted space there is another deeper form of encryption.  That said, I'd really hate to see the gov't or someone else shut this down.  At the same time, for people traveling who are doing legitimate things that overreaching gov't officials have no right to see (and for which it is too late once compromise), this presents a valid solution.  It is also incredibly useful for anyone carrying sensitive information b/c it gives you two layers of protection if your storage device or laptop is stolen.  Know that if you mount it to a flash drive, it formats the entire drive.  Most people create an object and mount it to that.  Also, never, ever forget your password - did that once - and lost 50 megs worth of data.  (might want to use roboform, which encrypts and protetcts your passwords).  There's no getting inside of this. Ever.  It's about as rock solid as it gets.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
