
@_date: 2003-11-16 18:45:08
@_author: David Chessler 
@_subject: Clipper for luggage 
TSA had been recommending electricians cable ties made of nylon. The 4" (10 cm) or 8" (20 cm) sizes work well in most zipper-type locks. They can't easily be removed without cutting them. I had "improved" the ties by using colored ones (available at most electrical supply houses and better hardware stores), so that there would be clear evidence of entry. For further security I dropped a bit of colored sealing wax on each cable tie. On a longer trip I have to carry spare cable ties. I made sure not to have spares of the color I used on each leg. I also tried to carry the spare cable ties and spare sealing wax (several colors) in my carry-on (or my pockets). These can easily be cut with fingernail clippers, which are now "legal" to carry, and which can also be carried in an unlocked pocket on the checked bag.
For some years, numbered one-use nylon or plastic ties have been available in luggage supply stores. These also have to be cut or broken to open the suitcase, and they cannot readily be replaced because the serial numbers are "unique."
None of these totally prevent theft, but any lock that can fit through most zippers can easily be cut with a short 12-inch bolt cutter (30 cm long), that can be bought for $10 at Sears or most hardware stores, and that will fit in the pockets of most work-clothing. (Indeed, it can probably be cut with an 8" (20 cm long) diagonal cutting pliers (or electricians pliers).) Given the lax security in the back areas of the airports, it's easy enough for the baggage handlers to have cutting instruments. But, if the object is to be able to tell immediately that the suitcase has been opened, and so file a claim, they will work.
Indeed, if all you have to do is slow down a thief, then a "twist tie" or the plastic seal from a garbage bag can be used to seal the lock.
Hard-sided luggage is more difficult to lock in this way. However, the plastic cable ties are available in lengths up to about 48" (120 cm). These can be passed around the bag and tightened (if necessary, two or more can be linked together). Since these are not available in colors, and are too big to be convenient in carry-ons (and might invite queries since they are the same things that police use as handcuffs), the lock portion should be sealed with sealing wax.
