
@_date: 2006-10-27 16:33:31
@_author: Christian Rechberger 
@_subject: [Cfrg] Applications of target collisions: Pre or post-dating 
Hi everyone,
agreed to all you've said, still there are special examples where bridging this gap seems closer. Consider a special type of preimage resistance, CTFP (Chosen Target Forced Prefix), which was introduced by
John Kelsey and Tadayoshi Kohno in their paper "Herding Hash Functions and the Nostradamus Attack" at Eurocrypt 2006.
If new methods like the one developed by Marc Stevens for MD5 are sufficiently fast (just being faster than a birthday attack is not enough in this setting), then also herding attacks can be faster.
Hence finding a preimage for MD5 in this special setting would be faster than for a good MD-style hash function with the given output size.
Collision search for full SHA-1 (especially in this setting) does not seem to be fast enough to allow this speed-up of herding attacks. However, according to our experiments, with some new methods and reducing SHA-1 to e.g. 75% of its steps, this changes.
Note that the effort for finding a preimage by looking for lots of collisions in this setting would still be prohibitive in practice. For MD5 and even more so for SHA-1.
Note also that this does not allow to draw conclusions on the standard preimage or 2nd-preimage resistance of the mentioned algorithms. This seems a different and challenging problem.
Best regards,
  Christian Rechberger

@_date: 2007-08-14 23:31:33
@_author: Christian Rechberger 
@_subject: Fwd: Potential SHA 1 Hack Using Distributed Computing - 
Quoting Paul Hoffman :
The mentioned article is indeed confusing, the information in there  took apparently several hops.
To address your questions: Indeed, we have our own "path", but more  importantly we developed a new method to speed-up generation and  testing of candidate message pairs and apply it to SHA-1. The  resulting work factor is still quite high, hence we ask for  contributions via the BOINC framework.
More information on cryptanalytic details, type of collision, and  resulting work factor will appear later this year.

@_date: 2007-08-15 17:07:09
@_author: Christian Rechberger 
@_subject: Fwd: Potential SHA 1 Hack Using Distributed 
Quoting Paul Hoffman :
Stay tuned, you never know ;-)
Something similar happened last year with our example for "meaningful   collisions" for SHA-1 to reduced to 80% of its steps. We gave two  meaningful but different ASCII texts followed by some random chunk as  an example of our new technique back then. Suddenly someone invented  HTML as an example of another application that ended up on a newsticker.
Seriously, if we wouldn't be convinced that the new method is more  efficient than anything else we know of and hence interesting enough  to explore further, we wouldn't have started such a project. So yes,  this is much faster than Wang's published method, and based on all we  know also faster than what is estimated for Wang's latest unpublished  Exact comparison is a complicated and delicate issue, and I have to  put you of to our upcoming paper on that issue. Your contribution of  CPU cycles is of course very welcome.
We first plan to provide support for more platforms to increase the  size of our potential user base, but next, some meaningful statistics  are indeed on our todo-list.
   (only sporadic access to mail this week)

@_date: 2009-05-04 00:31:03
@_author: Christian Rechberger 
@_subject: [tahoe-dev] SHA-1 broken! 
Quoting "Perry E. Metzger" :
It is in my opinion way to early to jump to this kind of conclusions:
Even if the new attack works are promised (and I have the feeling that  people are too optimistic here), there is the following issue:
* these advanced attacks against CAs do require a special type of  collision attack (the name "chosen-prefix attack" was coined), not a  "normal" collision attack we are talking about here for the case of  SHA-1. A chosen-prefix attack can be expected to be significantly  harder to perform than a "normal" attack. The link you provided should  contain a more in-depth discussion on this for the case of MD5.
Nevertheless, I agree that moving away from SHA-1 should be encouraged  (since 2005).
  Christian

@_date: 2009-05-04 00:35:03
@_author: Christian Rechberger 
@_subject: [tahoe-dev] SHA-1 broken! 
The design of DES facilitates this kind of throughput/cost gains on FPGAs.
Remember that the MD4 family (incl. SHA-1) was designed to be  efficient on 32-bit CPUs. For these hash functions, it is much harder  to get a throughput/cost gain on FPGAs compared to off-the-shelf CPUs.  At least, this was my conclusion when I quickly looked into this a few  years ago.
  Christian
