
@_date: 2004-12-08 14:32:54
@_author: Chris Trott 
@_subject: Polymer serves up single photons 
I generally prefer to be a lurker on these types of lists, but I figured I
might as well stick my head out at some point.. I was just reading a digest
from Septembers list and found this..
This sounds remarkably like existing magnetic tape that we all know and
love, but using photons instead of magnetism.  Surely the security in
quantum cryptography is in the nature of entanglement, rather than in the
storage of bits in photons. How would this tape reveal that a message has
been intercepted if it consistently serves the same photons up ? Surely an
interceptor could read it (as many times as they wishes) and pass it on,
with the receiver none the wiser ?

@_date: 2005-02-24 02:24:38
@_author: Chris Trott 
@_subject: FW: ATM machine security 
My Apologies to the original poster here, but does this seem like a little
human engineering to anyone else? I mean sounds to me like your project is a search for weakness in the ATM
system in preparation for an attack, or have I misjudged and you are the
well meaning integrating party who have commissioned a number of 'suppliers'
build a new ATM system (or ATM like system) while methodically attempting to
avoid past errors. If you are accepting bids from suppliers who already produce ATMs ie NEC or
the like, how would your request help ? would you be expecting them to
subvert the existing standards to prevent attacks ?
Interestingly,  I think the comment was tossed around here a few weeks ago,
that building a new 'atm system' wouldn't be possible these days, given the
competing standards, differing levels of what would be considered secure
etc. Just curious, or was it paranoid, - who said that ?

@_date: 2007-07-10 08:17:18
@_author: Chris Trott 
@_subject: How the Greek cellphone network was tapped. 
It's an interesting question for sure.
I can't help but think that if the hardware platforms were to open up, and
the handsets obtain some sort of ubiquity that this sort of thing would
spontaneously evolve.
I saw this link today:
And apart from the fact that I was just plain out impressed that it has 2 3d
accelerometers, I thought it was only a matter of time before someone
inserts a cryptographic layer between the voice and the transmission.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at metzdowd.com] On Behalf Of Steven M. Bellovin
Sent: Tuesday, 10 July 2007 12:57 AM
cryptography at metzdowd.com
On Mon, 9 Jul 2007 17:52:38 +1000
That's interesting -- the news just came out about Blackberry entering
the Chinese market...  See
 which (briefly) discusses
such issues.

@_date: 2013-11-22 14:45:26
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptolocker 
Perhaps a large enough crib file could be placed on the drive prior to encryption? This way you may be able to recover the key?

@_date: 2013-11-27 16:22:13
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Microsoft announces new email encryption 
I think this is the crux of it, I think MS have realised they are behind in the ID game. Apple ID, Google ID, Facebook eBay etc. these 'identity management' hooks are being used more and more. 'Use your Facebook ID to log in to our site'.  I would say this is an attempt to use some of the extra paranoia around recent security revelations to make a land grab for ID. When I recently got a new windows tablet and was setting up my machines users, I was horrified that I needed an email address submitted to ms to create a user on 'my' computer  (you can get round this but it is not immediately obvious)
I think that who exactly you are is becoming less important than which node your activities, and money are tied to and which other nodes you interact with. Tying these nodes to an actual person (which one might hope would be important when it's you sitting in jail for someone else's fraud after identity theft) seems to be an after thought. Certainly this node based approach makes it easier to get into the big data mining pieces. The notion that the network is as valuable as the node. The mind just boggles re the opening strange emails to follow instructions. The doctor example is a good one!
