
@_date: 2007-08-15 11:00:49
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: New DoD encryption mandate 
Also interesting is the requirement that all DOD computers include TPM (1.2
or higher).  See next to last paragraph of the memorandum at
 This memo was pointed to by the story referenced below.
Chuck Jackson
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at metzdowd.com] On Behalf Of Steven M. Bellovin
Sent: Wednesday, August 15, 2007 9:25 AM
According to  the US
Defense Department has mandated that all sensitive but unclassified
information on mobile devices must be encrypted in compliance with FIPS
140-2.  "Mobile devices" include laptops, PDAs, CDs, flash drives, etc.

@_date: 2007-07-19 15:40:54
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: How the Greek cellphone network was tapped. 
An earlier post, talking about vulnerabilities and the lack of an
appropriate market response, said:
We're talking about phone calls -- did all of the well-publicized
cellular eavesdropping (Prince Charles, Newt Gingrich (then a major US
politician), and more) prompt a change?  Well, there are now US laws
against that sort of phone eavesdropping gear -- a big help....
I think the most publicized cases of cellular interception, including the
two mentioned above, were interceptions of analog calls.  Such interception
was not too hard to do.  In some cases you could pick up one side of such
calls on old American TV sets (sets that tuned above channel 69 on the UHF
dial).  Much better interception equipment was still pretty simple.  I
understand that there was sometimes enough talker echo that, if you listened
on the base-to-mobile link you could understand both sides of the call-you
didn't even need two receivers.
However, interception of digital wireless signals requires more skill and
expense.  Interception of CDMA is harder than interception of GSM.
Interception and recovery of encrypted digital is still more difficult.  The
3G wireless standards permit AES quality encryption of the voice-I don't
know if carriers have this turned on.  I am pretty sure they have it or the
equivalent turned on for functions that limit theft of service such as the
initial activation of service on CDMA networks.  I do know of business executives who, when informed of the ease of
interception of analog cellular, changed their behavior.  Chuck Jackson

@_date: 2007-09-13 09:18:18
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: Another Snake Oil Candidate 
I looked at the Ironkey website and, although there is obviously a little
marketing-speak, my snake-oil and BS detectors do not go off.  Some of the
criticisms by Aram Perez appear to be somewhat unjustified.
Perez states:
"Protected by a password that is entered on whatever PC you plug the  IronKey into and that is somehow auto-magically protected against all  keylogging spyware that may exist on that PC."
Relevant Ironkey assertion in their FAQs:
A word of caution: if your computer is infected with a keystroke logger
before you purchase your IronKey, and if you initially enter your passwords
into your IronKey on the computer that is already infected with a keystroke
logger, then your passwords of course will be tracked by that keystroke
logger. For this reason, we recommend that you setup your IronKey and
initially enter your passwords into the Password Manager from a computer
that you control and that has anti-spyware and anti-virus software
installed. We recommend that you update your anti-spyware and anti-virus
definitions and run a sweep of your PC before setting up your IronKey.
Perez  also states: "They imply that you can use an IronKey with any PC and be completely safe."
Relevant Ironkey assertion in their FAQs:
If I get an IronKey, will I be 100% protected from malware?
No. The IronKey does not replace the need good security practices, such as
regular anti-virus and anti-spyware scans, not sharing passwords, and
avoiding websites that you do not trust. The IronKey does equip you to
further protect your data, identity, and privacy-an increasingly necessary
tool for today's security-minded consumer.
Additionally, new threats are constantly surfacing, so even today's best
solutions cannot guarantee "future-proof" protection. But since you have the
ability to securely update your IronKey, you can make sure you have the
latest and most secure software and firmware for maximum protection today
and tomorrow.
Chuck Jackson

@_date: 2007-09-13 20:49:05
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: flavors of reptile lubricant, was Another Snake Oil Candidate 
Well, I don't want to start a flame war (drop me a note offline if I'm
coming across as doing so), but I do want to respond to one point.  Similarly, Aram Perez objected to the use of "Military Grade" in the IronKey
promotional materials
However, according to those promotional materials IronKey uses AES-I think
AES-256 although I can't find a reference to 256-bit key use in the chip.  According to Wikipedia the U.S. Department of Defense (NSA) has certified
AES for Type-1 applications in the U.S. government.  See also, CNSSP-15 and
  A little exploring of the
net finds a number of documents that my browser says are housed on domains
ending in .mil that mention the use of AES-in particular for communications
between U.S. and coalition forces.  I think these facts qualify AES as
"military grade."  Chuck Jackson

@_date: 2008-12-16 16:22:08
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: CPRNGs are still an issue. 
-Michael Heyman
Before we give up on using drive timings [as an entropy source], does anyone
have evidence to
verify this assertion [that SSD drives will have much less variation in
read/write timing]?  The reviews I have seen using tools like HD
Tune and HD Tach seem to show timing noise reading and writing SSDs. I
don't know where the noise comes from - it is probably not turbulence
 - but it may be random enough that a long series of tests, say
for a second or so (don't forget, these drives are fast), could
provide a nice pool of unguessable bits.
I probably should not be commenting, not being a real device guy.  But,
variations in temperature and time could be expected to change SSD timing.
Temperature changes will probably change the power supply voltages and shift
some of the thresholds in the devices.  Oscillators will drift with changes
in temperature and voltage.  Battery voltages tend to go down over time and
up with temperature.  In addition, in some systems the clock frequency is
purposely swept over something like a 0.1% range in order to smooth out the
RF emissions from the device.  (This can give a 20 or 30 dB reduction in
peak emissions at a given frequency.  There is, of course, no change in
total emissions.)
Combine all of these factors, and one can envision the SSD cycles taking
varying numbers of system clock ticks and consequently the low order bits of
a counter driven by a system clock would be "random."  However, one would
have to test this kind of entropy source carefully and would have to keep
track of any changes in the manufacturing processes for both the SSD and the
processor chip.     Is there anyone out there who knows about device timing that can say more?  Chuck Jackson

@_date: 2008-01-02 18:03:03
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: Death of antivirus software imminent 
One virtualization approach that I have not see mentioned on this thread is
to run the virtual machine on a more secure OS than is used by the
applications of interest.  For example, one could run VMware on SELinux and use VMware to host
Windows/Vista.  Thus, even if a virus subverts Windows it still has no more
capabilities than any errant program in SELinux.  And, the virus author has
to cope with the complications created by the dual operating systems.
Me, I do just the opposite.  I browse the web with firefox running on
SELinux (targeted policy) on VMware hosted on Windows XP. That would be secure if I didn't run as root half the time.
Chuck Jackson -----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at metzdowd.com] On Behalf Of Leichter, Jerry
Sent: Wednesday, January 02, 2008 4:43 PM
Virtualization has become the magic pixie dust of the decade.
When IBM originally developed VMM technology, security was not a primary
goal.  People expected the OS to provide security, and at the time it
was believed that OS's would be able to solve the security problems.
As far as I know, the first real tie of VMM's to security was in a DEC
project to build a VMM for the VAX that would be secure at the Orange
Book A2 level.  The primary argument for this was:  Existing OS's are
way too complex to verify (and in any case A2 required verified design,
which is impossible to apply to an already-existing design).  A VMM can
be small and simple enough to have a verified design, and because it
runs "under" the OS and can mediate all access to the hardware, it can
serve as a Reference Monitor.  The thing was actually built and met its
requirements (actually, it far exceeded some, especially on the
performance end), but died when DEC killed the VAX in favor of the
Today's VMM's are hardly the same thing.  They are built for perfor-
mance, power, and managability, not for security.  While certainly
smaller than full-blown Windows, say, they are hardly tiny any more.
Further, a major requirement of the VAX VMM was isolation:  The
different VM's could communicate only through network protocols.  No
shared devices, no shared file systems.  Not the kind of thing that
would be practical for the typical uses of today's crop of VM's.
The claim that VMM's provide high level security is trading on the
reputation of work done (and published) years ago which has little if
anything to do with the software actually being run.  Yes, even as they
stand, today's VMM's probably do provide better security than some -
many? - OS's.  Using a VM as resettable sandbox is a nice idea, where
you can use it.  (Of course, that means when you close down the sandbox,
you lose all your state.  Kind of hard to use when the whole point of
running an application like, say, an editor is to produce long-lived
state!  So you start making an exception here, an exception there
... and pretty soon the sand is spilled all over the floor and is in
your eyes.)
The distinction between a VMM and an OS is fuzzy anyway.  A VMM gives
you the illusion that you have a whole machine for yourself.  Go back
a read a description of a 1960's multi-user OS and you'll see the
very same language used.  If you want to argue that a small OS *can
be* made more secure than a huge OS, I'll agree.  But that's a size
distinction, not a VMM/OS distinction....

@_date: 2008-07-02 12:04:04
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: Article in Globe and Mail re ATM security 
I don't recall seeing any discussion of this article on the list.
Chuck Jackson [Moderator's note: when forwarding links, please include some
indication of what the link is about. In this case, it is a story
about a series of thefts of ATM card information and PINs from
Citibank ATMs at 7-11 convenience stores. --Perry]

@_date: 2008-03-21 07:12:05
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: Center for Cryptologic History at the National Security Agency:  Schorreck Memorial Lecture 
Professor Christopher Andrew to present Schorreck Memorial Lecture, April 7,
2008 at 2:00 PM, Laurel, MD
The Center for Cryptologic History at the National Security Agency is
pleased to announce a lecture by Professor Christopher Andrew of Cambridge
University, author of numerous books on intelligence history.  Professor
Andrew will present the Second Henry F. Schorreck Memorial Lecture on April
7 at 2 PM.
This annual series, named for the long-time NSA Historian, began in 2007
when Dr. David Kahn, author of The Codebreakers, presented a talk on "The
Future of the Past."  Professor Andrew will speak on "British Intelligence,
the American Alliance, and the End of the British Empire."
The lecture will be presented at the Kossiakoff Conference Center on the
campus of the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (located just off
U.S. Route 29 at Johns Hopkins Road -- information about the facility and
directions can be found at: Admission is free, but advance registration is required.  Those wishing to
attend should send an e-mail to the Center for Cryptologic History at
history at nsa.gov.  Please call the Center at 301-688-2336 if you have any
questions or need additional information.

@_date: 2009-07-13 18:05:04
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: Physical security rather than crypto---but perhaps of interest 
[Moderator's note: It is helpful, when posting a link, to give enough
information that people can know whether they want to go and read the
article. In this case, the title and first few sentences are:
   Snooping through the power socket
   Power sockets can be used to eavesdrop on what people type on a
   computer.
   Security researchers found that poor shielding on some keyboard
   cables means useful data can be leaked about each character typed.
   By analysing the information leaking onto power circuits, the
   researchers could see what a target was typing.
   The attack has been demonstrated to work at a distance of up to 15m,
   but refinement may mean it could work over much longer distances.

@_date: 2013-12-10 11:10:06
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: [IP] 'We cannot trust' Intel and Via's 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Begin forwarded message:
Reply-To: dewayne-net at warpspeed.com
?We cannot trust? Intel and Via?s chip-based crypto, FreeBSD developers say
Following NSA leaks from Snowden, engineers lose faith in hardware
By Dan Goodin
Dec 10 2013
Developers of the FreeBSD operating system will no longer allow users to
trust processors manufactured by Intel and Via Technologies as the sole
source of random numbers needed to generate cryptographic keys that can't
easily be cracked by government spies and other adversaries.
The change, which will be effective in the upcoming FreeBSD version 10.0,
comes three months after secret documents leaked by former National
Security Agency (NSA) subcontractor Edward Snowden said the US spy agency
was able to decode vast swaths of the Internet's encrypted traffic. Among
other ways, The New York Times, Pro Publica, and The Guardian reported in
September, the NSA and its British counterpart defeat encryption
technologies by working with chipmakers to insert backdoors, or
cryptographic weaknesses, in their products.
The revelations are having a direct effect on the way FreeBSD will use
hardware-based random number generators to seed the data used to ensure
cryptographic systems can't be easily broken by adversaries. Specifically,
"RDRAND" and "Padlock"?RNGs provided by Intel and Via respectively?will no
longer be the sources FreeBSD uses to directly feed random numbers into the
systems. Instead, it will be possible to use the pseudo random output of
RDRAND and Padlock to seed /dev/random only after it has passed through a
separate RNG algorithm known as "Yarrow." Yarrow, in turn, will add further
entropy to the data to ensure intentional backdoors, or unpatched
weaknesses, in the hardware generators can't be used by adversaries to
predict their output.
"For 10, we are going to backtrack and remove RDRAND and Padlock backends
and feed them into Yarrow instead of delivering their output directly to
hardware random number generators, that is, RDRAND, Padlock etc., directly
by inline assembly or by using OpenSSL from userland, if required, but we
cannot trust them any more."
In separate meeting minutes, developers specifically invoked Snowden's name
when discussing the change.
"Edward Snowdon [sic] -- v. high probability of backdoors in some (HW)
RNGs," the notes read, referring to hardware RNGs. Then, alluding to the
Dual EC_DRBG RNG forged by the National Institute of Standards and
Technology and said to contain an NSA-engineered backdoor, the notes read:
"Including elliptic curve generator included in NIST. rdrand in ivbridge
not implemented by Intel... Cannot trust HW RNGs to provide good entropy
directly. (rdrand implemented in microcode. Intel will add opcode to go
directly to HW.) This means partial revert of some work on rdrand and
RNGs are one of the most important ingredients in any secure cryptographic
system. They are akin to the dice shakers used in board games that ensure
the full range of randomness is contained in each roll. If adversaries can
reduce the amount of entropy an RNG produces or devise a way to predict
some of its output, they can frequently devise ways to crack the keys
needed to decrypt an otherwise unreadable message. A weakness in the
instance, was the root cause of a critical exploit that recently allowed
thieves to pilfer bitcoins out of a user's digital wallet. RDRAND is the
source of random data provided by Ivy Bridge and later versions of Intel
processors. Padlock seeds random data in chips made by Via.
Dewayne-Net RSS Feed: Archives: RSS Feed: Modify Your Subscription:
Unsubscribe Now:
Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2013-09-05 22:05:02
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: [Cryptography] tamper-evident crypto? (was: BULLRUN) 
As I recall the history it was direction finding (HF-DF) that was causing
specific U-boats to be lost.  Crypto was more global---resulting in
rerouting convoys, etc.  See
After late '42 or so, U-boat radio silence would have indicated that using
the radios was a problem---even during the time that the Naval Enigma was
not being broken.

@_date: 2014-01-03 11:31:40
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: [Cryptography] nuclear arming codes 
There's an interview with Simmons somewhere (I cannot find it now), where
he recounts being aware of the PK codes and having thought about their
application to nuclear test telemetry before the Hellman/Diffie paper
(maybe RSA report).  When he saw an unclassified description of PK codes,
he immediately sat down and wrote up his thoughts---and could base them on
unclassified sources.

@_date: 2015-10-08 14:44:16
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Releases 21 Oral History Interviews 
​Well, I found General Tiltman interesting and the Hiss document was new to
Chuck ​

@_date: 2016-03-28 15:22:09
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Unicity distance of Playfair 
​I am confused here.  If each row of the matrix is a distinct permutation
of the alphabet, then  I think there are (26!)^26 possible keys.  For the
Vigenere there (26!) keys.  Big difference.

@_date: 2017-04-05 18:14:47
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Regulations of Tempest protections of buildings 
​Definition from FCC Rules 47 CFR Section 2.1
Interference.* The effect of unwanted energy *due to one or a combination
of emissions, radiations, or inductions upon reception in a
radiocommunication system, manifested by any performance degradation,
misinterpretation, or loss of information which could be extracted in the
absence of such unwanted energy. (RR)​
​Emphasis added​

@_date: 2017-10-14 18:22:59
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Suggestions for wearable wireless technology ? 
​Well, you asking for a lot.  And, you probably want it in relatively small
quantities (thousands not millions).
There are off-the-shelf WI-Fi modules that have much of what you want.  See
Then, to get low-power create your own sleep/wake protocol  or have a
button that turns the unit on.  For robustness, do your own potting and
vibration isolation.
For security, do your own encryption of the payload.
Hope this helps.

@_date: 2020-02-11 21:45:53
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: [Cryptography]  
Here's a 2015 BBC piece.  But ISTR that there were hints of this in Kahn's 1968 book---*Codebreakers*.
  My copy is 30 miles away--so I cannot check it.

@_date: 2020-01-04 17:12:55
@_author: Charles Jackson 
@_subject: [Cryptography] how to detect breakage -- lures etc.?? 
n Sat, Jan 4, 2020 at 2:24 AM Arnold Reinhold via cryptography <
In* Big Machines: Cryptographic Security of the German Enigma, Japanese
PURPLE, and US SIGABA/ECM Cipher Machines *Kelly states (IIRC) that in the
1970s, NSA deputy director Tordella (
 stated that they still
could not break SIGABA/ECM.
A paper by Stamp and Chan estimated that the SIGABA had a key of about 95
bits.  IIRC, they assume that the attacker knows the rotors.  If you assume
that the attacker has to recover the rotors from observing the traffic,
then the work required must be much greater.
key.  The US issued new  rotors every year.  If the Germans had done that
with Enigma, the allies would have had a much harder time recovering
Enigma-coded message.
