
@_date: 2002-03-06 17:10:21
@_author: Matt Curtin 
@_subject: 1997 RSA DES Challenge 
I'm writing a book about the 1997 DESCHALL project, tentatively
entitled /Brute Force/.  I'm using a lot of my own notes and whatnot
from the period to reconstruct the whole story.  If anyone else has
anything that would be helpful for putting the story back together,
including the activity in other efforts, political goings-on from the
period, etc., I'd be very grateful to receive them.
Specifically, I'd like to get ahold of:
 o SolNET stats, project milestones
 o SGI DES Challenge stats, project milestones
 o DES Violation Group stats, project milestones
I've been recently in touch with Rocke Verser and Justin Dolske and
would also love to hear from other DESCHALL developers.
basically enough technology for the reader to understand just what we
did and how we did it, without becoming a book on DES key cracking
optimization.  The focus in the story, the groups and people involved,
with the political, legal, and Internet computing threads woven
throughout the story.  I'm hoping to have it finished in time to be in
stores on the fifth anniversary of our success.
(Yes, it's been five years!)
Thanks in advance for any data, pointers, or other help in getting
this story told.

@_date: 2004-08-16 15:50:54
@_author: Matt Curtin 
@_subject: SHA-1 rumors 
Dobbertin's work on was reduced MD5.  I haven't heard anything about
progress on that front for several years.
MD4 was reported broken a year or two earlier.

@_date: 2004-05-18 18:02:52
@_author: Matt Curtin 
@_subject: Have any "Crack DES Now" graphics from 1997? 
Pardon the diversion.
As most here know, I'm hard at work on the book BRUTE FORCE, which is
the story behind the 1997 DESCHALL effort that was the first to crack
a DES key by brute force in public.  (Presently it is on-course for an
October release by Copernicus Books; we're aiming for something that
will be of interest to a fairly mainstream audience, as a critical
component of the Crypto Wars.)
If anyone has any of the "Crack DES Now!" graphics that we were using
through the project, I'd love to get my hands on some so I could
include them in the book.  I still have all of my web stuff from the
project, as well as Rocke's web pages, but it would be nice if we
could get some of the smaller banners and buttons that people were
using at the time.
Thanks in advance.

@_date: 2007-02-08 21:24:51
@_author: Matt Curtin 
@_subject: DESCHALL Classic Client Source Code Released 
Hello everyone.
It was at the RSA Conference ten years ago that the Secret Key
Challenges were issued, including the original DES Challenge.  Rocke
Verser's DESCHALL project, of course, went on to win that contest.
Source code for the project was covered by a ten-year non-disclosure
agreement.  Rocke has granted me permission to release the source code
for the classic fast DES key search clients and I have done so.
Additional server-side code, including the UDP<->HTTP proxies (both
sides) and the code for running the client distribution center, is
also available.
All of the goodies are at There are also links there in the "Writings" section to some technical
descriptions of the code's operation.
I'm also looking for Darrell Kindred and Andrew Meggs, both of whom
contributed very fast bitslice clients to the project after we got it
up and running, to secure their permission for the release of their
code as well.  I think that the code is very interesting and of
historical significance.
Thanks to Rocke for allowing the release as well as to everyone who
worked on the DES challenges.
