
@_date: 2001-12-26 07:45:13
@_author: Carl Ellison 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop 
then I see two major problems:
1.	the PKI vendors aren't financial institutions, so they aren't in a
position to assume risk and make money from that
2.	the current PKI thinking (e.g., with "rebuttable presumption of
non-repudiation") is anti-consumer, when viewed as a financial
mechanism, and I can't imagine that succeeding even if the vendors
were banks.
 - Carl

@_date: 2002-01-14 14:08:27
@_author: Carl Ellison 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop 
Of course you do.  That's why  is such a problem.  You thought you were talking to (and wanted to talk to) Palm Computing, just like the logos and page layout said you were.  You're not.  You're talking to a MITM.  Palm hired them to run the store?  The certificates don't say that.
Actually, Eric, the third party might confuse that for you.  The function it performs with respect to naming is not totally unlike the function of early anonymizers.  The TTP chooses a name to bind to the public key that might have only a tenuous relation to the name by which you know the keyholder.  As a result, when you do a name comparison between the certificate Subject and what you know about this person, "the person you think it does", you may have to make a guess about whether the match is correct.
Here we spend all this effort to reduce the probability of error, in the cryptography, to values like 2^{-128} and then make the security decision depend just as much on a guess with a much greater probability of error.  From the point of view of error probability, we should have left out the cryptographic part entirely.
 - Carl
P.S. the workshop where we should (and probably will) be discussing this is  and there are still two weeks before papers are due.

@_date: 2002-01-14 13:38:21
@_author: Carl Ellison 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop 
You're right.  That was a nice feature of SDSI, but I have see no call for it either, and I probably would before you would.
What we do see a strong need for is naming semantics of the form 'the person who I call jim'.

@_date: 2002-01-14 14:39:52
@_author: Carl Ellison 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop 
There is no certificate issued by Palm to Modus Media granting it authority to do business in Palm's name.  There is only a certificate by VeriSign to the effect that Modus Media has been granted permission to use SSL server authentication for the domain name store.palm.com.  Meanwhile, the information that the user really looks at to make a security decision (the Palm logo and the little padlock) aren't related at all.

@_date: 2002-01-14 15:35:43
@_author: Carl Ellison 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop 
That is certainly true today, but that is precisely how users decide whether or not to give up their credit card numbers or more sensitive information.  It's a good thing that the user is absolved of liability in case the credit card is stolen.  I disagree that it's not possible to secure logos.  It's a MMOP (mere matter of programming). :)
 - Carl

@_date: 2003-08-25 22:05:48
@_author: Carl Ellison 
@_subject: UPnP Security specs available for review  
The original lifetime plan was 2-3 years before being replaced by UPnP V2, plus some number of years for eventual replacement of older equipment in the field.  We don't have a firm release date for V2, however, so I can't be sure of that lifetime.
V2 is expected to be a profile of Web Services Security.
 - Carl

@_date: 2003-06-13 17:12:52
@_author: Carl Ellison 
@_subject: SDSI/SPKI background 
There were two: the certificate structure draft and the examples
draft.  But, you're right, it's the certificate structure that we
used from the draft without waiting for the RFC.
Of course, you're correct.  If we knew we were using all the same
language rather than local dialects, we might have some common tools
that people would be encouraged to write: e.g., a certificate viewer,
a certificate path discovery service, ...
You can't access my SPKI web page?
It works for me.
I owe a paper on this.  I've been looking into this heavily for a
couple of years.  See my section on the CAP Theorem on the SPKI web
page.  Since everything we do with certificates can be done equally
with local protected memory (ACLs, Directories) or with services out
on the net (holding their own protected memory), you have to have a
reason to choose one over the other at design time.  Network
partition tolerance is one of those reasons, but you have to
sacrifice either consistency or availability when you do that.  There
is also an advantage in revocation with the two ACL models (local
ACL; networked service) since there are no freely copied certificates
in use.  However, you're not home free.
We're not designing systems that have only computers connected by
communications channels.  Our systems perforce include human beings
(e.g., as policy administrators).  It is a human being who decides to
do a revocation.  That human doesn't live in the local machine
granting access.  Even if she did live right next door, she would
soon quit if every access request required her personal interaction. So, when you draw the "network" to include all those humans, you
still have network partition problems and still have the possibility
of a revocation problem.
BTW, Stefan, my mailer throws up on Mutt messages.  I need to get a
new mailer for this machine - but can Mutt send signed messages in
the old fashioned in-line style?
 - Carl
