
@_date: 2003-08-25 20:57:05
@_author: Carl Ellison 
@_subject: UPnP Security specs available for review  
Hi John.
I'm sorry you were disappointed.  I appreciate your comments on the
overview and summary, though.
1024-bit is not an upper limit in key size - but a lower limit.  I
appreciate your suggestion of varying key lengths and am glad that
you have put it in the open literature (this mail list).  We
explicitly plan for letting people add algorithms or key lengths of
their choice, should they find the defaults unacceptable.
As with any other standard, this is not an individual effort but a
group activity in standards committee.  A number of our members have
or plan to have small devices with limited processing power.  There
was significant resistance to the expense of public key operations,
which is why we restricted it to two actions: TakeOwnership and
SetSessionKeys, both rare, and set the default key size at 1024-bits.
Why we would ever send plaintext is that encryption is seen as
expensive for these limited devices.  It is additionally expensive in
this design because we were limited by the inability to violate the
pre-existing device architecture to using a tunneling method for
encryption.  That turns out to have been an advantage for a variety
of reasons, but it also increased the expense.  However, any
manufacturer is free to encrypt all traffic, if it chooses.  That's
all up to the manufacturer.
On pp. 24-25, we give advice to manufacturers on how to choose a
TakeOwnership password length.  The actual choice is up to the
manufacturer, of course.
I'm glad you enjoyed point   That was a design requirement from
the beginning of the project.  That is, in some devices (e.g., a
remotely accessible power meter), it was envisioned that there will
be functions that the manufacturer reserves to itself.  Rather than
have the manufacturer muck with the normal device's access control
structure and make its behavior strange, we strongly suggest that the
manufacturer create a sub-device to carry its own reserved functions
and leave that sub-device owned by the manufacturer from the
This mail thread might serve as advice to manufacturers.  The
suggestions you have made do not contradict the spec, but should be a
valuable addition to it.  Thanks again.
 - Carl
+---Officer, arrest that man. He's whistling a copyrighted song.---+
