
@_date: 2015-07-14 10:32:15
@_author: covariant 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Ad hoc "exceptional access" discussion at 
Hash: SHA256
The problem with government access is that it introduces a
(presumably) trusted third-party. I can see a few problems with that:
Whoever that third-party is, there is a possibility that it is a
central point of failure.
Good security is hard to achieve, and I have my doubts that
governments can provide it.
Besides, we are assuming the government is not malicious. Depending on
the country, this may be a reasonable assertion. But in many
countries, it is not.
In the end government access doesn't really solve anything. For those
who wish to hide their communications a few additional steps suffice,
- - - Rely on an additional layer of strong cryptography.
- - - Use good stenography.
- - - Use communication channels that are not being monitored.
It would be very naive and dangerous to assume that those with
malicious intentions are not able to put together the above list.
This is exactly the difference between the risk of adding new code and
third-party access: the former has benefits, the latter does not.
A significant portion of cryptographic work intends to eliminate third
parties from protocols.
This is a reasonable goal, because in an environment where trust is
important, it is wise to minimize the number of participants.
Many cryptographic protocols are broken by third-party access. I do
not mean to say "possibly broken" because the entire goal of these
protocol is not to have a third-party at all.
Overall, giving access to the government seems like a step backwards.
It's too late to stop what's coming, whether you like it or not.

@_date: 2015-10-24 09:16:04
@_author: covariant 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Attacking Elliptic Curve Crypto on the infinity 
If we can compute the
It does not make a lot of sense to define integration modulo p, and if
you did you would not get the same properties that you would get from
integration over a continuous space.
Generalizations (such as
 have been proposed,
and further generalizations might make sense.
More fundamentally, you use concepts such as "closest" and "length"
freely, even in the absence of a well-defined distance metric.
That's because it's not clear what you actually want to compute. You say
you want an integral or a length, without actually defining what you
mean by any of those two concepts.

@_date: 2016-02-18 10:02:59
@_author: covariant 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Thoughts on the Apple iPhone fiasco 
Hash: SHA256
You are ignoring the privacy of anyone who might have had contact with
the owner of the phone. These people might not be dead, and they might
not have known that they were talking to a mass murderer.
The mere disclosure of the fact that they had contact with this person
is a severe privacy violation, that could easily lead to false
accusations and (public) embarrassment.
I agree with this part of your analysis: Apple should simply not be
able to access that data. The fact that they can is, in truth, a
