
@_date: 2002-05-25 19:29:10
@_author: Ben Cox 
@_subject: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D converters 
I heard a story about this on NPR
( and they made
a point about how when someone comes up with a protection scheme like
this, thousands of people around the globe simultaneously try to find
any way they can to break it, and as soon as one does, the info is
immediately available to everyone.
In other words, the Internet and its users form something like a
nondeterministic computer --- as in Nondeterministic Polynomial (NP)...
(It seems obvious to me that the "problem" of defeating a copy
protection scheme is in NP.)

@_date: 2003-04-24 08:43:59
@_author: Ben Cox 
@_subject: DRM technology and policy 
FWIW, groups like BMI and ASCAP may try to claim that musicians are
demanding DRM technology (and copyright extensions), but I can vouch
that they didn't (at least, BMI didn't) poll their membership to back up
that claim.  As far as I can see, such claims from organizations like
these that purport to speak for musicians are thinly-veiled mouthpieces
of the RIAA.
In an informal discussion among 10 local independent musicians that I
participated in on Tuesday night, the subject of copyright and royalties
came up, and it was virtually unanimously agreed that we care more about
getting our music heard by a wide audience than about making money off
With that said, there is still an important function for copyright even
in the current day in which artists are happy to allow free copying of
our works.
While copyright protection is used by large corporations to protect
their economic interests, it is also (and more importantly, IMHO) used
by independent musicians to try to keep the large corporations from
screwing us: It gives us a tool with which to (attempt to) stop other
people from making money off our works without giving us a cut.
It seems we have come full circle: see
 posted here recently;
apparently before 1710 it was common practice for those who owned
printing presses to print and sell books without giving the authors
anything.  This was thought to be a Bad Thing (and I happen to agree). So copyright was granted, to make sure the authors didn't get cheated by
the publishers.
Even in the age of free and perfect copying, there WILL BE businesses
that will use artists' works to make money, even if only by acting as a
search engine or nexus of connections.  If there were no copyright
protection, artists would have no lever with which to attempt to get
their due cut.
Example: suppose there were a web site that allowed free downloads of
MP3 music files, supported by advertising revenue.  (Sound familiar?) Shouldn't the musicians whose music is placed on that web site get a cut
of that revenue?  After all, people don't go to the site just to look at
the ads.  (In the absence of copyright protection, note that the music
could be placed on that website without the musician's consent.)  (See
 for a
more direct criticism of this business model.)
Example: suppose, in a world of no-copyright, I write a really good
song, and some large corporation that I don't even like uses it so
prominently/frequently/ubiquitously in their advertising that the song
and the corporate brand identity are one; such that even if people hear
the song in other contexts, they think of the company.  The song is so
insanely great that the advertising campaign is an immense success and
the company makes billions.  In a no-copyright world, there's no
obligation for the company to pay me a dime for turning them into such a
success; I can't even block them from using my song without permission. In today's world, with copyright laws, they have to pay me to use my
song, and depending on the circumstances, I may even be able to keep
them from using my song at all, if I don't like the company.
We musicians the other night all agreed that we were happy to allow
people to copy our music FOR FREE -- but if anyone was going to charge
money for copying it, or make money from it in some other way, we also
all agreed that we should get some of that.
Anyway, my point is that while a lot of bad things have been done in the
name of copyright protection, I think some more thinking needs to be
done before we decide it would be a good idea to chuck it altogether.

@_date: 2003-03-12 14:10:48
@_author: Ben Cox 
@_subject: Tools for anonymous blogging 
E-gold spammed me the other day, with a bogus HTML "about your account"
type message.
Why exactly should I consider doing business with them?

@_date: 2003-03-31 13:31:53
@_author: Ben Cox 
@_subject: Run a remailer, go to jail? 
I seem to remember Verizon running DSL TV ads a while back for an
equipment and installation deal that included a low-end NAT router. At
least in my area (Pittsburgh), they really don't seem to care how many
machines I have behind the router in my house.
Indeed, when Verizon DSL switched me from a static IP to a PPPoE
connection last week (without telling me; gee thanks), and I called
their tech support line to find out why my connection was down, the
first question the tech asked was whether I was using a router.  I said
yes, and he gave me the PPPoE info I needed to configure my router while
he waited on the line.  The only concern he seemed to have about the
router was pure personal curiosity as to what model it was.

@_date: 2003-05-09 08:26:58
@_author: Ben Cox 
@_subject: Requim for DRM: Apple music sells one million in less than a 
I'm not sure how this is really a "requiem" for DRM, since Apple's
iTunes Music Store sells AAC files that include a DRM scheme.  Whether
you consider Apple's AAC-based DRM scheme onerous or not is up to you. But it is there.
In the latest TidBITS, Adam Engst discusses Apple's DRM from a user's
point of view (not a technical/implementation POV).
