
@_date: 2003-11-16 11:24:02
@_author: lrk 
@_subject: A-B-a-b encryption 
"Stupid crypto", probably. Unless I'm missing something, this only works
if A(A(M)) = M. Symetric crypto, not just symetric keys.
NEVER willingly give the cryptanalyst the same message encrypted with
the same system using two different keys.
For the simple case, suppose F(X) = X ^ S (exclusive or with a string
generated from the key).
Then  M = A(M) ^ B(M) ^ B(A(M)), right?
Probably something similar for other symetric systems.
crypto at ovillatx.sytes.net

@_date: 2003-10-03 16:09:53
@_author: lrk 
@_subject: Monoculture / Guild 
The problem with guilds is that they become set in their ways. Ask here
how the fact that "not all large numbers are hard to factor" affects RSA
and you will be ignored or dismissed. Ask whether cubic meters of special
hardware could brute-force keys better than the same cubic meters of super
computers and you get the same.
As a perineal outsider, I notice this in several fields. I'm not in the
guild for measuring the Specific Gravity of Gases. Which is precisely why
my name is on the patent for the smallest machine (4,677,841).

@_date: 2004-08-06 12:14:05
@_author: lrk 
@_subject: Al Qaeda crypto reportedly fails the test 
Code practices used by Federal LEOs in the 1980s. I mentioned to friends
about hearing the DEA using a "Spiderman Codewheel" type cipher and then
came across one in the Safeway store. Same Caesar cipher sequence, complete
with the Spiderman picture.
More amusing to hear them complain about being unable to decipher messages
that I had read. Of course, I didn't know which day's key to use.

@_date: 2004-08-06 12:04:21
@_author: lrk 
@_subject: Cryptography and the Open Source Security Debate 
Sometimes it is these "schools of thought" that provide the holes. PGP
cannot be "proven" secure because it is not. It is possible for a key
generator to find a value for N which is easy to factor. The probability
is very very very small but not actually zero.
None of the source I have looked thru checked to make sure N was not an
easy to factor number. And "group think" seems to trivialize any discussion
of ways to find the easy ones.
It is also possible to encode with PGP and get cyphertext which equals the
cleartext. Again, infinitesimally small probability, but not zero. Except
for M=0 or M=1, finding one of those compromises the key.
More dangerous is a key generator which deliberately produces keys which
are easy to factor by someone knowing a secret. These should be found
in open source but I suggest many reviewers could miss this and again the
"group think" would probably cause most not to even look.
If you use PGP and don't have the source, verify that the source actually
implements the algorithm correctly, verify you are using object code
actually representing that source, and have the capacity to understand the
possible holes in the process, you don't have actual security.
If you use PGP keys generated by someone else, you may have no security.

@_date: 2004-08-23 16:02:32
@_author: lrk 
@_subject: Cryptography and the Open Source Security Debate 
Yep. And I know that. But as my hair turns grey, I make more simple mistakes
and catch fewer of them.
Looks like we are batting zero here. I have seen no responses nor received
off-list e-mail from anyone admitting to examining the open source for holes.
My examination of RSAREF and OpenSSL code was more toward understanding how
they handled big numbers. It appears both generate prime numbers which are
half the length of the required N and with both of the two most significant
bits set to one. This means the ratio R=P/Q (P being the larger prime) is
limited to 1<R<(4/3). The actual maximum R is less and can be determined
by examining N.
While this seems not very helpful, the more bits of R I know, the easier
it is to factor N. Is this well known and has it been discussed here?

@_date: 2004-08-27 13:44:17
@_author: lrk 
@_subject: Cryptography and the Open Source Security Debate 
The source of OpenSSL I looked at was part of the FreeBSD distribution.
    int BN_rand(BIGNUM *rnd, int bits, int top, int bottom);
    BN_rand() generates a cryptographically strong pseudo-random number of
    bits bits in length and stores it in rnd. If top is -1, the most
    significant bit of the random number can be zero. If top is 0, it is
    set to 1, and if top is 1, the two most significant bits of the number
    will be set to 1, so that the product of two such random numbers will
    always have 2*bits length. If bottom is true, the number will be odd.
It appears this is called with top=1 for RSA primes. OpenSSL may not use
it that way.

@_date: 2004-09-02 09:11:53
@_author: lrk 
@_subject: How thorough are the hash breaks, anyway? 
One would think that the more one knows about the factors, the easier
factoring would be. Since we know an RSA modulus contains exactly two
primes, usually each half the length of the modulus, factoring an RSA
modulus should be easier than factoring a random number of about the same
size. This depends, of course, on being able to use a method which takes
advantage of the additional information.
The simple case for factoring easy RSA modulii occurs when the primes are too close together rather than being small.
Other easy cases are based on other accidental characteristics.

@_date: 2004-09-17 11:29:01
@_author: lrk 
@_subject: public-key: the wrong model for email? 
That seems to be the actual problem. If you want real security, you need a
vault, guards, cryptographers, and do the crypto in the vault.
I use GnuPG so my e-mail is in an "envelope" rather than on a "postcard".
If the fedz want to read it they bring guns, slammers, and rubber hoses
Perhaps it is time to define an e-mail definition of crypto to keep the
"postman" from reading the "postcards". That should be easy enough to
implement for the average user and provide some degree of privacy for
their mail. Call it "envelopes" rather than "crypto". Real security requires more than a Windoz program.

@_date: 2005-11-16 10:05:01
@_author: lrk 
@_subject: the effects of a spy 
Probably not. I'm an outsider listening in but what I can hear seems to
say they are no better at key management. Or crypto gear which does not get in the way of fast reliable tactical communications.
The term "broadcast" has a special meaning in the radio world. It is by
definition one-way. Thus the "fleet broadcast" was sent to all the ships
and each picked out it's own messages. Key negotiation probably was never
practical on those circuits.
The broadcast became available via satellite sometime in the sixties. It was 75 baud teletype. It is still there today.
I doubt the top-level equipment could fall into the wrong people's hands
as it is probably not in the field. The tactical systems don't need to be
as good since the information is not useful for very long.
With any luck, the EP-3 that landed in China did not give up as much info.
The CD-ROMs for loading the computers become unreadable after a few seconds
in the microwave oven. :)
There is probably some level where this is considered but there is little
indication the military is not about as far behind the real world as they
have always been.
We also can hope the intel function has shifted from breaking diplomatic
and military communications to sifting out the gems from the pebbles in
the landslide of general telecomm.
And there is the problem of brainpower. The military and NSA probably have
less now than during real wars.
Note that by current standards, Alan Turing could not get a US security
