
@_date: 2002-01-25 14:55:42
@_author: cryptography@summitsecurity.org 
@_subject: biometrics 
Hi ...
I think it's safe to say that any system can be made wothless by improper
or inadequate implementation and that's no more or less true for biometrics
than anything else.  The "moderator's note" doesn't define "the entire
system physically secure" but it comes to my mind that rather trivially a
sensor system (iris reader, fingerprint reader etc.) can be immunized from
the suggested attack of "generating images and sending them" by the sensor
device possessing a cryptographic secret -i.e. a private key-, and the
business end of the system performing sufficient "client authentication" on
the sensor device to satisfy whatever security requirements exist.
[Moderator's note: If the iris reader is not in the physical control
of the actor depending on it for authentication, it can be broken
into, its cryptographic secret stolen, and then used to forge a "live
eye" claim sent to the actor. You can also replace part of the device
and feed it whatever analog or digital signal it is expecting from the
other part of the device to mean "Bob".
There is no such thing as a "tamper proof" device, and that goes
double for anything distributed to consumers and left in their sole
possession for indefinite periods Alice cannot be sure it is Bob if
Frank can spend time physically attacking the reader so that he can
send Bob's iris print whether Bob is there or not. A physical
measurement of a subject is NOT a secret. It cannot be treated as a
secret. Biometrics cannot be used except if Alice completely and
reliably has physical control over the device she is using to identify
Bob. Anyone claiming otherwise is simply wrong. --Perry]
Then you are dealing with the problem of forging, or detecting the forging,
of "is-ness" (what do you mean by "is" your honor?).  In other words, has
something been presented to the sensor that it recognizes as valid but
which is not?  But I'd assert that biometric sensors can be made as immune
as one wants to pay for to forged stimuli.  Or combinations of sensors can
be used if you really care that much - pulse, heat, fingerprint
combinations and so forth.  [Moderator's note: who is to say there is even a sensor at the other
end and not just a computer program telling you "This is Bob's iris"?
You cannot know. Combinations of sensors that aren't there are no
better than one sensor that isn't there. Combinations of sensors that
are having artificial signals injected are no better than one. --Perry]
But to say that "if you don't do biometric systems right they're not very
good" doesn't seem to add much to understanding how to make them good.
[Moderator's note: the implicit assumption is you can make them good. --Perry]
case of
weakness of

@_date: 2002-01-25 17:36:24
@_author: cryptography@summitsecurity.org 
@_subject: biometrics 
Not wanting to have extended contest over this, but all these absolutes in
the comments are just too simplistic. Devices can be made as
tamper-resistant as the threat- and value-model required.  I have worked a
lot with zeroizing devices.  It's really No Big Deal.  Smartcards are
tamper PROTECTED.  A ccd retinal scanner can include cryptographic
protections onchip.  C'mon, depending on "is-ness" is exactly the same
cat-and-mouse game as authentication technologies that depend on
"have-ness" and "know-ness" attributes.  All have strengths and weaknesses.
A PROPERLY DESIGNED system provides a level of assurance commensurate with
the value and threat models - it may indeed require a combination of
technologies, such as strong authentication of the sensor using
cryptographic techniques, and signal security for confidentiality.  That is
all most certainly achievable, to essentially any desirable assurance
level, modulo some dollar amount.  Anyone claiming otherwise is simply
wrong  :)

@_date: 2002-03-25 08:05:13
@_author: cryptography@summitsecurity.org 
@_subject: Neural network 'in-jokes' could pass secrets 
IMO there are a lot of tricks and traps to get from this idea to a workable
cryptosystem.  For the networks to converge they must still share some
characteristic - think of -this- characteristic as the secret key, and it
seems you have the same key distribution problem you're trying to solve.
Guessing from the sketchy details, the net's initial weights must be
logically identical for them to converge so exactly, so then anyone having
a copy of the same net should be able to decrypt the same messages as any
other.  I think the balloon's being squeezed but no breakthrough here.
majordomo at wasabisystems.com
