
@_date: 2007-10-08 10:12:58
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: Full Disk Encryption solutions selected for US Government 
I don't believe this to be the case.
FIPS 140(-2) is about validating cryptographic implementations. It is not about certifying entire products that contain ample functionality well outside the scope of cryptographic evaluation. That's more of a Common Criteria thing.
That said, one problem with selling FIPSed products to USG is that some auditors are sticklers for version numbers. They can require proof/rep&warrant that the FIPSed version of the crypto is actually in use.
Audit appeasement requirements frequently cause considerable annoyance to both vendors and the end user.
OpenSSL FIPS Object Module 1.1.1 has FIPS 140-2 when running on SUSE 9.0 and HPUX 11i, according to
In the context of a conversation about whether something formally has FIPS validation or not, the details are important.
Back to the original question...
As far as I recall, none such were submitted for consideration. Bear in mind that the process isn't just about software, but that a commercial entity submits both a product that meets the list of capability checkboxes, and that the entity itself is viable and can provide support and the like.

@_date: 2008-01-05 15:28:50
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: DRM for batteries 
I don't think I agree with the "DRM for batteries" characterization. It's not my data in that battery that they're preventing me from getting at.
Given that illicit replica batteries can have particularly mediagenic failure modes, I posit that manufacturers are increasingly motivated to make sure that if the battery says NameBrand on it, it actually is a NameBrand battery. Counterfeit failures lead to brand damage and other unpleasant economic side-effects.
Not that real NameBrand batteries don't ever behave badly, but this type of countermeasure should also provide legitimate manufacturers with additional incentive not to screw up. Which is actually to the end users' benefit.

@_date: 2008-01-26 15:15:33
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: German Government Skype interception methods leaked... 
I've skimmed some of the coverage and I can't help but think that this is being hyped in large part because Skype is mentioned.
What's being described seems to require running DigiTask's code on an endpoint. If you're installed on the machine anyway, rather than grabbing packets on the wire, all you'd need to do is get the data -- eg by inserting yourself into standard OS audio and HID APIs -- before Skype's code processes it. Such an approach would never have to deal with encrypted bits, and really has nothing to do with Skype at all.
NB also that unless they've implemented specific countermeasures in the mean time, Skype remains vulnerable to traffic analysis, cf.

@_date: 2008-10-29 08:23:26
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: Skein announced 
The Skein team has announced its submission to the NIST hash competition:

@_date: 2009-03-03 10:35:48
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop 
Unless I'm misunderstanding the ruling, Boucher is not being compelled to produce his passphrase (like he could under RIPA Section 49 in the UK), but he is being told to produce the unencrypted contents of the drive.
Assuming I'm interpreting the ruling correctly, this seems little different than a judge approving a search warrant for a residence, whose execution could produce incriminating evidence that is usable in court.
There is a chasm of difference between being compelled to produce keys, which could be subsequently reused with other encrypted material, and being compelled to produce specific unencrypted data, which is much more narrowly scoped and therefore less intrusive.
