
@_date: 2009-09-22 10:14:49
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: FileVault on other than home directories on MacOS? 
Hi Steven
You can just use encrypted disk images, which is IIRC what FileVault
In Disk Utility -> New Image, select size, properties and encryption
type (AES 128 or 256) and Create.
Then mount and use your encrypted disks as needed.

@_date: 2017-07-26 19:04:30
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anyone interested in a cheap security module for 
The R-Pi is cheap enough (and will only get cheaper) to serve as an air-gapped HSM by itself.
This is the idea behind Noodle Unsnoopable, an integrated R-Pi (Zero) based handheld device with hi-res display, camera, and battery.
It’s on Kickstarter now: This was specifically designed for use with HashCash ( offline wallets and
my Unsnoopable messaging app ( I mentioned such a device in previous posts on this list.
So, you want to buy a hamburger with Bitcoin.
Let’s say you don’t want to trust anyone with your Bitcoin, so you want to hold it yourself.
You set up a HashCash (abbreviated as "[ below) vault at home, maybe inside a physical safe if you like. You store your Bitcoin in your vault and you get [ coins from your vault. These go in your [ wallet on your Noodle Unsnoopable (shorted to “Noodle" below), which is air-gapped and can’t connect to any networks.
Now you go off shopping.. you want to buy some gadgets, buy a hamburger, etc.
When you need to pay someone, you enter the amount in your [ wallet on the Noodle, scan the [ coins as a QR code from the Noodle with your phone, and send them to your vault. The vault then sends Bitcoin to the payee’s bitcoin address.
The vault can also be air-gapped, communicating over a serial link.
So your Bitcoin keys are always air-gapped, and your [ coins are always air-gapped. Yet you can pay with a couple of taps on your Noodle and a QR code scan on your mobile Better yet, your family and friends trust you enough to use your [ vault, so now they can do the same thing with their [ wallets on their Noodles. And since [ is untraceable, they don’t compromise any privacy by using your vault.
And this is before there are any public [ vaults whose coins are widely accepted by merchants. Once there are a few of those, you don’t need to run your own vault at all to buy a hamburger. You just load up your wallet with some [ coins from any of the well-reputed vaults and pay the merchant directly in [ Merchant simply scans the
coins off your Noodle.
Also, since the Noodle runs entirely off its MicroSD card, the only thing you need to keep physically secure is the MicroSD card, which pops easily out of the device and is really easy to keep secure. You can also easily make backups of it. And multiple people can use the same device, just by popping in different MicroSD Of course Noodle Unsnoopable (and Noodle Pi, the network-capable version) can
be used for a lot of other stuff too (including perfectly unsnoopable messaging,
with the Unsnoopable app).
Very limited number of early bird rewards left. Grab one soon!

@_date: 2017-06-20 22:57:05
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [Announce] Unsnoopable - Completely unsnoopable 
twist)
You guys are circling close to a scheme for completely unsnoopable
messaging that I've been trying to turn into a usable solution for
quite some time (with recent success, I believe).
The basic idea is simple enough, and I implemented a first version of
it in early 2004. Use one-time pads generated on offline air-gapped
machines, and encryption and decryption happens on those machines as
well. Plaintext and OTPs never leave the air-gapped machines. Voila:
completely secure encryption, completely secure OTPs and plaintext
(from any kind of network-based attack - physical attacks are out of
I think I briefly considered mechanical OTP devices, but decided to
just go with a regular small computer. At that time I used a Compaq iPAQ and a Sharp Zaurus. The minimal first version I wrote in 2004 was in Perl and relied on sneakernet, by means of Sony memory sticks or SD cards, to move the ciphertext between the air-gapped machine and one that was online and could send and receive messages.
It was a bit too cumbersome for actual use, and few people at the time had a computer that could be dedicated full time to being an offline air-gapped device. So I never published the Perl module (Crypt::OneTimePad) and the simple command-line utilities to use it. It just kept sitting in my Code directory and getting copied from machine to machine over the years.
(When I recently opened it to restart work on it, after having hit upon
the way to make this system quite usable, all the files were
corrupted. No biggie, it was pretty simple code-wise).
In mid-2014 the idea popped into my head again, and this time I had a
solution for the sneakernet component, and the need for two
computers. This solution was along the same lines as Tom described in
his recent message: use an old model iPod Touch or similar device as
the air-gapped device, and your regular smartphone as the online
As to how to send the ciphertext across between the two without using
a network, the solution I came up with in 2014 was to use an audio
cable connected between their headphone/mic jacks, and to use
a software modem to send the data over the cable encoded as audio.
As the obvious target devices for this idea seemed to be an iPod Touch
and an iPhone, I spent some time trying to learn iOS programming in
order to implement it. This was a real drag: coming from Perl the iOS
development landscape is pretty horrible, with a bureaucratic, overly
verbose language and frameworks. And no way to avoid reinventing
wheels even remotely comparable to CPAN, of course.
Plus there was the prospect of having to eventually get the app
through Apple's approval process to get on the app store. And what if
they decided it was something they didn't approve of? All that trouble
for nothing. It was also a problem that an iPod Touch contains
wireless networking hardware that you can never truly be sure is off,
even if you turn it off in the UI. Also bad: Apple's devices have no
MicroSD card slot.
Anyway, I didn't see any other practical method to implement this so I
kept trying to learn iOS programming, and also wrote most of a
preliminary patent application for this system (patent to be licensed
under the Defensive Patent License, of course). This was also quite a
painful exercise, especially as I realised that it was probably
At the end of July 2014 a group led by Jeffrey Chang launched a
Kickstarter campain for JackPair, an air-gapped device designed to
encrypt voice calls and communicate over the network through a mobile
phone, which it would connect to using, yep, an audio cable.
I backed that project and tried to spread the word about it. The
project did get funded but so far they have not delivered the
device. JackPair was still quite different from my idea in that it
wasn't *perfectly unsnoopable* messaging, as it didn't use OTPs, and
required the unencrypted message to be spoken, making it susceptible
to all forms of audio snooping.
Anyway, the iOS programming didn't go anywhere and neither did
finishing the PPA. Life intervened and this went on the back-burner
again, though I did plan to get back to it asap.
Just about a year ago, amost to the day, I hit upon the two final insights that could make it all work: use QR codes to move the ciphertext between devices; and screw iOS and waiting around for Apple's permission to release code. Instead, just write it in Perl and run it on a Raspberry Pi or
similar open device with a small screen and a camera.
I immediately started designing a device to run it on, and I've made
good progress on that front. Will be working to get a Kickstarter going
for it soon.
I came up with a few names for this system in 2014, but nothing I
really liked. Last year I also hit upon a good name for it, and registered A couple of days ago I finally published to CPAN the Perl module
Crypt::Unsnoopable. The distribution includes a simple GUI app that implements this system. A website with info and pre-built executables for various platforms will be up at  shortly.
All comments, ideas, code, translation assistance, etc. most welcome and greatly appreciated.
Oh, and one more thing:
Some days ago I also released HashCash, a permissionless, Chaumian
digital cash system that can be used from air-gapped devices, to keep
coins super safe (using the same QR code based communication as in
Unsnoopable). Separate post about that next.

@_date: 2017-06-20 23:06:56
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [ANNOUNCE] HashCash Digital Cash 
An untraceable, permissionless digital cash system based on blind
Screenshots, FAQ, and executables for some platforms are at:
   HashCash is free software, written in Perl and published under the
Artistic License 2.0.
Source can be downloaded from CPAN. On Unix-ish systems it should also
be possible to download and install the package with:
   cpan Crypt::HashCash
(note different capitalization from Adam's Hashcash)
HashCash is a lightweight Chaumian blind-signature based digital cash system, designed to work without the need for user registration or accounts.
The current implementation is a minimal usable version. It is experimental and released for beta testing.
HashCash can operate with various blind signature algorithms and value
bases. The initial version includes support for blind RSA and ECDSA
signatures, and a vault based on Bitcoin.
HashCash coins are bearer tokens of specific denominations,
blind-signed by a vault, representing a quantity of some value
(precious metals / Bitcoin / altcoins / fiat / whatever) stored by the
Users can export coins from their wallets and send them directly to
anyone else using any communication medium. Coins can be encrypted
when exported, and the encryption passphrase sent to the recipient
using an alternate communication method, to protect coins in
transit. For in-person transactions, recipients can just scan coins as
QR codes from payers' devices.
The wallet can work with multiple independent vaults, just as an email
client might connect to multiple email accounts on different servers.
With the free vault software and fairly modest hardware and bandwidth
requirements, operating a HashCash vault is within the capabilities of
most people with basic computer skills, facilitating decentralizaton
based on a diversity of competing private vaults. Independent
automated reliability and reputation tracking of vaults could help
users select reliable vaults to use.
Coin minting and verification fees can be set independently by each
vault, and are built into each interaction with a vault, which enables
vaults to operate without the need for user accounts.
A vault's private keys can be kept completely offline at all times, by
running the vault on machines air-gapped from the Internet and
communicating with them over serial links. The HashCash protocol is
designed to facilitate air-gapped vaults, as well as completely
offline yet fully functional wallets, which can provide a high level
of security for naive users.
Offline mode for the wallet is included in current implementation. I'm
still fine-tuning the support for air-gapped vaults. It works and has been well tested, just needs to be cleaned up. Support for air-gapped vaults should be included in an upcoming release soon, and an experimental live air-gapped vault should also be online shortly. In the meantime, you can get a feel for the system by running a vault locally. More details on that on the Download page:
    Comments, bug reports, code, translation assistance, etc. most welcome
and greatly appreciated.

@_date: 2017-06-21 12:05:45
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [ANNOUNCE] HashCash Digital Cash 
Hashcash is a denial-of-service countermeasure by Adam Back.
HashCash is a digital cash system by me.
iOS is an OS for mobile devices by Apple.
IOS is an OS for routers and switches by Cisco.
Capitalization matters.
There’s also a section on this in the FAQ.
Adam agreed that I’m free to use HashCash (and the domains hashcash.com and hashcash.net) for my project, when I gave him the hashcash.org domain back in 2003.
I’ve been thinking and working on this project for over 20 years, and it’s always
been HashCash in my mind and in the code. I think “HashCash” is too nice a name to be reserved solely for something that isn’t actually a cash system.

@_date: 2017-06-21 12:18:46
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [ANNOUNCE] HashCash Digital Cash 
I don’t think there are any major weaknesses. I don’t agree that trusting a vault
is bad. More details on this are in the FAQ.
TumbleBit is only a mixer, and takes time to anonymize your bitcoin. Worse, it’s not really anonymizing it, it’s just mixing it with that of others who are also jumping through extra hoops just to anonymize their bitcoin (i.e. likely involved with something that is “frowned upon”) - so by mixing with TumbleBit you probably just increase your chances of receiving funds that have a tainted history. Plus you paint a
target on your back simply by using something whose sole purpose is to obfuscate your financial activity.
TumbleBit does nothing to address other shortcomings of Bitcoin, such as slow
transactions, high fees, or the need for every transaction to be logged forever.
HashCash is a full cash system. The current implementation uses Bitcoin for the
value base but that’s just because that’s a convenient way to leverage existing
networks at this point. HashCash isn’t tied to Bitcoin in any fundamental way and could be overlaid on any value base. Eventually I expect to see HashCash vaults based on precious metals, which is really the only way to have sound digital cash.
HashCash is useful for tons of situations where Bitcoin is not: Buying coffee,
micropayments, non-geek users, users without Internet access…
TumbleBit has no use-cases other than obfuscating funds, which makes it a
sitting duck for regulatory takedown. HashCash has many use-cases that it could become indispensable for (e.g. micropayments) which should (once these
use-cases are well integrated into the ’net’s workings) make it more difficult to take down HashCash vaults.
Also, IMO, despite the current tulip mania, Bitcoin will not be around very long.
Bitcoin is really just valueless Hashcash hashes with artificial scarcity bolted on
top, and tons of hype. Eventually the realization will dawn that Bitcoin’s 21 million
limit isn’t really any limit when you have 10,000 Bitcoin clones. The fact that Bitcoin has lost significant market share in the last few months is an indication that this
process is already underway.
At the moment Bitcoin works because that realization is still a long way from
hitting the mainstream, because its main competitor is fiat which is just a total
disaster, and because in a world of negative interest rates people will flock to anything
that appears to offer actual returns, even a bubble.
HashCash based on a real value backing such as precious metals will still be useful long after that bubble has burst.

@_date: 2017-06-21 21:03:38
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [ANNOUNCE] HashCash Digital Cash 
OK, I didn’t notice that the first time I read about it. However on a quick scan of the
paper it does seem that there's a time / privacy tradeoff even in the payment channel mode. The more thoroughly you want your transactions anonymized, the longer you’d need to keep the payment channel open.
It also seems that both payer and payee need to commit funds to escrow for this mode to work, and keep those funds committed as long as they’d like the payment
channel open. So if you have 20 payment hubs you use, you have to have funds on escrow with all of them. I don’t think that would work for most users.
HashCash needs none of that. You could exchange Bitcoin to HashCash and
then exchange back to Bitcoin seconds later, and the Bitcoin you receive will
come from the set of ALL UTXOs belonging to the vault, not just the ones linked to
a particular payment channel, or limited by a specific timeframe. (And in a HashCash
system based on precious metals the backing value is itself completely private and However, my main point was that since HashCash is a full cash system, not a payment channel or a tumbler, and more convenient to use than Bitcoin, you would probably just sling HashCash around all day long rather than converting to Bitcoin. Bitcoin might just be a thin interface between HashCash and fiat for most people. Once exchangers
started doing Fiat <-> HashCash directly, most end users wouldn’t even need to know
that there was Bitcoin in there in the middle too.
And once you have HashCash backed by precious metals, you can just dispense with
both fiat and bitcoin.
HashCash is a real *cash* system. It has real coins. Bitcoin isn’t a real cash
system. A real cash system has all sorts of versatility that ledger-based systems It’s also super easy to understand (and use securely). I can explain it to a total non-techie
in under 10 minutes. If users can’t directly understand how a system works, you’re asking them to trust the developers and crypto-geeks. So you haven’t taken
trust out of the equation at all. You’ve also lost 90% of your potential users because it’s all just too complicated. If users can’t easily use a system securely, that system is just putting their funds up for grabs by the next criminal to come along. I don’t believe most regular users can use
Bitcoin securely.
Also, when you cut through the hype, blockchain currencies themselves are speculative bubbles (probably short-lived) premised on artificial (and unreal) scarcity. As such, I find most attempts to bolt privacy onto them somewhat pointless (although it’s true of course that they may result in interesting ideas that could have applicability elsewhere).
HashCash is not an attempt to bolt privacy onto Bitcoin. It’s a totally distinct, true digital cash system that can be layered on top of Bitcoin (and maybe Litecoin and others as well in the future) as a way to help vaults bootstrap themselves.
Yes, and as mentioned above, with HashCash the anonymity set is all transactions,
ever, in a HashCash vault, vs. transactions within a payment channel or within a specific
timeframe, as I understand the case to be with TumbleBit.
As TumbleBit requires payees and payers to both escrow funds, whereas HashCash doesn’t, that would also seem to make it more likely that HashCash vaults will have more And really, once all this matures a bit, with HashCash you’d never think of Bitcoin at all,
whereas with TumbleBit you need to think and know about both Bitcoin and TumbleBit.
This is the only benefit, if you’re comparing the two solely as Bitcoin anonymization
methods. But HashCash is a cash system, and looking at it only as a Bitcoin anonymization
solution is missing most of the point.
I also totally disagree with the notion that trusted third parties are the worst thing ever. E-gold was a trusted third party based system that worked for longer than Bitcoin has so far (with
instant transactions, low fees, and a real value backing). In the end it didn’t go down because E-Gold was untrustworthy, it went down because it was ridiculously vulnerable to regulatory takedown. That’s a separate risk from the risk of trusting a third party, and that risk exists with Bitcoin and blockchains as well. It still remains to be seen if Bitcoin survives even as
long as E-gold did.
E-gold was also a proprietary system that couldn’t easily be cloned by hundreds or thousands
of free-market competitors (though it did still have some competitors). HashCash is free software and a vault can be set up by anyone.
The market has been in the business of decentralizing and keeping providers honest a lot
longer than blockchains, and it does a mighty fine job of it when it’s free to operate.
Not really. If they don’t want to trust the vault you can just send them a HashCash
-> Bitcoin payment. It will just cost more and be slower than sending HashCash.
Interestingly, you could even do that right now using your own vault (no 3rd party trust needed). You run a vault at home just for your own use, put some Bitcoin in it, it issues you some HashCash coins. Now you can spend those HashCash coins as Bitcoin from your offline HashCash wallet any time, and the Bitcoin will be sent by your vault. That’s already a much more secure and convenient way to use your Bitcoin than to have a Bitcoin wallet on any normal connected device.
However that’s a degenerate case where you can achieve the same result in a simpler way. But extending it a bit further, you could also run a home vault for your family. Your kids’ allowance, cash for chores, etc, gets paid to them in HashCash and they can spend it as Bitcoin any time. You might provide HashCash coins to friends and family members who don’t have the best infosec habits to use Bitcoin securely, and they'd be able to use them securely from an offline HashCash wallet. If your vault’s users make transactions between each other using HashCash from your vault, you can’t track those transactions.
Extend it a bit further, and a respected and generally trusted person or group within a small community might run a vault for that community, which permits them to have a truly local cash system that depends on no external parties in any way, and could even run independent of the Internet. This could be pretty useful in large parts of the third world, including places where the local fiat currency is literally worth less than toilet paper.
You see where this is going? You can have HashCash vaults running at various different scales, providing many independent cash systems that can all interoperate. Much like
email and the ‘net.
Also if someone doesn’t want to trust a vault long-term but they’re ok to do so on a shorter
timescale, they can minimize the amount of time they trust the vault for by immediately converting received HashCash to Bitcoin.
Same bootstrapping problem TumbleBit would have, but less, because being a full cash
system that’s more versatile, easier to understand and use (and even more secure, for most users, see FAQ) than Bitcoin, HashCash has many more use cases other than just privacy, so it should gain traction faster.
How would that happen, when anyone who runs a vault stands to profit?
The profits to be gained from running a vault, and the low barrier to entry, should help
ensure a large number of vaults and lots of competition between them. Vaults targeting different countries, local communities, specific requirements of certain user groups, with different fees, different value bases… We see such a proliferation of blockchain currencies, the same should
happen with HashCash vaults (possibly in higher numbers, as a HashCash vault is much easier to start).
However with Blockchain currencies this is a problem, as every new blockchain currency brings closer the day of reckoning when it becomes generally understood that each individual currency’s coin minting limit (if it even has one) is meaningless, and that all of them are minted by fiat and have zero scarcity or reason to have any value. On the other hand the proliferation of HashCash vaults would only strengthen and diversify the HashCash ecosystem.
Nor would it be a problem to have hundreds of vaults, as long as there are also good automated
systems to test and rate them, which are pretty easy to set up. Most people might accept
HashCash from (let’s say) the Top 100 vaults so you’d just be able to use coins from any of
those vaults. But if you had specific requirements (use a vault in a specific jurisdiction, or
with a specific value base, or with especially low fees for micropayments) you could use a specifically selected vault.
Yes, my point was that with a system that has more use-cases other than just privacy,
those other use-cases could embed in the ‘net in a way that makes takedown
difficult. If HashCash micropayments become a common way of paying for network
resources to prevent resource exhaustion attacks (which, IMO, is an excellent application
for HashCash) that will make it more difficult to take down HashCash vaults without messing up a lot of network infrastructure that depends on them.
The bubble is still inflating but Bitcoin’s share of it is reducing. That’s just proof (if any was ever
needed) that Bitcoin’s 21 million limit is meaningless, because the real limit on cryptocurrency volume is the total of the limits of all cryptocurrencies, which is infinity.
There is no limit on cryptocurrency issuance. Blockchain cryptocurrencies are fiat, whereby anyone
can issue funny money, not just nation states. The only truly scarce goods on the planet that are suitable for use as money are precious metals. (Well, it’s possible there are others we’ve missed for centuries, or which HashCash itself will make usable, and innovative HashCash vaults might reveal them).
I thought about this, but realized that proof of reserves are meaningless in a HashCash
system. Nobody other than the vault knows the total value of its coins in circulation, so what would you compare the reserves against?
The really nice thing about a Bitcoin-based vault is that it’s easy to buy and sell HashCash
for Bitcoin. With precious metals the question is how to get the metals into and out of the vault.
You could use Bitcoin for the buy and sell parts, and the vault converts to metal for storage on
the back-end. That would work as long as Bitcoin holds value. Eventually exchangers and
ATMs could fill the role of providing the interface.
The other really great thing about a bitcoin-backed vault is that it could switch jurisdictions
with the click of a button, if needed. With a metal-backed vault, the metal wouldn’t be easy to move quickly, although a vault could keep it geographically dispersed to begin with.

@_date: 2017-06-21 21:31:30
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [ANNOUNCE] HashCash Digital Cash 
The vault keeps track of spent coins and prevents double spends.
I see. So that’s why web wallets that require trust in a third party are totally
unpopular? Coinbase, Blockchain, Xapo, et al? A HashCash vault requires much less trust than most web wallets as it doesn’t require ID, can’t track transactions, and can’t block the funds of targeted
users, or block specific transactions.
In the case of small transactions (coffee) and micropayments, do we really need to be so paranoid as to shun all trust, and keep hundreds of copies of
every tiny transaction around forever? Is that even workable at all?
And what about the billions of people who don’t have access to machines powerful enough to run a bitcoin wallet, or good Internet access. Should they just resign themselves to using worthless fiat paper?
And what about the day (not far off) when there are 10,000 blockchain currencies and the world finally wakes up to the fact that PoW hashes are
actually worth zilch?
The most long-lived major private e-cash system so far has been E-gold, which required trust in a third party and worked just fine. And it didn’t end because E-gold was untrustworthy. Let’s see if Bitcoin survives as long as E-gold did.

@_date: 2017-06-22 00:34:58
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [ANNOUNCE] HashCash Digital Cash 
Users have to trust the vault.
However, if they’re paranoid, they can minimize the amount of time they
keep their BTC with the vault, and this would really be the recommended
method to use HashCash (abbreviated [ from now) that’s backed by BTC.
You only keep as much in [ as you expect to need for immediate foreseeable
expenses, and you top it up as needed. Just about the same as how you
top up your physical wallet with paper cash at the ATM. The paper cash
in your wallet is vulnerable to muggers and pickpockets. Your cash in
a [ vault is vulnerable to vault failure.
If a vault does go rogue or die, you only lose the small amount of cash you had stored there. If you want to be really safe, you could further split that $500 or whatever across 10 or 20 different vaults in different jurisdictions. Now
your [ is pretty much safer than the fiat cash in your physical wallet.
[ backed by precious metals would be a different story, as [ from a
reputable precious metal backed vault would actually be an excellent
long-term store of value as well as great everyday money (assuming the crypto holds up to attack).
Additionally, a vault would counterfeit coins at its own peril. It doesn’t
even need to counterfeit them, it can just steal stored BTC directly, it
amounts to exactly the same thing. However if a vault does this, it risks
running out of BTC and being unable to process automated { > BTC exchanges, which would immediately cause all independent vault rating systems to turn its rating to junk, and that’d be the end of that vault’s business. So this would be something vaults that are in it for the long-term profits would never even dream of doing, any more than a centralized trusted third party package delivery service (such as FedEx) in a free market would risk its entire business to steal somebody’s Amazon package.
No, a user could choose to use as many vaults as (s)he likes. Like email
accounts. You can have 1 or 100, it’s up to you.
A vault can't block transactions, as it doesn’t see transactions, all it sees are coins to be verified/spent. All transactions happen out of sight of
the vault, when one user directly transfers coins to another. So the
vault can’t say "I’m going to block this donation to Wikileaks”.
A web wallet can do that. Nor can the vault say “I’m going to not pay this X user his Bitcoin” because it has no way to identify users. Any coin could be coming from a reputation rating bot rather than a real user. Vault can’t tell the difference between them. So to keep its reputation up it has to treat every request as if it came from a reputation rating bot.
A vault *could* theoretically block a BTC out transfer based on the destination
BTC address, but that’s really a problem with BTC. And vaults wouldn’t do it anyway because they’d still lose their reputation.
If a vault went offline that’s a problem of course. If it’s just a temporary
network problem users could use other vaults till the problem is resolved.
Their funds would still be safe. If it’s a deeper issue, the vault’s business is going to be toast, so vaults will probably do their best to prevent that. And, as above, users can protect themselves from this eventuality by splitting their [ holdings across many vaults.
Once there are 100 competing geographically dispersed well-reputed precious metal [ vaults in operation (and probably a lot earlier than that) I will happily pull all my money out of all banks (and BTC) and put 1% in each vault. There’s no way I’d ever do that with unbacked blockchain

@_date: 2017-06-22 13:11:07
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [ANNOUNCE] HashCash Digital Cash 
Yes, a vault could declare a date when it will be switching to new keys,
and ask all coin holders to exchange their old coins for new ones by a
certain date. That would enable the vault to clear out its spent coin DB.
It would also be a good idea to keep the old spent DB around, and offer the service of exchanging old coins for an extended period for a higher fee, thereby ensuring that people who, for whatever reason, weren’t able to exchange their coins in time don’t lose their funds.
As a vault doesn’t know its coin holders and has no way to contact them,
there probably needs to be a mechanism in the wallet to display messages
from the vault to users when they connect to it. A vault could also declare
key changes on its website, but it can’t be sure users will be visiting the
site on a regular basis.
Given that some users may not come to know of the key change if they
don’t visit the vault’s website and don’t use the vault for a long time, keeping the old spent DB around for these users would be a good idea.
Alternately, a vault could also use keys that have a pre-determined
expiry date, which is disclosed to users up front when the buy their coins.
That gets around the problem of there potentially being some users who
don’t know about the key change date.
A vault might also need to change keys if there’s a weakness found in
the code, which may require new keys after being fixed.

@_date: 2017-06-22 13:40:17
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [ANNOUNCE] HashCash Digital Cash 
Yes, unless he trusts you not to double spend, in which case he can just keep your coin and not even bother to exchange it with the vault. In this case the
payment is also completely fee-free.
Yes, when you Export coins, they get taken out of your wallet and put into an
exported coins table in the coin stash. In case they get lost in transit or
something you could get them back from the exported table.
There are ready to run executables on the website as well.
The required prereqs only include those needed for automated testing of the module by CPAN Testers. The other modules needed to run the wallet and/or vault are optional prereqs and don’t get installed by default when you run “cpan Crypt::HashCash”.
However if you install as below all the prereqs should get installed:
cpan[1]> o conf recommends_policy 1
cpan[2]> install Crypt::HashCash
Thanks for pointing this out. I will update the website with this info.

@_date: 2017-06-22 14:34:18
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [ANNOUNCE] HashCash Digital Cash 
I was just thinking about why I don’t often use BTC directly, normally preferring to use it via a Xapo account. Didn’t have to think long, and the answer makes a great illustration of the difference between BTC and [ from a user’s perspective. So, here goes:
Steps to send a BTC payment securely using a Trezor:
- Get Trezor out of safe storage, Woe be you if you don’t have it handy.   You can’t send your payment. Game over.
- Find a micro USB cable to use. Woe be you if you don’t have one handy.
  You can’t send your payment. Game over.
- Connect Trezor to desktop or laptop computer (mobile phone won’t do,   so, y’know, woe be you if you can’t afford a computer or don’t have it   handy).
- Get address from payee (let’s assume payee has BTC wallet already   or this list will not terminate).
- Input receiver's address
- Visit some site to figure out what a good fee rate is today - woe be you
  if you didn’t know to do that, or if you get it wrong and your tx gets   stuck for days in mempool, or if you pay way too much because you   got bad info or interpreted it wrong. Also, if the site and your wallet
  give you wildly different fee suggestions, spend more time thinking
  which one to go with.
- Enter the payment amount and the fee amount
- Click send
- Get wallet passphrase from offline password list
- Type in wallet passphrase
- Get Trezor pin from offline password list
- Click in Trezor pin on onscreen numeric keypad - woe be you if you
  accidentally type it in instead, you just gave it away to keyloggers
  I’m an infosec geek and I've done this
- Confirm payment on Trezor - woe be you if malware changed the
  address and you don't double check it on the Trezor
- Confirm fee on Trezor - woe be you if malware changed the fee
  and you don't check it on the Trezor. Also I'm not sure if there’s any
  defense at all against malware altering the change address, which
  Trezor doesn't show you.
- Unplug Trezor, return to safe storage.
- Wait an hour or more for tx to be confirmed
And that's if everything goes smoothly. Woe be you if you run into
compatibility issues with your Trezor because you upgraded your
wallet, or if you misplace the Trezor, passphrase, or PIN. Or if ransomware encrypts your wallet. I may also have missed a step or two as I’m recalling the process from memory.
Also, woe be you if BTC splits into two chains and you’re left
scratching your head trying to figure out WTF just happened and
which chain to go with. You never heard of coins splitting themselves
Also, woe be you if you sent a big payment and then BTC price
goes up 20%. You now waste more time thinking if maybe you should have used fiat for the payment and held on to your BTC for speculative bubble-riding like everyone else. (Yeah, you’ll have the last 2 problems with BTC-backed [ as well, but not with gold-backed [
Steps to send a [ payment securely with offline wallet:
- Click Export
- Enter payment amount
- Click OK
- Optionally enter a passphrase to encrypt the coins with, click OK
- Scan QR code from offline wallet using mobile phone camera
- Send coins by SMS, whatsapp, whatever
- Optionally, send coin passphrase to payee via different medium
- Enjoy a 20 minute break in the time you just saved yourself by   not sending the payment with BTC
Also the Trezor is only useful for payments, but your Raspberry Pi
based offline [ wallet device is also useful for secure, offline note,
password, and photo storage, Unsnoopable messaging, and as
a camera (and tons of other stuff), at a price similar to that of
a Trezor. It's useful enough to keep on you most of the time, along with your mobile phone, unlike a Trezor. Plus it also holds your coins and your wallet, so you don’t need those on another device where they could get locked up by ransomware. You don’t need a laptop or desktop computer at all. The only thing you need other than the offline wallet is any smartphone with a camera and any standard QR reader app. The
smartphone might be riddled with malware and it wouldn't matter. Coins are safe as long as they’re exported with encryption.
You really don’t even need to carry around the offline wallet device
if you prefer not to. You could just print out coins of various denominations and put those in your physical wallet like regular banknotes. When you want to make a payment, you pull out the appropriate denomination coins from your wallet, scan them into your phone and send by SMS or any other messaging system (or, in-person, just hand them to the payee).

@_date: 2017-06-22 16:46:05
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [ANNOUNCE] HashCash Digital Cash 
I think vaults might avoid all sorts of liability and regulatory risks if their
agreement with users is to sell them [ coins in exchange for whatever they
are storing with the vault, and to sell them equal value units back in exchange for [ coins (and the latter not being guaranteed, see below) rather than to take in deposits that continue to be owned by the user while in the vault (how would this even be possible, given that the user’s identity is unknown?).
I have no idea if that will really help in practice, but logically there certainly
is a significant distinction between selling [ coins and holding deposits for people. Also, since there are real risks associated with running a vault that could
manifest in ways that make it impossible for the vault to exchange its
coins back for base value units (e.g. signing key compromise), it would
be important for vaults to have an “out” in such eventualities which doesn’t
leave them liable to users for funds (with no way of ascertaining which
funds belong to whom).
So using a reputable vault would be kind of like backing a Kickstarter
campaign by someone with a good history of previous Kickstarter campaigns.
“Kickstarter is not a store”, and a “Vault is not a place to deposit your BTC”.
By backing a Kickstarter from a reputable creator you’re gifting money to their project, with a very high likelihood of getting the reward you selected, but no guarantee of that, and no way to hold the project originator liable if they don’t deliver. You trust the project creator to do their best to deliver your reward.
Project creators do their best because they value their reputation and long-term
By buying [ from a reputable vault, you’re actually buying their coins, with
a very high likelihood that you (or whoever you give them to) can exchange
them back later for new [ coins or for the base value units, but no guarantee
of that, and no way to hold the vault liable if they don’t deliver. You trust
the vault to do its best to exchange your [ as needed. Vaults do their best
because they value their reputation and long-term business.
This is why the buttons in the UI say “Buy” and “Sell”, and not “Deposit” and “Withdraw”. Also, this way all the buttons refer to [ coins (rather than “Deposit” and “Withdraw” referring to BTC, and “Import”, “Export” and “Exchange” referring to [ coins).
Yep, this would definitely be a good idea.

@_date: 2017-06-23 12:29:45
@_author: Ashish Gulhati 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [ANNOUNCE] HashCash Digital Cash 
Yes, to verify a coin hasn’t been double-spent, you need to exchange it for a new
coin with the vault.
It is cash-like in all ways except that one (in which it’s digital-cash-like). It still provides most benefits of cash (other than completely offline use):
- Permissionless
- Fungible
- Transaction privacy
- Instant, non-repudiable payments
- No ID requirement, anonymous
- No record of transactions (this is distinct from tx privacy)
- Ease of use
- Security (even for regular non-geek users)
- Direct P2P in-person payments by physical transfer of coins
- Scalable to planet / galaxy scale
[ also offers many benefits of digital cash that paper cash doesn’t:
- Free-market dynamics with competing vaults (also means options for users)
- Total privacy (paper banknotes have trackable individual serial numbers)
- More secure (coins can be encrypted)
- Can be sent globally, instantly, over any communications channel
- Zero volume, weightless (paper cash takes up space / has mass)
- Theft/water/fire/damage proof (coins can be copied for backup purposes)
- Not a biohazard vector
Completely offline use is also possible (between people who trust each other
to not double-spend coins). That actually covers a surprisingly large number
of use-cases. But the data transfer / time required to verify a coin is so low, unless
there’s a real issue with Internet access, there’s no reason not to verify coins immediately when they’re received.
If Internet access really is a problem, as in remote, disconnected communities
(and it’s true, this actually is the situation of billions of people) local vaults running on local networks are the solution. Coins could also be verified over SMS with SMS gateways to vaults. It’d also be easy to tie in local community [ systems with global systems: the local users use the local vaults, and the local vaults connect up to global vaults.
Now that’s the real Internet of money.
