
@_date: 2006-11-07 14:01:15
@_author: dave kleiman 
@_subject: Can you keep a secret? This encrypted drive can... 
-----Original Message-----
     From: Saqib Ali [mailto:docbook.xml at gmail.com]      Sent: Tuesday, November 07, 2006 08:16
     Hello Alexander,
     > My guess is that slow compilation is a result of access time
     > misconfiguration: if a filesystem has access time      enabled, then each      > time a file is read, the file system updates access time      on disk. A      > solution is to set noatime option on the filesystem used for      > compilation.
     This is a good info. Do you how this can be done on windows?
It is on page 43 and 44 of a class I did at the last CyberCrime Summit:
Additionally, I talk about using Log Parser to retrieve information from the
filesystem and log files without causing access updates

@_date: 2006-10-26 14:15:14
@_author: dave kleiman 
@_subject: Are laptop search & seizures increasing use of disk crypto? 
-----Original Message-----
    From: Udhay Shankar N     Sent: Thursday, October 26, 2006 01:00
    Like the subject says - I'm curious whether the current     regime of inspection and "forensic analysis" of laptops,     primarily in the US, has affected corporate policies     regarding disk crypto.
    Is there anybody studying this? Any resources available online?
Funny you should mention that, just saw this today:
"At U.S. Borders, Laptops Have No Right to Privacy"
We have be spending an increasing amount of time working with vendors of
both forensic tools and disc encryption technology, trying to find tips,
tricks, and techniques that can be used when warranted.
Dave Kleiman -

@_date: 2009-02-23 13:41:45
@_author: Dave Kleiman 
@_subject: Solving password problems one at a time, Re: The password-reset paradox 
The idea that people should not write their passwords is thus silly from the security viewpoint of assuring availability and also for another reason. Users cannot be trusted to follow instructions. So, if one's security depends on their users following instructions, then something is wrong from the start.
Most organizations I interact with have an SOP that nobody should ever know another's password. The only passwords that are safe stored are those for encryption or the top level admin. You take on a degree of legal responsibility if you have the ability to logon as another user. Since the admin can easily change a user's password, what would be the necessity for this risk? All password changes should be audited.
Dave Kleiman -  4371 Northlake Blvd Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410
561.310.8801

@_date: 2009-01-20 19:18:39
@_author: Dave Kleiman 
@_subject: [heise online UK] Secure deletion: a single overwrite will do it 
Note quite perfectly, and not nearly as fast as the built-in option (see below).
Yes the main areas you are referring to are known as the P-List (Primary Defects List ? manufacture defect info that does not change) G-List (Grown Defects Lists ? sector relocation table). You can only access the P-List with special commands and tools. However, you can wipe the G-List are if you do it outside of an OS (or a tool that can access the system area), since the OS knows nothing of these sectors. The easiest (possible the best because of speed) way to accomplish this in modern ATA hard drives (2001 forward) is with the built-in Secure Erase program. Conveniently placed there for us by Recording Research (CMRR) headed by Gordon Hughes, Associate Director of CMRR, USSD on the Secure Erase Initiative.
""At the ANSI T-13 Committee meeting in 2004, Gordon described the differences between block erase as described in government document DoD2550 and Secure Erase. Unlike block level erase Secure Erase also overwrites reassigned blocks and can be up to eight times faster (per CMRR tests).
In addition the enhanced SE command qualifies for Federal Government secret data classification erasure."" You can download a DOS-based utility HDDerase that securely erases all data on ATA hard disk drives via the internal secure erase command. And yes, I am the same Dave Kleiman from the paper.

@_date: 2010-03-25 07:05:26
@_author: Dave Kleiman 
@_subject: New Research Suggests That Governments May Fake SSL Certificates 
March 24th, 2010 New Research Suggests That Governments May Fake SSL Certificates
Technical Analysis by Seth Schoen ""Today two computer security researchers, Christopher Soghoian and Sid Stamm, released a draft of a forthcoming research paper in which theypresent evidence that certificate authorities (CAs) may be cooperating with government agencies to help them spy undetected on "secure" encrypted communications. (EFF sometimes advises Soghoian on responsible disclosure issues, including for this paper.) More details and reporting are available at Wired today. The draft paper includes marketing materials from Packet Forensics, an Arizona company, which suggests that government "users have the ability to import a copy of any legitimate keys they obtain (potentially by court order)" into Packet Forensics products in order to impersonate sites and trick users into "a false sense of security afforded by web, e-mail, or VoIP encryption". This would allow those governments to routinely bypass encryption without breaking it."".
""Soghoian and Stamm also observe that browsers trust huge numbers of CAs ? and all of those organizations are trusted completely, so that the validity of any entity they approve is accepted without question.  Every organization on a browser's trusted list has the power to certify sites all around the world. Existing browsers do not consider whether a certificate was signed by a different CA than before; a laptop that has seen Gmail's site certified by a subsidiary of U.S.-based VeriSign thousands of times would raise no alarm if Gmail suddenly appeared to present a different key apparently certified by an authority in Poland, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, or Brazil. Yet such a change would be an indication that the user's encrypted HTTP traffic was being intercepted.""
Paper: Dave Kleiman -  -  4371 Northlake Blvd Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410
561.310.8801
