
@_date: 2003-03-24 15:19:37
@_author: dave 
@_subject: Cryptoprocessors compliant with FIPS 140-2 
There are only about 310 fips-140-1/2 total validation certificates since
1995. Since the FIPS-140-2 was not signed in until mid-2001 there where very few
in 2002 - see the 2 links below.
Dave Kleiman
dave at netmedic.net
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at wasabisystems.com] On Behalf Of Damien O'Rourke
Sent: Friday, March 21, 2003 11:14
I was wondering if anyone could list a number of cryptographic processors
that are compliant with the Federal information processing standard (FIPS)
140-2 "Security Requirements for cryptographic modules".  I know that the
IBM-4758 was compliant with FIPS 140-1 up to level 4 but I don't think
it has been tested under the newer version of the standard (correct me if
wrong).  Specifically I am wondering about section 4.11 on page 39 entitled
"Mitigation of Other Attacks" which discusses, power analysis, timing
TEMPEST and fault induction.
If you could tell me what level they have been certified to and where I
find some more information on them that would be great.  In fact, any
information would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks for your time.
Best Regards,

@_date: 2003-03-31 20:42:38
@_author: dave 
@_subject: Russia Intercepts US Military Communications? 
Well I am sure most of you would be amazed and/or flabbergasted with how the
"crypto" keys are handed out for the different avionics/communication
devices on a daily basis. You will know if you forgot one of them like when
you pass over a hawk missile sight at the edge of base, and they lock on and
start tracking you.  Notice I said "daily" basis.  Might give a hint to how
they "ran out".
Dave Kleiman
dave at netmedic.net
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at wasabisystems.com] On Behalf Of Peter Wayner
Sent: Monday, March 31, 2003 13:18
I showed this link to a friend who fixes helicopters for the Army/Marines. He was incredulous at first, but then said, "Oh, they probably just turned off the crypto. There's a switch to do that. Sometimes you have to do that if things screw up."
He went on to talk about "crypto" as if it was something like fuel or food. He said, "They probably loaded up 4 or 5 days of crypto at the beginning, but then they had to turn it off after the supply lines got muddled."
So this would be consistent with some key management structures but not with others. If you give a unit a good random number source and diffie-hellman, they should be able to go the entire war without running out of "crypto." But I don't know if the US military embraces the kind of hierarchy-free key management imagined by cypherpunks.
Of course, many of the details from the Russian could be gathered from raw traffic analysis. It's easy to count messages and triangulate to figure out where US troops are massing. It's also easy to tell that an absence of messages from the interior of the city means that the US troops haven't entered yet. The crypto may cloak the details of the messages, but those details may not be too important. (I wouldn't be surprised if they carried some news of the NCAA basketball tournament, for instance.)

@_date: 2003-03-31 21:09:18
@_author: dave 
@_subject: Run a remailer, go to jail? 
"to conceal or to assist another to conceal from any communication service provider, or from any lawful authority, the existence or place of """origin""" or """destination"""" of any communication.
I agree with Peter.  Now what are they going to with all that Postal mail
without return addresses?  Who is liable if you receive it? The Post Office?
Will FedEx now require an ID before sending packages?  Little electronic
"ATM" like card readers for your ID card at the drop boxes and US mail
If you send it electronically through your ISP and they let it get by, are
they now liable if the receiver of the e-mail reports it.  They did "assist
another to conceal". Did they not?
If you live in Mass but your ISP is in NY does the law apply?
I am thinking if this is one of those laws passes because of ignorant voters
and politicians.
It will:
A) Make a lot of attorneys rich.
B) Get torn apart by case law, after making said attorneys rich.
But that is just my opinion :)
Dave Kleiman
dave at netmedic.net
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at wasabisystems.com] On Behalf Of Trei, Peter
Sent: Friday, March 28, 2003 23:55
To heck with remailers, anonymizing proxies, etal. As I read this,
the USPO is liable if it accepts a letter without a correct return
Peter Trei
