
@_date: 2001-12-04 16:25:27
@_author: despot 
@_subject: AES 
FIPS 197 has been signed.
AES page on NIST web site:
FIPS 197:

@_date: 2002-08-17 19:18:36
@_author: despot@crosswinds.net 
@_subject: CCM Mode 
While this merging is alluded to in the OCB paper and elsewhere, I still found the idea of the CCM mode interesting. It is taking two separate modes and merging them into one. It is performing authentication (CBC-MAC) then encryption (CTR), and, while I have not seen the details of the security of this scheme, I imagine it is somewhat focused on the notions outlined in the Krawczyk papers last year.
I think this "expansion" of modes is a beneficial move. Instead of allowing protocol designers to attempt to figure out the proper ways to merge authentication and encryption modes, modes are being designed that cover the proper use of both. This is a good thing.
Of course, I am not ignoring modes like OCB that use "blended constructs" to perform both encryption and authentication. Such modes can achieve the benefits of "merged modes" with potentially more efficiency.

@_date: 2002-08-22 13:38:43
@_author: despot 
@_subject: Mixes and CCA 
Just noticed this...
A paper by Moller has been posted to eprint
( In this paper, a mix encryption
scheme (Chaum's mixes) is presented, an CCA is described for schemes of
this form, and the presented mix is shown to be provably secure under
these notions.
I have not heard much about mixes in recent times (been there, done
that?). It was around two years ago that robust and practical mix nets
were discussed. There was Molnar's paper about reputation about a year
ago. Jakobsson discussed a voting scheme in a paper earlier this year.

@_date: 2002-09-04 21:34:56
@_author: despot@crosswinds.net 
@_subject: FIPS 180-2 and comments 
FIPS 180-2 has been approved. This revision to the standard adds the 256, 384, and 512 bit output hash algorithms. Included in the announcement was a section of comments on the standard and responses by NIST to the comments.
Of note...
The comments received on the standard are available on the NIST Computer Security Research Center (CSRC) web site ( in a pdf ( That document contains the message by John Kelsey that discusses the "perceived" weakness being referred to in this comment.
The hash algorithms will not be tweaked to prevent this property. Besides being addressed in FIPS (and potentially other) standards that build upon these hash algorithms, guidance may be issued and it will then be left in the hands of implementers and standards developers. (I guess I am still struck by how RC4 was used in WEP.)
Is there any new (within 6 months) research on SHA-1, SHA-256, SHA-384, and/or SHA-512? Strengths, weaknesses, etc.? Pointers would be appreciated.
