
@_date: 2005-08-03 08:06:38
@_author: Daniel F. Fisher 
@_subject: Last WWII Comanche "code talker" dies in Oklahoma 
Andreas Hasenack> Wasn't that "navajo" instead?
I wondered about that myself. With some googling, I have found that
native american code talkers were used from a number of tribes (Navajo,
Comanche, Choctaw). Code talkers were also used in WW I. Here are some

@_date: 2005-12-23 10:16:07
@_author: Daniel F. Fisher 
@_subject: A small editorial about recent events. 
Bush didn't say it always requires a court order to wiretap. He said, "any time you hear . . .  a wiretap requires at court order". So, when don't hear the government talking about a wiretap, the wiretap doesn't require a court order. And he used the present tense. So, he didn't mean ". . . any time you hear . . . required a court order. And if you think these "by the way" words weren't carefully chosen, see the care with which Bush clarified the antecedent of "it", so his listeners would not be left with the impression that it requires a court order to hear the US Government talk about a wiretap.
When you take Bush at his word (every carefully chosen word) its easy to see how little he cares for things like civil liberties and the rule of law.

@_date: 2006-12-09 14:26:27
@_author: Daniel F. Fisher 
@_subject: cellphones as room bugs 
Ian Farquhar (ifarquha) wrote> The other problem for this technique is battery life.
Suppose this worked by recording from mic to memory and then transmitting later. This leads to a bunch of questions:
By what factor could transmission time/power be reduced sending such a recording later? How many minutes could a typical phone buffer? How much does a typical conversation compress? Are such algorithms within the power of a typical phone's processor? How much power is used in recording to memory and compressing? Can transmission power requirements be reduced by transmitting when transmission power requirements are low? Can they be reduced often enough to make it worthwhile optimizing in this way?

@_date: 2006-05-13 02:58:18
@_author: Daniel F. Fisher 
@_subject: NSA knows who you've called. 
See also Title 18 section 2703(c)(2):
"(2) A provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service shall disclose to a governmental entity the - (A) name; (B) address; (C) local and long distance telephone connection records, or records of session times and durations; (D) length of service (including start date) and types of service utilized; (E) telephone or instrument number or other subscriber number or identity, including any temporarily assigned network address; and (F) means and source of payment for such service (including any credit card or bank account number), of a subscriber to or customer of such service when the governmental entity uses an administrative subpoena authorized by a Federal or State statute or a Federal or State grand jury or trial subpoena or any means available under paragraph (1). "
(at  This paragraph specifically gives the requirements for disclosure of local and long distance telephone connection records, which were plainly not met.
