
@_date: 2002-03-25 14:10:57
@_author: David G.W. Birch 
@_subject: Digital Money Forum update 
Dear All,
The fifth annual Digital Money Forum will be held at the Crowne Plaza Hotel
St. James in London on April 10th and 11th 2002. Once again, we aim to
provide an informal and educational space to discuss the intersection of
business and technology in this interesting field. A central theme of this
year's discussions will the rise in non-bank interest, with special
reference to mobile communications, interactive digital television and mass
transit operators. Will organisations like these who really want digital
money take over from retail banks in providing it?
The event is sponsored by RSA Security and DataCard with support from
NCipher, American Express and Transys (the consortium that will be running
London Transport's contactless smart card scheme) in association with The
Henley Centre.
There will be keynote addresses from Charles Cohen (the former CEO of Beenz)
and Bernard Lietaer (the author of "The Future of Money") and an invited
address from Edward Davey, member of Parliament and the Liberal Democrat
spokesman on Treasury Affairs.
Presenters include Garen Staglin (EOne), Cyprien Goddard (iPin), Chad Wollen
(The Henley Centre), Jack Selby (Paypal), James Turk (Goldmoney), Jon Clark
(Transys), Brendan Jones (DataCard), Dominic Storey (RSA Security), Richard
Cass (Sky Interactive), Tribh Grewal (Visa), David Boyle (author of "Funny
Money"), Thaer Sabri (Electronic Money Association).
In the mobile area, there will be case studies presented by two of the
world's largest and most innovative operators: Vodafone and Orange.
Dominic Peachey of the Financial Service Authority (the relevant UK
regulator) will talk about the UK's imminent implementation of the European
Commission's directive on Electronic Money.
As is traditional, the first day will end with champagne round tables to
discuss some of the key issues.
There are a few places left (the numbers are being limited this year in
order to keep the atmosphere that is much appreciated by the speakers and
delegates alike) so to reserve a place (which, thanks to the generosity of
the sponsors is only 595 pounds sterling excluding VAT) vist
 or contact Gloria Benson
Look forward to seeing you in London in April.
Dave Birch.

@_date: 2002-10-04 20:22:59
@_author: David G.W. Birch 
@_subject: The 3rd Annual Consult Hyperion Digital Identity Forum 
On 4/10/02 1:13 am, someone e-said:
I didn't mess it up: I f*cked it up by not paying attention to a
copy-and-paste from something else.
Next time, I really will leave it to the PR guys.
Best regards,
Dave Birch.
