
@_date: 2003-09-08 22:10:08
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Code breakers crack GSM cellphone encryption 
NSA's satellite and embassy based cellphone interception capability is
primarily targeted against - US - GSM calls ?   Or that they can
routinely get warrants to listen in using the wired tapping
infrastructure in say Russia or France or Iran ?
the Mossad or GCHQ or other allied spy agencies the right to ask for and
use CALEA wiretaps within the US on targets of interest only to THEM who
might well be law abiding US citizens minding their own business (at
least more or less) and not subject to legal US wiretaps ?
mostly done with CALEA gear (and should be to ensure they aren't done
when not authorized by a suitable warrant), but national security and
intelligence wiretaps are a completely different kettle of fish,
particularly overseas.
military wiretaps on GSM systems under battlefield conditions when
soldiers lives may depend on determining what the enemy is saying over
cellphones used to direct attacks against friendly forces.

@_date: 2004-10-24 00:58:56
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Are new passports [an] identity-theft risk? 
RF or magnetic field powered RFIDs transmit maybe 128 bits of payload,
not thousands and thousands of bits which would be enough to include
addresses, names, useful biometric data and so forth ?
tracking) a 128 bit unique serial number is enough - are the passport
and drivers license (soon apparently to be the same thing here in the
USA at least in respect to an internal passport required for travel on
public transportation) applications of RFID actually intended to allow
reading tens of kilobytes of data or just a unique serial that can be
used as a key in an on line database system ?
say 10 or 100 kb of data error free (enough for reasonable info about
someone and some biometric measurements) is quite different from
repeating  128 bits over and over and over until the reader succeeds in
making the FEC and checksums work for a couple of reads out of thousands
of repetitions of the 128 bits.   Detecting a weak repeated short
pattern in noise is much easier than reading thousands of bits with few
or no errors (few enough to be corrected by a reasonable rate FEC).
a variety of rather sinister ways, they aren't equivalent to dumping the
names, addresses, weight, height, birth date, social security number and
biometric signatures of someone in the clear.   And obviously are
much less useful to an unsophisticated thief without access to the
database mapping the serial number to useful information.
of useful data get dumped, it would be encrypted under carefully
controlled keys at least for passport and similar applications.  Granted that very sophisticated attackers might obtain some of these
keys, but the average thief presumably would not have access to them.
passports/driver licenses ("your papers please") COULD be equipped with
some kind of press to read switch the would require active finger pressure on the card to activate the RFID transmitter - this would
leave them disabled and incapable of transmitting the ID when sitting in
someone's wallet or purse.  Aside from very sinister covert reading
applications I cannot think of any reason why a RFID equipped identity
card would need to be readable without the active cooperation and
awareness of the person carrying the card, thus such a safeing mechanism
would not be a real burden except to those with sinister covert agendas.
become very popular...

@_date: 2006-12-23 00:09:58
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: gang uses crypto to hide identity theft databases 
a case of key zeroization rather than suddenly encrypting otherwise
in-the-clear databases.
one single copy of the key(s) required to decrypt it and make provision
for some kind of dead man switch that zeroizes the key store when pushed.   Shutting off the power leaves almost all of the data intact
and unaltered, but without the keys it is just random bits.
a very standard feature of US government crypto gear and installations.
The idea is that one zeros the key if one is expecting to be captured
(or crash or sink) and then all the remaining data in non volatile storage is useless to your adversary if he is able to recover the
media and attempt to read it.

@_date: 2007-01-16 23:41:22
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: It's a Presidential Mandate, Feds use it. How come you are not using FDE? 
access to the disk hardware - either by theft or (worse) by stealth (eg
black bag jobs, or insider access at night or on weekends).
contains valuable data... most of the time this necessarily involves
either powering it down or disconnecting it in a way that can be readily
detected by drive and host interface firmware.   If this results in
zeroization of the working key in the drive requiring some kind of
re-authentication of host to drive and drive to host and then reload of
key before the data can be read it at least becomes significantly harder
to steal data by just unplugging the drive  and either walking out the
door with it in your briefcase or plugging it into another system for an
image copy before returning it to its normal home.
aren't encrypted this is pretty low hanging fruit.  Relatively unskilled
attackers can easily capture very valuable material if they can gain
physical access for only a few minutes.
tornadoes, building collapses and the like - can result in massive
exposure of confidential data amidst the ruins whereas if the disks in
desktops and servers were encrypted capture of - or covert access to - the
drives in the chaos surrounded a crisis is much less useful to an
to somehow unplug drives from live machines without the key zeroization
happening and presumably without the host noticing and raising an alarm
and logging the event, but given the mechanical design of modern high
end desktop and server boxes with a common connector for power and
signals for the current generation of SATA drives this is at the very
least significantly more challenging to do without getting noticed or
caught than just causing a fake power fail and removing the disks.   And
it can be made harder by appropriate modest hardware, firmware and system
tweaks too.
forgets when the power is off can be quite safely shipped or stored or
even decommissioned and destroyed without much danger of disclosure of
confidential data contained therein.   This is far more useful in
practice than it might in first seem as it reduces costs and risks a lot
in many common situations where drives and even entire machines need to
be moved, stored, sold, scrapped and shipped around in untrusted hands.
depowered, not always the case with modern hardware) can be assumed to
be in a fairly secure state (presuming the key reload on power up
requires some external intervention) whereas a traditional in-the-clear
disks server or desktop that contains highly sensitive information is in
face MORE vulnerable when powered down in that its  disks can be
removed, image copied, and returned to the system without much of
anything being the wiser.   A powered up machine is much more likely to
at least log anomalous events that can be detected if not suspiciously
crash altogether when its disks are removed or disconnected.   This
paradoxically makes the systems in a typical office more vulnerable
exactly when they are least well monitored and protected - nights and
weekends and other off hours.
something meaningful against this kind of threat, though obviously the most
sophisticated and careful attacks can defeat it.   But defeating the less
elaborate attacks at least removes an AWFUL lot of low hanging fruit and
in doing so materially increases overall security.   There are far fewer
really sophisticated attackers than common (and often pretty stupid) petty
criminals near computers, after all.

@_date: 2007-07-22 00:29:47
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: How the Greek cellphone network was tapped. 
microphones,  and other similar devices with essentially no purpose
other than intercepting conversations. These devices are usually called
"Title III" devices and are indeed illegal as defined above except in
the hands of law enforcement and the like. Private use and even
possession is forbidden. trafficking in, and importing "bugs" and similar intercept hardware -
mostly of "Spy Shop" operators who import this stuff from abroad and
sell it to sleazy private investigators and divorcing spouses.
passed and was extended with the passage of the 1986 ECPA to cover
"wire, oral, or electronic communications".  It is not new and did not
result from the Newt Gingrich intercept or other more recent incidents.
to ordinary radio receivers or other hardware which has general purpose
uses. Scanners and other radio receivers sold to the general public are
regulated by the FCC under authority created in 1993, and FCC rules were
substantially toughened around 1999 to require scanners not be readily
modifiable to tune analog cellular frequencies and meet certain design
criteria intended to make this harder and make it harder to hear
cellular calls on image frequencies. These rules also make it illegal to
modify scanners to tune cellular calls.
possession of scanners or radio receivers built before the ban on
cellular reception went into effect is illegal, and many tens of
thousands if not hundreds of thousands of such radios are in circulation
(and sold regularly on eBay).
sale or possession of radio equipment and software to intercept
commercial common carrier pager transmissions under Title III.   There
is at least one precedent that defines such software as a Title III
enable intercept of any other  signal that is not legal to listen to
might also be declared a Title III device, though I am unaware of this
having happened as of yet.
the FCC has declined to regulate test equipment - including test
equipment that can tune and demodulate digital cellular and other
forbidden RF signals - provided it is not marketed to the general
public.   It is not illegal to possess or sell, import or export,
manufacture or modify such gear though of course it is illegal to
actually use such gear to intercept signals not included in the list of
allowed to listen to signals in section 119 of Title III.
difficult problems - since many many common real world RF tests require
DC to daylight  coverage without gaps to spot spurious signals, mixing
products, noise, interference etc... and crippled test equipment COULD
not do this job.

@_date: 2013-08-31 00:22:43
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA and cryptanalysis 
in any way related to Snowden himself (who is presumably very completely controlled and monitored by the Russians at the moment) ?
expropriated some roughly 20,000 complete NSA documents... and has
turned some of them - mostly complete and unedited - over to his
journalist collaborators who have in turn turned some of those over to
their larger news organizations - where the editors have figured out
what parts of them to publish under great pressure from various spooks
and high officials NOT to publish certain information.
bowdlerized under very great government pressure from various
governments, and it seems very likely MOST if not all of this pressure
was aimed at the editorial and management level of news organizations,
not Snowden himself (who is beyond their reach obviously, but also not
in a position to control much about what is published).
the media organizations involved really wants to take responsibility for
leaking something that actually destroys a major US intelligence edge...
and what was left out "to protect legitimate US intelligence secrets" or
"technical methods" is anyone's guess at the moment.
out of the media organizations to the extent that it has passed outside
of a very very small circle of people there.
organizations know enough about the technological implications of what
they are reading to understand what its long term significance is.  A
cryptanalytic "breakthrough" might be huge and fundamental and
invalidate a lot of currently deployed cryptography, or just a new and
very effective attack on some aspect of a commonly used security
protocol that can be easily patched once it is known.

@_date: 2014-08-16 17:51:28
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Question About Best Practices for 
if there is a backdoor password to Filevault2 it is quite likely that
Apple would not choose to disclose that fact to just some random user
who had lost files due to forgotten passwords.
breakable and presumably bear the burden of having every law enforcement
agency, divorce attorney, corporate trial lawyer and government
intelligence operation around the world - along with  millions of users
with various grades of good and bad stories about why they need Apple to
break into Filevault2 partitions demanding help (often for much less
than it costs Apple to provide it and handle the legal costs to validate
the reasons for and authority of the requester to break in) that they
would not wish to share the fact that there is a deliberate backdoor
mechanism to break in or even a known bug that would allow it.
announced backdoor could ever be kept secret and reserved for Apple
alone as it would become an instant target for every hacker and spy and
corporate espionage type to reverse engineer... or steal from inside
national security along with blackmail type arm twisting from certain
governments, I'd not be sure they would not provide help or have not
been forced to design things so they can.   Only a few folks at Apple
probably know the real truth about this... one way or the other.

@_date: 2014-12-15 16:55:36
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: [Cryptography] GHCQ Penetration of Belgacom 
NSA TAO folks (and probably their major contractors) don't have  access
to more or less complete Windows source code and probably much of the
internal documentation for it ?   I would assume this would be under a
perfectly legal (if perhaps secret) agreement with Microsoft - but it
would seem awfully likely that if they really needed it they could
simply use their well developed dark arts to find a copy out there
somewhere not so well protected and purloin it ...  after all they have
tapped inter data center pipes for those companies and one presumes that
finding copies of this sort of stuff when you have THAT kind of access
isn't hard.
to efficiently do their job (even the just relatively neglected
defensive side of it) and giving them read only access is probably not inappropriate at least if you accept the value or necessity of
NSA/CQHQ's existence at all...
