
@_date: 2003-12-19 10:34:35
@_author: David Martin 
@_subject: CFP: PET 2004 -- Workshop on Privacy Enhancing Technologies 
Workshop on Privacy Enhancing Technologies
Toronto, Canada      26 - 28 May  2004
C A L L   F O R   P A P E R S
Paper submission deadline: 26 January 2004
Notification of acceptance: 5 April 2004
Camera-ready copy for preproceedings: 3 May 2004
Camera-ready copy for proceedings: 28 June 2004
Privacy and anonymity are increasingly important in the online world.
Corporations and governments are starting to realize their power to
track users and their behavior, and restrict the ability to publish or
retrieve documents. Approaches to protecting individuals, groups, and
even companies and governments from such profiling and censorship have
included decentralization, encryption, and distributed trust.
Building on the success of the previous workshops (held in Berkeley in
July 2000, San Francisco in April 2002, and Dresden in March 2003), this
workshop addresses the design and realization of such privacy and
anti-censorship services for the Internet and other communication
networks. These workshops bring together anonymity and privacy experts
from around the world to discuss recent advances and new perspectives.
The workshop seeks submissions from academia and industry presenting
novel research on all theoretical and practical aspects of privacy
technologies, as well as experimental studies of fielded systems. We
encourage submissions from other communities such as law and business
that present their perspectives on technological issues. As in past
years, we will publish proceedings after the workshop in the Springer
Lecture Notes in Computer Science series (or similar).
This year's workshop immediately follows the 6th Information Hiding
Workshop, also hosted at the University of Toronto.
Suggested topics include but are not restricted to:
* Efficient (technically or economically) realization of privacy services
* Techniques for censorship resistance
* Anonymous communication systems (theory or practice)
* Location privacy
* Anonymous publishing systems (theory or practice)
* Attacks on anonymity systems (e.g., traffic analysis)
* New concepts in anonymity systems
* Protocols that preserve anonymity/privacy
* Models for anonymity and unobservability
* Models for threats to privacy
* Novel relations of payment mechanisms and anonymity
* Privacy-preserving/protecting access control
* Privacy-enhanced data authentication/certification
* Profiling, data mining, and data protection technologies
* Reliability, robustness, and attack resistance in privacy systems
* Providing/funding privacy infrastructures (e.g., volunteer versus
* Pseudonyms, identity, linkability, and reputation
* Privacy and anonymity in peer-to-peer architectures
* Usability issues and user interfaces for PETs
* Policy, law, and human rights -- anonymous systems in practice
* Incentive-compatible solutions to privacy protection
* Economics of privacy systems
* Fielded systems and techniques for enhancing privacy in existing systems
General Chair:
Richard Owens (richard.owens at utoronto.ca), University of Toronto, CA
Program Chairs:
David Martin (dm at cs.uml.edu), University of Massachusetts at Lowell, USA
Andrei Serjantov (Andrei.Serjantov at cl.cam.ac.uk), University of
Cambridge, UK
Program Committee:
Alessandro Acquisti, Heinz School, Carnegie Mellon University, USA
Caspar Bowden, Microsoft EMEA, England
Jean Camp, Kennedy School, Harvard University, USA
Richard Clayton, University of Cambridge, England
Lorrie Cranor, AT&T Labs - Research, USA
George Danezis, University of Cambridge, England
Roger Dingledine, The Free Haven Project, USA
Hannes Federrath, Universit?t Regensburg, Germany
Ian Goldberg, Zero Knowledge Systems, Canada
Philippe Golle, Stanford University, USA
Marit Hansen, Independent Centre for Privacy Protection
Schleswig-Holstein, Germany
Markus Jakobsson, RSA Laboratories, USA
Dogan Kesdogan, Rheinisch-Westf?lische Technische Hochschule Aachen, Germany
Brian Levine, University of Massachusetts at Amherst, USA
David Martin, University of Massachusetts at Lowell, USA (program co-chair)
Andreas Pfitzmann, Dresden University of Technology, Germany
Matthias Schunter, IBM Zurich Research Lab, Switzerland
Andrei Serjantov, University of Cambridge, England (program co-chair)
Adam Shostack, Informed Security Inc., Canada
Paul Syverson, Naval Research Lab, USA
Submitted papers must not substantially overlap with papers that have
been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a
conference with proceedings.
Papers should be at most 15 pages excluding the bibliography and
well-marked appendices (using 11-point font and reasonable margins), and
at most 20 pages total. Submission of shorter papers (from around 4
pages) is strongly encouraged whenever appropriate. Please check the
final Call For Papers on the Workshop's Web site
( for other formatting requirements and
up-to-date information.
Committee members are not required to read the appendices and the paper
should be intelligible without them. The paper should start with the
title, names of authors and an abstract. The introduction should give
some background and summarize the contributions of the paper at a level
appropriate for a non-specialist reader. During the workshop
preproceedings will be made available. Final versions are not due until
after the workshop, giving the authors the opportunity to revise their
papers based on discussions during the meeting.
Submissions can be made in Postscript or PDF format. To submit a paper,
send a plain ASCII text email to the program chairs
(pet2004-submissions at petworkshop.org) containing the title and abstract
of the paper, the authors' names, email and postal addresses, phone and
fax numbers, and identification of the contact author. To the same
message, attach your submission (as a MIME attachment). Papers must be
received by 26 January 2004. If you do not receive a confirmation within
a day or two, your submission was not received. Notification of
acceptance or rejection will be sent to authors no later than 5 April
2004 and authors will have the opportunity to revise for the
preproceedings version by May 3, 2004. Submission implies that, if
accepted, the author(s) agree to publish in the proceedings and to sign
a standard copyright release, and also that an author of the paper will
present it at the workshop.
We also invite proposals of up to 2 pages for panel discussions or other
relevant presentations. In your proposal, (1) describe the nature of the
presentation and why it is appropriate to the workshop, (2) suggest a
duration for the presentation (ideally between 45 and 90 minutes), (3)
give brief descriptions of the presenters, and (4) indicate which
presenters have confirmed their availability for the presentation if it
is scheduled. The program committee will consider presentation proposals
along with other workshop events, and will respond by the paper decision
date with individual reviewer comments and an indication of its interest
in scheduling the event. The proceedings will contain abstracts of the
presentations that take place at the workshop.

@_date: 2004-04-12 18:52:32
@_author: David Martin 
@_subject: PET Registration Now Open -- Workshop on Privacy Enhancing Technologies 
Workshop on Privacy Enhancing Technologies   26 - 28 May 2004
Radisson Plaza Hotel Admiral
Toronto, Canada
C A L L   F O R   A T T E N D A N C E
Come join us at the waterfront in Toronto for three stimulating days
of paper presentations, panel discussions, hallway discussions, and
social activities.  See the Web page  for
registration details.  This workshop immediately follows the 6th
Information Hiding Workshop, held at the same site.
A stipend pool is also available to assist some of those with limited
financial resources.  The deadline for stipend applications is coming
up quickly -- April 16, 2004.  Non-authors may apply also.  Again, see
the Web page for details.
The 2004 Award for Outstanding Research in Privacy Enhancing
Technologies will also be presented during the workshop.
The papers and panels to be presented include:
"An Improved Construction for Universal Re-encryption"
Peter Fairbrother
"Anonymity and Covert Channels in Simple Timed Mix-firewalls"
Richard E. Newman, Vipan R Nalla, Ira S. Moskowitz
"FLASCHE: a Mechanism Providing Anonymity for Mobile Users"
Alf Zugenmaier
"Protecting User Data in Ubiquitous Computing: Towards Trustworthy
Yitao Duan
"Reputable Mix Networks"
Philippe Golle
"Measuring Anonymity in a Passive, Real-time System"
Gergely Toth, Zoltan Hornak
"Privacy-Preserving Trust Negotiation"
Elisa Bertino, Elena Ferrari, Anna C. Squicciarini
"Secure Outsourcing of Sequence Comparisons"
Mikhail J. Atallah, Jiangtao Li
"The Traffic Analysis of Continuous-Time Mixes"
George Danezis
"Searching for Privacy: Design and Implementation of a P3P-Enabled
Search Engine"
Lorrie Cranor, Patrick McDaniel, Simon Byers, David Kormann
"On the Anonymity of Banknotes"
Dennis K?gler
"Mix Cascades vs. Peer-to-Peer: Is One Concept Superior?"
Panel proposal submitted by Stefan K?psell
"Electromagnetic Eavesdropping Risks of Flat-Panel Displays"
Markus G. Kuhn
"Privacy Systems"
Carl A. Gunter, Michael May, Stuart Stubblebine
"Practical Traffic Analysis: Extending and Resisting Statistical
Nick Mathewson, Roger Dingledine
"On Flow Correlation Attacks and Countermeasures in Mix Networks"
Ye Zhu, Xinwen Fu, Bryan Graham, Riccardo Bettati, Wei Zhao
"Synchronous Batching: From Cascades to Free Routes"
Roger Dingledine, Vitaly Shmatikov, Paul Syverson
"Cryptographically Protected Prefixes for Location Privacy in IPv6"
Jonathan Trostle, Bretmoor Way, Hosei Matsuoka, Mukarram Muhammed Bin
Tariq, James Kempf, Toshiro Kawahara, Ravi Jain
"Contextualized Communication of Privacy Practices and Personalization
Benefits: Impacts on Users' Data Sharing Behavior"
Alfred Kobsa, Maximilian Teltzrow
"Language-Based Enforcement of Privacy Policies"
Katia Hayati, Martin Abadi
Hope to see some of you there!
