
@_date: 2001-06-14 16:34:32
@_author: Eric Blossom 
@_subject: Starium (was Re: article: german secure phone) 
There is an commitment phase prior to sending g^x, g^y.  SHA-1 hashes
of g^x, g^y are exchanged.  The hash displayed is 6 hex digits, and is
derived from the publicly exchanged info, not the key itself.

@_date: 2003-06-03 13:25:50
@_author: Eric Blossom 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
Yes, I believe there is a need.
In my view, there are two factors in the way of wide spread adoption:
cost and ease of use.
Having spent many years messing with these things, I've come to the
conclusion that what I personally want is a cell phone that implements
good end-to-end crypto.  This way, I've always got my secure
communication device with me, there's no "bag on the side", and it can
be made almost completely transparent.
Agreed.  Given a suitably powerful enough Java or whatever equipped
cell phone / pda and an API that provides access to a data pipe and
the speaker and mic, you can do this without any cooperation from the
folks in the middle.  I think that this platform will be common within
a couple of years.  The Xscale / StrongARM platform certainly has
enough mips to handle both the vocoding and the crypto.
Also on the horizon are advances in software radio that will enable
the creation of ad hoc self organizing networks with no centralized
control.  There is a diverse collection of people supporting this
revolution in wireless communications.  They range from technologists,
to economists, lawyers, and policy wonks.  For background on spectrum
policy issues see  or Free software for building software radios can be found at the GNU Radio web site

@_date: 2003-06-03 15:50:37
@_author: Eric Blossom 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
GSM and CDMA phones come with the crypto enabled.  The crypto's good
enough to keep out your neighbor (unless he's one of us) but if you're
that paranoid, you should opt for the end-to-end solution.  The CDMA
stuff (IS-95) is pretty broken: *linear* crypto function, takes 1
second worst case to gather data sufficient to solve 42 equations in
42 unknowns, but again, what's your threat model?  Big brother and
company are going to get you at the base station...
At our house we've pretty much given up on wired phone lines.  We use
cell phones as our primary means of communication.  Turns out that
with the bundled roaming and long distance, it works out cheaper than
what we used to pay for long distance service.  There is that pesky
location transponder problem though.
It doesn't have to be hard.  No requirement for PKI.  Just start with
an unauthenticated 2k-bit Diffie-Hellman and be done with it.
