
@_date: 2001-07-07 11:54:44
@_author: Eric Rescorla 
@_subject: non-repudiation, was Re: crypto flaw in secure mail standards 
How so? In at least one mode, SET denied the merchant the PAN.

@_date: 2001-07-18 14:54:33
@_author: Eric Rescorla 
@_subject: Criminal conduct and "cryptography."  (Adobe vs. Sklyarov) 
It seems to me that the quality of the encryption is a side issue
in this case.
In general, DRM systems of this type need to be concerned with
two classes of attacks:
(1) content recovery by unauthorized users (i.e. random individuals
who get access to the encrypted content)
(2) content recovery by authorized users (i.e. people who are authorized to view the content in some authorized device but
not to extract the raw plaintext, etc.)
The quality of the encryption being used only applies to attackers
of type (1) since attackers who have the key will be able to recover
the plaintext no matter what the encryption algorithm is, provided
that they know the algorithm. It's not in principle any more difficult
to reverse engineer a binary implementing a strong algorithm than one
implementing a weak one.
As far as I can tell, ElcomSoft's decryption utility requires the
user to input the password. Therefore it would only be of use
to attackers in class (2). While the encryption is admittedly bad
the situation wouldn't be any better from Adobe's perspective
if the encryption were good.
Similar comments apply to CSS--although it uses a weak algorithm
which could in principle be exhaustively searched, this isn't necessary
since a key has been recovered by reverse engineering an authorized
Why bother to make this distinction? Because eventually we'll run
into a DRM system which uses a strong encryption algorithm. It will
still be breakable since we don't know how to protect against attackers
of class (2) but we won't be able to say "hey, these losers are
using ROT13". We might as well start fighting that battle because
we'll need to soon enough in any case.

@_date: 2001-06-23 18:16:31
@_author: Eric Rescorla 
@_subject: crypto flaw in secure mail standards 
This sounds to me like what's usually called "data origin authentication".
That's one way to do it. Of course, if you're using Diffie-Hellman
keys then there's a far easier approach. You simply generate a MAC key
from the DH shared secret and use that the compute a MAC over the
message. Note that it's perfectly straightforward to have a key
expansion transform which generates both a MAC key and an encryption
key so that you only need to do one DH exchange.
Of course, this requires that the sender has a static DH key--watch
out for small subgroup attacks :)
[Eric Rescorla                                   ekr at rtfm.com]
