
@_date: 2001-04-19 23:41:42
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Another shining example of Microsoft "security" 
I don't know if anybody already noticed, but Outlook Express (at least the
version 5.5) blindly accepts any server certificate presented by a pop3s
(POP3 over SSL) server, without trying to validate it against a
locally-stored parent cert. This implies, for example, that roaming users
won't be able to detect MiM attacks, very easy to mount for a rogue ISP with
a NAT-capable unit (like, nowadays, almost any router, or even a Linux box).

@_date: 2001-04-20 16:10:04
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Another shining example of Microsoft "security". 
Why? Proxies for HTTPS do not touch the encrypted data, using the "CONNECT"
mechanism described in a draft by A. Luotonen (don't know if it eventually
became an RFC) and therefore are not involved in authentication issues.
Which is the right way to do it, as good crypto should always work
Besides, the fact that many users don't check the validity of the certs
presented by the other side is a disgrace, and should not be encouraged by
distributing broken software.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Friday, April 20, 2001 3:38 PM
majordomo at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2001-12-04 15:32:04
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: VISA: All Your Password Are Belong to Us 
Actually, the authentication is not performed by Visa, but by the issuer
(the member bank that has issued the card). Visa only manages a directory
server where the merchant's plugin looks up the first six digits of the card
number (a.k.a. the "issuer BIN") and finds the URL of the "Issuer
Authentication Control Server". The merchant plugin then redirects the
buyer's browser to that server, which in turn authenticates the buyer in any
way it deems fit (normally, a password or PIN). Visa, merchant and acquiring
bank are all out of the authentication loop: the process only involves
issuer and cardholder.
If the authentication is successful, the Issuer ACS certifies the card
number (basically, signing it) and redirects the browser to the merchant's
plugin, which verifies the issuer's signature (through a Visa-issued root
cert) and proceeds. Only then it the transaction submitted for
----- Original Message -----
Newsgroups: iecc.lists.cryptography
Sent: Tuesday, December 04, 2001 1:30 PM
majordomo at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2001-12-04 16:30:02
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: VISA: All Your Password Are Belong to Us 
Sent: Tuesday, December 04, 2001 6:18 PM
The plugin is a piece of software that runs on the merchant server, not on
the client (buyer's browser). Of course, this represents a pain in the neck
for the merchants, as they'll have to buy and install such plugin...
Unless, of course, the payment protocol is designed in such a way that the
card number is passed directly by the buyer's browser to a payment gateway
managed by the acquirer or a third-party processor: in that case a single
plugin will be shared among many merchants. That would be a good_thing
anyway to reduce the risk of theft of card numbers from misconfigured or
ill-protected merchant servers, but I suspect that the software vendors
selling plugins won't like it much ;-)

@_date: 2001-12-04 17:56:11
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: VISA: All Your Password Are Belong to Us 
Sent: Tuesday, December 04, 2001 7:07 PM
Perhaps there is also a client-side component to, e.g., cache the password
in a sort of "wallet", or, in case of smartcard-based authentication,
interface the Visa Smartcard. However, the protocol (formerly known as 3D
Secure) should be able to work without any specialized client, because a
password can be sent securely from a browser window to the Issuer ACS over a
simple HTTPS session. As I remember from last year, when I last examined the
protocol, one of the design goals was to keep unspecified the sub-protocol
between Issuer ACS and buyer's machine, allowing for a variety of
issuer-specific solutions.
Remember the business relationship chain: Cardholder (i.e., buyer) <-->
Issuer <--> VISA (or MC) <--> Acquirer <--> Merchant. Visa, a banking
consortium, cannot (and doesn't wasnt to) deal with cardholders and
merchants. Those should sort their issues with, respectively, issuers and
acquirers. The purpose of "Verified by Visa" is precisely to let issuers
authenticate their own cardholders, relieving merchants, acquirers and,
(crucially!), Visa, from the burden of sorting out disputes deriving from
misuse of someone else's card number. It's only natural that the issuer
should be let free to choose the authentication method it prefers.

@_date: 2001-12-07 10:16:50
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: VISA: All Your Password Are Belong to Us 
One last comment, if the moderator allows. While in my opinion sensibly
designed, the "Verified by Visa" protocol does suffer from one important
weakness: if no client plugins are used, an attacker can manage to spoof an
Issuer ACS and trick the buyer into revealing his/her password. This could
be avoided by implementing zero-knowledge authentication methods inside
standard browsers and HTTP servers: something that could greatly benefit web
security also for other applications. Now that SRP-3 exists and is
relatively unencumbered, it would be very nice if W3C and IETF considered it
for addition to HTTP. Maybe something for the Mozilla and Apache teams to
consider pioneering?
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Tuesday, 04 December, 2001 5:56 PM
majordomo at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2001-06-04 10:51:36
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Lie in X.BlaBla...  
Sent: Monday, June 04, 2001 2:00 AM
OK, so excuse me for being dense, but how exactly can such attack be
perpetrated? No sane authorization system bases authentication on the mere
presentation of the certificate: one must have the corresponding private
key. So, does this section of the law intend to punish misappropriation of
private key? Fine, but then it could just say so, better if stating in
general terms: "Using stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained information to
gain unauthorized access to information or engage in an unauthorized
transaction". This would also cover other cases (is it perhaps OK to tamper
maliciously with Kerberos tickets or to steal a login password?) also
including non-electronic forms of identity theft.
Talking of which, theft and fraud are ALREADY offences, regardless
of the context, and I see no point in creating additional statute.

@_date: 2001-06-07 07:51:49
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: secure phone (was Re: Starium...) 
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2001 5:23 AM
Sadly, using an internet phone is beyond the reach or the will of most
corporate users.
If you do that, you inherit the drawbacks of TCP for real time
communications: a single packet lost may disrupt the communication for a
long time. Software like Realplayer or MS Media Player, that can use TCP
(HTTP) to work around some firewalls setups, try to counter that by
buffering a large part of the data stream: but that would introduce
unacceptable delays in two-way communications.
And anyway, configuring a machine to do the encapsulation is WAY beyond most
corporate users...

@_date: 2001-06-07 11:34:11
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: secure phone (was Re: Starium...) 
Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2001 12:59 PM
RFC1889 and RFC1890 define a mechanism for encryption of RTP/RTCP
streams, and only specify single DES-CBC as default algorithm. Which is why
SpeakFreely, in alternative to RTP, can also use its own proprietary
transport, supporting also IDEA and Blowfish. In SpeakFreely the session key
may be exchanged with PGP 2.6.x.
Most commercial VoIP products nowadays are based on ITU's H.323, which also
uses RTP/RTCP, and since its version 2 addresses the security issues by
delegating them to H.235. See the summary of this standard at
 but note how it ends:
"This Recommendation supports signalling of well-known algorithms in
addition to signalling non-standardized or proprietary cryptographic
algorithms. There are no specifically mandated algorithms; however, it is
strongly suggested that endpoints support as many of the applicable
algorithms as possible in order to achieve interoperability. This parallels
the concept that the support of Recommendation H.245 does not guarantee the
interoperability between two entities' codecs." Oh well, so much for
The IETF provides an (IMHO better) alternative to the baroque complexity of
H.323. Sessions are initiated through the SIP protocol (RFC2543), with an
SDP (Session Description Protocol, RFC2327) part which may contain the
session keys to be used for the media encryption of the RTP stream. In turn,
the SDP data, together with other SIP headers, may be protected by
end-to-end content encryption schemes (PGP is the one that "SHOULD" be
supported). In addition, hop-to-hop encryption could protect SIP data using
TLS, SSH, IPSEC or whatever.

@_date: 2001-06-24 09:45:36
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: crypto flaw in secure mail standards 
A question for legal experts on the list: Does all this pose legal risks
within the current legal framework? In other word, do current digital
signature laws assume that also the headers are assumed to be authenticated
and non-repudiable if the message is digitally signed?
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Saturday, June 23, 2001 5:40 AM
majordomo at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2001-06-25 10:47:40
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: crypto flaw in secure mail standards 
Sent: Monday, June 25, 2001 1:32 AM
I don't know about US contract law, but under Common Law repudiation _is_ an
issue, and that's why witnessing is required. Moreover, there are attempts
to change the legal implications of signing a document if this is done in an
electronic environment, shifting the onus of proof of the claim of forgery
to the (alleged) signatory. See e.g.
 about the
controversial Article 13 of the UNCITRAL Model Law.

@_date: 2001-05-25 09:34:20
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Tamperproof devices and backdoors 
On another mailing list, someone posted an interesting question: how to
ascertain that a tamperproof device (e.g., a smartcard) contains no hidden
backdoors? By definition, anything open to inspection is not tamperproof. Of
course, one can ask the manufacturer to disclose the design, but there is no
way of verifying that the actual device really implements the design that
was disclosed, because the act of inspecting its innards could remove the
backdoor, and also the code thet implement the removal itself.
Any idea, besides relying on the manufacturer's reputation?
[In the general case, Goedel, Turing and Rice come to our "rescue" by
telling us it is impossible. As you know, Rice's theorem (an easy
extention of Goedel and Turing) tells us any non-trivial property of
the recursively enumerable sets is undecidable.
Now, in practice, you would think things are better, but I refer
everyone to Ken Thompson's ACM Turing Award lecture "Reflections on
Trusting Trust"...
On the Other Other Hand, I vaguely remember a neat paper by Matt Blaze
some years ago that shows that certain classes of back doors, like
"good" back doors in conventional crypto systems, are equivalent in
difficulty to building a public key system. Anyone remember the name
of the paper and the exact content?

@_date: 2001-05-31 07:22:03
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Lie in X.BlaBla... (was re: [Fwd: FW: WA makes forging/misrepresenting to get/use a cert a felony])  
Besides, it would be idiotic to grant access to information or authorization
for a transaction to someone, just because he or she has presented a "public
key certificate": authentication protocols require possession of the private
key. Those legislators just don't know what they are talking about.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Thursday, May 31, 2001 6:12 AM
majordomo at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2001-06-01 09:58:51
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Lie in X.BlaBla...  
; "Matt Crawford" Sent: Thursday, May 31, 2001 11:45 PM
Uhm... So, which devious use of someone else's certificate were those guys
trying to address? Also a bona fide certificate server could fall afoul of
such law. In my experience, misguided laypeople build their attitude towards
handling of certificates on the assumption that "a certificate is like a
digital ID card". This sounds like one of those cases.

@_date: 2001-10-03 07:18:58
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Best practices/HOWTO for key storage in small office/home    office setting? 
Sent: Wednesday, October 03, 2001 12:41 AM
Infrared link? As far as I know, the primary interface is the so-called
1-Wire, that uses the power lines also for I/O. Inexpensive adapters are
available for serial and parallel ports, and there is also a USB fob
Or else, there is the USB-only Rainbow iKey2000:

@_date: 2001-10-30 01:34:50
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: IP: Fw: [FiB FORUM] Anti-Terror Tools Include High-Tech 
An embedded and charset-unspecified text was scrubbed...
Name: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-31 07:18:07
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Yet more stego scare in the New York Times 
Sent: Wednesday, October 31, 2001 1:36 AM
For Hushmail, this would require boobytrapping the applet that does the
encryption in the client, or the JVM in the client itself: it's not only
matter of search warrant.

@_date: 2001-09-20 07:37:50
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: chip-level randomness? 
; ; Sent: Thursday, September 20, 2001 5:17 AM
Not only that: I don't think that feeding predictable input to the entropy
pool is going to make the PRNG's output any worse. If you don't bump up the
entropy estimator (risking a misleading estimate), it's a sort of Pascal's
Wager: you may or may not be better off, but surely you won't be worse off.

@_date: 2001-09-20 07:56:56
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Field slide attacks and how to avoid them. 
Or also their XML equivalents:
----- Original Message -----
; Sent: Thursday, September 20, 2001 1:49 AM
majordomo at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2001-09-25 21:45:19
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: [FYI] Did Encryption Empower These Terrorists?  
Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2001 6:31 AM
That's correct, and it's the main rationale behind initiatives like Visa's
3D Secure: an attempt to introduce stronger cardholder authentication, so
that the liability for chargebacks may be shifted back to the issuer.
This is actually the second attempt at solving this problem: offering
chargeback protection to merchants was the main attraction of SET, and
merchants and their acquiring banks were also ready to pay for it. However,
it was so inconvenient for the cardholders that they avoided SET-enabled
e-tailers like the plague...

@_date: 2001-09-26 10:56:55
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: [FYI] Did Encryption Empower These Terrorists? 
Many merchants need a unique identifier for the buyer, and their
traditional processes often use the PAN (card number, for credit
transactions). According to what I heard, at one point the original specs
of SET were altered in order to accomodate, as an option, the visibility
of the PAN to the merchant, thereby giving up the other advantage of SET
besides cardholder's authentication (i.e., protection of the card number
from eyes different from cardholder's or banking system's).
As Ben noted, it is not difficult to combine the following two
a) protection of PAN from any party different from cardholder or acquiring
bank b) no special software installed on cardholder's PC besides an SSL-capable
For example, let's suppose that the acquirer run a stateful trusted and
well protected machine (gateway), and the merchant a simple secure web
server whose CGI scripts can act as SSL clients. The transaction protocol
could work this way:
1. At check-out time, the merchant server connects to the gateway with
SSL, authenticates itself (even simple username/password is OK) and passes
to the gateway the details of the transaction, minus the card number (that
it doesn't have).
2. The gateway creates a record in an internal database, stores the data
there, and returns a unique and unguessable handle (a random-looking
string with a length of a few tens of characters).
3. The merchant server redirects the buyer's browser to the gateway,
passing it the handle (e.g., appended to the URL as "get" parameter). Also
this HTTP session is over SSL.
4. The gateway prompts the buyer for the card number and other personal
details, in a form also containing the handle as hidden field.
5. The buyer enters the requested data, and submits. The gateway, through
the handle, retrieves the transaction record, combines its data with the
card number and other data entered by the buyer, processes the
authorization request through the card associations' network, gets back
the auth code, stores it in the database transaction record, and redirects
the browser to a URL on the merchant server, again appending the record's
handle as parameter.
6. The merchant server gets the handle, opens another SSL connection (also
authenticated) to a URL on the gateway also passing it the handle, and
gets back a receipt confirming the authorization. It then displays a
"Thank you" page to the buyer's browser, and communicates all the data to
the division in charge for the order's fulfillment. The End.
And lo: no fancy crypto (apart from SSL), which also helps performances;
no client certificates; and no bulky wallets that someone gotta pay for
(and have to be installed, and often crash Windows ;-) ). Also the
merchant server just needs very simple and inexpensive SSL client
software: cURL, CryptSSL+LWP, JSSE, whatever.
The only piece still missing here is the cardholder authentication: the
gateway is managed by the acquiring bank, but only the issuing bank has
business relationships with the cardholder, and is in the position of
putting in place authentication mechanisms. That's where 3D Secure may
Cheers --

@_date: 2001-09-27 07:46:35
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: [FYI] Did Encryption Empower These Terrorists? 
; "Hadmut Danisch" ;
Sent: Thursday, September 27, 2001 12:06 AM
But I said that the gateway is operated by the acquirer (the merchant's
bank), not by the issuer. The issuer only becomes important for cardholder's
authentication, a part that I intentionally left out because it can only be
addressed by the card associations (Visa, Mastercard etc.) who are in the
middle between acquirers and issuers. In fact, 3D Secure does it by putting
on the site that collects the card number (here the gateway, or, in Visa's
original scheme, the merchant site) a plugin that looks up the first six
digits of the PAN in a Visa-supplied directory, retrieves the issuer's
identity and redirects the browser to a URL on an issuer-managed server
responsible for the verification of the cardholder's credentials.
That's 3D Secure's job (see above). Once the issuer has authenticated the
cardholder, neither merchant nor acquirer can be held responsible for
chargebacks: the issuer pays, and then deals with its cardholder as it deems
fit. (If you want my opinion, the very reason why Visa developed 3D Secure
is that they are sick of being involved in the dispute resolution process).
I know, but that was not the goal of the protocol I outlined in my post. I
just wanted to show that SSL alone can be sufficient as cryptographic tool
to restrict the visibility of the card to the banking system (acquirer /
card associations / issuer), excluding the merchant.

@_date: 2002-04-24 08:52:32
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Lucky's 1024-bit post [was: RE: objectivity and factoring analysis] 
Further to Lucky's comments: in the last few days I have discussed keysize
issues with a few people on a couple of mailing lists, and I have
encountered a hostility to large keysizes of which, frankly, I don't
understand the reasons. On the client side at least, performance is not an
issue: PGP 7.0.3 with my new 4096-bit PGP key appears to be as snappy as it
was with 1024-bit keys, and the table at
 looks quite reassuring.
In particular, none of the naysayers explained me clearly why it should be
reasonable to use 256-bit ciphers like AES with 1024-bit PK keypairs. Even
before Bernstein's papers it was widely accepted that bruteforcing a 256-bit
cipher requires computing power equivalent to ~16Kbit RSA or DH keys (and
~~512-bit ECC keys). Given that a cipher protects only one session, but PK
protection extends to a large number of sessions, one would expect the PK
part to be engineered to be the _stronger_ link of a cryptosystem, not the
weaker. And if the reason for the 256 bits is the possible deployment,
sometimes in the future, of quantum computers, well in that case we should
stop using PK cryptography altogether.
What am I missing?

@_date: 2002-01-07 08:21:16
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Hackers Targeting Home Computers 
; ; Sent: Sunday, 06 January, 2002 7:41 PM
Not only in future. Here is one example of questionable traffic filtering
initiative that is already being taken: listening to zealots like Steve
Gibson(  ) some providers have started to
block IP packets with unexpected source IP addresses, in the assumption that
they might be spoofed for evil purposes. Apart from creating difficulties to
dual-homed systems (unless policy-based routing is used to send reply
packets to the appropriate feed, avoiding asymmetric routing), this also
blocks the operations of privacy enhancement services such as the late
"Triangle boy" (now discontinued by Safeweb, but that's another story).
[Moderator's note: I must strongly disagree. Egress filtering
throughout the internet is of critical importance in stopping many
classes of attacks, and generally hurts no one legitimate. If you are
multi-homed in the sense of having multiple IP blocks, send out the
packets via the same path they came in -- setting that up is
straightforward. (I in fact do that, so any claims that it isn't
straightforward are unlikely to be believed, at least by me.) --Perry]

@_date: 2002-01-16 08:38:40
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop 
On the other hand it must be said that, if reputation really worked as we
would like, some sloppy and deservingly accident-prone Certification
Authorities would be out of business by now.

@_date: 2002-01-28 08:59:43
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] Re: Looking back ten years: Another Cypherpunksfailure (fwd) 
If everything is tunnelled inside SSH, its ultimate transport is TCP, which
is bad for data types like voice where reliability is less important than
low delay. The right thing to do is to build decent security into the RTP
layer (the standard transport for voice applications, RFC1889): the SRTP
draft ( goes
in this direction. Authentication and key exchange are supposed to be
handled in the session initiation phase (e.g., through SIP or H.323).
Alternatively, one could rely on IPSEC, but its support on the target
machine cannot (yet?) be taken for granted; the RTP stack, on the opposite,
is usually built into the application rather than the kernel.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Monday, 28 January, 2002 4:51 AM
majordomo at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2002-01-29 08:41:07
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] Re: Looking back ten years: Another Cypherpunksfailure (fwd) 
True, but VoIP uses pretty efficient codecs, typically compressing by a
factor of 8 (G.729) to 10-12 (G.723.1). On the other hand, the payload of an
RTP packet may contain more than one frame (increasing the latency, of
course: see e.g.  ).
Anyway, IPSEC (plus Kerberos/PKINIT) is the security mechanism chosen by the
PacketCable initiative:

@_date: 2002-01-29 09:26:09
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Cringely Gives KnowNow Some Unbelievable Free Press... (fwd) 
Sent: Monday, 28 January, 2002 6:33 AM
Well, a nice characteristic that RSA doesn't have is the ability of using as
secret key a hash of the passphrase, which avoids the need of a secret
keyring and the relative vulnerability to dictionary attacks. See e.g. the
Pegwit application, which, in its version 9
( does not, AFAIK, infringe on any EC

@_date: 2002-01-29 23:51:26
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] Re: Looking back ten years: Another Cypherpunksfailure (fwd) 
Yup, right. Thanks also to Joseph Tardo, who pointed out that the section
7.6.2.1 of PKT-SP-SEC-I05-020116 specifies standard RTP payload encryption.

@_date: 2002-01-29 23:59:41
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Cringely Gives KnowNow Some Unbelievable Free Press... (fwd) 
At least in OpenPGP, the correctness of the passphrase can be checked just
by verifying a CRC, without any PK operation. Quoting RFC2440:
 5.5.3. Secret Key Packet Formats
   [...]
   The 16-bit checksum that follows the algorithm-specific portion is
   the algebraic sum, mod 65536, of the plaintext of all the algorithm-
   specific octets (including MPI prefix and data).  With V3 keys, the
   checksum is stored in the clear.  With V4 keys, the checksum is
   encrypted like the algorithm-specific data. This value is used to
   check that the passphrase was correct.
(OK, that weakness can't be ascribed to RSA, but it's there.)

@_date: 2002-07-14 21:44:19
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: IP: SSL Certificate "Monopoly" Bears Financial Fruit 
Sent: Sunday, July 14, 2002 11:55 AM
This raises an interesting legal issue. Should any loss from a mis-issued
cert arise to a party who trusted the "Equifax" brand name shown in the cert
chain, but doesn't know (or want to know) anything about Geotrust, who would
be liable?
(Yeah, I know, any liability is usually disclaimed away, but I mean: which
one of the two is supposed to represent the "trusted" thirt party?)

@_date: 2002-07-27 09:48:55
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: building a true RNG (was: Quantum Computing ...) 
Sent: Tuesday, July 23, 2002 1:59 PM
Actually, the aura of mystery that surrounds entropy can be cleared if you
think of it as the amount of information describing the state of a system
that you do NOT know, because the output of the system only allows to
inspect part of its state (or nothing at all). For a "perfect" PRNG, that
doesn't leak any incremental information about the internal state, the
entropy equals the number of independent bits of its state (which is why I
consider the "depletion of the entropy pool" a non-issue: if no information
about the state is disclosed though the output stream, the entropy of the
generator CANNOT be decreased). Macroscopic thermodynamic systems contain
much larger amounts of entropy, in the region of 10^23 bits, as the number
of Avogadro comes into play.
Whereas, in theory, even a perfect PRNG can be reverse engineered (e.g.,
hooking a debugger to its software and/or hardware), for a true RNG this is
not possible, either because the number of states is just too large (thermal
noise, see above) or because of quantum reasons (no "hidden variables" at
all to dig out: for example, to the best of our knowledge there is simply no
way of knowing exactly when a radioactive nucleus will decay). Otherwise,
their black box functionality is essentially the same - by definition.
Estimating an _upper boundary_ to entropy by simply observing the output of
a black box is possible, but under some conditions: you have to assume that
the the system is ergodic, i.e. that the statistics can be inferred from
time averages (or, equivalently, that the system never gets "locked" into
sequences of some subset of states). And even then, what you have is just
an estimate: you could have a sequence of 1000 consecutive zeroes just by
chance (if you are VERY, VERY unlucky, that is).

@_date: 2002-06-28 07:26:13
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: PAM module using iButton 
Sent: Friday, June 28, 2002 2:33 AM
I wrote a PAM module for Linux that authenticates users to the system with a
RSA based challenge-response protocol using the iButton to store the private
part of the RSA-key.
Since you want to do something similar, you might want to check it out. It
can be found
java-powered-ibutton at dalsemi.com schrieb am 26.06.02 19:04:42:
Dierk Bolten
FAX: 01212 / 5 - 10673326
e-mail: dbolten at web.de
homepage: www-users.rwth-aachen.de/dierk.bolten
My PGP public  key can be found on my homepage (follow Links).
All inclusive! 100 MB Speicher, SMS 50% gunstiger, 32 MB Attachment-Gro?e,
Preisvorteile und mehr unter Java-powered-ibutton mailing list
Java-powered-ibutton at dalsemi.com
To UNSUBSCRIBE, edit your profile, or visit the list archives, go to:

@_date: 2002-03-21 12:08:56
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Secure peripheral cards 
Try  .
Also some of the devices mentioned at  might
be useful to you. And if the application is not too large and demanding, a
Java iButton ( ) could also do the
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Thursday, 21 March, 2002 8:21 AM
majordomo at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2002-03-26 00:21:18
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise 
Sent: Sunday, 24 March, 2002 9:38 AM
Hmmm... I see that the new 4096-bit super-duper key, besides its own (which
doesn't prove much), only bears the signatures of the now revoked -as
potentially compromised- old keys 0x375AD924 and 0xEEE8CFF3, plus 0x06757D2D
(which turns out to be a 1024-bit DSA key) and 0x50C0FEA7 (a lowly 2048-bit
RSA legacy key)...
Are you really our Lucky, or the NSA proving our worst fears founded? ;-)

@_date: 2002-05-25 07:57:42
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Government subsidies: our last, best hope for Cryptoanarchy? 
This may not be very relevant to the rest of the article, but: what's
wrong with WinPT ( It looks quite good to me, and very close
in look and feel to NAI PGP UI.

@_date: 2003-08-27 08:50:04
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: blackmail / real world stego use 
Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2003 5:49 AM
That appears to be the conclusion reached by the developers of GNUnet:
Q. Is it possible to use GNUnet via a browser as an anonymous WWW?
A. There is currently no proxy (like fproxy in Freenet) for GNUnet that
would make it accessible with a browser. It is possible to build such a
proxy and all one needs to know is the protocol used between browser and
proxy and a swift look at the sources in src/applications/afs/tools/.
The real question is, whether or not this is a good idea. In order to
achieve anonymity, GNUnet has a much higher latency than the WWW. Thus,
the experience of browsing the web will usually be hindered significantly
by these delays (potentially several minutes per page!).
If you still want to write a proxy, you are welcome to send us code and
join the developer team.
