
@_date: 2003-12-20 13:17:47
@_author: Ed Reed 
@_subject: example: secure computing kernel needed 
Remote attestation has use in applications requiring accountability of
the user, as a way for cooperating processes to satisfy themselves
configurations and state are as they're expected to be, and not
up somehow.
There are many business uses for such things, like checking to see
if locked down kiosk computers have been modified (either hardware
or software), verifying that users have not excercised their god-given
right to install spy-ware and viruses (since they're running with
administrative priviledges, aren't they?), and satisfying a consumer
that the server they're connected to is (or isn't) running software
records has adequate security domain protections to protect the users
data (perhaps backup files) the user entrusts to the server.
What I'm not sure of is whether there are any anonymous / privacy
enhancing scenarios in which remote attestation is useful.  Well, the
last case, above, where the server is attesting to the client could
But what about the other way around.  The assumption I have is that
any remote attestation, even if anonymous, still will leave a trail
that might be used by forensic specialists for some form of traffic
analysis, if nothing else.
In that case, you'd need to "trust" your "trusted computing system"
not to provide remote attestation without your explicit assent.
I'd really like to see an open source effort to provide a high
TPM implementation, perhaps managed through a Linux 2.6 / LSM /
TPM driver talking to a TPM module.  Yes, the TPM identity and
will still be rooted in its manufacturer (IBM, Intel, Asus, SiS,
But hell, we're already trusting them not to put tcpstacks into the
for PAL chips to talk to their evil bosses back in [fill in location of
favorite evil empire, here]. Oh, wait a minute - Phoenix is working
on that, too, aren't they?
I see the TPM configuration management tool as a way to provide
a trusted boot path, complete with automagical inventory of "approved"
hardware devices, so that evaluated operating systems, like Solaris
and Linux, can know whether they're running on hardware whose firmware
and circuitry are known (or believed) not to have been subverted, or to
certain EMI / Tempest characteristics.  Mass market delivery of
what are ususally statically configured systems that still retain
C2/CC-EAL4 ratings.
But more important is where TPM and TCPA lead Intel and IBM, towards
increasing virtualization of commodity hardware, like Intel's LeGrand
strategy to restore a "trusted protection ring" (-1) to their
which will make it easier to get real, proper virtualization with
hypervisors back into common use.
The fact that Hollywood thinks they can use the technology, and thus
they're willing to underwrite its development, is fortuitous, as long
the trust is based on open transparent reviews and certifications.
Maybe the FSF and EFF will create their own certification program, to
review and bless TPM "ring -1" implementations, just to satsify the
slashdot crowd...
Maybe they should.
also There is no control of your system with remote attestation. Remote attestation simply allows the distant end of a communication to determine if your configuration is acceptable for them to communicate with you. As such, remote attestation allows communicating parties to determine with whom they communicate or share services. In that respect, it is just like caller id. People should be able to either attest remotely, or block it just like caller id. Just as the distant end can choose to accept or not accept the connection.

@_date: 2003-12-22 19:34:31
@_author: Ed Reed 
@_subject: Ousourced Trust (was Re: Difference between TCPA-Hardware and 
Of course they do.  Examples:
D&B and other credit reporting agencies.
SEC for fair reporting of financial results.
International Banking Letters of Credit when no shared root of trust
Errors and Ommissions Professional Liability insurance for consultants
you don't know.
Workman's Compensation insurance for independent contractors you don't
The point is that the "real world" has monitized risk.  But the
crytpo-elite have concentrated too hard on eliminating environmental
factors from proofs of correctness of algorithms, protocols, and most
importantly, business processes.
Crypto is not business-critical.  It's the processes its supposed to be
protecting that are, and those are the ones that are insured.
Legal and regulatory frameworks define how and where liability can be
assigned, and that allows insurance companies to factor in stop-loss
estimates for their exposure.  Without that, everything is a crap
Watching how regulation is evolving right now, we may not see explicit
liability assignments to software vendors for their vulnerabilities,
whether for operating systems or for S/MIME email clients.  Those are
all far too limited in what they could offer, anyway.
What's happening, instead, is that consumers of those products are
themselves facing regulatory pressure to assure their customers and
regulators that they're providing adequate systematic security through
technology as well as business policies, procedures and (ultimately)
controls (ie, auditable tests for control failures and adequacy).  When
customers can no longer say "gee, we collected all this information, and
who knew our web server wouldn't keep it from being published on the
NYTimes classified pages?", then vendors will be compelled to deliver
pieces of the solution that allow THE CUSTOMER (product consumer) to
secure their environments.
Get ready.  Trusted Third Party evaluations, like FIPS 140 is for
Crypto, will be the thing insurance companies look to for guidance in
factoring their risk exposure when asked to provide warranty coverage to
businesses using technology - just like they did to Underwriters
Laboratories for electrical appliances, just like they do to D&B for
commercial credit processing, just like they do to MasterCard and VISA
for consumer credit processing.
And before you say "well, that doesn't apply to internal company
security", ask yourself how many companies outsource physical security
to Brinks or some other security-guard employeement agency.  They can do
that, too, because of other insurance (personal bonds) that help them
lay off the exposure to misplaced trust.
Trust is heavily outsourced.  Only the very large or very foolish think
they can "go it alone".  And the very large generally have governments
in their pockets to  help provide the stop-loss limits for their

@_date: 2003-09-26 07:38:31
@_author: Ed Reed 
@_subject: A different Business Model for PKI (was two other subjects 
I've suspected that the pricing was set along a line of thinking that
goes like this...
1) work group and departmental networking managed to charge $100-$150 /
yr / user
in exchange for making user administration, file and print share access
management and other related identity management functions (email)
for Windows users.  That price model was successfully set back in the
NetWare 3 and 4
days, and has continued pretty much to the current day.  It made sense
managing user accounts and user desktops is really, really expensive in
terms of
personnel costs.
2) PKI vendors looked at that and must have said - gee, if we can get
for managing identity around PKI certificates, why shouldn't we?  And
so they tried.
Some of their offerings, securing VPNs, b2b file transfers, etc. were
good, but
things like S/MIME (really just updated PEM) still aren't worth it,
given how difficult
it STILL is, even with ubiquitous directories, to manage individual
cert lifecycles for users
when personnel turnover approaches 30% per year.
3) the standards groups, PKIX in particular, still haven't addressed
the cert life cycle
management issues, and neither has the market place, in any coherent,
fashion - they've got their hands full getting simple things like LDAP
storage of certs
working right, and are more interested in computing trust across
arbitrarily long
chains of root ca cross certifications (bridges).
4) the PKI vendors IPO's were based on the $100-$150/yr/user business
5) because of  customers wouldn't pay, resulting in the "shakeout"
in the industry
6) new markets for PKI, like companies who want to issue identity
to each of their customers, or manufacturers of, say, cable settop
boxes or mobile phones,
who need end-point-authenticated out-of-the-box self-registration and
secureable connections for MILLIONS of new devices / customers per year
get the PKI vendors to budge on their rediculous price points, so they
look elsewhere.
After some research, it appears to me that there's a tidy little
business possible for
someone to break the mold.
Sell PKI software the same way you sell Manufacturing software - on the
of the size and complexity of your installation and its support costs,
not on the basis of the number of widgets you manufacture.
Price points between $0.002 and $0.20 per cert would allow someone
20 million certs to buy for $40K - $4M, depending on how integration
they have.  Add-on sales for insurance and warrantee (for loss of
coverage) and high assurance operational costs they need to cover
own liability would be extra.  Certs need not expire very quickly -
these are identity certs
that can last as long as the device / policy holder lasts, or until
makes them obsolete.  I wouldn't even price it per cert, but you've got
have the comparison available to show the difference.  The point is
$1M-$4M is well within reason for many of these kinds of applications,
$100 x 20M = $2,000M isn't.  To be fair, vendors in discussion for
kinds of applications appeared to be willing to "come down" to $40M or
so, or about $2 per cert per year - still an order of magnitude too
The business profits come from charging for consultant aided
integration of the key generation (where key escrow is desired) and certificate
signing requests into order processing and manufacturing operations, so
chips or customer databases are populated with identity information
the device is manufactured.  Registration occurs when the device comes
alive and contacts its pre-configured service depot at power up to
configuration / customer policy information customized for its use.  Or
the policy holder connects to the customer portal and authenticates
via password / pass phrase / policy information knowledge (the same
way registration for phone access to policy information is provided
Using PKI in these applications is completely different from the S/MIME
but addresses real business needs.  It allows out-of-the-box strong
authentication of devices at power on (assuming network connectivity). provides for a whole new raft of delivery chain customer service and
solutions that are really cumbersome, today, without PKI.  For
databases, it allows the vendor to use PKI-based authentication from
servers into back-end systems (you really, really don't want to think
provisioning 20,000,000 consumer's browsers with personal certs, do
you?  Why,
do you own a customer support phone bank needing work?) while
smart card and other stronger authentication into the same back end
for administrators and customer support folks, with full accountability
and separation of duties based on the strengths of the authentication /
key protection (documented by the CAs who issue the certs based on the
key protection and strength mechanisms)
And note something else - this volume of cert usage is all within
single companies
so there's no cross certification issue at all!  It can easily be
deployed under
a single root ca, so if the cross certification trust routing
algorithms ever progress
beyond the moral equivalent of RIP (or even RIP2) you can discuss
The point is that the PKI world has ignored gigantic opportunities for
while chasing after what are ultimately ungrateful markets - email
certs.  Big companies can't go after this business, though - it's lower margin,
because its
commodity-oriented, and there's still substantial investment needed to
the scaleability needed in OCSP and CRL processing, just for instance. But it's
ought to be a nice business for someone able and willing to crack the
egg and
introduce a different business model all together for PKI solutions.
I tried to interest some VCs in the approach, but it was right before
and after 9/11
and people's heads were somewhere else.
Anyone care to make a go of it?  If we start now, we ought to have a
little company to pay for my/our retirement in 15-20 years...5 yr IPO
strategists need not apply.
Actually there's a second aspect to this as well: Verisign's managed
services.  The idea here is that since PKI (specifically, the X.509 PKI
is too hard for any normal person or organisation to handle, you charge
an enormous amount of money to run their PKI for them.  You end up
talking to
a Verisign cloud that acts as an authorisation oracle ("Is this thing
OK?" -
"Yep, go ahead"), although exactly why you need a PKI for this rather
(say) a basic challenge-response protocol to query the cloud is unclear
it's a fashion thing, or an in-joke that no-one's let me in on).  As a
moneymaking racket, it's second only to the "make the browser warning
go away" one: First you create an unworkable PKI design (although
didn't do that, they're just taking advantage of it), then you charge
buckets of money to run it for them (and in terms of money-earners, it
the $495 server certs in the dust - it's sort of like a PKI-DNS
except that you pay 5-6 figure sums for your name/key registration).

@_date: 2004-08-16 13:20:25
@_author: Ed Reed 
@_subject: Microsoft .NET PRNG (fwd) 
Been there, done that...
Win95 & Win98 are pretty programs running on DOS.
I've generally taken FIPS 140-1 level 1 to be about whether you got the
software right, not whether it protects secrets.  Level 2 only relies on
TCSEC or Common Criteria operating system profiles having DAC (not
requiring MAC) and tamper evidence (sticky tape on the cage door or
FIPS 140 is a crypto quality metric, it seems.  Not crypto security. That said, if you had a FIPS 140 crypto package running on DOS box that
meets all the Level 3 or Level 4 requirements for tamper resistance, (is
Tempest required to suppress EMI?), etc. then that would be "fun", at
least.  But the crypto itself wouldn't be all that different, would it?
 As I've said in a previous post, the best documentation for the RNG is
in "Writing Secure Code (2nd ed)".  The main purpose of the CryptoAPI FIPS
140 documentation is to document an active penetration attack on the FIPS
140 certification process (I could get an 8086 MSDOS machine FIPS 140
certified [0] using their methodology). Peter. [0] If anyone would like to fund, please get in touch :-).

@_date: 2004-07-04 14:46:15
@_author: Ed Reed 
@_subject: Question on the state of the security industry (second 
I recently had the same trouble with the Centers for Disease Control
(CDC) - who were calling around to followup on infant influenza
innoculations given last fall.
Ultimately, they wanted me to provide authorization to them to receive
HIPPA protected patient records from my son's pediatrician, and I couldn't figure out how to get them to definitively pursuade me that
they were really the CDC, who I was willing to be so authorized.
Such research MAY be appropriate, and in this case, I'm a believer in
flu shots, and am generally supportive.
But, while I could (and had to) identify myself to them (it was
a random-number dial canvas), they had no way, short of giving
me an 800 number to call (with obvious trust bootstrap problems
with that) to get past it.
Eventually, I found enough information on the CDC websites
(assuming that DNS wasn't hacked, that my ISP wasn't redirecting
my http queries to a Russian web site, and that the CDC site
hadn't been hacked) to cooperate (talked with 2 supervisors,
5 followup canvasers, etc.)
This is a problem that "real life" has.  This sort of problem has
been around since telephones came into existence (I didn't think
to check the caller-id on the call, presuming it would point me
to a call center located somewhere on the planet).
We cope.  And when the annoyance gets too bad, we kvetch,
pass laws, and file law suits.  Isn't that pretty much what's
happening, now?
Thought-control countries present separate problems (whether
that's the Patriot Act or the Chinese censorship of SMS messages).
For them, we have to rely on the Internet to route around censorship.
And facilitate alternate routes (silent ones?) when the routers are
own3d by the censors. (sorry - cross-over to another thread).
Well if nothing else, it is impossible for my bank to send me anything
I would believe via email now....
To take this even slightly more on-topic - does anyone here have a bank
capable of authenticating themselves to you when they ring you?
I have had four phone calls from my bank this year, all of which start
out by asking me to identify myself to them. When I point out that they
must know who I am - as they just phoned me - and that I have no way of
knowing who they are, they are completely lost (probably takes them
away from the little paper script pinned to their desk)

@_date: 2004-05-28 07:27:35
@_author: Ed Reed 
@_subject: Satellite eavesdropping of 802.11b traffic 
Why worry about satellites when car/plane/neighbor unpiloted remote
controlled airplanes work so well?
You're free-radiating electronic emissions.  That's all a determined
adversary needs.  Or an opportunistic war-driving script-kiddie, for
that matter.
Does anyone know whether the low-power nature of wireless LANs protects
them from eavesdropping by satellite?  Is there some simple reference
that would easily let me figure out whether transmitters at a given
power are in danger of eavesdropping by satellite?  --John

@_date: 2004-10-08 19:32:41
@_author: Ed Reed 
@_subject: Enterprise key management systems? 
Novell developed NICI, Novell International Crypto Infrastructure, and
has used it for much of the past decade.  It's a BSAFE wrapper with
several PKI-based applications, including a signed-code authenticating
library loader, exportable dynamic crypto libraries with continuous
authentication across the application-crypto-library interface (so the
open crypto interfaces are both closed), a modular architecture similar
to CDSA with key policy represented in a signed policy certificate
(delivered separately from the crypto engines themselves), architected
to support independent 3rd-party signed crypto modules (intended to
allow national-preferred crypto algorithms to be created and authorized
for use with the commodity-licensed crypto infrastructure).
Using this, we've used it to provide directory-based key management,
shared-key distribution, wrapped exported keys that can be reloaded
without operator intervention, directory-based, per-user secret stores
for passwords and such to allow single-signon, etc, that allows
operators to reset user passwords without losing their secrets (if that
policy is desired - it also effectively makes secrets recoverable in the
event of the loss of the assistance of the employee).
The key-escrow features were designed but never implemented, that I know
And yes, we rolled our own so we could manage the conflicting
requirements for a global software company with a large number of
crypto-enabled applications:
1) must be able to be FIPS 140-1/2 certified algorithms and
implementations, which usually (stay tuned for the OpenSSL FIPS 140
certification success) means they MUST be dynamically linked,
2) exportable applications and crypto under commodity license (no
registration or reporting requirements), which usually means they MUST
be statically linked to close open crypto interface issues with export
from the US
3) single global application part numbers, as we have too many part
numbers already to manage through our direct and indirect sales channels
- we could never double (or more) the number and manage the inventory,
etc. requirements on them all
That requires "something special".  We solved it, as others have, with
dynamic libraries linked via strong authenticating loaders that verify
the crypto libraries are unchanged, and that the key-strength and
algorithms allowed are authorized by the policy certificate delivered
separately from the code (with license disks, if needed).  Even though the export key strength issues are no longer an issue, the
FIPS 140 and exportability requirements, combined with the
single-partnumber requirement means we still need something like this.
And we've grown VERY accustomed to being able to have NICI export an
obfuscated (or hardware encrypted) key that can be reloaded without
operator intervention (under control of the strong loader) for service
We're starting to think that if we ever want to move whole sale to a
non-BSAFE based crypto implementation, say, an open source one, that we
will need to port our key distribution and private key management
mechanisms to the new system, as we've not see their like in any
generally available open source framework.
For what it's worth.
What are people using for enterprise key management systems? By
enterprise I mean something (centralized) which supports multiple
crypto-enabled applications. Specifically, are there any recommended products which support crypto
hardware and database encryption? Most people I've talked to seem to roll-their-own. Is that also the
consensus of this list? Thanks, -kenan

@_date: 2005-02-03 05:45:21
@_author: Ed Reed 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
No, and neither are corporate customers, to a large extent.
Accountability is, in fact, a treasured property of business computing.
Lack of accountability creates things like Enron, Anderson Consulting,
Oil-for-Food scams, and the missing 9 billion dollars or so of
reconstruction aid.  It's the fuel that propells SPAM, graft, and
identity theft.
What I've not seen is much work providing accountability for anonymous
It's a shame people persist in thinking a single solution will satify
everyone, as though computing was somehow different from everything else
in life.

@_date: 2005-11-01 11:44:28
@_author: Ed Reed 
@_subject: Some thoughts on high-assurance certificates 
Peter - In the absence of a legal framework for defining, limiting and
allocating liability, there's going to be nothing much better than
reputation-based assurance for certificates, I'm afraid.
The issues are systemic, and broad.
They begin with the registration problem you cite.  The problem you
describe derives from trying to use a credit-card liability limit
oriented business process to support financial institution international
letter of credit transactions.  Won't happen.  Can't happen.
When insurers have looked at what they need in order to satisfy
themselves that their liability for potential loss has been adequately
limited, they've focused on a few areas:
1) is the liability being distributed sufficiently that each bearer
can, indeed, meet their duties should losses be incurred?
2) is the likely hood of loss increased once the first lost has
occurred?  In other words, do the backers face the prospect of a
catastrophic cascade of losses, or is the likelyhood of loss unrelated to the prospect of loss 3) are the parties in the system competent and able to perform their
duties, and is that demonstrable or simply a matter of faith?
The sort of high assurance certificates business I've investigated in
the past has involved the need to support potential losses across the
system in the $600,000 Million range.  Beyond the capacity for any one
insurer, and so requiring more than just "good faith and judgment" by
one backer.
There is a technical component to the solution that requires something
more than "well, I think so" confidence in the duties you ask the
parties in the system to perform.  Lacking scientific, analytical
support for claims that keys are protected, that their use is as
intended, and that relying parties have documentary evidence of the
claims being made and liabilities being accepted (or not), you fail both
 and  above.
The ability to stop a loss from cascading is crucial - Phishing is one
thing, or 419 scams that prey on individuals, but breakdowns in trust
that span an entire supply chain or an industry is something else
One approach that's been proposed has been to focus on the minimal
liability each player must accept, and to make sure they have concrete,
demonstrable means to manage their risk.  For instance, if an
intermediary CA needs only to be able to guarantee two things - not to
issue different certificates with the same identifier, and to protect
the signer's private keys - they may be able to do that in a fashion
that can be warranted by insurers.
Interestingly enough, if you follow that approach, the whole PKI
business turns into providing non-repudiable certificates of insurance
or warranty.  Insurance folks already have ways and means of calculating
risk and pricing insurance and warranties.  The certificate, signed by
an insured CA, simply represents the insurance coverage provided for
breach of the claims made in the certificate being signed.  That the
CA's certificate is signed means the claims in the certificate are
warranted by the signer - an insurance company, for instance.
The strength of the non-repudiation claims, and the breadth of claims
that are warranted, are going to be based in the technology protections
provided against fraudulent misrepresentation, and the processes
(minimal as possible) associated with them.  That includes high quality
crypto, high assurance operating systems, and high integrity business
practices.  Each are measurable, comparable, Is this person an employee of this company?  Dunno, who's paying their
workman's comp (here's the insurance company certificate saying they're
covered).  If no one is paying, that's an indication.  If someone stops
paying, that's another indication (they let the certificate expire, in
conjunction with the insurance coverage).
Getting PKI baked into the every day representations people routinely
manage seems desirable and necessary to me.  The pricing model that has
precluded that in the past (you need a separate PKi certificate for each
INSURANCE policy?) is finally melting away.  We may be ready to watch
the maturation of the industry.
, Peter Gutmann
 certificates is
users (see
are going
task in the approached a
email to the
the high-
a of the
checking, but
certificates are each given us
to hit
service and
long the race
