
@_date: 2002-08-21 02:22:45
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: Exploits Contributor Program (fwd) 
It appears that someone is having a little fun with iDefense's
Vulnerability Contributor Program. An e-mail I got from from a third
party looks exactly like the one below, and the iMoolah webpage is
basically a rip of the iDefense page.
William Knowles
wk at c4i.org
"Communications are the nervous system of the entire SAC organization, and their protection is therefore, of the greatest importance. I like to say that without communications, all I control is my desk, and that is not a very lethal weapon."      ---      General T.S. Power U.S.A.F

@_date: 2002-05-24 23:05:19
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: Navajo code talkers encoder & decoder page.  
Not one for clicking ads on sites, I clicked one for the upcoming Nicolas Cage movie on the Navajo code talkers. On the interactive side of the site theres a page to encode and decode terms from the code talker dictionary.
dibeh tlo-chin tsin-tliti dzeh a-woh lin tkin a-chin ah-tad  cla-gi-aih dzeh ah-losz gah tsah-as-zih  gloe-ih a-kha no-da-ih nash-doie-tso be  wol-la-chee cla-gi-aih cla-gi-aih ah-losz tlo-chin a-keh-di-glini ah-nah  toh-ni-tkal-lo  da-ahl-zhin  		
William Knowles
erehwon at c4i.org
"Communications are the nervous system of the entire SAC organization, and their protection is therefore, of the greatest importance. I like to say that without communications, all I control is my desk, and that is not a very lethal weapon."      ---      General T.S. Power U.S.A.F

@_date: 2003-01-19 22:38:01
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: Prime numbers guru 'factors' down success  
SIDDHARTHA D KASHYAP
TIMES NEWS NETWORK
JANUARY 18, 2003
PUNE: Computer scientist Manindra Agrawal, who hit global headlines last year by unravelling a long-standing mystery of prime numbers, does not plan to patent his method.
The problem of conclusively identifying enormous prime numbers (hundreds of digits long) had baffled mathematicians across centuries until the Kanpur-based IIT-ian and two of his undergraduate students - Neeraj Kayal and Nitin Saxena - developed a simple method of cracking Prime numbers (such as 1, 5, 11, 37...) are divisible only by themselves or 1. While smaller prime numbers are easy to make out, for very large numbers, there never had been a formula for "primality testing" until August 2002.
"I'm not keen on restricting mathematicians and other people from using this method," says Agrawal,who will soon be leaving for a year-long stint at the Institute for Advanced Studies in Princeton, New Jersey.
Felicitated for his mathematical breakthrough by Tata Consultancy Services here on Friday afternoon, Agrawal delivered a lecture on the subject. The primality formula opened up new vistas to decode Internet encryption, besides offering a new ray of hope to other problems in "What we've so far achieved is a foolproof method of identifying large prime numbers," he said, adding that the factoring problem is yet to be solved. "So why not allow people to work on this technique and unravel the further problem," he asked, while explaining the reason for not opting for a patent.
While Agrawal's discovery has fascinated people,who have gone to the extent of heralding an end to the use of the Internet, Agrawal humbly accepts it is presently of little or no commercial value. "The algorithm we discovered will not set new world records because of its innate lack of speed," he admits. A 100-digit number takes at least a year to determine its primality, he adds.
"All those reports are misleading and inconsequential now," he said, adding that the race is, however, on to arrive at new approaches to primality testing. "We hope to achieve some results at the end of two Does the discovery hold any relevance to cryptography? "No, not at the moment. Again because our algorithm is not fast enough for practical applications," he said. Presently, information security on the Internet is based on the difficulty of factoring an enormous number. "For anybody to decrypt such a number, one has to figure out the two prime numbers (factors) used, which are 250 digits each, or more long," he said. "Besides, factoring is the key to many other mathematical problems too."
"Communications without intelligence is noise;  Intelligence
without communications is irrelevant." Gen Alfred. M. Gray, USMC
C4I.org - Computer Security, & Intelligence -
