
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:58:27
@_author: Erwan Ounn 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Rubber-hose resistance? 
I agree that there ought to be better ways to protect your stash.
With that said, I don’t think the system you outlined would achieve that goal. It basically comes down to the fact that sensory data can be forged and sensors fooled, for cheap. In addition to that, if a robber has physical access to you and is in position to do you harm then what prevents them from sedating you?
In my opinion, a better system is one whose security do not depend on your final say at the time of the robbery. That is, you could by construction limit the withdrawal of more than a certain amount of coins every N days (a vault). The settings of such a system could be controlled by an “overwrite key” that is split among a college of trusted third-parties. Together, you would be allowed to edit the settings (threshold, lock-period etc.) which would only be applied after a certain period of time and over which you have a veto.
Let me know what you think,
— Erwan

@_date: 2017-10-16 19:53:50
@_author: Erwan Ounn 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Severe flaw in WPA2 protocol leaves Wi-Fi 
It’s indeed a critical vulnerability. FYI, you can read more about it on the researcher’s webpage:  Quoting the relevant bits (emphasis mine):
We discovered serious weaknesses in WPA2, a protocol that secures all modern protected Wi-Fi networks. […] Concretely, attackers can use this novel attack technique to read information that was previously assumed to be safely encrypted.
This can be abused to steal sensitive information such as credit card numbers, passwords, chat messages, emails, photos, and so on.The attack works against all modern protected Wi-Fi networks. Depending on the network configuration, it is also possible to inject and manipulate data.
The research behind the attack will be presented at the Computer and Communications Security (CCS)  conference, and at the Black Hat Europe  conference. Our detailed research paper  can already be downloaded.
Discovered by Mathy Vanhoef of imec-DistriNet, KU Leuven
