
@_date: 2003-12-29 13:43:26
@_author: Eric S. Johansson 
@_subject: [camram-spam] Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black PoW 
do the math.
  s
where: d = stamp delay in seconds
        s = spam size in bytes
        b = bandwidth in bytes per second
assuming unlimited bandwidth, if a stamp spammer compromises roughly the same number of PCs as were compromised during the last worm attack (350,000) at 15 seconds per stamp, you end up with 1.4 million stamps per minute or 2 billion stamps per day.  When you compare that to the amount of spam generated per day (high hundred billion to low trillion), they are still a few machine short of what is necessary to totally render stamps useless.  Yes, maybe one spammer could muster a few machines to be a nuisance but that's the extent of it.
When dealing with hardware acceleration, it becomes a hardware war.  If they can make a custom hardware, Taiwan can make us USB stamp generators, postage goes to a period of rapid inflation, and the world goes back to where was before with no advantage to spammer's.
again, work the numbers to figure out the basic model and where the threat roughly lives.  Personally, I think that any system that tweaks the e-mail protocols basically loses for reasons of adoption and backwards compatibility.  I've put a lot of effort into the camram implementation to create significant backwards compatibility without leaving someone vulnerable to spam.
also, zombied machines are a threat but the beauty of any proof of work system is that the machine will start overheating if it's used too much and the CPU load will become noticeable to the user.  So in a way, stand generating zombies might actually do the net some good and takeout these machines.  or cause another blackout in New York State...

@_date: 2003-12-30 08:59:30
@_author: Eric S. Johansson 
@_subject: [camram-spam] Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black  PoW 
well, stamp speed is method of rate limiting.  This equation/formula gives you the ratio of performance degradation.  So,
Given d=15, b=49152 (aka 384kbps) and s=1000
the slowdown ratio or factor is 737.28 times over what an unimpeded spammer can send.  But as you increase spam size, the slowdown factor actually, it would take 15 but only because you can be sending one stamped piece of spam at the same time as you're generating the next stamp.  But using your spam size, , the slowdown factor becomes roughly 73 times.  So they would need 73 machines running full tilt all the time to regain their old throughput.  It's entirely possible that one evolutionary response to stamps would be to generate larger pieces of spam but that would also slow them down so we still win, kind of, sort of...
actually, I'm hearing that there are roughly one billion addresses but unfortunately have lost the source.  The numbers for spam I'm hearing are on the order of 76 billion to 2 trillion
2 tril spams /day 76 bil                 If you have a better source (and I am sure there are some), I would like to hear it.
unfortunately, I think you making some assumptions that are not fully warranted.  I will try to do some research and figure out the number of machines compromised.  The best No. I had seen to date was about 350,000.
well, that might be the case but I must have a who cares attitude about that.  For the most part I rarely send mail to strangers and the stamp generation process is in background.  So if it take several minutes to queue up and send a piece of mail a few times a month.  What's the problem? (yes, I know I'm being cavalier)
wrong unit of costs.  The stamps still take 15 seconds (give or take) which means approximately 5760 stamps per day.  Hardware acceleration is an attack against stamps by using dedicated hardware to shrink the cost in time of a given size stamp.  so, if and evil someone can build an ASIC to shrink the cost of a stamped by 100 times, then mercenary somebody else can build the same functionality and performance as well.   Plop it onto a USB interface chip, sell for $15 and balance is restored

@_date: 2003-12-31 21:08:01
@_author: Eric S. Johansson 
@_subject: [camram-spam] Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black  PoW 
take a look at my headers and you'll see a real example.
---eric (No. 1 generator of stamps on the Internet)

@_date: 2003-05-16 14:04:37
@_author: Eric S. Johansson 
@_subject: Payments as an answer to spam 
R. A. Hettinga propagated:
good analysis.  It's the classic reason why any payment system is cursed as an antispam system.  That latency between value retrieval and propagation of that status is the real killer.  As you point out, a secondary killer is the number of queries one needs to make against a coin/stamp/check verifier.
now you get off to a good start
then you get way off-track, and when you mention VeriSign, you are way off in the poison ivy. :-)
one of the things we figured out how to do in the camram project is make changes in mail systems incremental so that you can introduce them one user at a time. This way, the change is incremental, organic, and user-friendly.
Like you, we see value in signing messages as a way at identifying non spammers.   However, for a variety of reasons, I don't trust a central authority to tell me who is not a spammer.  They can be corrupted, bought, need a new revenue stream and as a result, will sell certificates to spammers under the umbrella of "encouraging responsible e-mail advertising".  ya right, like my  ***k will get bigger if I buy the right pills.
We're taking the approach that who you know is more important than who says they are okay.  If you e-mail someone repeatedly and a e-mail you repeatedly then there is a good chance they are someone you will accept signed e-mail from. There are obvious exceptions such as your local phone or cable company but for the most part, the assertion holds because the vast majority of our e-mail is on a person-to-person or person to mailing list basis.  These are voluntary As a result, it should be possible to propagate public keys as part of each e-mail message.  If the key remains consistent and associated with the same address over time, then there is a sufficient level of comfort to accept messages verifiable by that public key in place of something more severe such as a stamp or coin.
This is one of the ways we implement the principle of "strangers cost, friends fly free".  By building a white list which tracks "who you know" and using white list by public key rather than white list by name, you end up with a more secure white list as well as a more useful one.
The end result of this approach is that you have a self organizing network of permissions allowing people to send each other e-mail.  When addresses change or keys get lost, it can be self repairing.  There's no central authority to sensor people if they say something that is "not acceptable".  It is also no central authority to break under the load.
when evaluating a change for an antispam system, ask yourself to question "who pays".  If you don't make the sender pay much more relative to the receiver, Spam will continue.
