
@_date: 2001-08-30 18:41:18
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: secure IRC/messaging successor 
Gale  seems a well thought out infrastructure. Is the
consensus "this is it", or have I missed any alternatives?

@_date: 2001-07-03 18:55:38
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Sender and receiver non-repudiation 
The more control you have over your machine, and the environment, the more
security you have. By hiding sensitive tasks into armored compartments you
can push this way further, making it sufficiently secure for all practical
But you are looking at a representation of a document, as rendered in the
frame buffer. If you're worried about your machine being compromised,
either use armored crypto hardware protected by clean
protocols/interfaces, or an air gap protected machine containing only the
barest OS essentials and crypto binaries, only transferring _passive_
(thanks to MS, it's essentially just plain ASCII) documents via
For practical purposes you would use a smart card with a crypto processor
on it. I personally think it would be interesting to see what can be done
with polymer/OLED frame buffers printed directly on the top of a deep
embedded, which does both video and crypto directly in the framebuffer
compartment, and only talks via a fast packet switched network to the rest
of the (wearable) computer. The less code and state is in there, the less
potential for exploits.

@_date: 2001-06-03 21:03:59
@_author: Eugene.Leitl@lrz.uni-muenchen.de 
@_subject: undersea taps 
Military intelligence folks have always been very adept in
playing with the press. By throwing a juicy sausage one after another into the kennel, you can keep the dogs chasing their own
tails indefinitely. (It's fun, too, unless you happen to be a dog).
Professional paranoia would seem to require to assume any disclosures about spooks' limitations and capabilities to be deliberately planted, attempting to hog limited resource (human attention span and mentation). An advanced sleight of hand, to distract your attention from what is really going on, so to speak.
(Pray pay no attention to the man behind the curtain).
Whether they're really tapping them, or not, and by whatever means,
the sane assumption is that everything that goes out in clear is stored for later analysis, if any.
The real issue, of course, is to get strong cryptography deployed
ubiquitously, so that anything intercepted will require considerable
resources (whether man in the middle (by no means academic, if you
control the bulk of the traffic), or breaking a cryptosystem),
and making mass screening for keywords (such as in this mail -- welcome to Echelon's database, email is low-bandwidth, and storage
is cheap these days) impractical.
ICBMTO  : N48 10'07'' E011 33'53'' 57F9CFD3: ED90 0433 EB74 E4A9 537F CFF5 86E7 629B 57F9 CFD3

@_date: 2001-06-03 23:26:12
@_author: Eugene.Leitl@lrz.uni-muenchen.de 
@_subject: undersea taps 
This does not follow. It's clearly pointless to store multimedia
streams, or even web access trails of persons (perhaps not too poinless,
if you pare down the set of targets to monitor), but email is the canonical case of low-bandwidth-high-content. Not too many people have email capabilities world-wide (as of yet, but the bulk of
my spam is in Chinese already), and given the limited input rate (how many hours/day do you do email? How much of this is effective text input?) it's perfectly possible (albeit a tad expensive, even given current hardware prices, but the spooks -- whether
budget being classified, or not -- *are* sufficiently lavishly funded) to capture and store at least the entire email traffic, world wide (weeding out redundancy like mail reflectors is a piece of cake, just filter out anything which' body hashes to same
number, just keep one body and a set of emails parsed from headers).
If you happen to become overwhelmed (doesn't appear likely, hard
drive array and robot tape library space is cheap, especially in quantities and for feds), you can fall back to keyword triggers, semantic analysis and/or a set of email addresses which are interesting (rest assured, you people here are all interesting alone by virtue of being on this list).
If they're not doing realtime fingerprinting, keyword and semantical
analysis and the usual warehousing I'd call them 1) stupid 2) criminally
negligent. Whatever they are, stupid they're not.
You have to titrate the professional paranoia at a level which makes you
still sufficiently operational while not opening too many angles of attack.
If this is a binary attachement, it can be stripped. If this is redundant
email (mailing list), it can be stored as a single instance (the spooks
should be actually selling spam protection services, they'd be hard to beat, unfortunately that would be showing their hand), and a list of recipients. I don't think I ever write more than 100 k plain ascii
email/day, usually a lot less. If extrapolated to other guys out there,
drinking from the firehose this is certainly not, and filtering for classes of traffic is cheap, especially if done in hardware. ASIC
arrays strike here.
How many people world-wide use email, half a billion? Most of them
never write an email daily. Even assuming 1 kByte of email person/day,
half a billion is piece of cake.
A modern PC cluster scales up to ~10 kNodes. Assuming each node
can store and process 100 GByte (a low figure, given modern
IDE drive density, soon to go up to one TByte/drive), you've got ~exabyte online, with full data warehousing capability, on a shoestring budget of a few 10 megabucks at best. Old traffic
is moved out to tape library, of course.
It is not rational to assume they're not doing it, as the capabilites are well within range.
ICBMTO  : N48 10'07'' E011 33'53'' 57F9CFD3: ED90 0433 EB74 E4A9 537F CFF5 86E7 629B 57F9 CFD3

@_date: 2001-05-14 17:41:47
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: forwarded message from tylera19@hotmail.com 
This is off-topic, but unless the message is entirely uniquely worded,
requiring semantic parsing (and some not so primitive AI to be able to
generate it), it still shows up on the radar screen by virtue of it being
spam (i.e. using advanced pattern matchers from bioinformatics on message
body instead of a simple cryptohash, ranking every email message vs.
every email message passing through a given ISP).
However, filtering is clearly the wrong solution. Whether they realize it
or not, spammers apparently press forward towards the end of free email. A
classical tragedy of the commons scenario: they'll ruin the fun for us and
themselves as well.

@_date: 2001-05-25 10:56:27
@_author: Eugene.Leitl@lrz.uni-muenchen.de 
@_subject: Tamperproof devices and backdoors 
If the tamperproof functionality is trapdoor activable, you ship
the device with tamperproof off, inspect it at leasure, then switch it
on. If it's passive, you'll get your die (deliberately large fabbing
process so you can use light microscopy, simple architecture). It could be
overwriting itself with zeroes when tampered with, activable by a trapdoor
switched bit. You could put a lead azide crystal over a die's critical component, and a largish capacitor, and let actively blow up itself (this is not
as scary as it sounds) when it detects a tampering condition (power out of bounds, pressure change, change in photonic flux (internal light source illuminating a mirrored cavity). Etc.
Btw, it is perfectly possible to power a device with a semiconductor
laser and do I/O with photonic pulses, so that people have
more trouble partially frying something via pins and or I/O, and
to make it lead bits. The photodiode at the other end would act as fuse if the flux goes too high.
Of course, it's best if you're the manufacturer. If I'm remembering
correctly, current plastic transistors can switch up to 4 MHz. The
inkjet circuit printing capabilities seem to make good progress, and
a minimal CPU can be implemented within <10 kTransistor (a Forth stack
CPU is one screenful of VHDL). No, I'm not making this up, you
can verify yourself by checking.
The CPU is too simple to hide anything in there if you expect the
layout (injet printed structures are pretty large by semiconductor
photolitho standards), and you designed the CPU yourself and the
program that drives the inkjet, and watch how it is deposited. A pretty useful Forth OS will fit into 2 kByte ROM, so you would probably just print the ROM with the program, and maybe a bit of your crypto code.
Less lunatic fringe and down to earth is: you buy an FPGA from a random
manufacturer, and download your FORTH CPU into the FPGA, including
crypto code. FPGA architecture is very orthogonal, judging from number
of cells on surface you can gauge whether there is some hidden state
sitting on the die (it helps if you need a shoehorn to fit it into
a given space, and let the code compute a cryptohash of itself, so
that you know that all of it is there).
If you keep it simple, and go back a couple generations of tech you
can be 99% that there are no easter eggs in there. Well, none but
those you put in yourself.
For most practical applications one would seem to have no choice.
While true, it is quite irrelevant for a very minimal embedded. With
really careful coding techniques you can contain the few bugs which might
be still remaining in there. I'm not saying I could do it, but there
are people I trust who could do it, and other people who I trust who
would take a look at the code, and pick it apart.
If anyone is sufficiently smart, you lose. For most values of sufficiently
smart this is luckily irrelevant.

@_date: 2001-05-25 23:20:11
@_author: Eugene.Leitl@lrz.uni-muenchen.de 
@_subject: Tamperproof devices and backdoors 
SOP pp. 5-7.
Unfortunately, I think here's another nucleus for future bloat growth,
and hence nooks and crannies to hide nasty nuggets.
It *is* more difficult, but why unnecessarily exposing attackable angles?
HF-tight packaging is another issue. Incidentally, tamperproof packages
with fiber optic I/O and power supply are extremely RF-silent, not susceptible
to EMP (of course, you have still protect the semiconductor laser
outside powering it as well as the external part of the system as a monocular display with drivers) and since you've got photonic coupling you can't analyze power fluctuations, so it is a far more opaque box. Plus galvanic separation, of course. It does really make a lot of sense, but I haven't seen any such system in the field yet. Chuck Moore (a lunatic twin of late Seymour Cray) makes interesting
excursions into minimalism. I think he has got lot to say, unfortunately
in an extremely personalized, quirky way. He doesn't care what people
think of him, nor seems he to be interested in eventually producing
a viable product but just runs around and having loads of fun. Essentially, he's bypassing the HDL level by using a roll-your-own silicon simulator (written in Forth, naturally, and running on the current
iteration of the stack CPU hardware he designs and tweaks stuff
at bare silicon level or only slightly above. He can afford so because he
can pack ridiculous amounts of functionality into a mere 12 kTranstor core, including analog I/O, high-speed networking and video (!). For instance, by tweaking the size of a critical (literally so) hot spot transistor he suddenly was capable to dramatically enhance the CPU clock while not
touching the rest. He doesn't advertize the current capabilities, but despite being forced to use obsolete fabbing processes for cost reasons (prototyping hardware is currently a very costly enterprise) his stuff seems to be very, very fast. For instance, he has made a counter
which uses a 1-wire keyboard, where the key pressed is detected by relativistic
TOF, in a process where this was supposedly impossible.
It would be a real shame if his set of skills would get lost, he's not exactly the youngest anymore. But he seems to be a rather difficult
fellow. I hope someone is looking over his shoulder, and taking notes.
I definitely think that -- provided inkjet circuit printers become available such extreme minimalism would be very useful for roll-your-own
deep crypto embedding. You sure can't hide anything in the hardware layer,
and you can read the OS (I've got a Novix 4k dev kit from mid-1980s, and it
came with the 2 kByte OS listing as printout -- you could read it as if was
a newspaper, and I don't even know Forth).

@_date: 2001-11-28 11:16:20
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: key logger (FBI or otherwise) 
Of course you use OS functions to access the file system. A virus at OS
level can cloak itself perfectly. You'd have to reboot from a certified
clean source (say, a write-protected Linux floppy) and then mount and
inspect the file system for unauthorized changes.

@_date: 2001-11-28 14:11:19
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: FBI-virus software cracks encryption wall 
Linux doesn't have a BIOS level so this approach wouldn't work. In fact
Linux can be used instead of a BIOS (LinuxBIOS), in case you don't trust
the BIOS (some viruses can write themselves into BIOS flash).

@_date: 2001-10-25 18:22:54
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] W3C last call on XML Encryption... (fwd) 
FYI, the W3C has issued a last call for comments on several
proposals related to XML encryption.  More info at:
  Since I know a good number of folks on this list are interested
in encryption and Internet communication, I thought I would pass
it along as it involves encrypting XML, much of which will no
doubt be passed across the Internet.
The specific documents are at:
  XML Encryption Requirements
          This document lists the design principles, scope, and requirements
     for the XML Encryption. It includes requirements as they relate to
     the encryption syntax, data model, format, cryptographic processing,
     and external requirements and coordination.
  XML Encryption Syntax and Processing
          This document specifies a process for encrypting data and
     representing the result in XML. The data may be arbitrary data
     (including an XML document), an XML element, or XML element
     content. The result of encrypting data is an XML Encryption element
     which contains or references the cipher data.
  Decryption Transform for XML Signature
          This document specifies the "decryption transform", which enables
     XML Signatures verification even if both signature and encryption
     operations are performed on an XML document.

@_date: 2002-02-28 08:54:18
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Interesting new cipher patent 
A question: assuming, you have a class of random number generators with
lots of internal state. (Lots: like >>10^6 bits). Let's say the evolution
through state space of that generator is provably reversible (or nearly
reversible), and that the Hamiltonian of the system is stochastic (system
evolution is a randomwalk in state space). The result is a pseudorandom
number generator with a ridiculously long periode, and good randomness of
output, obviously. A simple cypher based on it would exchange the
pseudorandom generator state (the key) through a secure channel,
similiarly to a one time pad.
Can someone point me towards papers describing construction of above
generators? I'm thinking about reversible cellular automata (is Gutowitz
the only guy who did CA crypto?) or automata networks with changing
connection geometry (i.e. the connection is also encoded in the state and
changes with each iteration) with the number of total iterations estimated
from lightcone considerations.
Point of this:
* algorithmic construction of PRNGs with provable properties
* lots of internal state, hence bit leakage even for a lot of messages
  buys attacker little
* scalable (add more state as hardware improves)
* directly mappable to hardware, very good parallelism
Any pointers?

@_date: 2002-01-06 12:41:47
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Hackers Targeting Home Computers 
A *very* bad idea. First, the traffic doesn't bother me, personally. In
fact, it creates a need to use more diverse, and more secure systems.
Secondly, building realtime pattern recognition and traffic blocking
capability is something certainly to be abused in future.

@_date: 2002-01-15 19:00:32
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop 
It requires sophistication to do MIM on a large scale. Active realtime
manipulation of traffic on the global scale is currently beyond the scope
of TLAs (but they're probably rather good at passive listening by now).
Especially, if the initial key exchange is cached, as there's temporal
constraints on the window of vulnerability.
It's not a minor point, and hence needs repeating.
Plus, web of trust mechanisms can always be added later. Rolling out
crypto on a massive scale (MUA-MTA, MTA-MTA, IM, P2P) is where's it's at.
[Moderator's note: This is simply wrong in a commerce situation. I
cannot emphasize that strongly enough. There are tools to assist in
doing MIM attacks out there, and doing it globally isn't needed --
doing it in front of one of amazon.com's ssl servers is what you need
to do, and there are few large installations out there without even a
single vulnerable machine. You need authentication to trust an
encrypted connection, and if you use a connection in commerce you need
to trust it. Even if your one transaction is low value a large site
puts through huge numbers of those low value transactions. --Perry]

@_date: 2002-01-27 21:51:29
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] Re: Looking back ten years: Another Cypherpunksfailure (fwd) 
anybody used that combo?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
begin Eugene Leitl quotation of Sun, Jan 27, 2002 at 09:22:57PM +0100:
How about gnome-o-phone over rtptunnel over ssh?  I know gphone is
packaged; don't know if rtptunnel is.
If that's acceptably fast it reduces the key management problem
to the previously solved (kind of) problem of ssh key management.
If you want someone to be able to call you, just add his or her
key to a special authorized_keys for a dial-in account.

@_date: 2002-03-02 19:45:18
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: Interesting new cipher patent 
I thought I mentioned the point of this in the passage you snipped; here
is it again:
* algorithmic construction of PRNGs with provable properties
* lots of internal state, hence bit leakage even for a lot of messages
  buys attacker little
* scalable (add more state as hardware improves)
* directly mappable to hardware, very good parallelism
I'm trying to create a scalable class of stream ciphers which at the
extreme end converge towards properties of an one time pad. I want them to
have provable properties (reversible CA, light cone reasoning; network of
cell with virtual connectivity), be algorithmically constructable and be
capable of ~TBps encoding bitrates, if implemented in hardware.
One time pads for TBit rate links are impractical. It would be interesting
whether such a small secret as ~1 MByte bitvector would create sufficient
security against sustained cryptoanalysis for a time window of operation
of about a decade. I haven't specified means of secret distribution, but
for high bit rates links the keys could be exchanged in plain (passive
attack, window of vulnerability during first link setup), via hardware
tokens/sneakernet (secure channel), via public-key methods (active MITM
attack), or installed during manufacturing/network setup (secure channel
Reversibility allows you to prove that there are no short attractor
cycles. (For near reversibility the proof would have to be probabilistic).
I'm describing an extreme case of a stream cypher, yes.

@_date: 2002-03-07 14:12:27
@_author: Eugene Leitl 
@_subject: The W3C has released XML Encryption Syntax and Processing 
Encryption, Decryption reach Candidate Recommendation
20:01, 6 Mar 2002 UTC | Simon St.Laurent
The W3C has released XML Encryption Syntax and Processing and Decryption
Transform for XML Signature as Candidate Recommendations, as well as a new
XML Encryption Requirements Note.
None of these documents appear to have changed substantially, and
expectations for further progress are high:
"The exit criteria for this phase is at least two interoperable
implementations over every feature, one implementation of all features,
and one report of satisfaction in an application context (e.g., SOAP,
SAML, etc.) Note, this specification already has significant
implementation experience which will soon be reflected in its
Interoperability Report. We expect to meet all requirements of that report
within the two month Candidate Recommendation period (closing April 25)."
Remaining issues for XML Encryption include performance and interaction
with validation. XML Decryption performance is also important, as is the
development of interoperable implementations. The Requirements Note, after
"minor changes... serves to document the agreed upon set of requirements
the specification will address."
Related stories:
XML Encryption moves to Last Call
New Encryption and Decryption drafts
XML Encryption Activity started by the W3C
