
@_date: 2001-10-10 22:17:16
@_author: Francois Grieu 
@_subject: Alleged use of stego - a new claim 
Quote: "A UK communications firm has unearthed coded messages on the
Internet which may be linked to Osama bin Laden."
or directly
Should we trust these claims ? I am most sceptic.
   Francois Grieu
[Moderator's note: I'm pretty skeptical myself. Actual evidence to
date of any use of high technology has been extraordinarily scant --
most recent rumor seems to have been started by overly imaginative
reporters. --Perry]

@_date: 2001-10-13 16:32:27
@_author: Francois Grieu 
@_subject: Alleged use of stego - a new claim (updated) 
On October 10, there has been press reports that a UK company, iomart, has unearthed coded messages on the Internet which may be linked to Osama bin Laden.
Most of the data used by the above articles seem to originate from Mr Stephen Whitelaw, depicted as both iomart's chief entrepreneurial officer and steganography expert. The report are very vague, the best I can get of his claims is
- American intelligence officers asked the firm to scan its 27 terabytes web database of  "inappropriate" material including - the search has identified hundreds of files, some of them containing Arabic text and dates (no claim of stego up to this point)
- the company's scan methods can detect data embedded using steganography
- enciphered data embedded using steganography is attributed to Osama bin Laden
- Osama bin Laden has been using steganography to send covert orders, and is still doing it.
The press reports do not depict Stephen Whitelaw as using conditional in  stating any of the above.
I am suspicious to the utmost:
- there is no claim the enciphered data was decoded, making it unclear how it was determined what it is.
- the whole mess is diluted in promotional talk.
- on October 10, 20:00 GMT, the front page of  mentioned the discovery, with link to the businessam article. On October 11, these are replaced by promotional material for an email virus filter.
- An article/biography on Stephen Whitelaw and his former company (recently acquired by iomart) leaves me with the impression his talk is especialy cheap.
I contacted ananova. Their story was written from information released
by or through the service of the London-based "Press Association"
(one service of which is to relay press releases). None of the two ananova
representative that kindly answered my mail claimed any checking was done.
One admitted "that the company's claims should have been addressed more
   Francois Grieu

@_date: 2002-04-24 07:23:40
@_author: Francois Grieu 
@_subject: Any info on this maybe improved matrix algebra for GNFS? 
Found the following at
"(..) The paper, written by Nicko van Someren, CTO of nCipher Corp., a
security equipment vendor based in Cambridge, England (..) discloses
that (..) a student researcher at nCipher recently developed a new
implementation of a factoring method known as the General Number Field
Sieve, or GNFS, which could be used to factor a 512-bit key in about
three weeks using an off-the-shelf server with an Intel Corp. Itanium
processor. The calculations the student performed using the server are
the second phase of the GNFS method.
Previously, this process was thought to be feasible only on much more
powerful computers, such as Cray supercomputers."
In a recent message, Nicko van Someren confirms:
Is there any info on the method used by this student to solve
the matrix algebra?
Is any novelty claimed beyond the technique used in
 "The program we used for this was optimized for running on vector
  computers, which is what CWI used for their record (RSA-155)
  factorization (..) We started to rewrite this program so that it
  would run better on the hardware available for us (..)
  Compaq generously let us use one of their quad processor
  ES40 systems. The total running time on this machine was 13 days,
  which is almost as good as the 16-processor Cray."
or to the one used in the recent
 "The block Lanczos algorithm produced 62 elements of the kernel of
  this matrix. This took two weeks on the six PCs on which the filter
  job was run."
  Fran?ois Grieu

@_date: 2002-08-27 09:51:47
@_author: Francois Grieu 
@_subject: Smartcard in CD 
Other issues:
- How compatible can it be with the zillion different models of CD/DVD-R+RW/Unamit drives and drivers around ? This will make or break market acceptance. Together with the power source, this was a big problem with devices emulating floppies (using 3.5" drives as SC reader), which I helped design in the 90's.
- What can be the thruoutput of the drive-to-OpSecure link ? The only way I can think of transmitting info in this direction is by seeking to a slightly different location on the CD and several photodetectors on the OpSecure. Seek times will limit the bandwidth to few bits per second. Caches on the drive will get into the way to suppress head movements. Read-without-cache do not exist on any drive (much less driver) that I know, and retrofiting the drive firmware or even driver won't happen, so the cache may have to be flushed by reading a lot of other data, and this will further reduce bandwidth. On the other hand, very few bits need to be transmitted (especially in this direction) for copy-protection purposes.
I'd rather bet on single-chip USB Smart Cards.
   Fran?ois Grieu

@_date: 2003-01-22 17:35:05
@_author: Francois Grieu 
@_subject: Verizon appeals gainst RIAA's DMCA subpoena 
Verizon appeals a court decision that it has to diclose one of its subscriber's identity following RIAA's claims that this subscriber illegally shared (or is it downloaded) copyrighted works.
Rationale for the appel includes that complying would "opens the door for anyone who makes a mere allegation of copyright infringement to gain complete access to private subscriber information without the due process protections afforded by the courts."
   Francois Grieu

@_date: 2003-06-19 14:13:51
@_author: Francois Grieu 
@_subject: Pre-cursor to Non-Secret Encryption 
The following seems like the right URL:
The Possibility of Non-Secret Encryption by J H Ellis (1970)
Fed with "Non-Secret Encryption" the search engine on the site gave 4 other (later) papers. Unfortunately, all are retyped, with added In particular X to the power N appears as X N.
A Note on Non-Secret Encryption by C Cocks (1973)
Thoughts On Cheaper Non-Secret Encryption by M Williamson (1976)
Non-Secret Encryption Using a Finite Field by M Williamson (1974)
The Story of Non-Secret Encryption by J H Ellis (1987)
  Fran?ois Grieu

@_date: 2003-03-06 18:58:48
@_author: Francois Grieu 
@_subject: Scientists question electronic voting 
Then there is the problem that the printed receipt must not be usable to determine who voted for who, even knowing in which order the voters went to the machine. Therefore the printed receipts must be shuffled. Which brings us straight back to papers in a box, that we shake before opening.
Every way I look at it, electronic voting has a hard time to match the resilience to abuse of the traditional    Francois Grieu
