
@_date: 2018-01-01 17:36:08
@_author: Mario 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hashgraph 
Hi Ismail; Paul and List Members All;
Althrough I am not a cryptographer not a lawyer such Hashgraph patent should be almost "procedural only" and hence I do not know how far it can go.
Anyone wishing to implenent a procedure that may remember patented features should ask for help, and perhaps we can handle it.
Creativity should not be stopped by smallprint.
All the best;
You're right Paul.
The patent is a very boring issue.
They ask to download their Java SDK and they want to "discuss the
pricing privately".
On Mon, Jan 1, 2018 at 7:44 PM, Phillip Hallam-Baker
About the "consensus of 2/3", I mean, they can provide the security up
to 1/3 malicious nodes.
From whitepaper on their site: (This is different than number of nodes
in this specific case; they talk about quantity of coins)
"... The system will be secure if no attacker can obtain 1/3 of the
total StakeCoin owned by all the participating members put together.
The ledger swirld will continue to function as long as 2/3 of the
StakeCoin is owned by members who participate and are honest."
I watched a video of their creators on youtube.
They claim that: "By having 1/3 malicious nodes, anyone can corrupt
any system, including Blockchain" but, they didn't give any reference
for their claims.
I am not advocating them. I just wanted to learn the ideas of group
members about that technology.
I think that, Blockchain was a good start, but I consider it as a
"Trojan horse of the banking system".
Because of its need of very high resources(both computational power,
storage and network), Blockchain will condemn us to central
authorities and this is contradictory to its reason of creation.
That's why, I am excited about "more democratic", "more decentralized"
As far as I understand, at least for the moment, Hashgraph can't give
us what it is promising to give. (Patent issue and (maybe also)
reliability issue).
Ismail Kizir
The cryptography mailing list
cryptography at metzdowd.com
