
@_date: 2001-06-04 00:38:52
@_author: Lenny Foner 
@_subject: NSA tapping undersea fibers? 
Date: Sat, 02 Jun 2001 01:21:32 -0400
    From: jsd at research.att.com (John Denker)
    OTOH, as I pointed out before, there are certain places where real zebras     can be found.  Africa is an example.  Why do you think AfricaONE has a     backbone that circles the continent offshore, plus separate drops for each     country, when it would have been vastly cheaper to go by     land?  Answer:  everybody thought that an offshore cable would be less     likely to be tapped by hostile powers.  (Each country can of course tap its     own drop, along the lines discussed above, but it can't so easily tap other     folks' signals on the backbone.)
My understanding of this, which could very well be wrong, was not
concern about tapping, but concern over damage.  It was deemed
unacceptable to have any one country possibly hold the entire cable
hostage to some demand, by threatening to cut it unless appeased.
Similarly, even the risk of accidental damage for an overland route
seems high, and again it risks everybody's cables just because one
country doesn't have the equivalent of Dig Safe, or happens to have a
problem with landmines and wars.
(Is there technology in existence that can usefully encrypt the entire
contents of such cables' data stream, end-to-end?  I would imagine
that it wouldn't be -that- hard to make a hardware-based 3DES
implementation that simply encrypts everything.  This means that any
tap must also contend with compromising keys, and we certainly
understand what's involved in keeping keys safe, and how intelligence
agencies can try to obtain them.  If such hardware isn't unreasonably
expensive, why -wouldn't- any given cable company use it?  It seems to
avoid a whole class of threat models---such as discouraging random
entities from destroying the cable due to a bungled tap, by making it
clear to them that they're going to have to keep stealing a constantly-
rotated bunch of keys as well in order to make the tap effective...)

@_date: 2001-06-04 12:55:49
@_author: Lenny Foner 
@_subject: tapping undersea fibers? 
So we now have at least two people who've confirmed my expectation,
namely that one can feasibly encrypt the entire cable.  (After all,
I know what's involved in making fast, special-purpose chips to do
varous sorts of digital operations, and this isn't any different.)
So it's quite clear that one can make very fast crypto hardware, and
given that I, like Honig, was thinking of multiplexing streams so you
don't have to handle the entire cable in one box, I was trying to
figure out if I had somehow missed something crucial.  Apparently not.
(Note also that you don't need the -fastest- crypto box(es) if 2 boxes
that run at half the speed cost you 1/10 as much, which is generally
the case.  What you need is a fast mux, but hey, you needed one of
those anyway to get the traffic onto the cable in the first place.
The mux doesn't know the bits are encrypted...)
Indeed, in the AfricaONE example, Denker has proposed that doing so
would have been vastly cheaper than laying a marine cable (although
I suspect that the political realities of the situation may actually
change that analysis---politics, corruption, and delays being what
they are, the marine cable may actually have been cheaper in terms of
its predictability in a changing world, despite the arguments about
rings and meshes---which may -still- be useful for landlocked areas).
So given this, why are we even having this conversation?  Why should
we not expect that companies running such cables would not routinely
encrypt?  After all, the crypto hardware is an absolutely negligible
part of the capital cost of laying the cable and the recurring
cost of running it.  I can see the obvious reasons:
o Political pressure from intelligence agencies not to
o Lack of customer demand for any improvement in security
o Fear that a key-management screwup could bring down stream(s)
  and make it look like an outage
o The assumption that someone will be stealing keys (or legally
  demanding them) and thus the crypto will be worthless anyway
It's a pity that someone with real operational experience is probably
under pressure from employers, and perhaps intelligences agencies, not
to tell us why.  All this talk of tapping the cables at all thus seems
insane, except for one apparent issue:  It's no skin off any cable
operator's nose if someone taps their customers' data.  If cable
operators' customers held the operator liable for data exposure,
they'd slap crypto on the links so fast your head would spin.  Once
again, it's a tragedy of the commons---entities that really care about
security do it end-to-end, and everyone else who hasn't thought about
it as hard, has a slightly different threat model, or cannot afford to
reenginer the world's infrastructure (e.g., encrypting telephones) is
forced to run wide open.
