
@_date: 2020-10-20 16:39:27
@_author: Francis Pouatcha 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Secret sharing for family members 
Confidentiality - can anyone read the data before they should?
Integrity - can the data be modified without detection?
Availability - could we lose the data?
I wouldn't rely on any kind of solid enough cryptographic algorithm or durable enough storage. Time is the enemy of all these properties. Adequate solution needs a procedure with a lot of rotation of everything, starting with the secret itself, crypto keys, storage, data, trusted  people, transparency logs.
Elaborate treatment of Shamir secrets deleted.
So what happened to the distribution of separate pieces of a Benjamin (or some pieces of a dissected puzzle) that it takes a minimum of m of n people to show their parts and confirm that they fit together?  Someone trusted has to hold the treasure, unless there is a very fancy lock ?.  Aren?t we over-thinking this problem?
A Benjamin Secret shall be
  *   either under the control of his delegated custodian (Attorney, Notary).
  *   or materializable by another quorum (loop). If there are 5 siblings, the Bejamin part could be reshared to a (4,3 secret sharing scheme)

@_date: 2020-09-24 10:51:24
@_author: Francis Pouatcha 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A naming and key distribution infrastructure for 
Even better with the country code. I would like to be addressed with my
phone number  .
Transparency can be achieved by documenting reassignment of phone numbers
in the merkle tree.

@_date: 2020-09-26 17:08:46
@_author: Francis Pouatcha 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A naming and key distribution infrastructure for 
For the mesh to work at scale, onboarding and discovery will have to build
on top of existing naming infrastructures (telephone, SMTP, banking, ...),
regardless of how spammy they are.
Let assume Alice (resp. Bob) is the mesh participant that can prove
possession of Alice's mesh record (public key).
If Bob has Alice's email contact entry named "alice at gmail.com", Bob wants
to use this to discover Alice's mesh record.
If Bob has Alice's phone contact entry named "+1-617-666-1234", Bob wants
to use this to discover Alice's mesh record.
If Bob knows Alice's bank account number (IBAN), he wants to use this to
discover Alice's mesh record.
The choice of which naming to trust is given to the participant initiating
discovery (Bob). This way, Alice can register her mesh record with
facebook, twitter, gmail, t-mobile...
MSP: Operators of Naming Infrastructures:
There are tons of naming schemes in use out there and each of them under is
the control of custodians. Gmail for alice at gmail.com, the bank for my IBAN,
the telco operator for my number. Even facebook for my facebook account
(DNS, ...). We call these custodians OPERATORS of naming schemes.
The custodian of each legacy naming infrastructure shall be able to adhere
to the mesh network and earn money with providing onboarding and discovery
The operator of Gmail can be paid for validating that alice is the
legitimate owner of alice at gmail.com.
The operator of Alice's bank account with IBAN "AD1400080001001234567890"
can provide a legitimate proof that Alice is the owner of that bank account.
MSP: Validators of Naming Schemes:
Beside operators of naming infrastructures, validators can be paid to
proceed with known validation schemes (even though less reliable than
operators based validation):
- A validator can check that Bob has read access to bob at gmail.com or
to +1-678-321-3454 by sending a challenge to those addresses and having Bob
provide that challenge.
- A validator can check that Bob has write access to bob at gmail.com or
to +1-678-321-3454 by having Bob send a given nonce to a provided address
using those addresses.
- A validator can check that Alice has read access to the bank account
with IBAN "AD1400080001001234567890" by transferring money to bank account
(with purpose code "challenge") and have Bob alice present that challenge.
- A validator can check that Alice has write access to the bank account
with IBAN "AD1400080001001234567890" by having alice transfer money to a
given bank account (providing a given purpose code "none")
Operator/Vendor Locking
I am not worried about operator locking because all names to record mapping
are registered in the discovery log (merkle tree). Migrating is also
simple. Bob can give up bob at gmail.com or to +1-678-321-3454 without any
fear. Bob simply has to have mapping invalidated in the discovery log.
Peer Validation of Naming Schemes (PeerPoP)
Beside relying on operators and validators for onboarding and discovery,
participants can use peer2peer validation schemes to prove association of
mesh records with given names. Alice's mesh client can wire money to Bob's
bank account and provide the given nonce to Bob's mesh client as a proof
the alice has write access to that bank account. This can be done as well
with phones, email, Whatsapp, ... We can call this Peer2Peer Proof of
Possession (PeerPoP).
Money is Spam Prevention
The best way of preventing spam in the mesh network is to have participants
pay for operations they initiate. Or have them sponsored by commercial
participants. A recipient of a message will always get paid for
receiving the message. The MSP of the recipient can also have a share of
the payment.
This is what we miss on today's email and telephone system. If i could get
paid for receiving an email or a spam call, i won't mind them!!!
I am also worried about privacy when it comes to public discovery log. I am
not sure we can solve that problem. If mesh implements money based spam
protection, and mesh allows participants to define the price of a message
they receive, we will solve the pam problem and care less about having all
naming records in the publicly available discovery log.
I am not worried about social inclusion as the recipient can use an
acknowledge message to return money to the legitimate sender.
On Sat, Sep 26, 2020 at 12:41 PM Phillip Hallam-Baker
