
@_date: 2007-01-13 03:32:59
@_author: Frank A Stevenson 
@_subject: Why AACS will fail 
I have just finished a positional paper holding the view that AACS,
Advanced Access Control System used for protection of HD recordable
media, will fail as an effective measure against unauthorized copying of
content. The argument is largely of an economical nature.
The document may be revised if questions and comments demands it. Any
feedback is welcome. In leu of a proper copyright notice, the article is
published on a creative commons licence where it mey be quoted in full
or in part, as long as reference is made to the author and the above link.
  Frank A. Stevenson

@_date: 2010-04-09 22:17:54
@_author: Frank A. Stevenson 
@_subject: Wikileaks video "crypto". 
There were some speculations around which crypto may have been broken
over at Bruce Schneiers Facebook page. Apart from some DES suggestions I
think the following comment was interesting:
Pete Grounds I would suggest that it was originally an encrypted DVB stream, similar
to what is used for pay tv. There is a history of the mil using this
tech, in fact the unencrypted feeds from those uavs was DVB with no
encryption. I would imagine that the crack was a brute forcing of the
key used for the CSA (common scrambling algo) bulk DVB cipher.
Yesterday at 10:45am
The cryptanalysis blurb is quoted out of context, as it only applies to
the stream cipher component. The cipher also has a block cipher
component used in CBC mode, which in combination with the aforementioned
stream cipher frustrates analysis quite a bit.
The major weakness seems to be that the key only has 48 bits of
effective entropy. So the major challenge in beraking CSA may very well
be to locate sufficient known plain text in the mpeg stream.

@_date: 2010-08-02 17:38:17
@_author: Frank A. Stevenson 
@_subject: GSM eavesdropping 
A quick list of bullet points on what is new here:
* 2TB (1.7 compressed) of GSM A5/1 rainbow tables have been created
* These tables leverage the fact that A5/1 suffers from "keyspace
convergence". After the initial 100 warm-up clockings, only 16% of the
keyspace remains valid.
* The rainbow tables only sample the converged space, such samples are
equivalent to sampling all of the on average 13 initial states that
converge to the sampled point.
* Efficient ATI GPU code has been written, that allowed us to compute
the tables in 8 "GPU months", and were effectively completed in just 4
weeks, using 4 computers and 850kWh of power.
* Depending on the random access speed of the storage medium, 64 bits
keys for a particular conversation can be cracked in minutes or seconds.
* We have made all software and the tables freely available.
Frank A. Stevenson

@_date: 2010-05-01 18:46:15
@_author: Frank A. Stevenson 
@_subject: A5/1 breaks with GPU and Rainbow Tables 
I hope the crosslinking is OK:
Time memory tradeoffs attacks against A5/1, the most commonly used
encryption in GSM, have been known for over a decade. But older
proposals were limited to period hardware. The tables would be a few
tens of gigabytes, and the precomputational effort were restricted to
100-1000 CPU years with PCs of the era. Consequently the plaintext
requirements were impractically high, typically several minutes of
The A5/1 TMTO project couples Rainbow tables with modern GPUs, and cheap
terabytes disks or fast flash storage, and gains leverage from "keyspace
compression", a side effect of "warming up" the lfsrs. Recently results
have been announced, in the form of keys recovered from test data,
together with dramatic reduction in preprocessing and plaintext
For instance 20 days computation on just one high end graphics card (ATI
Radeon HD 5970) seems to yield 4% chance of key recovery given a single
GSM frame (114 bits) of known plaintext. The tables will be computed to
a height of 2TB in a matter of months, reducing the plaintext
requirements to just a handful of GSM frames.
I should stress that the project has not made an actual intercept
coupled with a break of a GSM call yet. But given how few GSM frames
will be needed, this could be expected in the near term.
Frank A. Stevenson
