
@_date: 2016-07-09 11:57:49
@_author: g3upa9y4t9@snkmail.com 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Time(keeping) and Crypto-Economics 
An comments will be helpful.
Time(keeping) and Crypto-Economics
Bryant Joseph GILOT, MD CM DPhil MSc
Abstract. Economic systems with flexible monetary policies force the
evaluation of time as part of many economic decisions. Common time, defined
as the indefinite continued sequence of apparently irreversible events from
the past through the present and into the future, is used to compute the
time value of money. Until now, timekeeping has been based on predictable
astronomical events or by observing a defined number of repetitions of a
standard cyclical event. Such measurements of elapsed time are adequate
where monetary policy and inflation are unpredictable. In contrast,
crypto-economic systems possessing predictable monetary policies and
inflation are rigidly and directly related to a standard cyclical event
with a variable and unpredictable interval. This event, block creation, is
tightly bound to all crypto-economic events. The creation of blocks rather
than the interval between them is the fundamental unit of time when making
crypto-economic economic decisions. The comparison of cryptographic assets
not existing simultaneously requires the consideration of the total number
of blocks created between the existence of the first and the existence of
the second cryptographic asset. To facilitate decision making, a temporal
measurement system without the need for intercalation, reflective of
crypto-economic conditions, with standard nomenclature and with standard
enumeration is proposed in the form of a calendar and clock.
Here is a quick and dirty draft​ loosely related to the halving:
​Curious what you think?​
Somewhat esoteric or perhaps satirical, maybe confusing, but the
implications might be real.
Very rough, with a few omissions/mistakes, but gets the point across I
think??​ Obviously a work in progress!!
At the current Block Height of 419,992, the universal crypto-economic time
in standard numeric format is 0001:11:69:09:03:02
this is in the format YEAR:MONTH:DAY:HOUR:MINUTE:SECOND.
See attached PDF.
Using the universal crypto-economic time standard permits the simple
computation of elapsed crypto-economic time between any two arbitrary
blocks in the longest chain reflective of the changing crypto-economic
conditions between the two arbitrary blocks.
Below is a proof of existence of the pdf generated at
 using the cert attached below
