
@_date: 2001-06-22 17:32:12
@_author: James M Galvin 
@_subject: crypto flaw in secure mail standards 
But there isn't a flaw in secure e-mail, just a missing service.
To put it another way, Don has identified the difference in what
non-repudiation frequently means to an engineer/technologist and what it
means to a lawyer/business.  The missing element is "timeliness".
Public key cryptography, or naive signing as Don was calling it, does
not in and of itself solve the non-repudiation problem.  It is certainly
an assertion as to the origin of whatever is signed but it asserts
nothing regarding the context of whatever is signed, of which timeliness
is essential.
I'd have to go back and look to be sure but it seems to me we got this
distinction right in our email standards; we were careful to state that
the signature identifies the origin of the message and that is all.
That hardly makes our secure email protocols *flawed*, although perhaps
they are easy to use incorrectly.  On the other hand, they all talk
about the object to be signed, which could just as easily be the entire
original message instead of just its content, which assuming suitable

@_date: 2001-06-25 10:48:50
@_author: James M Galvin 
@_subject: crypto flaw in secure mail standards 
The digital signature laws I've seen don't mention and don't support
    the notion of "non-repudiation", which seems to be an obsession
    among computer security people and a non-issue among legal
    people. The idea that something is "non-repudiable" or unarguable or
    unavoidable is nonsense. I use it as a clue detector - if someone
    talks about non-repudiation, they don't know much about US contract
    law.
My clue is just fine, but thanks for your concern.  Last time I checked
my favorite desktop dictionary to repudiate meant to reject as
unauthorized, you know, not a party to the contract.  Non-repudiation
would mean I can't reject it as unauthorized, you know, that I can not
say I am not party to the contract.  Would you please explain to me how
whether or not I am in fact an actual party to the contract has nothing
to do with US contract law?
Non-repudiation is not a legal concept in and of itself (and I never
said it was), but it is important to any lawyer who has to deal with any
dispute involving electronic information (which is what I meant although
perhaps not as well stated before).  It is a security service that is
important if not essential to electronic transactions that are
vulnerable to legal disputes (perhaps more so in the US than anywhere
else, but hey I'm not a lawyer so don't ask me).  It would also be fair
to say it is more important today than it was 12 years ago, when PEM was
first getting popular (for as popular as it got).  For that reason, Don
can call it a "flaw" if he wants to, but I prefer to think of it as the
"next bite" of the secure email problem which we could reasonably do
something about; it's certainly not a hard problem technically or a huge
oversight that got no attention at the time.

@_date: 2003-03-28 16:54:10
@_author: James M Galvin 
@_subject: Run a remailer, go to jail? 
No way.  The phrase "flatly ban" is overstating the words in the actual
They both require that the use of such technologies be for the purpose
of committing a crime.  Law enforcement would still have to show intent,
which is as it should be.
If take the point of view in the essay to its logical conclusion then
mailing lists and in some configurations the use of PGP, S/MIME, or VPNs
would be illegal also.
Maybe states are colluding to outlaw encryption?  Now that would be
creative on the part of whoever started this bill process.
    Date: Fri, 28 Mar 2003 13:10:56 -0500
    From: perry at piermont.com (Perry E. Metzger)
    To: cryptography at wasabisystems.com
    Subject: Run a remailer, go to jail?
        Quoting:
            Here is one example of the far-reaching harmful effects of
            these bills. Both bills would flatly ban the possession, sale,
            or use of technologies that "conceal from a communication
            service provider ... the existence or place of origin or
            destination of any communication".
    --
    Perry E. Metzger		perry at piermont.com
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
    The Cryptography Mailing List
    Unsubscribe by sending "unsubscribe cryptography" to majordomo at wasabisystems.com
