
@_date: 2019-04-17 14:49:04
@_author: Garlo Nicon 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin - closing the coin 
Many times you can read that the Genesis Block is the first block.
However, when you look at "previous hash" field it is filled with
zeros. And each new block has more and more leading zeros, as
difficulty grows. Is it possible that in the future difficulty will be
very high and miners will create block filled with all zeros? Then,
this new block will become previous to Genesis Block, making the whole
block chain a ring like a snake head eating his tail. Will it be
possible to add any new block then?

@_date: 2019-01-23 02:45:19
@_author: Garlo Nicon 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How does bitcoin find if a transaction output 
"How does the validator figure out if one of the transaction outputs
has already been used?"
"Is there a global and canonical lookup mechanism for the mutable
state that is a defined part of the protocol, or could each peer
implement its own custom idiosyncratic magic mechanism?"
The second option. As long as nodes sharing more than half computing
power are honest and producing the same results, the whole network is
considered honest.
"How do the peers know they all have the same mutable state?"
They do not have, because not all of them are collecting everything.
There are two types of nodes: full nodes and light nodes. Only full
nodes are checking everything from genesis block to present. Light
nodes trust other peers that there is some point when they can "throw
away earlier blocks". Each light node can choose that point
differently, but sooner or later they find out they need some
transactions placed in that "earlier blocks". In this case they can
either download missing blocks and validate transaction by themselves
or trust other peers and skip that transaction.
"Do they have a checksum for the mutable state at block X?"
Internally they can do everything to improve performance, as long as
they generate results accepted by the network.

@_date: 2019-01-24 02:17:46
@_author: Garlo Nicon 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How does bitcoin find if a transaction output 
"how does verification work?"
Each node collects transactions and decides on its own if it will be
included in the new block or not.
"what if the node that won the block mine Didn't do that work"
If the community accept incorrect transaction, it will be accepted. It
is just very simple computing-power-based voting and validating
everything, nothing else.
"we Wait until 'someone else' finds the mistake? then what?"
If some node finds the mistake, it rejects that block. If nodes
sharing more than half computing power reject it, all future blocks
from that point will be rejected. But if not, then fixing this mistake
will be harder and harder, because each new block adds one more
"who the heck checks if the verifiers checked?"
"where's the procedure to assure it's correct?"
"who verifies Contracts?"
"who verifies ACLs for blockchain DBs?"
Nobody checks it, there is no procedure. It is just like voting in
democracy. The community is voting and if they approve something, it
will be approved. If not, the chain can be hard-forked between two
groups of nodes: accepting something or rejecting it. The longest
chain always wins, but if another chain is still getting longer and
longer, it is sooner or later called altcoin.
