
@_date: 2001-07-08 15:06:20
@_author: Grant Bayley 
@_subject: Australian government says CoE Cybercrime Convention DOES confer 
Just a followup about this proposed legislation, the following mailing
list has been set up to discuss it, the GAK issues raised above, as well
as to discuss submissions to the Senate Legal and Constitutional
Committee inquiry.  To join, send an empty email to:
(There's also a digest version (2600-law-digest-subscribe at wiretapped.net)
but the traffic is only fairly light at present. (maybe not for much
Information about the Senate Legal and Constitutional Committee inquiry is
located at:
Written submissions must be made by 20th July, 2001, and public hearings
are being held in Sydney on 19th July and in Canberra on 9th August.
2600 Australia has prepared an initial response to the second reading
speech at the following URL, and will be making an official submission in
due course:
Hope this is of interest,

@_date: 2001-07-24 17:01:40
@_author: Grant Bayley 
@_subject: 2600 Australia Cybercrime Bill 2001 Inquiry Submission 
2600 Australia would like to announce the public release of its
submission to the Australian Senate Legal and Constitutional Legislation
Commitee inquiry into the provisions of the Cybercrime Bill, 2001.
(This release has been authorised by the Secretary to the Committee as at
24th July, 2001)
Included here is the Executive Summary:
a. 2600 Australia believes the term "cybercrime" is so broadly defined
   and so frequently misdefined that legislation such as the Cybercrime
   Bill, 2001 will fail to achieve the desired result if only through
   failure to address some issues and through the addition of unnecessary
   complexity to existing laws.
b. 2600 Australia believes that a number of parts of the Cybercrime Bill,
   2001 place in grave danger the robust debate, discussion and
   disclosure that the computer security industry relies so heavily upon.
c. 2600 Australia believes that a number of parts of the Cybercrime Bill,
   2001 will unintentionally place a significant number of computer
   security industry professionals at risk because of poorly defined or
   overly broad definitions of certain acts, objects and intentions.
d. 2600 Australia believes that a number of parts of the Cybercrime Bill,
   2001 place in grave danger the common law privilege against self
   incrimination.
e. 2600 Australia believes that an alternative response to the perceived
   threat of "cybercrime" is required, including but not limited to
   additional training for law enforcement, more rigorous ACCC scrutiny of
   security claims made in respect of products and services and the
   formation of a national body to oversee computer security matters.
f.  For these reasons and others as discussed below, 2600 Australia canot
    support the passage of the Cybercrime Bill, 2001 in its current or any
    substantially similar form.
Grant Bayley

@_date: 2001-09-13 16:50:27
@_author: Grant Bayley 
@_subject: DES cracked by teenagers? 
Anyone else think this sounds like an older machine with DES crypt()
passwords and a downloaded copy of John The Ripper?

@_date: 2001-09-21 08:27:00
@_author: Grant Bayley 
@_subject: <nettime> "Pirate Utopia," FEED, February 20, 2001 
It's a shame that Niels Provos, one of the main developers of open-source
Steganography software at the moment wasn't able to detect a single piece
of information hidden steganographically in a recent survey of two million
images...  Sort of destroys the whole hype about the use of it by
criminals.   Details on the paper below:
Detecting Steganographic Content on the Internet
Niels Provos and Peter Honeyman
Steganography is used to hide the occurrence of communication. Recent
suggestions in US newspapers indicate that terrorists use steganography to
communicate in secret with their accomplices. In particular, images on the
internet were mentioned as the communication medium. While the newspaper
articles sounded very dire, none substantiated these rumors. To determine
whether there is steganographic content on the Internet, this paper presents
a detection framework that includes tools to retrieve images from the world
wide web and automatically detects whether they might contain steganographic
content. To ascertain that hidden messages exist in images, the detection
framework includes a distributed computing framework for launching dictionary
attacks hosted on a cluster of loosely coupled workstations. We have analyzed
two million images downloaded from eBay actions but have not been able to
find a single hidden message.
