
@_date: 2013-12-04 17:05:48
@_author: Devin Reade 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Kindle as crypto hardware 
Quoting Phillip Hallam-Baker :
I was researching various hardware for a similar purpose recently and
came across the Pandora:
One thing that I like about it is the lack of a cell connection.
It still has wifi, which may be good or bad, depending on your
A quick perusal doesn't show a hardware RNG, but it looks like
there's other hardware on it that may be suitable for entropy-gathering
(without wanting to continue to flog that particular horse).
At over 400 euros, though, it may not satisfy your "cheap enough"
criteria, though, depending on where your pain point is.

@_date: 2013-12-24 22:01:55
@_author: Devin Reade 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Can we move this list to an online forum please? 
I strongly disagree with this and intensely dislike forums.  I have the
displeasure of using them in a number of professional contexts
and find them *much* less useful than a mailing list.
- Rather than receiving email when there is actually traffic, in order
  to keep current I have to remember to go visit that particular forum.
  If its something with regular traffic then one *may* be in the habit
  of visiting that forum every day, however if it is bursty then there is
  tendancy to forget about the forum for a while in times of low traffic,
  only to find that you are all of a sudden beind by hundreds of messages.
- A quick check of my inbox hierarchy shows that I'm subscribed to   about 50 different technical mailing lists.  Why should I have to
  go and visit 50 different web sites on a regular basis just to   wade through a high latency web interface to try to see what's
  new and interesting?  Using a mail client gives me *local*, low-latency
  access to that data using my client of choice.
- The search features of my mail client and server far out-perform
  the browse/search functionality of most forum software that I've
  been forced to use.  Not to mention being faster.
- I happen to *like* that this mailing list is moderated.  It significantly
  improves the signal-to-noise ratio.  Forums are not without their   spam problems, either.  If you prefer unmoderated discussions, they
  exist elsewhere.  (Aside:  Thanks, moderators, for your ongoing
  efforts.)
- Moderation not only reduces the amount of cruft, but also keeps us on
  topic.  I would really prefer that this not degrade into a bunch of
  posts on "what does it mean when my web browser says it doesn't trust
  a site" or "how can I hack ?"
Speaking as someone who has run email lists for years and also
on occasion acted as a forum moderator in a number of contexts,
I find email lists are less work on both the administration and
moderation side.
[Note:  While some of the following may sound harsh, it is not intended
as a personal attack.]
Approvals usually happen within hours.  In a moderated forum, I do not see that as a problem, and again I'd prefer moderation to a Try an email client that is smart enough to understand threads.
The only time there is a problem is when someone hijacks a thread,
and using a web forum won't help you there.
I prefer content to flash.  I consider this a professional
information source, not Facebook.  Who needs 'likes' and such?
It aint' broke.  Don't "fix" it.

@_date: 2013-10-21 04:39:25
@_author: Devin Reade 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Mail Lists In the Post-Snowden Era 
At the risk of stating the obvious, going to an anonymized list
is not without its own problems.  One big part of the usability of
many mailing lists involves the reputation of the poster.  Take
this list for example:  I am not a cryptographer (I'm a software
architect and developer).  I've found the conversations on this
list interesting and it gives me things to think about in the
design and implementations of my own systems (and those of my
So what's the difference between this list and some arbitrary
list full of crackpots?  Here, if there is an argument that I
can't quite follow in sufficient detail to satisfy myself, one
option is to examine other sources with respect to the posters
and the topics at hand, and how they are considered by other
publicly-known cryptographers.  It's not the the best, but it
An analog exists, at least to some extent, on other mailing
As an aside, on a public list or bulletin board (anonymous or not)
I would be surprised if there is not software in existence that
could correlate poster's mannerisms against publicly available
non-anonymized postings to in effect de-anonymize the supposedly
anonymous postings with a reasonable degree of accuracy.

@_date: 2013-10-21 18:37:16
@_author: Devin Reade 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Mail Lists In the Post-Snowden Era 
My comment had nothing to do with any state's ability to ID people.
It has to do more with peer review. If I'm trying to evaluate
ideas and opinions within my own fields of expertise, I can do it
on my own.  If I'm trying to evaluate something outside my own field,
I'm more dependent on the experts in that field, how their peers
evaluate those ideas, and ultimately the reputation of the related
parties.  While I concede that reputation can be built for any
arbitrary avatar over time, without links back to the Real World
that reputation will be harder and take longer to build.
"Confusing" and "comfy" is irrelevent, as is whether or not one is
stateside (I'm not). That aside was questioning, in light of a
determined anagonist, whether it is even really possible to retain
anonymity on mailing lists if one posts a significant amount of
content in both worlds, by whatever name. By extension, this is
questioning the value of an anonymous mailing list at all (assuming
your antagonist is able to get the cleartext).

@_date: 2015-06-18 09:21:31
@_author: Devin Reade 
@_subject: [Cryptography] password fatigue;  was: Lastpass 
This.  Emphatically.
I follow the "one password, one system" model, so like many people
here I have far too many to memorize and rely on recording random
passwords in a safe place.
I used to use an encrypted password app on a mid-generation PalmOS
device.  I used it up until about a year ago, long after PalmOS was
considered dead for main reason that not only did it not have cellular
capability, but it didn't even have 802.11; you had to sync it with
a USB cable.  Alas, it was showing signs of pending hardware death,
and it had been getting harder and harder to sync it reliably (few
people do regression testing for obsolete software supporting obsolete
I would love to see a minimal piece of hardware, no bigger than a
modern phone, with a screen and real keys (think Blackberry), with
no cellular hardware and, if it has 802.11 hardware at all, has a
physical switch to disable it.  An open-spec piece of hardware that
is able to run a verifiable piece of software like OpenBSD.  Something
that could go to fully-off to running in some small number of seconds,
and that didn't lose data when the batteries are exhausted.  (The Palm
device would lose everything if you didn't keep it charged; that was
it's biggest problem.)
The OpenPandora seems a step in the right direction, except that it's quite a bit
larger (like a Nintendo 3DS rather than a phone).  Good to throw in
a briefcase or backpack, not so much for a pocket.
Ah, if wishes were fishes ...
Note the above assumes a continued model of relatively short passwords
that a user can transcribe from the password keeper to the system in use.
With long random passwords or OTP, being able to transfer data under
user control (like the Yubikey) would be nice, however I don't like
needing to haul around a laptop so that I can read a set of credentials,
should the need arise.

@_date: 2015-09-19 11:34:21
@_author: Devin Reade 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Comey: targeted ads => plaintext access 
Not for web browsers or email, but for a related technology that tries to do this have a look at the Technology link at .
Stakeholders are:
1. The user who has no control over the set top box innards
2. The vendor which provides the software
3. The broker (such as a cable company) which owns the hardware and sells advertising slots to the advertisers
4. The advertiser
The key pieces are:
1. Detailed info about the user's viewing habits doesn't leave the set top box. The broker controls when the firmware gets loaded, but can't modify the firmware without reverse engineering things
2. Boxes report what ads they played but not why
3. The broker and the advertiser only ever see anonymous aggregate data (the broker has no visibility into the vendor's server software, either). Billing to the advertiser is based on this data. 4. The vendor has no access to the production system; there's no "phone home"
5. The vendor prohibits both the broker and the advertiser (through technical means) the ability to target a set of criteria that would result in too few households in a particular "bucket", in an attempt to keep individual targeting criteria from being derived. No, it's not foolproof. Everything is proprietary and you're assuming good faith on the part o

@_date: 2015-09-19 11:43:15
@_author: Devin Reade 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Comey: targeted ads => plaintext access 
(Thick fingers on small screens; hit send too soon)
Continuing my previous message which is waiting in the moderation queue:
It's not foolproof but it does show that some are at least trying to provide a pragmatic approach to user privacy. It assumes no collusion between parties and won't satisfy people's tinfoil concerns. But it does show one of the approaches that industry is using. Disclosure: I worked for those guys many years back. At the time we seemed to be the only ones in the market that *wanted* to protect consumer privacy. Also, all of the details provided are public info. Obviously I'm glossing over detail.

@_date: 2016-04-13 21:25:21
@_author: Devin Reade 
@_subject: [Cryptography] network encryption/authentication without 
Technology survey time ...
I'm looking at a distributed system where all nodes are under the
administrative control of one organization, and the node count is
sufficiently small that using PSK for authentication would not be
an administrative burden.  What *would* be an administrative burden
is the maintenance of a CA and the consequent certificates.  I'm
interested in what options exist that would allow a PSK type of
setup (or one with similarly low maintenance overhead after initial
setup) and that offer both TCP session encryption and authentication.
I see that RFC 5054 describes TLS with SRP instead of certificates
and conceptually at least that sounds ideal.  However, I see that
libressl has ripped out support for SRP from their code base which
makes me think that either there are known vulnerabilities with the
protocol or that it was generally never used.
What options exist for this type of model while minimizing the
roll-your-own aspect? (Or alternately, are there reasons why this model
should not be considered?)
The target language is C/C++.  I'm interested in application-to-application
authentication rather than host-to-host like IPSec.
