
@_date: 2002-05-13 08:42:06
@_author: Greg Troxel 
@_subject: Quantum crypto broken? 
Quantum Key Distribution involves a step called "Privacy
Amplification", which is essentially hashing down the bits that were
received to a smaller number to account for the possibility that an
eavesdropper knows some of them.  The essential point is that the two
parties must estimate the amount of information that could have been
gained by an eavesdropper; errors are one component of this estimation
process.  Another component is the probability that the "single
photon" sent was really more than one photon --- typical "weak
coherent" links send multiple photons signifcantly often.
It is important to realize that eavesdropping is a probabilistic
operation --- when an attacker who measures a photon and retransmits
it there is some probability (as much as 50% in a noise-free system)
that no error will be induced.  (Essentially, this happens when the
attacker's choice of basis matches the sender's choice of basis.)
Thus, there can be no absolute guarantee of security, only probability
bounds.  This is really no different from traditional cryptography, as
an attacker has a 1 in 2^1024 chance of guessing a 1024 bit RSA key
with a trivial strategy.
Slutsky et al discuss the issue of deciding how many bits to hash down
in the context of desiring to bound the probability that an attacker
will have gained some amount of information about the bits that remain
after privacy amplification.  Slutsky's paper can be found at
  See reference 11 for a discussion of privacy amplification.
This paper addresses "individual attacks", in which a probe interacts
with each photon and then a measurement is made on the probe.
"Collective" and "joint" attacks in which multiple (sequential)
photons are measured together are more complicated.
        Greg Troxel

@_date: 2003-09-24 08:34:57
@_author: Greg Troxel 
@_subject: Can Eve repeat? 
I'm curious on one point of terminology - my understanding
  of the term "EVE" was that she could not be active, and
  could not repeat.  Is this defined anywhere?
In Quantum Cryptography, Eve is allowed to not only observe, but also
transmit (in the quantum world observing modifies state, so the notion
of read only doesn't make sense).  Also, Eve is typically accorded
unlimited computational power.
So, you can think of the QC Eve as the classical Mallory with infinite
A consequence of the infinite CPU assumption is that ciphers like AES,
hash functions like SHA-1, etc. are all considered useless by the
purist QC community.  Thus, people talk about doing authentication
with families of universal hash functions.  This has the practical
problem that the original (courier-transported) secret keying material
for authentication is used up, and the typical scheme talked about is
using some of the agreed-upon QKD bits to replenish the authentication
keying material.  This does not seem very robust.  Note that the press
release completely ignored all of these hard problems :-)

@_date: 2003-09-24 08:54:24
@_author: Greg Troxel 
@_subject: quantum hype 
I'm always stuck on that little step where Alice tells Bob what basis
  she used for each photon sent.  Tells him how?  They need integrity
  protection and endpoint authentication for N bits of basis.  Is the
  quantum trick converting those N bits to N/2 privacy-protected bits
  really as exciting as it's made out to be?
They need integrity and data origin authentication, but not
confidentiality.  This is what is referred to as the "public channel"
in QC papers.  The standard approach (in papers) is to use universal
hashing.  This is just math, with no quantum aspects.  But, it enables
authenticating an arbitrarily long string of bits with a single key,
just like one can MAC a long message with HMAC-SHA1.
The difference is that because of the hash construction there are two
key property changes from an HMAC such as used in IPsec:
  One can prove that the odds of a forgery are vanishingly small (1 in
  $2^{n-1}$ for n bit keys, or something like that), even with an
  adversary with infinite computional power.
  You can only use the key once (or perhaps twice).  Otherwise, an
  adversary can recover it.  This results in needing a constant stream
  of authentication keying material.
Whether these two properties are a good tradeoff from HMAC in practice
for any particular situation and threat model is an interesting
See "Universal Classes of Hash Functions", by Carter and Wegman,
Journal of Computer and System Sciences 18, 143-154 (1979) for the
canonical paper on universal hashing.

@_date: 2003-09-26 09:10:05
@_author: Greg Troxel 
@_subject: Can Eve repeat?  
That's pretty much what I was talking about when I said that it may be
  possible to clone an arbitrarily large proportion of photons - and that
  Quantum Cryptography may not actually be secure.
A key point is the probability that the measurement/cloning operation
has of disturbing the original state.  Errors at the receiver are
assumed to be the result of eavesdropping.  The current canoncial
paper on how to calculate the number of bits that must be hashed away
due to detected eavesdropping and the inferred amount of undetected
eavesdropping is "Defense frontier analysis of quantum cryptographic
systems" by Slutsky et al:
  (I don't want to take a position on whether cloning is or isn't
possible - that's way out of my area of expertise!)

@_date: 2005-07-14 09:41:50
@_author: Greg Troxel 
@_subject: ID "theft" -- so what? 
I agree that legislative changes are necessary, but I think they are
fairly small.   Consider the following:
  Alice is a model citizen with a good credit history
  Bob "steals Alice's identity" by finding out semi-public static
  information
  Bob gets a loan from Charlie under Alice's identity, where Charlie
  transfers something of value to Bob and records a debt from Alice.
Here, Bob has committed a crime, and this being a crime isn't
controversial.  Until this point, Alice hasn't really been harmed
unless she tries to interact with Charlie herself.
  Charlie tries to collect from Alice, or
  Charlie reports that Alice owes a debt to a third party, or
  Charlie reports that Alice is in default to a third party.
In my view, _Charlie_ has comitted a tort against Alice because he has
been negligent (or at least incorrect) in issuing credit.  If Charlie
has decided to issue credit with minimal checks because the business
benefit of that is more than the fraud losses (similar to our credit
card system today), then it's only fair for Charlie to cover the full
burden to Alice, including all the effort of cleanup.  If Charlie
isn't being careful to the some degree, so that such incidents are
rare, triple damages are probably in order.  Even if Charlie is very
careful, actual damages should be paid.
A reasonable penalty for Charlie might be on the order of $1000
statutory damages plus $100/hr for any time over two hours Alice has
to spend dealing with the issue, plus any legal fees incurred if any
problems remain 30 days after the first report.  This puts the onus on
Charlie and the reporting systems will quickly adjust to enable
Charlie to withdraw the incorrect report completely and quickly.
Of course, Charlie should be able to recover all of his own costs, as
well as payments to Alice, in triplicate from Bob.
Many credit issuers willfully conduct their business with the
knowledge that this will occur.  So, as I see it the basic problem is
not one of security, but the fact that credit issuers etc. impose
costs on innocent third parties and get away with it.

@_date: 2007-06-25 20:23:14
@_author: Greg Troxel 
@_subject: Quantum Cryptography 
It would be good to read the QKD literature before claiming that QKD is
always unauthenticated.
The generally accepted approach among the physics crowd is to use
authentication with a secret keys and a universal family of has
It's not if you care about perfect forward secrecy and believe that DH
might be broken, and can't cope with or don't trust a Kerberos-like
scheme.  You can authenticate QKD with a symmetric mechanism, and get
PFS against an attacker who records all the traffic and breaks DH later.
  for a citation and
  for text, for a discussion of a system that uses regular IKE and AH to
authenticate the "control channel" and uses the resulting bits to key
ESP with AES or a one-time pad to get PFS against a DH-capable attacker.
This all ran on NetBSD over 3 sites in the Boston area for several
There are two very hard questions for QKD systems:
 1) Do you believe the physics?  (Most people who know physics seem to.)
 2) Does the equipment in your lab correspond to the idealized models
    with which the proofs for (1) were done.  (Not even close.)
Because of (2) I wouldn't have confidence in any current QKD system.
The one I worked on was for research, to address some of the basic
systems issues, because the physics community concentrates on the
physics parts.
I am most curious as to the legal issue that came up regarding QKD.
