
@_date: 2006-05-17 14:05:06
@_author: George Danezis 
@_subject: IPICS summer course in Computer Security 
Call for Participation
Intensive Program on Information and Communication Security
IPICS 2006 Summer Course
17-28 July 2006, K.U. Leuven, Belgium
Special Focus: Privacy Technology (26-28 July)
IPICS is a two week long summer school intended for final year
undergraduate students, master students and starting PhD candidates, as
well as those in the private sector, that wish to learn about the
foundations of computer and communication security. IPICS takes the
format of a two week course, taught by internationally renowned
researchers and experts.
The special theme this year is "Privacy Technology", with 3 days
especially devoted to it. The special privacy course will cover:
* Introduction, by the father of Privacy Technologies,
  David Chaum
* Identity management and privacy
  Marit Hansen (ICPP, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany)
* Anonymous credential systems and e-cash
  Jan Camenisch (IBM Z?rich, Switserland)
* Election schemes
  Peter Ryan (Newcastle University, U.K.)
* Privacy policies, languages and applications
  Simone Ficher-H?bner (Karlstadt University, Sweden)
* Location privacy and mobile devices
  Kai Rannenberg (Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany)
* Anonymous communications
  Dogan Kesdogan (Technical University of Aachen, Germany)
* Privacy public policy, law and economics
  Jos Dumortier (Katholieke Universiteit Leuven - ICRI, Belgium)
Other topics will include:
* Introduction to security and course overview (Bart Preneel, KU Leuven),
* Computer crime and abuse (Nathan Clarke, Plymouth),
* Business continuity planning (Gerald Quirchmayr, Vienna),
* Cryptology (Bart Preneel, KU Leuven),
* Authorization and access control (G?nther Pernul, Regensburg),
* PKI and PMI (Javier Lopez, Malaga),
* Biometry (Pim Tuyls, KU Leuven),
* Network Security (Sokrates Katsikas, Greece),
* Cybercrime Investigation (Ahmed Patel),
* RFID Security (Karl Posch, T.U.Graz),
* Electronic commerce (Keith Martin, Royal Holloway),
* Smart cards (Helena Handschuh, Spansion, France),
* Trusted computing (Klaus Kursawe, Philips Eindhoven),
* Secure hardware (Lejla Batina, Nele Mentens, KU Leuven),
* eID cards (Danny De Cock, KU Leuven),
* Security of C and C++ programs (Yves Younan, KU Leuven)
(Full program at:
 Registration is FREE for students. Academics are charged (150 euros) and
industry participants are charged 500 euros for L-SEC members or 650
euros for non-members.
We ask those interested to register as soon as possible, and before July
7th at:
 (Industry:)
A limited supply of accommodation is available through KU Leuven, that
you need to book well in advance through the registration process. More
details on alternative hotels and local arrangements can be found at:
Contacts and further information:
Web: George Danezis (George.Danezis  esat kuleuven be)
Claudia Diaz (Claudia.Diaz  esat kuleuven be)
Prof. Bart Preneel (Bart.Preneel  esat kuleuven be)
Disclaimer:

@_date: 2006-05-17 14:05:42
@_author: George Danezis 
@_subject: PET 2006: Call for Participation 
Call for Participation
6th Workshop on Privacy Enhancing Technologies
(PET 2006)
Robinson College, Cambridge, United Kingdom
June 28 - June 30, 2006
Special Events:
* Keynote speaker: Susan Landau, Sun Microsystems Laboratories
  on "The Missing Link", (Abstract at the end of the email.)
* PET Award 2006 ceremony and reception at Microsoft Research,
  Co-located with:
* The Fifth Workshop on the Economics of Information Security
  (WEIS 2006), 26-28 June, * IAVoSS Workshop On Trustworthy Elections (WOTE 2006)
  29-30 June, Privacy and anonymity are increasingly important in the online
world. Corporations, governments, and other organizations are
realizing and exploiting their power to track users and their
behavior, and restricting the ability to publish or retrieve
documents. Approaches to not only protecting individuals and groups,
but also companies and governments, from such profiling and
censorship include decentralization, encryption, distributed
trust, and automated policy disclosure.
This 6th workshop addresses the design and realization of such privacy
and anti-censorship services for the Internet and other communication
networks by bringing together anonymity and privacy experts from
around the world to discuss recent advances and new perspectives.
Early registration by May 12 at:
Further local information on accommodation and travel is available
on the PET workshop website (book accommodation early!):
Program Chairs:
* Philippe Golle, PARC
  (Philippe.Golle at parc com)
* George Danezis, K.U.Leuven
  (George.Danezis at esat kuleuven be)
General Chair:
* Richard Clayton, University of Cambridge
  (Richard.Clayton at cl cam ac uk)
Research Program:
(also at Privacy and the real world
    * One Big File Is Not Enough: A Critical Evaluation of
      the Dominant Free-Space Sanitization Technique
         Simson Garfinkel and David Malan
    * Protecting Privacy with the MPEG-21 IPMP Framework
         Nicholas Paul Sheppard and Reihaneh Safavi-Naini
    * Privacy for Public Transportation
         Thomas S. Heydt-Benjamin, Hee-Jin Chae, Benessa Defend, and
Kevin Fu
    * Privacy Rights Management - Taming Cellphone Cameras
         Mina Deng, Lothar Fritsch and Klaus Kursawe
    * Ignoring the Great Firewall of China
         Richard Clayton, Steven J. Murdoch and Robert N. M. Watson
    * I Know What You Did Last Summer: Self-Awareness,
      Imagined Communities,and Information Sharing in an
      Online Social Network
         Alessandro Acquisti and Ralph Gross
Privacy policies
    * Enhancing Consumer Privacy in the Liberty Alliance
      Identity Federation and Web Services Frameworks
         Mansour Alsaleh and Carlisle Adams
    * Traceable and Automatic Compliance of Privacy
      Policies in Federated Digital Identity Management
         Anna C. Squicciarini, Abhilasha Bhargav-Spantzel,
         Alexei Czeskis and Elisa Bertino
    * Privacy Injector - Automated Privacy Enforcement through Aspects
         Chris Vanden Berghe and Matthias Schunter
    * A Systemic Approach to Automate Privacy Policy
      Enforcement in Enterprises
         Marco Casassa Mont and Robert Thyne
Anonymous communications
    * Improving Sender Anonymity in a Structured Overlay
      with Imprecise Routing
         Giuseppe Ciaccio
    * Selectively Traceable Anonymity
         Luis von Ahn, Andrew Bortz, Nicholas Hopper and Kevin O'Neill
    * Valet Services: Improving Hidden Servers with a Personal Touch
         Lasse ?verlier and Paul Syverson
    * Blending different latency traffic with alpha-mixing
         Roger Dingledine, Andrei Serjantov and Paul Syverson
Attacks: Traffic and Location analysis
    * Breaking the Collusion Detection Mechanism of MorphMix
         Parisa Tabriz and Nikita Borisov
    * Linking Anonymous Transactions: The Consistent View Attack
         Andreas Pashalidis and Bernd Meyer
    * Preserving User Location Privacy in Mobile Data
      Management Infrastructures
         Reynold Cheng, Yu Zhang, Elisa Bertino and Sunil Prabhakar
    * Location Access Effects on Trail Re-identification
         Bradley Malin and Edoardo Airoldi
Private muti-party computation, authentication, and cryptography
    * Private Resource Pairing
         Joseph A. Calandrino and Alfred C. Weaver
    * On the Security of the Tor Authentication Protocol
         Ian Goldberg
    * Honest-Verifier Private Disjointness Testing without Random Oracles
         Susan Hohenberger and Stephen A. Weis
    * A Flexible Framework for Secret Handshakes
         Gene Tsudik and Shouhuai Xu
    * Optimal Key-Trees for Tree-Based Private Authentication
         Levente Buttyan, Tamas Holczer and Istvan Vajda
    * Simple and Flexible Private Revocation Checking
         John Solis and Gene Tsudik
Keynote speaker:
               The Missing Link
               Susan Landau
In recent decades, we have seen significant progress in the development of
tools to protect privacy.  We have similarly seen various policy
developments, e.g., the 1980 OECD Guidelines on Privacy Protection and 1997
application to the Internet.  But
             Between the conception
             And the creation
             Between the emotion
             And the response
             Falls the Shadow.
                    (T.S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men.")
One shadow is that while privacy policies abound, when data is collected,
there are few or no rules governing its security (which is a crucial
requirement for data privacy).  A current instance of this concerns the
recent requirement for data retention by the European Union.
This talk discusses what is needed to get to:
             Between the conception
             And the creation
             Between the emotion
             And the response
             Falls the Action.
Disclaimer: Disclaimer:

@_date: 2006-05-23 18:51:36
@_author: George Danezis 
@_subject: Secure phones from VectroTel? 
Hi all!
The 4-digit PIN should not automatically be dismissed as a bad idea. The
device *could* be performing a DH based protocols to bootstrap a strong
secret from a week PIN.
A secure example of such a protocol (there are many more):
Stefan Lucks, R?diger Weis: How to turn a PIN into an Iron Beam. 385-396
(In Dimitris Gritzalis, Sabrina De Capitani di Vimercati, Pierangela
Samarati, Sokratis K. Katsikas (Eds.): Security and Privacy in the Age
of Uncertainty, IFIP TC11 18th International Conference on Information
Security (SEC2003), May 26-28, 2003, Athens, Greece. IFIP Conference
Proceedings 250 Kluwer 2003, ISBN 1-4020-7449-2)
And a simpler one:
Michael Roe, Bruce Christianson, David Wheeler.
Secure sessions from weak secrets
Of course I have no idea if this is the technology used.
Disclaimer:

@_date: 2006-10-23 11:43:17
@_author: George Danezis 
@_subject: Traffic Analysis References 
Hi Leandro,
I am compiling a review paper on traffic analysis as well as a talk.
They can be found here:
These will soon be expanded (by January) since they are going to be
presented as a talk to the CCC (Berlin) as well as a book chapter.
If anyone with material on the subject can give me more pointers I would
be most grateful.
Disclaimer:
