
@_date: 2017-12-26 20:04:39
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
The new hot "anonymous cryptocurrency" people discuss is
MimbleWimble/Grin.  I'm surprised nobody has mentioned it.

@_date: 2017-11-08 00:25:16
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] One Bitcoin Transaction Now Uses as Much Energy 
I’m sorry, but this report of energy use is not the metric you are
referring to.  Mining energy is used to secure the entire bitcoin network.
It would be exactly the same if there were no transactions at all as if
there were a quintillion transactions per second.  Dividing it by the
number of transactions and comparing it to conventional transactions is
incredibly misleading.
Rather, this quantity should be compared to the combined energy usage of
all the financial security systems of the world combined.  All the security
cameras.  All the guards, bank tellers, and PoS machines.  All the armored
trucks moving cash around: manufacturing, driving, fueling, and maintaining
them.  All the 24/7 ATMs running.  All the constant financial
infrastructure that you can think of, and all the energy involved in
sourcing and processing the materials for it, running it, maintaining it,
and repairing it.  Not just the transactions.
The energy used by bitcoin mining is directly related to the price of
bitcoin divided by the price of electricity.  As electricity becomes
scarce, the energy requirements of the bitcoin network fall in synchrony.
They rise only when bitcoin has enough demand to warrant paying for them.
These things are not true of conventional financial systems.
Bitcoin does have a per-transaction energy cost, and this is unrelated to
the hashrate.  It is the cost only of distributing the transaction data
across the internet and storing it on hard drives.

@_date: 2017-11-08 02:51:09
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] One Bitcoin Transaction Now Uses as Much Energy 
That is a failure of the banking system, not of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin can
secure an unlimited number of transactions for a community-determined
energy cost.  This scales far better than having to provide more
security infrastructure as the number of transactions grows.  It's
efficient to have a constant solution, not wasteful.
Yes, exactly.  And because the decreased infrastructure needed to
operate it, this will be much less.  And, unlike Visa or ACH or Swift,
the cost of securing Bitcoin is completely unrelated to the number of
transactions being made.  It doesn't change with scale, and it handles
transactions for the entire world.  So the comparison is actually
No.  The price of Bitcoin is not related to the number of
transactions; in fact, most people are using Bitcoin as an investment
rather than an exchange medium.  A quick glance shows that over the
past year the blocksize has gone up by around 60%.  Meanwhile, the
price has risen by 800% !  The price and mining energy have
exponentially risen, but the transaction volume is rising only
linearly, and slowly.
The price of compromise of Bitcoin is very high.  An attacker needs to
individually use as much energy as the entire network combined to
produce fake transactions, which may then be noticed.  Alternatively,
they could mine blocks to secure the network, and produce as many
block rewards for themselves as they want, without anybody getting
upset at them.  At the moment, this would provide them with about
$12.6 million USD, _per day_.  To secure the network instead of
compromise it.
The Bitcoin developers can directly control the energy usage of
mining, and hence the energy usage required by an attacker, by
adjusting the block reward, which as far as I can tell is where the
security trade-off you discuss comes from.  So, if everybody agreed
that Bitcoin was using too much mining energy, developers could simply
lower the block reward and the energy use would decrease
proportionally.  Security would decrease too!  So if this energy use
for you is not worth the security provided, you should make a case for
The block reward is decreased on a regular basis, anyway.  So energy
usage would exactly halve in 2020, except that the price will also
rise due to decreased supply, raising the energy use at the same time.
That specific scenario is correct, because that would also reduce the
energy consumption required for compromise.  But if a new technology
came out that is more secure and efficient than the current double
sha-256 proof of work, Bitcoin could switch to this new technique,
agree to decrease the block reward, and have the same degree of
security for a smaller energy usage.  Which the miners are
incentivized to encourage, because their excess energy availability
would give them increased profits until the network slowly adjusted to
The miners in bitcoin are also incentivized to directly reduce their
energy costs to maximize their profits.  The article references a
coal-powered Bitcoin mine; but that mine is not making as much profit
as the solar-powered mines which do not have to pay for coal.
This discussion seems more about opposing opinions rather than facts.
This is probably because the article itself provides very few facts.
It does not compare the energy usage of Bitcoin security with that of
the global economy (bitcoin is likely _less_ energy expensive overall,
even if projected to a comparable scale), and it depicts the numbers
in a way that is not conceptually meaningful, but rather skews them to
appear large.

@_date: 2017-11-08 18:08:26
@_author: Karl Semich 
@_subject: [Cryptography] One Bitcoin Transaction Now Uses as Much Energy 
It’s true that bitcoin is more like a baseball card than a coin at this time.  But this is unrelated to the energy cost divided by the transaction count (the $100 you quote) because that cost stays the same regardless of the number of transactions in the network.  The more transactions, the cheaper this number is.  We are paying this cost precisely because it is how much we value *acquiring* and *keeping* these baseball cards; it’s not the cost of *trading* them.
And then the energy use of the network will drop proportionally.
Just like the infrastructure costs saved when the bubble of metal coins was replaced with paper bills.  So much cheaper to move across the world!  And the high value they could represent probably really incentivized people moving them around.

@_date: 2017-10-08 01:21:02
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Steemit 
There have been some "actually decentralized" alternatives.  But
Steemit has been the only one so far to _pay_ people to post; all the
others that I've tried have required the posters themselves pay a
miniscule amount to have their content published on the blockchain.
Qora was my favorite.  Incredible feature set.  Last I checked,
though, all the developers had left and the project wasn't in a usable
state, but it was great before that happened.
 .  I
think a sister project was trying to take over the source repository.
HugPuddle ( hugpuddle.org ) has created Apertus Disk Drive in C# .  It
allows one to engage in social networking activities using an
arbitrary blockchain as a backend.  Not very feature-rich, but it can
write and read from the bitcoin chain itself, which I feel is the
highest standard in censorship resistance.
And of course there's Akasha at  the newest and
strongest addition to the ecosystem.  I haven't tried it yet myself.
It runs on Ethereum.

@_date: 2018-02-28 00:03:50
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoins and lobbyists 
many block-chain-based cryptocurrencies.)
steps that a Bitcoin miner has to perform, by tracing the sources and sinks
of the various money flows through individuals, corporations, LLC's, law
firms, etc.
tracing money flows?  Henry, can you clarify what you mean?
Bitcoin mining accomplishes two useful tasks:
1) continual consistency checking of the entire blockchain and
2) mining lottery winners extend the blockchain & collect modest fee
Task  -- together with Bitcoin address identification -- makes
transaction tracing trivial.
All bitcoin clients continuously check the entire blockchain consistency.
Miners throw tons of work into the hashchain so that it is incredibly hard
to fake the contents.  None of this checking involves tracing; that is done
by third parties using tools that explore the chain everyone has verified.
Of course, obviously those interested in real democracy would prefer an
economic solution that shakes up existing power structures.

@_date: 2018-06-24 23:55:16
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Open Storage Controllers 
Here is an old link regarding custom firmware for flash drives:

@_date: 2020-12-29 13:42:42
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin is a disaster. 
There are many other paths and analyses than the ones you describe,
and a planet full of very creative people.

@_date: 2020-12-30 08:33:27
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin is a disaster. 
- p2p, cheap, strong
- a protocol where contribution to infrastructure is rewarded
- work is kept simple and clear, to be easy to learn and contribute to
- existing projects are reused and related with.  If a replacement is
found, we join them and contribute.
Sound good?  Do you need me to setup the project and link it here?  I
can't do it all myself =)
My passion here is with reliable storage, communication, and
publishing, which blockchains basically provide already.
I see most of the arguments on this thread as bogus, not worthy of
spending time discussing.  I don't know why people are talking about
anonymity and bitcoin.  If you want to be more anonymous, you need to
upgrade the protocol or launder your coins via some other anonymity
network.  If you want it to scale better, you need to upgrade the
protocol or wait until network infrastructure meets demand.  If you
want transactions to be cheaper, you need to upgrade the protocol or
wait until block rewards shrink and network capacity increases.  I'm
not including all the parts of the concerns, but these things are
obvious and people are talking like they have no knowledge of them.

@_date: 2020-07-08 07:42:16
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Terminology & Multiple-Doors/Multiple-Locks 
I've noticed in our present popular cryptography ecosystem we have a
situation of "many doors with different kinds of locks each" (big attack
surface) instead of "many different kinds of locks needed to open each
door" (small attack surface) in a lot of different ways.
I was wondering what the terms from academia for that difference are.  If
people could talk about it with more credibility, value for changing the
situation could spread faster.
For example, most recommendations on how to validate signed binaries
involve downloading the key from a centralized source and not checking its
trust with a human in any way at all: many people trusting the large sets
of certificate authorities, SSL & even plaintext HTTP protocols, networking
infrastructure, governments, servers, and server and network operators over
and over again.  Instead if maybe we had easy software to transfer keys to
friends in a signed bundle with gnupg, we could use the same signing-system
to verify the sources of the keys as the key verification itself used,
hopefully providing for fewer kinds of locks that would break the whole
chain if broken.
To get enough support to make things like that happen, casual confused
people like me need terminology that clearly express the situation to both
professionals and end-users so as to support the value.
Similarly, it seems like many of the issues with SSL stemmed from
multiple-doors situations.  Wouldn't logjam have been impossible if the
server signed a hash of its protocol messages in general, preventing mitm
alteration?  Or if it were set as a norm that protocol-negotiable algorithm
selections had to layer on to each other, rather than providing
alternatives to select only one from.  Clearly the protocol as a whole is
only as strong as its weakest selectable algorithm, such that more
algorithms make it weaker instead of stronger (where stronger is the
intuition when you see more of something), but this is not very prominently
expressed to users.  We can fix things like that but we need people to
understand what to say when recommending or supporting changes.

@_date: 2020-11-01 19:18:57
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The Truth Social Network: A Decentralized Social 
Kinda true, needs an upgrade.
That is a solvable problem that has been repeatedly and diversely
solved.  (btw: all problems are solvable)
People only do things that have merit.  Somebody did this (spent a
long time on it even); it has merit.
Personally I had an unresolved human trafficking scenario and the
biggest evidence is facebook's archive, some of which is missing from
people involved deleting their accounts.
Nice thought.  Brief sock puppets can muddy it.

@_date: 2020-11-09 08:08:20
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] reliable broadcast channel 
Isn't it important to track and act on these things?  With tor,
gnunet, blockchains, sneakernet, there are a lot of ways to reach out
to the world and at least store an error report with the network
If network disruption happens a lot, the users, developers, and
designers will make the network environment more robust.  For example,
by providing a way to interact with others with the same issue, on an
error report page.
Isn't it well known that nakomoto solved, effectively enough for
common use, the two general's problem?  I googled this.

@_date: 2020-11-09 16:53:08
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] reliable broadcast channel 
I get confused a lot, but my understanding is that the Lightning
network is _designed_ to make that not happen via constraints all the
participants control, or somesuch.  I'm curious what you know that
leads you to believe otherwise.
You should be aware that a blockchain is considered a reliable
broadcast channel, with one single reality, after a number of
confirmations have gone by.
Not everyone is aware of this, to use it for what it would help with.

@_date: 2020-11-11 06:44:38
@_author: Karl 
@_subject: [Cryptography] reliable broadcast channel 
With regard to the lightning network, the concern you describe can be
resolved.  It's simply nobody was worrying about it.  In fact, it may not
be hard to do so.
Do you need help starting that process of resolution?
