
@_date: 2013-09-04 18:35:52
@_author: Jose Luis Gomez Pardo 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Popular curves (was: NSA and cryptanalysis) 
Curve25519 was designed for elliptic Diffie-Hellman taking care of both security and efficiency aspects and seems very strong in both of them. Some comments on its usage for other purposes can be found in
This curve was originally written for x86 32-bit platforms and a 64-bit implementation can be found in the following links:
In addition to this curve and to the NIST curves, another source for elliptic curves that can be (according to the developers) freely used is:
where cuves over 384 and 512-bit prime fields can be found which are likely secure. Of course, in all these cases you have to trust the curve developers somewhat although you can also check these curves for possible vulnerabilities.
Alternatively,  one can build one's own curve and  for  this one needs to have access to an implementation of the SEA point counting algorithm. A little while ago I was writing a cryptography book that uses Maple to implement both cryptographic schemes and cryptanalytic algorithms and, for a while, I contemplated the idea of programming SEA in Maple. However, I soon discarded it because there are already some freely available excelent implementations in compiled languages and my Maple implementation would necessarily be much slower. Thus, for some computations in the examples in my book I ended using MIRACL, a C/C++ library with excellent support for ECC which was recently adquired by CertiVox and can be found in the following  links:
Using the SEA algorithm one can readily find elliptic curves of prime order (or with a very small cofactor)  which, additionally, can be  tested to ensure that they satisfy some important conditions such as not having small embedding degree (to prevent the MOV reduction attack) or not having trace one (anomalous curves) which makes them also vulnerable. Of course, if the curves are (pseudo)randomly generated, it is very unlikely that they suffer from these vulnerabilities. Methods for verifiably random generation of such curves can be found in:
and some recommended elliptic curves generated using these methods (including curves over 384-bit and 521-bit prime fields) are available from:
Of course, I don't know whether these curves are completely free from IP concerns but, according to the sources where these curves are published, this seems to be the case  (I am far from expert in the IP subject but, as a mathematician, the idea of someone "owning" an elliptic curve in some sense, seems to me very strange).
Jose Luis.

@_date: 2013-09-12 19:23:46
@_author: Jose Luis Gomez Pardo 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Books on modern cryptanalysis 
> Anyhow, are there any (not *too* technical) books on the modern
 > techniques for attacking cryptosystems?
Apart from the books already mentioned in other messages (Swenson, Katz-Lindell, Knudsen-Robshaw ...), I would also mention "Algorithmic Cryptanalysis" (2009) by Antoine Joux, for an advanced and up-to-date treatise (that includes some C code) addressed to a mathematically mature audience (excellent book but not easy to read!).
More specialized is Hinek's "Cryptanalysis of RSA and its variants" (2010) which, as the title indicates, targets RSA.
Finally, I would also mention my own book, "Introduction to Cryptography with Maple" (2013), which also includes Maple implementations of a fair number of cryptanalytic attacks.
I am not sure, however, whether these books are not *too* technical ... Although there is some coverage of implementation attacks and side-channel attacks, most of the attacks in these books are mathematically-based or "algorithmic" as in the title of Joux's book.
