
@_date: 2013-12-15 06:09:21
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
How many times has this been rehashed the last six months?
You can't fix email as we know it today using todays bolt-ons,
protocols and corporate stakeholders/services trying to profit from it.
The only way to have any real global seamless success is to go
ground up with a completely new model. IMO, that will be some
form of p2p message system where every address is a crypto key,
masked for grandma by her contact list, decrypted out your p2p
daemon and piped into your local mail processing (MUA/filter/lists)
and filesystem (encryption). At least that way your local mail tools
will still work (no one will give those up anyway).
The problem is the antique centralized backend, it needs bypassed.
You've got neat stuff like Tor, bittorrent, bitcoin, etc already... so
boost email into the 2020's the same way. Then let the old world
email services try to keep up, and slowly die like everything else.

@_date: 2013-12-15 16:54:08
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Gaps in email [was: PGP userbase] 
Encryption is only part of it. There's transport, elimination of
central storage, anonymity, p2p, etc. Many things people want
simply can't be done with modifications to the current system.
With p2p model and every node as a key/address, you don't
need 'pgp' because the node is the key and does lookups and
encrypt2dest / decrypt2you for you. But you can still use pgp with
the usual tools around message bodies if desired for additional
encrypt/auth or if you're disk isn't encrypted. P2P daemon
takes over and all the old transport headers go away.
Spam/AV becomes another local daemon. Mailing lists are
a repeater node someone runs, or the usual local mailman stuff.
It's a transport replacement, so business can use it account at node.
All the MTA's die off in time.
[Please direct list replies to the list, not me. I should have broke
the subject earlier.]

@_date: 2013-12-15 18:20:03
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The next generation secure email solution 
Moving the last couple days talk to this thread seems fine.
Though unclear, that sounds like the old trust of a CA/PKI system problem.
In general I suggest that people wish to use messaging with each other
once they already know them (or have some other trusted web to them).
As in, Hey John, nice to meet ya today, what's your key (address), I'll
message you later. Or Hey Jane, what's John's address. Same for
employers, businesses, etc. Such peer groups bootstrap and grow
very fast. Thus the perceived need for a cold lookup of Ralf, isn't much of
a real one.
Once you know the address (node crypto key), you put it 'To: ',
mua hands to spool, p2p daemon reads spool, looks up key in DHT and
sends msg off across the transport to the far key (node) when it is
reachable. Hopefully the transport looks like I2P/Tor in being a secure
random hop layer. In fact, those could probably be used today, they
have the keys as nodes and user facing ports for inbound/outbound
daemons. They just need scaling work to n-billion nodes (users,
aka: the hard part). People are already plugging postfix, bittorrent,
etc into these networks.
Tor is not currently addressible at the user level by the full key,
it 'shortens' the key into a 16char onion address. As you may be
hinting at... yes, that is bad... collisions, and needing secondary lookup
layers into the full key. Tor may be moving to full key addressibility
soon, see tor-dev for that.
I2P (and Phantom, and probably GnuNet) are addressible with full keys.
So you can send to 'account at key' with them if you want, and keep the
John/Jane/Ralf human style lookups in your MUA addressbook (once
you know them) without needing a secondary lookup layer into the full key.
No, I am not sure. But when looking at some of the p2p transport
layers that have come along so far, it seems like a fairly strong
possibility for a new backend transport model while retaining user
level mail tools... mutt, maildrop, mailman, Thunderbird, etc. Most
of what you'd need there is support for very long addresses and
split horizon handoff to local daemon/spool based on recognizing
what the destination net is... .onion, .i2p, etc.
I'd like to read what Pond and I2P-Bote are doing with some parts of
this as well.
I don't believe you need a trusted CA/PKI service to successfully
bootstrap users and their addresses/keys into a new global messaging
system. If I want to know what some unknown like Bruce's key is, I'll
look it up on his website, social net, list posts, etc. If that's what you

@_date: 2013-12-17 05:01:53
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: [IP] 'We cannot trust' Intel and Via's 
This probably can't be mentioned enough. Millions to billions
of gates on a die, lots of room there. Multiplied out to the
millions to billions of computers in service. That's a huge
opportunity no one in their right mind wouldn't try to exploit.
And RNG's are an easy place to do it. RNG is not a box
you can input 2+2 test vector from the outside and get 4
back out. The RNG may even look random, pass diehard, etc.
But if there's a secret seed buried in the RNG somewhere,
you're screwed. And when was the last time anyone ever publicly
decapped and validated a current Intel RNG CPU? Sure, mix it in with at least one other source, or shutdown, and
use that. But don't ever use it raw. Embedded RNG's help make
the market for external discrete logic RNG dongles.

@_date: 2013-12-23 18:35:42
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] HSBC's Password Approach: Impressive 
Yeah, all that might work for non brick and mortar stuff you maybe care about,
say email [1], and your fave pornsite. But really... you need to be able to
demand a hardware OTP token from your bank and brokerage... plenty of
cheap open hw exists for that, not RSA, ahem. Any B&M's that don't offer hw
are just using 'clever' obfuscation or cost reduction around the issue of real
security. But since they already cost reduced that nice 4-7% interest they
used to pay you, don't expect this anytime soon. Unless they figure with
real security they could then twist responsibility for that account wiping
transaction to uganda... on you.
[1] Outlook.com uses that stupid 'no cut/paste' thing, worthless and
annoying as fuck for those of us who use real password safes with
real random unmemorizable passwords.

@_date: 2013-12-24 04:20:51
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The next gen P2P secure email solution 
This thread pertains specifically to the use of P2P/DHT models
to replace traditional email as we know it today. There was
a former similarly named thread on this that diverged... from the
concept and challenge of P2P/DHT handling the transport and
lookups... back to more traditional models. This thread does not
care about those antique models, please do not take it there.
In short, we're attempting to examine and develop some form
of new transport that looks somewhat like a mix between secure
anonymous networks, string at pubkey node addressing, massive
decentralized dht-like scaling and finally a user facing daemon that
moves messages into and out of local spools for use by normal
user/system tools.
Pasting in a very rough and unflowing thread summary to date
for interested people to pick up and discuss, draft, etc.
How many times has this been rehashed the last six months?
You can't fix email as we know it today using todays bolt-ons,
protocols and corporate stakeholders/services trying to profit from it.
The only way to have any real global seamless success is to go
ground up with a completely new model. IMO, that will be some
form of p2p message system where every address is a crypto key,
masked for grandma by her contact list, decrypted out your p2p
daemon and piped into your local mail processing (MUA/filter/lists)
and filesystem (encryption). At least that way your local mail tools
will still work (no one will give those up anyway).
The problem is the antique centralized backend, it needs bypassed.
You've got neat stuff like Tor, bittorrent, bitcoin, etc already... so
boost email into the 2020's the same way. Then let the old world
email services try to keep up, and slowly die like everything else.
Obviously. It will never be able to escape the non-body
header content and third party routing, storage and analysis with
any form of patching over today's mail. And it's completely
ridiculous that people continue to invest [aka: waste] effort in
'securing' it. The best you'll ever get clients down to is exposing
a single 'To:' header within an antique transport model that
forces you to authenticate to it in order to despam, bill, censor
and control you.
That system is cooked, done and properly fucked. Abandon it.
What the world needs now is a real peer to peer messaging
system that scales. Take Tor for a partial example... so long
as all the sender/recipient nodes [onions] are up, any message
you send will get through, encrypted, in real time. If a recipient
is not up, you queue it locally till they are... no third party ever
needed, and you get lossless delivery and confirmation for free.
Unmemorable node address?, quit crying and make use of your
local address book. Doesn't have plugins for current clients?,
so what, write some and use it if you're dumb enough to mix
the old and new mail.
The only real problem that still needs solved is scalability...
what p2p node lookup systems are out there that will handle
a messaging world's population worth of nodes [billions] and
their keys and tertiary data? If you can do that, you should
be able to get some anon transport over the p2p for free.
Anyway, p2p messaging and anonymous transports have
all been dreamed up by others before. But now is the
time to actually abandon traditional email and just do it.
If you build it, they will come.
I'm strongly against most the ideas to abbandon current email systems,
because the results will be to create wallet garden.
We need something interoperable with existing systems or the system will
just be used by a bunch of paranoid people or fostered by the marketing
of few cryptography company acquiring customers, not user.
It would be interoperable with current end user interfaces/tools, but not
directly with you at some.dotcom.
As with everything else, today's seeds grow into tomorrows garden, sometimes
you just have to thorougly plow under last year's chaff first, that's by design.
E-mail is basically business correspondence.
    - E-mail is stored.
    - E-mail is sent to many people outside your personal social network.
    - Business recipients of email are often subject to corporate and/or
      regulatory policy constraints that are in conflict with end-to-end
      encryption.
The above list of features can be greatly expanded, and the
consequences elaborated, but I doubt may on this list truly need
to be re-educated about email.
So I will confidently predict that end-to-end secure email will
remain a niche service used by a tiny minority.
Even businesses that one might expect to implement at least encryption
to the "gateway", are in many cases choosing to out-source their
gateway to 3rd-party providers (anti-spam and anti-virus offerings
only work with un-encrypted email, and in many cases the provider
also operates the entire mail store).
[and others also said: tls, dane, skype, smime, ca's, smtp, etc]
Medical, Financial
Nothing here changes, only the backend transport between nodes.
Once your node decrypts the message to your local system pipes,
you can do all this and more with it. Including running a 'business' node
and doing whatever you want with the plaintext after your node daemon
passes it to you. This is not about those ancient protocols. It's also
about 'messaging' not strictly 'email'... those lines are already well
blurred, no need to distinguish between them anymore. A 'light'
messaging client could simply ignore the non transport email headers,
or use your standard msg at nodekey address.
Please do not continue to talk about antique tradional centralized
systems in this thread, except of course to bash and route around them.
The speed of a real P2P/DHT replacement at scale is a research challenge.
this would make an interesting bet!  i too believe this to be
impossible given the constraints.
I'm not so sure about this, look at all the global resources being poured
into traditional email, and attempts to 'fix' it. Now redirect fractional 1%
of those resources and put them into a P2P replacement. That's ftw.
Say hello to Bote mail on I2P.
I2P provides encrypted anonymizing networking, Bote mail provides DHT
based serverless encrypted mailing with public crypto keys as
addresses (ECDSA or NTRU).
 and i2pbote.i2p (if you don't have I2P installed, add
.us to visit it via an inproxy).
There is also I2P Messenger that is encrypted P2P IM within I2P also
using public keys as addresses.
You may have a look of "I2P Bote" it is severless, encrypted mail
system, address is the public key, P2P based... nice tool.
  As in another post of mine, I'll be looking at that again.
My first take was that it stores the messages in the DHT,
which didn't seem scalable or reliable at all. I may be
wrong as I read more later.
I think that's working now. And is the general idea, create a strong
overlay network with a frontend MUA's can speak to.
As an aside: If you can make that overlay net present an IPv6 tunnel
interface on the local host, that lets you use any IPv6 enabled
app over it. I'm doubting the world needs a dozen application
specific overlay networks. More like just a few classes of network.
- message based store and forward
- low latency IPv6 transport
- data storage and retrieval
Bote mail doesn't have to be used for it's anonymous properties, for
me that is just a bonus. For many people it is more than enough to be
able to know that it is impossible for anybody else than the intended
recipient to read the message thanks to public key addressing.
Guaranteed end-to-end security if you can verify the address.
I don't think anything that doesn't fundamentally rely on public key
addressing is the (long term) future. There will inevitably issues
otherwise, including more issues of the type we have with CA:s today.
For those who want to make it more user friendly, nothing stops you
from adding a transparent "address translation layer" where servers
are involved. When you want to send a message to a person with a human
readable address at a server, then the server could then reply with
the public key based address to the mail client, and the user would
have the option to see what that address is. It could even be logged
by the client, with TOFU/POP style trust system that reduces the
amount of trust you have to place in the server. No need to trust
anybody with plaintext.
I suggest such interfacing with the current legacy system will only prolong
it's long past due extinction. Build a better system and let them come to you,
not the other way around. And bolting in exits will only make it harder to
do correctly and optimally what you need to do as a P2P system. Please,
just forget about interfacing with the legacy transport system. If you really
need that you can run your own p2p daemon node that acts as your
automated gateway between the two. This is mostly about design of
the p2p side, not that.
It is my understanding of the proposed replacement for email.  Magic
email addresses that in fact correspond to an identifier of a public
key, for example the hash of a rule that identifies the public key,
and which result in your message not in fact being passed along by
email protocols.
If you're not going to send directly to the very long account at nodepubkey, then
yes, you'll need to create another layer on top to hold your h(key). However,
the key must still be obtainable behind that since that is what the messages
will ultimately be encrypted and routed to. It's not much of a stretch beyond
that to ensure userland mail tools can handle say 8k long addresses. I'm not
against such a [vanity/shorthash] layer.
Bote mail and I2P messenger are two pieces of serverless software that
ALREADY is public key addressed within I2P. Have you tried them? You
need to add the public keys of the recipients to be able to send a
message to start with, although the DHT based search system Seedless
allow you to publish Bote mail addresses to the network.
(IMAP support for Bote mail is planned but not yet implemented, right
now it has a local web interface.)
Maybe Namecoin could work together with them to enable you to register
your key addresses to your nickname in a secure manner, but then you
still have to have a globally unique nickname and tell people the
exact spelling.
Though unclear, that sounds like the old trust of a CA/PKI system problem.
In general I suggest that people wish to use messaging with each other
once they already know them (or have some other trusted web to them).
As in, Hey John, nice to meet ya today, what's your key (address), I'll
message you later. Or Hey Jane, what's John's address. Same for
employers, businesses, etc. Such peer groups bootstrap and grow
very fast. Thus the perceived need for a cold lookup of Ralf, isn't much of
a real one.
Once you know the address (node crypto key), you put it 'To: ',
mua hands to spool, p2p daemon reads spool, looks up key in DHT and
sends msg off across the transport to the far key (node) when it is
reachable. Hopefully the transport looks like I2P/Tor in being a secure
random hop layer. In fact, those could probably be used today, they
have the keys as nodes and user facing ports for inbound/outbound
daemons. They just need scaling work to n-billion nodes (users,
aka: the hard part). People are already plugging postfix, bittorrent,
etc into these networks.
Tor is not currently addressible at the user level by the full key,
it 'shortens' the key into a 16char onion address. As you may be
hinting at... yes, that is bad... collisions, and needing secondary lookup
layers into the full key. Tor may be moving to full key addressibility
soon, see tor-dev for that.
I2P (and Phantom, and probably GnuNet) are addressible with full keys.
So you can send to 'account at key' with them if you want, and keep the
John/Jane/Ralf human style lookups in your MUA addressbook (once
you know them) without needing a secondary lookup layer into the full key.
No, I am not sure. But when looking at some of the p2p transport
layers that have come along so far, it seems like a fairly strong
possibility for a new backend transport model while retaining user
level mail tools... mutt, maildrop, mailman, Thunderbird, etc. Most
of what you'd need there is support for very long addresses and
split horizon handoff to local daemon/spool based on recognizing
what the destination net is... .onion, .i2p, etc.
I'd like to read what Pond and I2P-Bote are doing with some parts of
this as well.
I don't believe you need a trusted CA/PKI service to successfully
bootstrap users and their addresses/keys into a new global messaging
system. If I want to know what some unknown like Bruce's key is, I'll
look it up on his website, social net, list posts, etc. If that's what you
I feel like I walking in halfway into a conversation, I'm guessing this
started on the cryptography list that I'm not on.
Your DHT comment caught my attention though.  What in particular about
DHTs don't seem scalable or reliable?
Seems like DHTs are regularly in the 5-10M range and I don't see any
reason that DHTs couldn't be 10 times that.
Any reasonable churn rate and reliability could be handled with
replication.  The bit-torrent DHT for instance claims that 45% of users
that bootstrap from a central node are reachable 15 minutes later.  So
typical setups involve 8 nodes per bin, and 20 bins.  So every 15
minutes you ping 160 hosts, only reach 45%, and do some work to
repopulate the missing slots.
Given the simplicity of the bit-torrent DHT I think there's plenty of
room for improvement.  Larger routing tables are obvious (at the cost of
more network bandwidth to track peers).
The most promising idea for DHT improvements I've seen is to divide
peers into 3 latency groups.  High, medium, and low.   Much like L1
cache, L2 cache, and main memory.  That way common queries are very
fast, yet all queries still to find keys globally.
Bittorrent is already in the 100m node range. That's not enough. This
needs to replace every possible messaging user on the planet over
the duration of their actiive lifetime. That's at least a couple billion nodes.
Don't forget, you can always use disk to cache things.
But at the same time the system has to not say, "I can't deliver your
message to that person because an invisible gnotzaframmit that I won't
describe to you seems to be unavailable to me in the flabogrommit."
Address books as usual. Name layer if need be. We are humans, we
learn new lexicons, we write manuals, that part is nothing to be afraid of.
Being afraid only holds you back.
This is an interesting idea, because it provides certificates on
demand for ordinary users, if they decide to sign up to a certain
site. The
certs are then being used for other purposes, so the site does act as a
bootstap for using crypto. The one thing that this proposal relies on is
the availability of a common piece of software (user agent) that stores
the private key for the user. It's this part of the picture where things
get tricky.
There can be no non-distributed/redundant elements in this p2p system,
aka: no 'sites', certainly none with a realworld IP on them, and none where
very high percentages of them vanishing will disrupt the system for others.
This must replace email, therefore system disruption is intolerable.

@_date: 2013-12-24 05:13:04
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The next gen P2P secure email solution 
More summary pasting...
Encryption is only part of it. There's transport, elimination of
central storage, anonymity, p2p, etc. Many things people want
simply can't be done with modifications to the current system.
With p2p model and every node as a key/address, you don't
need 'pgp' because the node is the key and does lookups and
encrypt2dest / decrypt2you for you. But you can still use pgp with
the usual tools around message bodies if desired for additional
encrypt/auth or if you're disk isn't encrypted. P2P daemon
takes over and all the old transport headers go away.
Spam/AV becomes another local daemon. Mailing lists are
a repeater node someone runs, or the usual local mailman stuff.
It's a transport replacement, so business can use it account at node.
All the MTA's [connected directly to the internet] die off in time.

@_date: 2013-12-25 14:23:10
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The next gen P2P secure email solution 
I'm not sure that it has a proper home. I do not suggest metzdowd,
which is where I think you picked it up. cypherpunks has the most
thread content to date. Though p2p-hackers is perhaps best for now
unless anyone else has a better idea? ie: another p2p centric list
with a good bit of anonymity and crypto representation.
p2p-hackers is having delivery issues at the moment so maybe
continue to cc cypherpunks for another week till that is sorted out.

@_date: 2013-11-25 13:15:21
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Email is unsecurable 
Obviously. It will never be able to escape the non-body
header content and third party routing, storage and analysis with
any form of patching over today's mail. And it's completely
ridiculous that people continue to invest [aka: waste] effort in
'securing' it. The best you'll ever get clients down to is exposing
a single 'To:' header within an antique transport model that
forces you to authenticate to it in order to despam, bill, censor
and control you.
That system is cooked, done and properly fucked. Abandon it.
What the world needs now is a real peer to peer messaging
system that scales. Take Tor for a partial example... so long
as all the sender/recipient nodes [onions] are up, any message
you send will get through, encrypted, in real time. If a recipient
is not up, you queue it locally till they are... no third party ever
needed, and you get lossless delivery and confirmation for free.
Unmemorable node address?, quit crying and make use of your
local address book. Doesn't have plugins for current clients?,
so what, write some and use it if you're dumb enough to mix
the old and new mail.
The only real problem that still needs solved is scalability...
what p2p node lookup systems are out there that will handle
a messaging world's population worth of nodes [billions] and
their keys and tertiary data? If you can do that, you should
be able to get some anon transport over the p2p for free.
Anyway, p2p messaging and anonymous transports have
all been dreamed up by others before. But now is the
time to actually abandon traditional email and just do it.
If you build it, they will come.

@_date: 2013-10-04 15:56:52
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [tor-talk] Guardian Tor article 
Some have said...
Yes, fine work all hands, everyone have a round at their favorite
pub/equivalent tonight.
Yet whether from 2007 or last week... when Monday rolls around, we
must channel all this joy and get back to work. For the risks and
attackers that we all face are real, motivated, well funded, and
do not play fair by any set of rules. They do not stop and neither
can we. Wins that do not result in elimination from the game are
but temporary gains. We must always be better... train, practice,
discipline, and enter ourselves into every race... leaving only a
continuous cloud of dust behind for our adversaries to choke on.
Till Monday, I got this round :)

@_date: 2013-10-07 17:10:14
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Universal security measures for crypto primitives 
Then perhaps by the time that engine gets near 256 bits done crunching you,
any given secret holder will be either dead, too old / pardonable, or
society will
have moved on, thereby placing the secret into one of historical value only. It
would probably also cost about 2^315 bits to build and operate. Not many
100yr secrets out there besides grand conspiracies and whodunit's, and those
don't really need crypto. Might as well bump everything to 512 just to
be safe from
physics ;)

@_date: 2013-10-10 21:40:09
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] prism-proof email in the degenerate case 
This is the same as NNTP, but worse in that it's not distributed.

@_date: 2013-10-20 13:24:21
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Mail Lists In the Post-Snowden Era 
You mention 'participant = adversaries', 'email', 'anonymity', 'open list'...
Afaik, the only thing that would incorporate those rather easily today
is setting up postfix, dovecot and mailman on a hidden service. It's all
been done before. Run the software, make a nym@ account, you're done.

@_date: 2013-10-21 15:04:18
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Mail Lists In the Post-Snowden Era 
Some people have a desperate need for the State to validate
other people's names and faces and lives before they feel comfy.
Other people are just fine with knowing them (and by whatever
moniker) in the context in which they know them. A list full of
crackpots running on the hidden undernets is just as easily
validated as one in the real world... it's a question of content and
how well developed in whichever world (or both) the context is.
Don't post in both worlds. Or do. Or post your face or name
or whatever else, or not. It's your choice. In a hidden medium
others can make their own choices. Confusing?, not feeling
comfy? ... then stay Stateside.

@_date: 2013-10-21 15:31:31
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Mail Lists In the Post-Snowden Era 
The topic has been around far longer than the above.

@_date: 2013-09-22 00:50:31
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] MITM source patching [was Schneier got spooked] 
re: git, signed commits, log verification, etc
Monotone supports a good bit of PKI within it...

@_date: 2014-04-25 21:45:17
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple and OpenSSL 
FreeBSD is right because they are sticking to their
principle of the [now even free-er] two-clause BSD license.
They will get by, year after year, decade after decade, that
is their ethics. And their foundation is doing quite well.
Apple has no requirement to give anything, but they
are ethically wrong to have not given anything [lots].
BTW, JKH is back on the BSD side now.
Apple is at risk now, they did the ipod, the iphone,
the ipad/book, the laptop. Convergence of them all is
happening in China, nothing left to innovate except
maybe the house, and a game console.

@_date: 2014-08-08 05:44:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] All dice are loaded? 
As would 5 over 2 and 4 over 3. That's why there are compensated, true,
or casino dice which fill the pips with same density paint filler.

@_date: 2014-12-08 17:07:28
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin networks surpasses 2^80 hashes per week 
Average hashes to win something amongst your peers is one way
to think of it. Easier look at overall compute power deployed.
This graph is more telling and running at about 310 PH/s worth of
double SHA-256. (Around 2^77.x per week.)
Generalize the subject a bit further...
Work the sum of all those into basic compute ops, bits per sec, gates
per dollar, watts per dollar, etc. Then assume adversary can at least
duplicate it, and apply the result into a similarly customized ASIC
compute base against some crypto target of choice like RSA-1024,
SHA-1, RC4... something realworld in each of asym/hash/sym.
Or even just to disrupt Bitcoin.
What do you get?
Storage vs. time tradeoff applies as usual.

@_date: 2014-12-09 15:27:24
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Toxic Combination 
First thing I remember thinking about the whole CA cert game
way back years ago when people started thinking they needed
certs, at $100++ per year, as opposed to verified and pinned self
signed for the sites you care about, was... wtf, why?, scam!!!
Turns out, it's actually shaping up to be the greatest internet
swindle of all time. Hook, line, sinker.
Here's another old crony network being exposed and replaced...
[Sure, after all the coins are mined you have to model the
then steady state tranfee and thin client ecosystem, but still.]

@_date: 2014-12-09 23:32:34
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] North Korea and Sony 
Extending your quote for revolving context...
"The trade association also reveals in the document that Sifma has
retained former NSA director Keith Alexander to "facilitate" the
joint effort with the government. Alexander, in turn, has brought
in Michael Chertoff, the former U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security,
and his firm, Chertoff Group."
"Alexander had been pitching Sifma and other bank trade associations
to purchase his services through his new consulting firm, IronNet
Cybersecurity Inc., for as much as $1 million per month, according to
two people briefed on the talks."
The article full of other juicy things...

@_date: 2014-12-11 03:25:56
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Toxic Combination 
What is the revenue model of AES, OpenPGP, SHA3, ECDHE...?
And who collects the revenue? The NSA?
What of protocol creator Bitcoin, Pond, FOSS... where the revenue them?
Those who require revenue may choose to adopt protocols that assist
product monetization when woven therein, generally towards the limits
of exclusivity and extraction. The protocols themselves stand alone,
and work fine for building things for non sale environments. One can
debate which of the two the internet actually is.
SSH was free and open through 1.2.12, then Ylonen closed it.
So OSSH forked that and OpenBSD forked that into OpenSSH.
People can still pay ssh.com for "product" if it makes them happy.

@_date: 2014-12-12 04:01:10
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Toxic Combination 
What I'm saying in general is that non of these protocols
have intrinsic return to their "inventors", nor do they have
a "revenue only" usage model (cannot be used to build something
that is free).
Yes, same example of SSH history / .com .
That comes from the free and open ness of the protocol development process,
it's not tied to revenue choices by those who elect to use the protocol.
Good point, patents, I forgot that, the one specific exeption to my rule
where the protocol was designed, or at least held out, for revenue itself.
The developer chose to give the protocol away freely as open source.
And earned millions for adopting early.
free open source software / protocols / patent free rfc's, etc
The choice to generate revenue by embedding todays largely
free protocols is yours. Protocols are just protocols.

@_date: 2014-12-16 00:39:40
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A TRNG review per day: Skipping EntropyKey 
If one's goal is to objectively review keys, then one must review the
keys without exception. Otherwise it throws cloud over things..
Any selections and exceptions must all have followed the same metric,
such as costing too much to procure for test, with pursuant requests
for loaners for review all denied by the manufacturer. With any relationships
disclosed or recused. "Respect" is subjective and not a valid reason,
nor is "critical review" not a form of praise. Reviewers need to develop
the goals, processes, test items, and policies of their reviews before
engaging in them. Unless one's goal is to be subjective, a good review
leaves that matter to the reader.

@_date: 2014-12-20 17:10:32
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] GHCQ Penetration of Belgacom 
It doesn't matter what a chipmaker provides and claims as truth today.
Anyone, spy or not, anywhere in the chain from design to fab could
insert anything, there are probably not enough internal control and
validation programs in place to find it. And if something untrustworthy
is sucessfully implanted or simply produced TOP SECRET approved,
who on the outside is going to find it? No one publicly open, external, and
disinterested is sampling these chips off the shelves and decapping them,
or exhausting all possible input data against expected output, or has eyes
in the fabs. Until the world has truly open fabs, you might as well assume
it's game over.
Similarly, we can't even get rid of default firmware passwords, baseband, bad
crypto, closed source, vPro, and all the other examples of potentially
things possibly against the user... including NSA style spying and corporate
datamining tagged with your name.
Can you apply enough pressure to get rid of closed fabs, and the elements
within governments and corporations that think up, perform and produce this
kind of stuff?

@_date: 2014-12-30 01:38:52
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, 
JYA, you, as the original publisher of various and valued datasets...
the responsibility to calculate, sign, and publish said hashes rests with
you alone. Please consult with any trusted parties should you need
assistance in such matters. A future of archivers, disseminators, and
analysts will thank you.

@_date: 2014-12-30 22:53:20
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] <JYA> Hash this motherfucker, 
You mean the quarterly circle jerk about random numbers, PKI,
standards, committees, and whatever else gets routinely hashed
to death?
I'd consider models of hashing and signing distributed materials
as a serious and necessary applied crypto conversation. Not
least of why because many of the people on these lists have no
idea how to actually do such things, let alone well.
Being said, there are good crypto talks, code/design reviews,
etc here too.

@_date: 2014-12-30 23:22:26
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, 
All due respect to Cryptome, and points well made and taken.
Yet this isn't really an effective response to the issue at hand.
While we should and must be skeptical... until contrary proof
exists we should be taking advantage of all means available
regarding distribution integrity and even provenance and secret
comms if desired. That's hard, it involves some work, and homework.
Yet until such proof, it's probably better than going bare assed to
the Sun.
Interestingly true in some regards. Yet in the context herein, it's
probably not the place to make a stand. Especially considering
the stand itself is in one's very existance all so long. Is it not?
Oh were there but more of this kind, be they true or not :)

@_date: 2014-12-31 15:26:24
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] John Gilmore: Cryptography list 
Likely Trilight Zone is not an app (like cspace), it's a service
(like other/similar services they claim to be concerned about
in media-35535.pdf). Best used in the noted conjunction '+' chains.
CSpace looks like a single hop p2p transport net, with
some API'd apps included.
 at tachyon.in/

@_date: 2014-02-01 16:35:41
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The crypto behind the blackphone 
I would suggest that profit making companies who would in fact
benefit greatly from being able to advertise their use of such
an open secure baseband when said is developed, and who do
not have such interest/capability in house, should wish to donate
promote and support external efforts to produce said baseband.
Corral and coordinate partnerships therein, etc.

@_date: 2014-02-01 16:43:27
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The crypto behind the blackphone 
And apply industry and legislative pressure/voice from their
position as business company to assist in enabling and driving
production of said baseband until such time as the initial
development producer organisation group of it have sufficient voice.

@_date: 2014-02-06 00:01:42
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] who cares about actual randomness? 
Audits, randomness and strict process are all important and needed
of course, some of us probably work in gaming... yet the end result
of those efforts are more interesting...
The employess, very likely. The auditors, less likely. Peer
and public pressure probably drives integrity in this arena
more than 'these people', perhaps in govt, would on their own.

@_date: 2014-02-13 21:04:26
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Are Tor hidden services really hidden? 
People really should read the Tor documentation and try
out the client alongside it before speculating on how it
works, what it is good against or not, what has or hasn't
happened to users and why, etc.

@_date: 2014-01-11 02:35:39
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for 
Many of these open hardware ideas come down to the fab level...
can you examine (and trust) the fab process. Sure, publish all your
schematics, VHDL, die masks, etc. But unless some number of
random people can routinely make unannounced access-all-areas
verification visits to the fab to verify those masks are the ones in use,
it's moot. Or unless they can pull unannounced random samples
and decap and analyse them, it's moot. That's why I've previously
suggested people get together to making hardware RNG's out of
discrete components... you don't have those worries then.
I agree with the softcore loadable fpga and probe points ideas, they're
good things. But in general, once you exceed a certain number of
presupplied closed source and relatively unauditable gates [1], you
should consider yourself potentially and generally fucked... and
start taking a serious defense in depth approach.
[1] Let's call it the number required to perform dumb leaks or take
pseudo intelligent actions against you. The current lineup from
Intel/AMD certainly fall in this category.  As would quite a few
lesser things... ARM, phones, cards, etc... firmware things.
Does it not scare you that the next PC you're about to buy
for your firewall is one of these systems, potentially hiding out
to honor magic packets? Look at AMD's new CPU's coming
out in a few weeks... besides gate count we all know about, it
has embedded ARM cores. And just who is going to bring
the aforesaid open model upon this class of gear? So it's
+1 for spooks.

@_date: 2014-01-30 23:34:29
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The crypto behind the blackphone 
How would this be any different than what the guardian (and
other phone SW projects) are developing, other than shipment
of a phone preloaded with your flavor of Android OS?
(And perhaps also offering IMEI/SIM cell service?)
As opposed to the user flashing Android-ROM-OS into any
compatible phone and choosing their service. Thus, save that
convenience, why?
This question shouldn't imply such products aren't needed.
Note some open phone HW projects are selling hardware
to which you apply your droid SW rom. Though we're likely
at least a handful of years away from seeing a genuinely
'open design' baseband HW layer in a phone, they are
talking about approaching it.

@_date: 2014-07-16 01:32:11
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The next gen P2P secure email solution ["meta" data] 
Well, when you give up those rights by still disclosing your
source IP and trusting your 'destination organization' [aka provider]
with address info regarding you and who you're mailing... it's not much
of a solution. Put in as many classes as you want... besides the body
of the message which you control, you can't fix centralized Email.
Here's another class of provider and browser based non solutions...
There's a thread of this subject ongoing that acknowledges Email
can't really be fixed against the issues of the day... and discusses
other possible messaging designs towards a next gen solution...
The goal is likely one or both of these over an anonymous P2P network...
o  direct delivery to your recipients online node.
o  stored delivery to same (push or pull, only exposes destination).
More interesting than wasting time on futility of old Email.

@_date: 2014-07-17 03:35:47
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
All currencies and property exhibit volatility, scandal and theft.
It is a laugh to suggest otherwise, especially for anything 'new'.
And of course there will be new digital currency 'companies'. Let's
just call them what they will be, large central banks and govt's.
But none of them will have the property that their currency is not
under their control. Other than the obivous head start bitcoin has
in the digital currency game, that is what bitcoin offers
philosophically... freedom from control. No company can or will
offer that with their currency. And people are choosing freedom to
the tune of roughly $100M moved per day [1] when they could just
as easily use the current centralized digital currencies of
CC/ACH/wire. If bitcoin itself ends up not scaling well enough, or
being anonymous enough, or resistant enough to centralization...
another decentral digital currency will do better and take its place.
The only real question is, will a decentralized currency such as
bitcoin beat the centralizers in the race to global adoption by the
masses? And similarly to reach point of no return adoption before
centralizers realize it's too late to say no?
You really don't want to let big central things emerge (here
$trillion-dollar corps), bad things always happen with that.

@_date: 2014-07-20 01:45:35
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] hard to trust all those root CAs 
The mozilla bundle includes about 150. It would be nice if the
new cert observatoris publish a count of how many end certs
they see each root cert covers... a topN list of sorts. Then you
could save some time by including the N of your choice into your
'empty by default' list. I think the distribution would be severly
skewed to maybe top 10 or 15 covers most any place.

@_date: 2014-07-20 02:21:21
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
Thing is, having seen the possibilities, people actually *want*
this freedom from central control, in a bad way, and they're willing
to act to get it. They also realize that if they, and the entire
community, don't act together to maintain the decentralization they
have... then it's over. That's why ghash.io (the largest pool) just
announced that they will not exceed 40%. Down from 55% to 32% now...
And why BTC isn't exactly rushing to support regulation...
Further, again, since people want decentral, if some large entity
does manage a BTC takeover, no problem... all users ok with that
will stay with the now central coin, and the free decentral people
will just exchange their coin (or fork) into whatever is the current
decentral coin. Repeat as needed.
So far BTC has a good history of actively cooperating to avoiding
central. Excepting mining companies (ie: the 10% corps, who have
made similar self limiting statements), the VC money seems to stay
out of the coin itself and is being placed in surrounding service
ventures... exchanges, banking, processors, wallets, retail.
In the end years from now, maybe only three coin will remain...
- A World central
- A State central
- A World decentral/anon/etc
With all of them being roughly similar in acceptance, volatility, etc.
People spend more than a dollar to post mail, or drive to the store.
It will be a long time before the ASIC and electric cost to clear
a transaction (at whatever network transaction demand rate) exceeds
palatability, if ever. Pick a projected compute power, node count,
required tx rate (at 100% utilization) and then basically figure
gigawatt and gigahash dollars per tx.
A guesstimate with current state and data?
- Installing double current hashrate to take 50+% costs about $130M
  in retail hardware alone. Less for a real deployment.
- About $10k/hr to power it. More for cooling, support, bandwidth.
- About $0.40/tx-current spread over a year. Much less if running
  at 100% tx rate capacity. Up to twice more due to doubling current
  hashrate.
Right now that amount is being covered by coin mining profit.
The future taper of coin production vs then current market value
of coin vs tx fees will be interesting. And ASIC platforms have yet
to reach performance plateau. The base tx cost is cost of the coin
algorithm to support a given required tx rate. That seems quite
low. The race (difficulty) to claim the tx fee profit drives it up.
Yet the hardware market is open, yielding a level playing field.
So as long as the required tx rate can be met affordably within the
algorithm, this is unlikely to be an issue.
Cost of tx rates also naturally moderate the proportion of users
amongst each payment system. It remains to be seen, once all the
various BTC costs are fully optimized, if BTC can handle tx rates
approaching the credit cards. Even if not, that doesn't keep it
from utility own natural rate limit.
Some seriously big players don't seem to have any problem with BTC...
Well, since BTC is nothing but experimental scrap metal, please be
sure to send yours (and that of all your central fiat loving friends)
off for proper recycling to my recycle bin here...
Liked or learned something from the links, etc? Tips go here, I'll
buy a miner / tx processor, or do something generally useful...

@_date: 2014-07-20 19:00:52
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
No better way to naysay BTC than to break the crypto and wash
everyone out. $Billions gone, and a permanent seat in the research
hall of fame ;-) (BTW, where are the BTC insurance companies...)
I'd agree that actual market float outstanding is thin right now.
Yet different from purely propping things up, speculation is all
about assessing future value and making moves accordingly today...
Not so fast! Yes, Dell accepts dollars (subject to whatever BTC
holdback they, like Overstock, may be specifying). However obtaining
those dollars is totally dependant on Coinbase's ability to convert
BTC to dollars on exchange or privately. And Coinbase is surely
nowhere near whole enough from commissions to be able to back their
contracts against any significant outstanding float in a long price
dive situation. Therefore Dell *is* in the BTC game before dollars
on these sales, regardless of the denomination they're booking. So
is everyone else who 'accepts' BTC. Dell and others are large
companies, with well paid accountants and lawyers... it takes more
than whim of 'marketing BS' for them to put a BTC sticker on their
The BTC market has been in a fairly steady log uptrend over the
long term. The 'collapses' people speak of are, in that context,
spikes returning to normal. All new markets and properties undergo
price discovery. It's a continual process. Ever watch the NYSE,
it's volatile too.
There is no 'useful for this or useful for that' concerning things
riding on top of this tech... the underlying model, including the
social contract aspects, either works for all uses, or for none.
It's either broken or it's not.
Neither will credit/debit cards. Nor is your fiat paper of choice
'real money' either, it's just called money by default. (Probably
because the next default, real property, is hard to fit in your
pocket.) Digital currencies will, like 'money', operate in the layer
above real property.
Again, here's the recycle bin for your trash, this time I'll even
waive the recycling fee... ;)
50% is not a magical binary breakpoint, it merely permits more
influence as the share moves along the scale from 50% to 100%.
Right now, the $130M plus expenses (or $27M plus for ghash) that
is needed to reach 50% seems to not be worth it to anyone.
Who is graphing the cost-to-50%? And the cost-to-50% to market cap,
volume, and quantity ratios? Those would be interesting and important
graphs to watch.
$130M is nothing to someone who wants to own a currency. So why
hasn't it happened to BTC yet? Perhaps because the value of BTC
owes a lot to its decentralization. If so, and you take that away,
you're risking your own value before you start. And risking an
exodus fork.
Just as easy as it was to add BTC to Dell's checkout in N days time,
adding another currency is easy if yours (or your takeover) fails,
or customers continue to demand a decentral one.
And you're not going to win a takeover anyways because no one will
tolerate you blocking their transactions... no entity survives
having 50, 40, 30 percent of its users in abject protest against
theft, loss of value and service, and principle. Among other things,
you'd be prosecuted, sued, DDoS'd off the net, badmouthed, and
forked against.
Probably better to start your own digital currency and put $115M
into marketing and $15M into central hardware.
That only applies to mining 'companies'. Mining 'pools' derive
their share from the users who elect to use them. Of course a
pool could become a company. And a company could uphold the
social contract.
The Ghash was a remarkable social contract event by both shedding
users and users leaving. It's happened before, and each time it
does it underscores the importance of the contract to the currency
to everyone involved.
In the end, if anyone succeeds in taking/making any private/centralized
coin, there will be some users who follow it, and some people who
reject it in favor of other decentral coin.
Digital banking and transacting has been done for decades. Banks
could have made ACH/Wire compellingly attractive to users and the
marketplace. But they waited, and didn't, and lost the chance...
just like telcos lost the internet and music lost itself.
As with those things, crypto in the 90's and overlay networks today,
what is really being tested with BTC along with the tech, are meta
concepts such as freedom, regulation, where value is stored, law,
At the moment it would be quite hard to say decentral digital
currency is failing or holds little long term prospect.
You can fund more drunken rambling here... :)

@_date: 2014-07-22 03:24:16
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Hashing power of attackers 
The Bitcoin network is bruteforcing at about $950k/PH/s of
double SHA-256 on ASIC, plus expenses. So under $1/B.
If it grows 100x larger that's about 185y full search for $13B.

@_date: 2014-07-23 17:42:02
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] hard to trust all those root CAs 
Neat. I should have worded better as to be visualizing the tree from the
roots to the AlexaTop500, plus selected other sets such as all universities,
all global $Gigacorps, etc.

@_date: 2014-07-26 01:01:56
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] propaganda on "hurdles for law enforcement" 
Proliferation is a political means. Keep on proliferating,
proliferate widely, proliferate fast, get all your friends and
business on it, get the public on it, remove the capability
for legacy plaintext, and embed and entrench crypto
deeper than the Marianas.
Also, call/visit/write your MP/congresscritter and
give them your concerns about backdoors and
your freedom/rights, your life being meta'd, recorded,
analyzed and stored forever for no good reason
(for which an interest in crypto and speech isn't one).
Proliferate and speak!

@_date: 2014-07-27 16:20:07
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] propaganda on "hurdles for law enforcement" 
It's about entrenching good crypto and its benefits *before* govt's can
react without needing to expend extra effort to rip out said entrenchment.
HD was better and opened spectrum, so people didn't rise against buying
new TV's, especially for smaller cheaper LED vs CRT. Health was better
and cars rusty, so people didn't rise against new cars, especially for cheaper
and more fuel economy. Gov't wins when they offer something people want.
The sooner you entrench something they want... crypto protection
from 'the spies'... the sooner gov't will have a very hard time taking it away.
Crypto is like candy to a world of newspawn Snowden babies... hard to pull
once given. So start giving it away...
Take those cowards you know out to the gun range and show them how to fix
their house and cars. Man them up out of irrational fear and into confidence.
People are pumped full of FUD, hard to combat directly, so tricky end
arounds are needed. Anonymously pamphlet your workplace with EFF.
Apparently Zuckerberg, Saverin, Moskovitz, Sandberg and others
of Jewish heritage behind Facebook have forgotten what collecting,
processing and benefiting from data on users can turn into. As ones
who should know, why are they collecting and not out there 'explaining'?
Again, hard to combat. Make it real for them... everything they do
is collected, stored, watched... convos, pics, mail, a life of their
expressed thoughts... without their consent, forever. Count the
cameras on your ride home from work, the junkmail in your post,
the ads in your browser.
It's also relatively easy to stop by local party offices and ask 'Hey,
what are you guys doing about all this spying stuff?'. Presenting
issues in person is hard to ignore, I've had good experiences with
local official types.

@_date: 2014-07-27 19:01:09
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Browser JS (client side) crypto FUD 
Yes, it's nice and helps. It just needs to come with better
disclaimers. Otherwise companies/providers that remain
silent on their threat models do nothing but tarnish themselves
amongst those that know better. Such silence could backfire.
Whether they get used as an bad example in security presentations,
or something happens to one or more of their users they effectively
sold (or gave) snakeoil to.
Please provide link to your source that breaks down Email use by
HTTP, IMAP/SMTP and legacy POP. And their crypted versions.
The problem is the context of where in the network you got the
software from, and who you're using it with, and who you're trying
to keep in the dark.
If your first install or subsequent updates are from your mail,
storage, or comms central service provider, etc... that's a major
and direct conflict of your security interests. It's why Matasano
objects.  You don't download your OS from your adversary.
On the other hand, if you obtain and use the code independantly
of your provider, or the code creates a disinterested decentral
P2P infrastructure (Freenet, etc)... then you're in a much better
position. You've inserted a layer of independance/abstraction.
Similar to installing gnupg to use independantly...
You should be able to download openpgp.js from the code distribution
point, read any audits, check the sig, locally load and permanently
lock it into your browser from your plugins directory. And then
mail providers should develop a consistant RFC based API from which
you interact with them so you don't have to download whatever blob
they claim you need.
Directly trusting codeloading works fine for internal corporate
environments. But it's a really bad idea elsewhere.
Examples of careful differences in security model...
Holds the keys
Provides the code
Browser addon (likely dependant on provider webmail scraping 'API':
remember attempts to scrape providers that did not offer IMAP/POP.)
Standalone webclient
 Standalone UI

@_date: 2014-07-29 15:45:45
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] propaganda on "hurdles for law enforcement" 
This is because they are in fear of the people. So they feel the
need to mass surveil them in order to stay on top of potential
issues with their position that could lead to, ultimately, revolt.
Why are they in fear? Because they are doing wrong, if not for their
own individual selves, for the collective power at the top.
Any true servant of the people will have no such fear or need because
no one can point any finger at them... they serve, they do not rule.
You will never, ever, under any circumstance, vote for (in the US)
either of the two parties so long as they continually play into an
effective one party system. You will only vote for other third and
further parties, and rarely choose incumbents among such, unless
they are shown to serve the people. You will not fail to vote such
thirds unless there is no third candidate. A vote for Dem/Rep (in
US) is an obviously wasted vote supporting maintenance of power,
the effective 'one party' system... not servants.
It is exactly right. Only reason media focus wins is because sheep
eyeballs believe and flock to it. It is self reinforcing. Media is
especially guilty of choosing to profiteer from these sheep rather
than pursue real journalism. You must break that bullshit feedback
Hope and Change... lol.

@_date: 2014-06-07 22:40:22
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Reset The Net day! And LeastAuthority.com update 
Anonymously sending them a $20 bill donation in the mail marked with the
account name works wonders. You don't seriously think life is truly free
and without cost do you? And you must subscribe to certain principles.

@_date: 2014-06-08 01:51:18
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police 
Faraday cages concept really depend on the freqs they are designed
to inhibit, pressure, sound, radio, optic, etc. Given wide enough freqs,
one cage does not service all.
A fridge has plastec and magnetic gaskets, over maybe 2cm variant
gap, so not a complete EM seal (at whichever specifical freqs).
And grounding issue. But good at human sound deading.
Microwave door shield is closer to cell phone freq shield.
If you cannot simply remove the battery preferably, that is.
As always, test first. And is easy to find phones to test
all phone bands with.

@_date: 2014-06-08 02:05:00
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police 
Trust the microwave you tested, right, because you do not know
what quality DSP is pricessing your remaining 5dB audio over
your entire conversation. Or put microwave in fridge ;)
aka: remove battery / crush/displace phone... be happy.

@_date: 2014-06-11 15:28:42
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin compute power 
Holding is speculating a high future price, for which you're better off
simply buying coins as said price usually exceeds interim mining returns
(within your own speculative time-to-price estimates that is).
You mine because you gen blocks of 'free' coins for yourself.
There has always been a shallow ROI+profit period with each
line within CPU -> GPU -> ASIC. That drives bulk petahash buying
to beat the curve. Once ASIC speeds can no longer be improved,
and everyone has deployed current rigs into that ROI at costs
equilibrium, there is no more free profit on new coins alone (even
though some new coins are still slowly coming in as partial cost
offset) and network supply/demand kicks in. To meet costs, you
must then either raise trans fees, or shutdown your rigs. Simple.
The real question is, what will post-max-ASIC-speed
trans fees level out at, and who will be in the game
driving them. Curiously, so long as you can deploy
the same max-speed-ASIC's they have at similar costs,
you can always charge the same (plus or minus a tiny
delta to try for more profit/volume, that depends a lot on
the number of players, congestion, price, etc)... market economics.
Right now everyone's budget calcs are still on mining free blocks
to cover costs and profit so real supply and demand has yet
to set in.

@_date: 2014-06-13 20:52:11
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ghash.io hits 50% of the Bitcoin compute power 
Wuh, false, last I checked unlike other networks, there are no
serialized "coins" being passed around. You're awarded
ownership of a balance in a public ledger by signatories that check
your initial work of solving a hard math problem... the digging your own
gold part of "mining". You spend off parts of that balance by signing it
away to others and injecting that transaction to the net for
validation by signatories (the other role of miners), who then add
it to the ledger. If everybody agrees that todays height is legit, nobody
can go back in time to alter that, because the millions
of people with that legit historical ledger will call bullshit.
51+% only matters to future proposed ledger entries.
Hoarders balance are safe, but will only have use if there's
a good net left post-attack to transact upon. It's hard
to do a targeted attack with small majority. And some
people may continue trading unawares under a growing
majority. It's best to watch the pie charts, forums, and any
warnings from the client alert net and boycott trading until
mining reverts to normal.

@_date: 2014-06-14 00:24:46
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ghash.io hits 50% of the Bitcoin compute power 
Because the former owner signed the 'coins' over to the public
key in question, confirmed all the way back to their first generation,
in a ledger back to the genesis. You were given (bought) the deed
of your house from someone, confirmed by many titles before
in recorders ledger, right?
Everyone who says, "well, my chain was at this height
before suspect 51% attack (or other) issue, let's compare."
Though that's an event you *really* want to avoid. Thus for
their own good people will move off ghash.io. Or will plain stop
transacting and starve the pools of trans fees and trans
to scam.
And how many dollars on hardware and power would an
'unknown' pool of say government or criminals need to
reach 51% on their own for disruption or profit? By now,
maybe an amount that might be hard to keep quiet.
There are verifiable and agreed upon checkpoints...
Agreed there is a lot of trust, crazy trust, and the adoption in actual business
using it (not simply user2user beer and pizza trade), is a bit amazing.
So far it's held up. Try to break it or game it, mathematically or
operationally, huge recognition for anyone who does.
Those with personal money (not mined) in their hoards are on their own risk
decision on that, at least until say the ten year mark and the laws prove out.
Others have mined or can mine, or invest, to recover/recoup their entry
which makes it free for them.
The rest seem to get in, buy a pizza, and get out (perhaps wisely).
Lots people should read, learn and evaluate, me too. Meanwhile, I
don't have a problem putting some disposable funds into holding,
trading, commerce, or related bitcoin business and seeing what happens.
Call me stupid, seems more fun, profitable and useable than blowing
lottery tickets would be. And if that's all it's ever good for you can have
my wallet after you break Bitcoin ;-)

@_date: 2014-06-19 12:31:38
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Preventing proof-of-work outsourcing in bitcoin 
You should also post your proposal on bitcointalk.org. There
is also reference to bitcoin-dev list therein.

@_date: 2014-06-19 17:27:53
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] encrypting hard drives (was Re: Shredding a file 
And as in the design papers/blogs, Oracle ZFS seems to have some
data that is not encrypted that arguably should be.
In the OpenZFS world, you deploy each OS's FDE underneath ZFS.
OpenZFS will likely add native encryption feature flag someday to
satiate those who want per dataset keying, etc... but, thanks to Oracle,
anything post zfs28/zpool5 might not end up interoperating.

@_date: 2014-06-19 19:17:46
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] encrypting hard drives (was Re: Shredding a file 
That's actually not a problem.
Only if customer demand (pay) Oracle for it.
After Oracle pissed on Sun and said fuck you to opensource,
that is expected. The ZFS model and code bulk are open now
and have a home. Check back in a year.

@_date: 2014-06-20 17:30:54
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] How big a speedup through storage? 
8 rounds, lot more to go.
I believe the square footage is public, if not guesstimate by parking spaces etc
in JYA's sat photos. Then fill it to the brim with nothing but 6TB
drives, less some
space for racks, aisles, power, network at say 50% better density than industry
best [1]. That's your physical upper bound.
$10M in drives at consumer pricing will get you a raw 177PB, or 236PB at double
the space and power. Or $1B for 17EB. Budget is an issue.
Give it a shot on paper, best estimate wins...
[1] If all you care about is storage, you plug drives into tiny custom
storage fabric
asics and present giant block devices at the end of each row or room, not into
bulky servers. Commodity CPU's have 64bit address space, ZFS covers that.
Or go custom access/compute on your data as well.

@_date: 2014-06-21 03:10:58
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] How big a speedup through storage? 
Of course, 8 rounds at 2^unreachable is not practical.
I meant as answer 'estimates on how big' question. Take what we know
about storage, figure in some good efficiencies for the 'storage only' case.
And figure what can be bought and operated year on year per foot. You could
hide/support $1B + $1B/year but $10B/yr would be hard given entire intel
budget is $80B, or $50+B if you drop mil. So...
1) How big can you get within budget?
2) What can you do with it re: a) crypto, or b) otherwise?

@_date: 2014-03-07 03:51:57
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Btcoin -- bubble or investment opportunity? 
Daily delta in BTC extant  x  daily price, both historical... would be closer to
another more real market cap. I've no idea what that amount would add up to.
As a currency, yes that seems a better approach.
Some would guess to use network coin flux or exchange volume, but those
are obviously as incorrect to use figure real value as 'coins x price' is now.
24h...: Unfortunately the payment clearing houses (and the indies going direct
to exchange) don't seem to be reporting their volumes and fiats like
creditcards and corp stock filings do today. But I don't think that equates to
actual open float either, just settled trans.
As Ian said, lots of things like metric reporting get skipped when upstart
brick and mortar wannabees skip best b&m practices.
So we don't really know. Though $7 was a long time ago, ahem,
at least to the current price expectation in the market...
Highly doubt it, I'd settle for stabile endpoint in $1-10k range.
Even if a regulatory dream happens, it probably won't scale to
truly support the valuation people on forums believe it will.

@_date: 2014-03-07 04:23:14
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Are Tor hidden services really hidden? 
Drugs usually do that to you. Also keep in mind that there are no confirmed
on the record cases to date of a Tor 'break/weakness' having been used to
find a user. It appears to be only user error.
This is one of the three recent and related papers to read, the curious
can find them linked on the Tor blog. They don't really involve crypto,
just network analysis.

@_date: 2014-05-13 20:08:57
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is it time for a revolution to replace TLS? 
Err, that x509 has failed as implemented in the 'global' CA model.
There never was the 'one true CA' [1], housed at ARIN or the UN
or some such, from which all downstream CA's [revokeably] spawn.
It's really just who pays and doc's up enough to be put in NSS as a
commercial competitor. And that only covers rogue / counter CPS
CA's, not all the click-to-accept mitm stuff outside of that.
[1] It would be interesting to research the very first NSS CA entries
such as with navigator or with MS browser 15+ years ago. And any
divergence from early acceptance/hierarchy models.

@_date: 2014-05-13 22:10:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is it time for a revolution to replace TLS? 
Of course single root is a big issue. Similar failure is people
just taking on hundred of roots into all their systems
blindly, and then foolishly trusting the tin wrapper. Well
managed PKI works great, unfortunately usually only
found in private use.
'TLS' hasn't really failed in regard to bogus certs / mitm, that's
PKI's scope. Though TLS is nowadays quite bloated in
supporting old protocols / algos. Good to see it being
worked over. I probably meant to deconflate [1's] tls issues
from cert/mitm/trust issues, but it didnt come out that way.

@_date: 2014-11-01 02:51:55
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Best internet crypto clock: hmmmmm... 
Quality counterfeiters of US notes don't care what BEP/FED/TREAS
discloses, they just reverse engineer the bills. Also note that bills before
1990 have nearly trivial security and are still legal tender. There is a model
year vs. timespan "ain't seen one of those lately" acceptance risk with
older bills but that's about it. Either way, don't worry, your average gov't
deflates bill value by printing, more than any counterfeit factory ever
would want to.
Note that paper money can be cloned with far less cost than
any known attack on say Bitcoin, and with more profit since
you still have the bills, but unless you can steal a tiny percent
of the coins quietly all you'd do is bring the network trust to zero.

@_date: 2014-11-13 22:38:11
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ISPs caught in STARTTLS downgrade attacks 
Win! (For them and their cronies that is.)
Traditional mail providers love:
a) Money
b) Plaintext
c) Control
They have stakes in their own game, you are not a stakeholder,
thus they are not your friends.
In this world, your only friend is you. You need to thus:
a) Donate to account agnostic infrastructures that you use
b) Remain in control of all keying and encrypt everything
c) Use a P2P model, retain control, no more 'accounts', accounts
   are control and privacy failures individualized just for you
The traditional email model as we know it is fucked. You CANNOT fix
'Email'. And anyone who claims they can is full of shit. The model
is broken. You have to throw it out and create a new messaging model.
No!, there is no privacy there whatsoever.
1) All addressing/envelope info is recorded/imaged at the processing
facility, tracked, stored forever, and shared with adversaries.
2) Users are similarly imaged and linked via payments at drop off
and pick up.
3) It's not encrypted.
4) The user has to trust untrustworthy entities with 1, 2 and 3.
That is abject failure! To even bring it up as supposedly being
secure, even if only to compare models with grandma... is ludicrous.
The post is secure by fiat, and these days the word of fiat isn't
enough to buy the damn stamp. Even grandma will tell you that.
You cannot fix Email. Period.
The only real solution is messaging end user to end user over an
anonymous encrypted P2P network.
Here's a long thread on that you can read and start working towards:
The next gen P2P secure email solution

@_date: 2014-11-18 23:23:19
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
aka: Failure! (to ever move meaningfully forward)
Neither is.
Blocking is Failure! (of their brains to think).
Filtering is Failure! (to realize mail is going dark and users
need to do their own filtering in their own local receive stream
with their own tools or click to install apps for dummies, call it
adblockplus for mail).
Not anymore, see dark above.
Used to be noble, like in the 90's, now it's just money/evil.
Build your own community ISP instead.

@_date: 2014-11-19 14:25:37
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] STARTTLS, 
Today some people on this list tried to tell me that 'Port 25 is SMTP'.
That's funny because I use it for SSH.
Yes it was.
It's doublespeak now, said political promises vanish once elected.
If the discriminators get their way you better hope you have
real estate in the Balkans.
Yes they are. You better encrypt the net now before they're
able to inject that power twist into arguments of political arms.
Just like AdBlockPlus, user's mail clients should be shipped and
extensible with simple local filtering spam/virus/malware processing
engines. Users, having no such simple plugin tools available to them
in early days, complained of spam which drove provider/anti filtering
more than providers separate ability to handle the traffic load did. All
the anti position did for providers was shift their cost from disk spool
storing it to cpu rejecting it. And users got censorship tools developed
and deployed against them in return. Failure!
Users need to do their own filtering and encrypt now.

@_date: 2014-11-19 16:05:02
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
Blah blah blah same old tired centralized intermediary smtp email
services, lack of privacy/anonymity, and application of control/censorship.
If the goal is not dreamily large enough and totally revolutionary,
nothing will happen but regurgitated refits instead of replacements.
Try setting the goal of P2P messaging over an encrypted anonymous
P2P overlay network instead. Do you believe pigs can fly? I do.
More central censorship and control. Where's my DNA based
onramp access and Clipper card again... must have left it in the
tax machine.

@_date: 2014-11-19 20:17:42
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
Indeed. Many seem to be missing the hidden extension / meaning
of whitewashed quasi-political statements like those of the IAB
that are now coming from various entities, and it's a point that
needs made directly, at least regarding one aspect of things...
It's not anymore about 'should encrypt by default'... continuing
to give yourselves the lazy fallback excuse of oppurtunistic crypto
and waiting for someone else to do it. It's not anymore about asking
your masters for permission to do what is not regulated today, or
giving them seats and chance to muddle / dictate your protocols
before they're developed / deployed.
It's about 'must encrypt' and turning plaintext completely off NOW!
It's about telling all the lazy oppurtunistic fiber tapping passive
surveillors, (who are today breaking fundamental inalienable human
rights not just regulations, and without asking first)... to FUCK
OFF! This is not a time to play nice and compromise... it's war,
one which they started against you. So deploy your crypto now, far
and wide, and faster than the enemy can respond. Mass internet
entrenchment has a winning history against subsequent fiat.
We won the first crypto war, now it's time to win the second one.
Flip the crypto switch, from off to on. Don't ask, don't tell, just
do it.
Mail providers and web services... turn plaintext off!
Banks, schools, utilities, blogs, socialnets, OS distributions,
user applications... the public facing, used by the public, whole
lot of you... everyone, everywhere... just turn plaintext off!
All plaintext transports over the internet... OFF!
Even decentralized P2P applications such as chat / filesharing apps
that wish no model using CA certs, can still enforce crypto by
skipping cert checking under self-signed certs or using [EC]DHE
style crypto session negotiation.
There's no lack of capability or support among all these internet
facing services and apps used by the general public anymore. Every
OS / library can deal with TLS 1.0+ or key negotiation for that.
And you don't need some grand crypto scheme that you all love to
pontificate in endless circles about right now either. Just turn
the damn plaintext OFF and tell everyone to go read the FAQ and
update their end if they can't connect. Then worry about your pie
in the sky later. It doesn't have to be perfect, all you need to
do is shift the game from taking cheap passive global wire surveillance
up the ass, to requiring more expensive targeted active attacks.
Simply turning off the plaintext does that, it's a huge win!
And while you're at it, set up a nonprofit CA foundation to issue
free certs and get it added to the Mozilla and MS cert stores
specifically for the purpose of accomplishing 'plaintext off'. CA's
are useless profiteers who couldn't authenticate their own ass as
customers anyways, and cert stores are uselessly bloated with both
them and enemy entities... so just give the damn certs away to
anyone who can publish a proof of ownership flag / TLS cert on the
forward reference to their own services... simply to quiet self-signed
warnings. Nice to see something like this just dropped as I write:
Pick July 4 2015 as the day to disable plaintext, since by then
everything worth anything will support TLS 1.2 / good negotiation
parameters, and it's a fitting meme.
And if you don't like that flag, hoist another one...
Now quit reading, making excuses and waiting... the enemy will just
stomp all over your flag. Go get started on your code, updates and
crypto configs... you've got a flag day to make.

@_date: 2014-11-24 23:30:29
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Blogpost: CITAS, 
Security is not bringing more people onto your net or with you
as partners, let alone biased LE. Do you let cops sleep in your
house to protect you? What about that little dimebag you like to
toke on Fridays? Besides, if they want the service, corps don't
need LE to do what they can already do together neutrally on
their own, or by subscribing to equivalent commercial honeypot
services. What is this, infraguard 2.0? Clipper? Dept of redundancy?
Big brother? TIA?
Also, latency/TTL detection of remote hosting..
Heads up to Tor people, and cpunks to carve it up further.

@_date: 2014-11-25 22:58:04
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Blogpost: CITAS, 
Following on some related and technical comments...
While my analogy and definition of security may not have been best
suited, nor is this reply, the point remains that there is nothing
special here for you as a corp. Anything you say that LE can provide
for *you* with honeypots can also be sourced internally or from the
open market and your subsequent call to LE to mop up upon discovery
of badness therein.
What is unique here is that LE will be classifying things learned
from the HP's as gov't secrets. That's a hard problem. As opposed
to telling you all of what you need to know to secure your own net
under internal policies and vendor contracts that you would otherwise
remain in control of.
Further, technically, parking an HP on your net only tells you about
what happens regarding via that HP, nothing else. And since you
must distrust this other party HP [1], then all you've got is a
cracked HP outside your trust zone, no different than any other box
on the internet. It's limited vantage point and bogus security
metrics argument.
Sure, the US gov't might be able, on the whole from this, to correlate
and expose more nation-state/international crime sources against
the US and embarrass some foreign diplomats. That's always a good
and fun thing [2]. And the services of LE are indeed valuable.
However do not make the mistake of thinking that *you yourself*
will benefit *directly* from this program, that's not what it's
designed for or capable of. In fact, you will be left out as dog
food in case of 'national security priorities/secrets' arise.
The responsibility for securing your net still rests with you and
you alone as always. The better way to be more secure is to ignore
these silly sales schemes and look same effort at your own processes,
weaknesses, code, OS/hardware, compartmentalization, etc. Maybe
<=1% of that ends up being the use of HP's. Improve those own things
overall and you'll be far better off.
Last, what if one day *you* _need_ to use a freedom network and
they've sybil'd up their nodes *against you*? Be careful what you
ask for and invite into your home in the name of security, you might
just get it... applied against you in time of need.
Well then the solution there is clear... get rid of the MS boxes,
and those who sold and administer them. Like HP's, nothing special
about MS either.
Time limited I maybe not reply further.
[1] For reasons of both sanity and legal insufficiency of any
indemnity offered.
[2] Note that some megacorps follow their own allegience... claiming
the flag of whichever market suits them best at the moment.

@_date: 2014-10-10 16:53:43
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptography, backdoors and the Second Amendment 
Though it is perhaps helpful for them to make such classification here:
a) that's in regards largely to exports, not internal use
b) the phrase is 'arms shall not', not 'things on our list shall not', so
any such classification list is irrelevent. Ignoring the NBC / large arms
debate, crypto is clearly small arms in this context and thus shall not
be infringed.
Crypto is also clearly necessary to the security of a free people, and thus
of/to the state being of the people. And shy of state failure requiring its use
in support of revolt, crypto is clearly a defensive arm primarily against
encroachment. In current example, mass surveillance, lack of individualized
warrant, abuse of process, abuse of implied right to privacy, of the 1st, 4th
and 5th, etc.
It would certainly be an interesting use/case/argument to explore and test.

@_date: 2014-09-01 13:54:25
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] cryptography Digest, Vol 16, Issue 26 
" Bear Aug 28 (4 days ago)
I've got one.  It's an envelope lined with copper foil. I get
the pass out when approaching a toll booth, and put it back
(and put the 'chip clip' back on the envelope to ensure that
the foil makes good electrical contact) as I pull away from
the toll booth.
A toggle switch would be nice, but we can be fairly confident
that a Faraday cage is working as designed. Bear. "
So you need active defense of plate masks/obfuscation
mechanichs... flip down blanking devices, character cards,
mask films on a loop roll motor, OLED plates. DIY 007. Drive masked,
reveal as needed. Worst case, you don't notice the cop car
near you and get a paper ticket for no plate or a hacked random
nonspec plate. $100+... better than daily loss of privacy to
intersection/roadside cams, google robot cars, etc.
Next battle... killing all the manufacturer supplied transponders
in your car...
Then your cell phone.

@_date: 2014-09-03 03:04:58
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] List of Proven Secure Ciphers / Hashes 
That's true for a lot (all?) of crypto.
So what if any ciphers, hashes, asymmetrics, etc make
up the list of formally proofed secure crypto besides the
one time XOR? Simple links would suffice.

@_date: 2014-09-15 02:44:09
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] List of Proven Secure Ciphers / Hashes 
So what is seemed to be said in all is that all of crypto (besides good
XOR) is based entirely on rather fantastical problems we don't know
how to solve today, yet whose solution might appear from some savant
literally tomorrow. (A seemingly quite laughable thing to base
crypto on.)
Alternatively, are there classes of solutions that we have proofed
unlikely to appear within some equivalent bit depth of hardness?
ie: solving problem x (which would break the crypto) is thought to
be at least as hard, or as unlikely to appear, as 2^128.
[x being some problem like efficient factoring]
[Note 'likelihood' could mean not just a singular solution but a
dependency chain of yet to be discovered maths such that discovering
all of them necessary for a break would be likely to be constrained
according to the historical time (mod progression) needed for major
discoveries. Also similar to Drake's calculating odds of intelligent
life in the universe... you can't proof the answer directly, but
you can be reasonably certain within given estimation.]

@_date: 2014-09-17 17:14:11
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Email encryption for the wider 
Putting keys into some_encoding at example.com might cover
some bases related to offline key lookup and message validation.
Most user and system mail tools would need changes to handle
string width and keytype, addressbooks updated, etc. Totally burying
OpenPGP, passphrase and key lookup/use behind a fully integrated
MUA GUI for grandma would work just as similarly well right now today
with no such encoding.
But in the end, all you're doing is covering the message body, and in today's
world that's clearly not enough. No one's yet solving the huge issues
with leaving mail exposed to what is essentially open-for-all-to-inspect central
storage and mail routing. The "who's IP talking to who", "From To Subject,
daemon headers, etc" metadata, when, how much/often, provider logs, someone
sending you unencrypted mail, you giving up your private keys to the
provider or running blobs they provide to you, etc. This is all unfixable with
traditional "Email" models.
This is why that to really solve anything more than the message body,
you need to go completely nextgen and turn that 'email address' into
an anonymous P2P overlay network node address, run your overlay
client [which supplies a mail/messaging front end] and send/receive
mail through that from/to your usual MTA/MUA/messaging toolchain.
The real work there is in pushing the P2P node count up...
- Research how many users globally might leave their messaging
node up 24x7 for a direct realtime overlay connection with the far
end "user at node"... 1/10/100/n*1000 million?
- Develop message storage [and forward/poll/expiry] within the
overlay for those that aren't in online mode.
- Determine any hardware limitations and thin client models.
There is an ongoing thread with the subject
 "The next gen P2P secure email solution"
that contains various people's initial thoughts/framework on this.

@_date: 2015-04-04 03:53:41
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How I Wish You Were Here... 
Musician and bitcoin believer Andrew Kalleen shows us how to stand up
for our rights as sovereign human beings with calmness dignity and

@_date: 2015-04-09 18:12:39
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Untrusted Turtles all the way down 
Because of stupid demands for backwards compatibility.
Until you convince people of the harm in that, it'll be one
turd on top of another forever. The IBM PC platform and its
applications and users are a perfect example of everyone
bleating for backwards compatibility and resisting change.
It's similarly why "email" as we know it cannot be fixed.
The only way to fix all its issues is to *replace* it.

@_date: 2015-08-19 02:21:01
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] CNSS Issues Memo on Shift to 
It's here (and on cryptome under the official filename)...
All ur linkclicks are...

@_date: 2015-12-17 03:09:36
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What should I put in notifications to NSA? 
How about linking to...
And if you're still worried,
develop stuff anonymously,
in/over anonymous networks.
And if they still care to bother to find you,
then your country's obviously shit and
you need a new one.
cc cpunks due to metzdowd thought police

@_date: 2015-12-17 04:06:14
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What should I put in notifications to NSA? 
It's unconstitutional in the same way gun laws and surveillance laws
and etc laws are. But let's all keep on happily and quietly complying
so they can give us more unconstitutional laws and silly paper violations
to comply with. Kudos.

@_date: 2015-12-17 04:46:04
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's PGP key. 
The NSA has proven to not be above doing things
that it can exploit / track / manage.

@_date: 2015-12-19 02:58:21
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What should I put in notifications to NSA? 
If you want to support / enable your government in that fashion and
purpose, that's your choice.
Maybe after thinking more on all the questionable things it is doing
under secrecy,
you and others might make a different choice.

@_date: 2015-12-20 00:39:20
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What should I put in notifications to NSA? 
No one argues this, yet one must recognize there is a delay line
involved following first implementors.
If selling to governments for certain of their use cases and inherent
reduction in delay is such decision.
All depends on whether one views state, and maintainership of state,
even given necessary change, as a higher cause than the people,
or any other cause.
Is not various necessary change throughout the world being
unduly held up by state.
Sell crypto to it for its purposes if you wish.
You will surely make dollars and friends there for your purposes.

@_date: 2015-12-28 22:31:45
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Understanding state can be important. 
[look it up on metzdowd]
Cry baby cry.
Yet whenever anyone suggests actually exploring parameters
(you know, doing work) of potential solutions such as open fabs...
it's all omg, cost, and we're stupid it's impossible, followed by crickets.
Baby is as baby does.

@_date: 2015-12-30 05:16:55
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Understanding state can be important. 
The minimal unix userland process count up to a basic window
manager is about ten, with all remote network bindings for same closed.
Learning unix is essential for those who want to do that.
BSD's usually have fewer layers of crap installed by default and
are generally more discrete, thus easier to minimize than Linux's.
As in this thread, minimization is only part of security.

@_date: 2015-02-01 04:42:12
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] traffic analysis -> let's write an RFC? 
This is a thread about encrypting all the links (and further,
about filling up all the unused bandwidth). Caveat having not
looked in a while, the 1/10/40/100gbit router/switch linecards probably
still don't come with per port line rate hardware crypto engines.
And in keeping with the openness in the public interest concept of the
other thread, it would behoove them, if they want reputation / user
confidence, to say a little bit more about how they're doing that so
others can apply it. Doesn't seem too much to ask for or competition
helping does it?
I do think I saw a blog entry related to doing it not in the
network layer but in the software stack, but I can't find that
reference right now :( And again, caveat.

@_date: 2015-02-08 01:14:50
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] ODNI Counsel: Governments Want 
Some award winning slimy statements right there.
Govt damaged itself, got caught, is pissed, is trying another sleazy grab.
Corp's sold users/customers out the last 15y, are trying to regain trust
(you've got at least 15y to make up for... so keep standing in opposition,
we'll let you know when you can take a break)
Snowden's a hero
You're all "potential other threats", handy right?
They still haven't answered? that one simple question about
how having *you* on their disks without a warrant specifically
covering probable cause on *you* to put it there... is constitutional.

@_date: 2015-02-11 05:04:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Why Should[n't] I Work for the NSA? 
Have there been any threads or good public/panel
debates involving one/both sides of this topic?

@_date: 2015-02-17 18:38:30
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Equation Group Multiple Malware 
This is probably quite true... from his particular vantage/access point
and social network. Yet however much we may know about that side
being relatively open and shary and the capabilities there, it is not an
exclusive answer to the crypto question. None of the Snowden docs to
date are or show any real details about the crypto side of the house. He
either had no interest (unlikely), had no time, found it too risky (whether
to pull off without being caught, or over concern about some element of
grave damage), or simply had no access.
These sort of things may be important indicators. Yet to prove
them as such you'd also have to analyse the history of
FUD making, grab attempts and so on to interpret.
It could be that selective crypto is not dark, but merely expensive
to scale into being "see all" as desired with the old in clear. So
you would have to analyse the costs there. Electricity, rainbow
disk storage, real estate, cooling. How do you know the disk
makers and their suppliers do not have black wing budgets. Or
that there is not a multi billion fab lab buried under some mountain
powered by a ground radiator / aquifer cooled nuke reactor?
Yes, that's one... who is tracking where all the brilliant maths and
others go after high school? The student names in known friendly
colleges and programs? The ones that seem to drop from the
public scene? What media is publishing interviews with them?
Where are known adversary retirees that may have something
to say when invited?
To know the adversary you must continual analyse all potential
aspects, and not just aspect itself but their inputs, dependencies
and output/result chains. Then maybe you can answer some
questions. After all, the adversary is doing analysis upon you.
It's surprising that maybe no one has yet reverse engineered the binary
blobs/drivers in android to provide a fully open software stack there.
And although more difficult, same goes for the firmware blobs.
Regardless of effectiveness, it would show market demand.
Knowledge, and knowledge dichotomy within capacity of biology as
a whole to adapt evenly, seems quite a potential for scary outcomes...
As with Google, they hire a lot of Maths and others, and have been
at it for decades longer. Even generations of maths born into now.
There is too much silence from these workers.
Especially when society could probably get along just
as well without so many organizational level secrets
everywhere (wars), and now potentially against peoples
if you believe that sort of thing.
More Snowdens Please.

@_date: 2015-02-17 19:36:06
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Equation Group Multiple Malware 
Possible, but you would expect crypto research to be
well compartmented from legal, sigint and offensive ops
that appear to be the sole scope of the known docs.
If research does posess a break, maintaining that secret
while producing politically/operationally useful decrypts
would be harder to manage.
You can always bury / escrow multiple copies in multiple locations
known only to you in case you need them later. Hard to
believe this was not forseen and done given history of media
with prior leaks.

@_date: 2015-02-17 21:03:48
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Extracting Equation Group's malware from hard 
You can pull firmware and even get a shell on most
drives with jtag and other pin headers. Search for it.

@_date: 2015-02-18 18:12:07
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] trojans in the firmware 
Afaik, all vm's today simply pass through all drive commands.
It seems a move all the BSD's and Linux could make today,
without waiting on untrustable hardware vendors to roll out signature
verification in hardware, is to simply kernel block all commands
unnecessary to actual production use of the disk. Permit only
from a list of READ, WRITE, ERASE, INQ, TUR, RST, and so on.
Thus every other command component, including firmware update,
vendor specific, and binary fuzzing, gets dropped and logged.
It could be done as a securelevel, or compiled in.
It's definitely not bulletproof, but it does force adversaries
to add that much more exploit code and effort to
get root and go around the driver interface to access
the hardware directly. Defense in depth.
Similar tactics could be applied to other areas where
firmware and vendor/fuzzable opcodes are involved...
usb, bios and cpu.

@_date: 2015-02-18 23:13:18
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] trojans in the firmware 
Obviously. This is only meant to help protect clean
systems, or prevent subsequent malicious commands if
they happen to go through a user to kernel path that has
for some reason not yet been compromised (say through
the usual /dev to driver to hardware path).
Depends on how the vm is coded. My guess is vm's that emulate
say disk devices, munge those opcodes too. Yes, looking at how
virtualbox and even lightweight instances like jails code/handle it
could be useful. Try it and see :)
In all cases, having the logging capability for non production
opcodes without having to postfilter them out of some
debugging stream would be nice. Obviously again caveat
parts of the system that have not been compromised,
and defense in depth.

@_date: 2015-02-24 21:23:29
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] REAL-ID Phone Access Coming Soon 
It seems maybe lots of people on the tubes are, subconsciously
or not, taking such measures and actions here and there in internet,
and in life. A natural reaction of sorts. But are they not largely defensive
and never enough? Where among their list of technical defenses are
the political measures and actions needed to actually stop or reduce
that which they are trying to defend against in the first place?
After all, adblock isn't going to stop the ads. DNT isn't going to
stop the cookies. Crypto isn't going to stop the metamining
surveillance. And as in the subject, standing in line to happily get
and show their papers please isn't going to stop that either.
Where are that mass of geeks, cryptos, internets... those making
such technical measures... where are they acting in politics?
Running for office, bringing issues to their councils, donating,
and so on.

@_date: 2015-02-25 07:07:19
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] trojans in the firmware 
Aren't there really only a couple ways to solve this?
A) Somewhat similar to the IAEA, everyone pick their own trusted
and knowledgeable people, then assemble everyone's people together
with orders:
1) Respect whatever soverign secrets you see
 [profits, design advantages, etc]
2) Just tell us what we want to know
 [do the chips that come out of the fab equal the  designs that went
 into it, and are those designs free of trust issues]
This is complicated by needing to insert yourself into those legacy
areas, as well as verify essentially that of B below.
B) Contact your favorite billionaires and pitch the case for a truly
open fab. And yes, that could include starting from ...
Since that tech is already discovered, it would just be an open
rapid physical rebuild of history from transistor to today. Maybe
that would take 10 years of dedicated work to create a trusted fab
that matches todays tech and can replicate itself.
And if you think about it, it could be a profitable venture because
if you did it right, you'd be able to openly and certifiably create
trusted Orange Book / CC style hardware... something governments,
large entities and even users have always wanted but haven't been
able to obtain in affordable quantites and purposes.
This may be easier because there's no legacy to remediate.
And there's no reason you couldn't manufacture private chips too,
the only restriction being that terms that would compromise the fab
are not allowed.

@_date: 2015-02-26 04:27:31
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RNG's available in disk devices 
FYI, recently released disk drives on the market may
include an onboard 32-byte hardware RNG that can
provide bits to the host for its own use upon request
via the usual command channel per TCG Opal Storage

@_date: 2015-01-02 17:20:54
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] keybase.io 
I don't think keybase serves much legitimate or useful purpose either.
Nor do I buy the first date argument... you can always find enough
reference to init and/or have enough back context to validate. If not,
there's no more basis there than random chance, for which you'd be
nuts to begin passing comms.

@_date: 2015-01-02 17:50:10
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] New Encryption Standard of the Russian 
So there are no real Russian cryptos? Umm.
The competition was part of the swing, so was govt's saying
AES(256) was good for TOP SECRET (not that they use it over their
own suites), so was it's speed/hardware/simplicity.
There are govt laws for what the govt itself will only use.
 (Are you going to not sell to and profit from that govt?)
There are govt laws for what the populace will only use.
 (Are you going to jail for breaking that ban, or will you bow?)
There are paths between all the laws for what obediant
 users can use.
And rebels will use whatever they want.
If you personally use crap ciphers, that's your own problem.
If you support (absent force of law) crap ciphers, or more
than the best few in each class such that community has no
time to properly analyze them all, that's a community problem.
If you don't resist crap law, crap ciphers, or the spawning of endless
new ciphers of the month just because, that's a community problem.

@_date: 2015-01-02 18:31:12
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] TrueCrypt, GostCrypt, *Crypt - status? 
After TrueCrypt, many tens of proposed continuations,
and even brand new competing projects appeared, such as:
Have any of those many projects gained following, review,
support, opensource license, and ongoing development
work such that they can now be considered the in fact
TrueCrypt successor / new independant solution?

@_date: 2015-01-11 23:49:20
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] open hardware as a defence against state-level 
Tor only protects against some rather narrow cases. Passive (and active)
adversaries are quite capable attackers if given the oppurtunity.
I would think you could defeat some passive attacks by filling all the
links with
data/chaff fulltime, but no one seems to be developing that theory in practice.
Sorry, but unless your own trusted third party observers are following your
"open" hardware at every step from design to microcode to lithography
fab through to binary exhaustive test vectors... you are subject to potential
compromise at any step along the way. Please stop claiming otherwise.
Snowden tells both these things above, yet few move far enough towards
real countermeasures, thus allowing complacency, acceptance, and reversion
to past states to set in.

@_date: 2015-01-12 02:11:29
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Compression before encryption? 
It might seem as a result of this thread, that if you own both endpoints
of the crypted stream, and have validated proper connection to yourself
such as through certs, that sending CTE bulk data isn't going to be
an issue. ex: A lot of people just want to save space/bandwidth for
their own personal backups or distribution... a one way push or pull
not subject to injection/iteration, even in that case if you don't own both.
It would also seem that to be injected, your hash+sign algo is broke, or
the attacker can already see you plaintext beyond the stream, or you're
involved in CSRF or some other three or more way communications ie:
including backend external database inclusions in your primary website
data. Overall, specific instances than general "compression bad."

@_date: 2015-01-12 15:04:23
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] open hardware as a defence against state-level 
Yes, incremental helps. Yet let me open another related line of thinking...
Where are the open fabs for makers instead of submitting open
designs to closed fabs? It's 2015, crowdfunding, open source,
non-profits, and public monitoring are done.
We're not talking TSMC scale tech here, but a basic backyard shed
capability to print useable, useful, marketable silicon. ie: Print off
some USB RNG's, radios, DACs/ADCs, even 74 series and discretes,
whatever works.
Then with that open initial platform, start taking commercial
production contracts (even private runs) to pay for growing the
open fab. Even including openly replicating yourself. What is the
minimum capital and endowment needed to gear up to put 1k, 100k,
500k, 1M, 100M, 1B gates that someone, including makers, would
buy down on silicon?

@_date: 2015-01-27 05:08:36
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] traffic analysis 
With the abundance of even just passive adversaries
these days, the importance of cover traffic, fill, flooding,
chaff, however you call it can't be overstated as a
necessity if you wish to hide the endponts ot actual
traffic without playing too much that risky odds game.
It amazes me that, while there are some papers
about it, no one appears to have actually produced
software for users to download, install and run, for a
working network based on it. Is there so much (possibly
far less than correct) thought out there that fill bandwidth
is evil, untolerable, unmanageable, and blocking of usability
such that these networks are moot to even try coding
for general deployment?
If anyone knows of any such networks, please post the links.

@_date: 2015-01-27 17:20:49
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Facebook -> SteganographyBook 
Just like OTR where you use a public IRC channel/service to carry
encrypted exchange, there's no reason you shouldn't do the same
for other forms of cleardata within your various peer groups as you
define them. Depriving facebook of harvesting would be a privacy win.
Don't expect them to be too happy when you thus turn them into your
free storage provider at their expense (loss of datamining revenue).

@_date: 2015-01-27 18:33:41
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Facebook -> SteganographyBook 
Good point. Many services do this. So classical steg of
invisibly embedding binary in image wouldn't work there. In
that case examine how much visible resolution is preserved
and available to you after such fiddling and overlay your data
within that, ie a QR code transparency mask.

@_date: 2015-01-27 18:45:55
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] traffic analysis 
One can afford what they wish to give to and thus expect to get from
the network in return, no more, no less, as always. (Be it literally
from the physical  NIC network, or the logical networks created by
their applications riding over and within the physical.)
Full meshing of chaff addressed to all participants seems unnecessary.
That's the simple man's kneejerk response when initially contemplating
chaffed networks.
This depends on if you're network is a low latency one, or if it
uses a store and forward model. Even that is tricky due to
needs to hide the size of data each endpoint exchanges from
passive adversaries. It begins to approach constant higher
rate the more you data wish to pass securely.
Then you must wait until you can pass your wheat. Or plan your
needs according to the give and get model.
Delays (trading latency) are not the only way to achieve security.
You may also elect to trade available throughput bandwidth in a
wheat/chaff system.
There were some research references posted in the threads below.
Yes, a lot of oppurtunity exists to create new working networks
in this area that utilize fill traffic and/or delay.
You may want to review the recent guardian-dev and tor-dev side
threads below on this exact subject of link padding, latency and
analysis. Relavent papers and talk have been posted.
[Copied a few places simply to include these ongoing links as
reference for anyone interested.]

@_date: 2015-01-30 16:36:23
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Wrong uses of filesystem encryption 
As other have said, look at what your threat model is and
your processes. Since you didn't mention an OS, you'd
need to survey what's out there to match needs. And then
consider if any of it has been audited by others and/or is
sufficiently open in line with any expectations there as well.

@_date: 2015-01-30 22:45:28
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] traffic analysis -> let's write an RFC? 
: Clearly the idea was you design your network so that you do own the link.
: Which brings me back to my question (even Google cannot afford that
much network, I suspect).
Not sure there is a difference between packet and circuit switching
in the adversary sense? ie: How often are you, (as a consumer, not
a tier-1/2 operator) out buying lateral circuits/SLA's along the 3rd, 4th
and further outward rings to reach your destination on the other side...
as opposed to cheaply buying all your access through one provider
and defaulting straight through to the core. Diversifying around a
central problem is expensive, in particular when the problem has
partnered and extended its reach ever closer to the ring you reside
on. So even if you were buying, you'd still be subject.
Strict circuit switching research seems dead with lingering analogs
in POTS, ATM, X.25 and MPLS. And the lack of strict source routing
is a trust issue with all of them as with anything you don't own and
monitor (if that was the meaning of the unsaid circuit reference). If
there was a difference, decades old research would need to be
rebooted and complete redeployment. Not going to happen.
Virtual circuits are alive and well though. Even with some research
and use of source routing, as in Tor and similar networks today
that maintain some list/DHT of available nodes.

@_date: 2015-01-30 23:07:56
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] traffic analysis -> let's write an RFC? 
Filling unused bandwidth with chaff while encrypting links as
possible solution for passive analysis isn't new. Perhaps what is
new is that the adversaries in the papers of old are now actually and
widely present. Thus triggering renewed and demand based interest
and development in such defensive technologies hopefully resulting
in actual and lasting deployments this time.
Ubiquitous deployment wise... regarding any user oriented, controlled,
owned, and power emplaced security/privacy tech (as opposed to central
hier models) we're already critically 15 years behind the ball there.
Oops, that one cost us dearly. Better get moving.
It's 2015, kickstart an idea kickstarter around this if you need to.
Throw stuff out, see what sticks. It doesn't have to be a grand
scheme. Even bits that hold water and are cheap enough
to do and rip out later. In fact, grand schemes must be very wary
of locking you in for another eon unless you're damn sure
you've got it right, which never happens. Short of locking an
assortment of brilliants in a room, or hoping one crawls out from
under a rock, bits is where it's at as far as I can tell.

@_date: 2015-01-31 01:19:28
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] traffic analysis -> let's write an RFC? 
They had a vision, knew what they were doing and basically
predicted this span of internet timeframe right on the money
with perfect execution. Google voice, fiber cities, youtube, cloud
services, even their own search and backend over it, etc. Everything
that was being speculated back then for the buys came true. If you're
in that game for the long term you can't afford to be paying transit and
connection fees. It's almost too good to be true and some sources
are saying they had help. But that's another thread.
At least they say they're encrypting it all now. We'd like to know how.

@_date: 2015-01-31 18:23:01
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Wrong uses of filesystem encryption 
If you don't want someone to just mount your stuff, then
don't use keys wihout passphrases, that's crypto 101.
All these tools support passphrases. Consider using,
writing, carrying a deadman/blackener/unmount tool.
All the unix will offer those basics scheme:
[file] - device - crypto - fs - mountpoint
Then you have more varieties and use cases:
And an old hat tip:

@_date: 2015-01-31 20:36:52
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
No, it has to do with good old fashioned integrity, openness and
honesty with the public. People can spot that, or lack thereof,
from miles away.
Consensus is that the very first Snodwn release, the PRISM slides
and language therein, indicated some form of bilateral partnership
with a large number of internet companies. Plus the AT&T tap room
thing, and other known early parts of the storyline.
It is unreasonable to assume that there is a strictly arms length,
Judge signed, per transaction basis going on there. Where you
have any relationship at all, loose buddy relationships develop to
various degrees.
Google is an American company. Companies and govts don't
generally wish or extend their secret jewels to offshore risk.
Though occaisionally embassies and corps do get caught
off guard or are bound by certain rules.
Data protection regimen is separate from what you elect to
do with that data. Good regimen makes it easier to control
and manage your plans, ie: classification.
This is not to say these things are true, but that there is
less and/or unconvincing evidence that they are not, and
at least resonable cause to consider that they are.
On innocence...
Why are the Boards, CEO's, Officers and staff of these
companies not speaking up and saying they had and have no
non judicially forced role in the spying of Snowdens revelations?
On resistance...
QWEST (Nacchio) tried to stand up, for a few minutes at least
till resigning and later jailed. Replaced by, AT&T's (Notebaert).
Lavabit (Levison) stood up, and closed. We're now seeing some
companies doing "good things" in this space. But that doesn't
address the original question of innocence or guilt.
On guilt...
Or maybe they're not speaking up because... like the US
refuses to disclose any of the credible terror plots and
bad guys they claim to be rolling up as mass spying result...
maybe its because they have a bit of a problem with their story
Who knows. But if you're clean and can back it, and are in the
middle of a hot mess, keeping silent is a pretty dumb thing to do
for your reputation.
Needs more openness.

@_date: 2015-07-07 02:41:13
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto Wars 
"I believe we must soon address the risks posed by electronic
distribution of encryption software... unless we address this
situation, use of the Internet to distribute encryption products will
render [our] controls immaterial." -- 1999: USA, FVEY, et al

@_date: 2015-07-10 16:34:29
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin User??? A Euro worth of BTC for your 
If you are interested in improving Bitcoin, and making about a Euro
(4.2 mBTC) in return, read on...
We are researchers conducting a Bitcoin user study and are seeking
participants. Bitcoin users are kindly invited to participate. Our
survey is anonymous and takes under 10 minutes to complete. As a
reward you receive BTC.
The goal of this survey is to learn about user perceptions regarding
Bitcoin and will cover aspects such as key management, wallet usage
and risk perception. As we believe that these results will be
valuable to the entire community, we will publish our results and
make them available to everyone. This is the link to the survey:
SBA Research
SBA Research was founded in 2006 as the first Austrian research
center for information security by the TU Wien, the Graz University
of Technology and the University of Vienna. Funded largely by the
national initiative for COMET. Along with many other international
academic and business research partners we jointly work on challenges
ranging from organizational to technical security. We are 100 strong.
SoSci Survey
SoSci Survey can help you carry out your professional online survey:
create online questionnaire, send invitations (including follow-ups),
Data download (SPSS, GNU R, Excel). It was designed specifically
for scientific surveys and is continuously developed for daily
research practice. The software supports a project manager and
allows flexibility in the design of questionnaires. The most demanding
and complex designs can be realized.

@_date: 2015-07-14 16:44:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Super-computer project wanted 
teraflops here and there?
This, and fuzzing... of all the opensource OS's and all the
ported packages they supply. And dump all of github in it
for fun.
It takes too long, too much developer time, a different
skillset, opensource test suites may not yet cover some
areas that commercial ones do, etc.
Ripe for development of an open perpetual audit project.
That, and printing your own open and trusted chips, in your own
open and trusted fab, are possible now. It's big picture, grand slam,
full circle headiness, but it is doable. People just have to get
together and kick it off.

@_date: 2015-06-13 15:50:52
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anchor links in list digest 
You guys need to fix the mailman archives for this
list so that they are importable to MUA's and properly
include all threading relevant headers unobfuscated, include
all attachments and validatable signatures and are easily
accessible for such MUA use. Archives via HTML are a joke,
focus on distributing the raw data.
Review the posts on cpunks list where this was discussed
and recently done. Mailman and even simple system
administration is readily adaptable to users needs here.

@_date: 2015-03-12 02:07:30
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Securing cryptocurrencies 
ASIC's are indeed a bitch against common human nature.
Yet SHA-256 and ASIC's or not, we need to remember that breaking
that nature takes only 40 random ascii chars to preclude 2^256 exhaustion
(or 50% odds from 2^128). So all other things robust, simply genning
and writing that string down and storing it properly offline is sufficient
protection. Some might even accept char counts of 25 (50%
or 20 (50% or 10 (for 1B ops/s per human lifespan), or less depending
on application. Even 8 (50% for memory's sake (67M guesses
against an internet facing web app is rather difficult to succeed without
drawing admin attention). Suffice to say that 15 chars seems to have
you pretty well covered for life against a billion bitcoin calculators.
In this context, the repeated password threads get old very quickly.

@_date: 2015-03-25 17:31:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Most Americans Don't Mind Being on Candid 
No. this memory... this privacy... is in part defined by what was input and
remains in the brain memory of the individual. You walk through a park
and on the whole, nothing in particular was ever specifically input, remains
in, or is recallable from your memory.
What we have now is an applied technological error against humanity
occurring faster than the human capacity to process the ramifications.
Some would say nuclear weapons fall into this same category. It's that
old carnal visceral human control, power, advantage, destruction, against
others and innocents thing for which the only real fix is self learning and
There should be no cameras bulk surveilling public spaces, they
are offensive to the individual and their memory thus their privacy.
The only one who could have one there is the individual for their own
purposes... a personal notebook, journalism, research. Not a larger
corporation or the government against the privacy/memory of any
individual... they both can do no more than record their own front doors.
Cameras and databases are an affront to privacy whenever their context
can be or does switch from seeing blurry anonymous mass, to the individual.
Watching traffic flows is one thing, watching plates is another.
Blobby humans moving around vs. doing facialrec on them.
Yes, every individual in office of the government should be subject
to surveillance by the public during the course of their duties when
interacting with other officeholders. LE interacting public should be
taped under policy of the public as vested authority accountable.
But people need to get off the idea that if everybody watches everbody
in one big happy camera pool that all is fair and that that excuses
individualizable and individualized surveillance. And most certainly
in public or databases where there is no individualized interaction,
or permission of individualized recordee, with the recorder. That's
incorrect and against humanity.
[quoting the subject]
Bullshit. Ever walk up to someone and stuff a camera in their face?
They'll tell you to fuck off and delete that shit, maybe smash
your camera, and maybe even smash you. Same as if you try
to troll through their purse, wallet, phone, house, car, or computer.
It's not that they don't mind, it's that humans don't tend to
actively notice and rage against cameras mounted far away.
But it does register in their subconscious and builds a silent well
of rage that will someday explode singularly or in mass. Why?
Because human DNA is a free range animal, not a caged
one, and surveillance and databases are a cage. And like
nukes, humanity is a bit slow to conciously realize those
kinds of errors. The fact that people around the world are
even talking about this should tell you that something's
gone wrong and brakes need applied.
Terror is a fictional infection of news, politics, and the mind.
Rational people would know that, treat it as any crime,
accept it as the price of freedom, rebuild and move on.
Instead the world chose 15 years of ongoing irrationality.
They'll be lucky to ever realize or recover from that error.

@_date: 2015-05-06 01:25:38
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Trust in digital certificate ecosystem eroding" 
Yes, the common downfall... what starts as a two party crypto game
which works, devolves into a third party money game that fails.
No, you cannot trust third parties, especially ones you do not have
on paid contract with you.
Both the browsers and the CA's are untrustable third parties.
As with CA's, we already know "the market" does not work there.
Like people said, use the service self publishing its key in DNS,
(secondarily verifiable by your PKI WOT to them).
Bootstrap "." from your OS or a friend.
Move to TOFU and pinning and calling your bank as needed.
Use with observatories if your DNS isn't used
in a secure fashion yet or you're some sort of target.
Note that the actual count of services you routinely use over any
time interval is likely entirely manageable, say 25 to 50 or so.
Add in a few more for CDN's and the like.
Worst you're the same security as with CA's... none.
Best you eliminate them and move to something stronger
or distributed away from the direct MITM and money issues.

@_date: 2015-05-28 01:26:49
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dark Web should really be called the Twilight Web 
For whatever part of your threat models above includes global passive
adversary watching the input and output points of your network
of choice and lining up traffic observations... there is little defense
to be taken other than filling your unused capacity with fill traffic.
No network to date appears to be developing or using that defense.
There have been threads on that within the last year, and even one on
making such background fill a part of IEEE for fiber and copper physical links.

@_date: 2015-05-29 18:49:35
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [tor-talk] Dark Web should really be called the 
That's only if you choose to attempt a padding-across-the-net
management scope, which is also going to be hard and slow to
manage and respond to bandwidth and other net dynamics.
(Though this was about GPA, it's probably also vulnerable to
endpoint interruption attacks that monitor your stream, unless
someone is there making up the padding slack at the far end.)
A wide scope seems hard in a low latency demand based net.
I'd suggest examining some form of next-hop, next-peer, or link
local padding scope negotiated with such peers. If you or your
peers get hit with demand, your negotiation distance is shorter.

@_date: 2015-05-30 04:16:25
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [tor-talk] Dark Web should really be called the 
Passive adversaries see only encrypted traffic, not internal
wheat/chaff ratios.
(If considering active adversaries, which this is not meant to
defend against, to be involved in ratios they would have to run
enough nodes to be over half the full path, no worse than basic
entry to exit correlation today.)
Internet access is generally provisioned and billed as... choose
the max bandwidth you want, pay for it whether you use it or not.
Therefore if you have idle capacity within your max at some moment,
you have the bandwidth to dynamically fill it with padding at no
additional cost. It's not a question of buying more to use as fill,
it's about intelligently filling what you've already comfortably paid for.
The problem of observing when endpoints are sitting idle, or rx/tx,
and how much, often, etc... applies to any network today, not just tor.
It doesn't take a supercomputer to calculate this
regarding your logical link to your next hop node...
100Mbps cap - 63Mbps used = 37Mbps fill
That's head in sand talk, of course nothing is free.
Mostly bookkeeping autonomously on and by the local node.
Maybe some circuit signaling / publishing to DHT.
Seems to get more complex if you try to scope
it across the net instead of just to your next hops.
There were threads on the subject of fill traffic
a few months back that might be worth reading...
"high latency hidden services"
"traffic analysis"
"traffic analysis -> let's write an RFC?"

@_date: 2015-05-30 04:25:30
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dark Web should really be called the Twilight Web 
What example do you mean "how much data is disclosed in the link layer framing"?
I thought it was decided months back that encryption would be
needed to prevent disclosure to anyone other than the two link partners.
(And that encrypting the hardware link layer is trivially cheap in silicon.)

@_date: 2015-11-03 15:24:30
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Clipperz 
If they're pushing their miracle crypto code down into your
browser for execution, then it's garbage. So are all other
self proclaimed centralized corporate crypto services that
do the same thing, or force you to use their special client.
Because someday they will either be forced or subverted into
pushing bad code and compromising some user, quite possibly you.
Come back when you can install and pin down peer
reviewed third party crypto code in your browser,
or use any client that meets an open API spec they publish.
Better yet, support and use p2p storage and messaging instead
of central corporate services. Or at least do it locally
and store it on a few $5 shells if you need it online.
Nothing? Really? I'll bet anyone on these lists .1337 BTC they do.

@_date: 2015-11-10 02:45:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptogit 
Interesting in the context of using git, particularly regarding
multi-user use of same. Simply using a block storage
provider would suffice to put a filesystem then git on top.
There's another git-like version control system that has some
PKI built in, that may serve as a idea / base for further encryption

@_date: 2015-11-11 05:16:27
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptogit 
I meant further crypto work to include encryption.

@_date: 2015-11-15 05:39:19
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bear Bonds - a new crytpocurrency 
I was looking for details on who or what process selects / runs / chooses
these nodes, and how.
That and words like 'trusted' are critical in these communities and
do we not yet see these established in the quoted things above?
What makes them unable to censor transactions?
Or to censor other nodes, or unspent outputs?
Who has authority for issuing control messages?
What are their key practices and defense to various threats?
This question was not yet answered.
These and the license may not be 'notable features' for certain
of these communities, and should certainly be detailed
in any full and legitimate comparison to Bitcoin...
What is the open development model?
What aligns you (or not) with the various non-technical philosophies
of Bitcoin (to which you already strive to technically compare)?
Do you have a paper covering your analysis of Tor in that regard?
It would certainly be welcomed and of interest to at least the
Tor community.

@_date: 2015-11-16 02:52:49
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's PGP key. 
Is not the mark of Satoshi the crypto [private] key of the
genesis block, to which all other supposed GPG keys
are functionally subservient?

@_date: 2015-11-17 14:26:13
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Paris Attacks Blamed on Strong 
DNI et al... looking and waiting for "the perfect example"... cue the
911 conspiracies...
So lets not be taken in by false flags flown by anonymous officials
trying to mask bad political decision-making. And lets redouble our
efforts to fight bad policy which seeks to entrench a failed ideology
of mass surveillance  instead of focusing intelligence resources
where they are really needed
"We MUST now give our spies the powers they need", says LORD CARLILE.
The Enabling Act, when used ruthlessly and with authority, virtually
assured that Government could thereafter constitutionally exercise
dictatorial power without legal objection.
They offered the possibility of friendly co-operation, promising not
to threaten the Lawmakers, the President, the States or the Churches
if granted the emergency powers.
Intelligence Failure Is Not Snowdens Fault But A Break Down Of
Communication and Cooperation
Encrypted Messaging Apps Face New Scrutiny Over Possible Role in Paris Attacks

@_date: 2015-11-17 15:29:59
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Paris Attacks Blamed on Strong 
Exactly. Governments have had at least 15 years to strap those boots,
and certainly have some good ones. These days it's probably just
as interesting as USA vs. USSR in that regard... plots, schemes,
double and triple agents... the spy game.
It's interesting what other perhaps complementary and/or parallel
forms of intel and boots have sprung up. Though best examples
are surely not seen, wrapped in closeness to government agencies
or other allegiences, and these links cover only one small theatre
among the list of things any agents, actors and mafioso have always
had an interest in... yet one can begin to get the idea... just how
deep does this sort of online game go...
Like volunteering for missionary, cash and a blessing at sendoff
is still a very hard problem to crack. Unless you become confidant
of both Padre and Church itself, or simply become them...
Regardless, if any of this affects your area you should definitely
have your talking points and counter solutions lined up, because
the exposure and fields of play are growing and it's not going away.
Welcome to the connected world.

@_date: 2015-11-17 16:22:18
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Sadly predictable: Terrorism used as excuse to 
It makes "us" look like cowards, because you're not addressing the
source of the fear, you're taking the *apparrent* easy route, while
still leaving the source to reign. It takes courage to conquer your
fears. Grow some.

@_date: 2015-11-17 17:12:59
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Sadly predictable: Terrorism used as excuse to 
Years of news reports has shown they don't consider it
opsec failure but modus operandi. Unfortunately, absent
other specific actionable intel knowledge, even such generic
warnings picked up can't be acted on. So this is rather moot,
what are you going to do, lock down a country everytime
someone holds their fist in the air and wishes or swears...
please. Let's get back to real police work. And understand
that freedom isn't free.

@_date: 2015-11-17 17:42:10
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Sadly predictable: Terrorism used as excuse to 
I'd wager that overall code and feature bloat is the far larger
consumer of electricity, especially since crypto in hardware.
Also note how if your personal electricity use has dropped but
your bill same or went up, doesn't matter what you use, they
tax you for what they want.
PKI like RSA has always been more costly than stream
like AES, so some auth and special marked stream overhead
isn't likely to save anything, because it's bloat.
Nothing says you can't log your own proof of innocence
Exhibitionists like you could even ship the footage in your
house daily to your good cops for their innocent entertainment.
Why not task yourself to keep yourself secure and thriving.
And have a good laugh about ISIS with the good cops should
they mistakenly knock once in a while about your crypto.

@_date: 2015-11-18 02:02:39
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
No, just like basic access to the Internet, basic access to darknet
resources is now but a click away. That's a good thing for everyone,
not just criminals or those who need the security. You'd be amazed
at how fast some of the darknet social sites are growing with just
people socializing about art, their dogs, hobbies and whatever.
An uncensorable early version of the net, people are talking and
sharing freely with each other, it's working.
Seems the NSA's been posting session transcripts all over the tubes
the last couple days...

@_date: 2015-11-18 13:58:56
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] US Congress Vows To Criminalize First Amendment in 
Senate Intelligence Committee leaders are vowing to explore ways to
grant more government access to secure communications. Intelligence
Committee Chair Richard Burr, R-N.C., and his counterpart, ranking
Democrat Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., say that encrypted communications
should be more easily accessible by the government.
US Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas) has a plan to stop terrorists: shut down
websites, including social media networks. Barton today asked Federal
Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler if the commission can
shut down websites... Barton didn't name any specific sites but said
that "we need to do something" because of the terrorist attack in
While criminalizing harmless Crypto and Speech, don't forget yourselves...
Keep on rollin out that crypto fellas, more, better, faster...
and educate your critters before it's too late.

@_date: 2015-11-18 14:20:42
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
There's no doubt these particular criminals help each other both
digitally and in physical world. Criminal forums off in the corners
of the internet are as old as the internet itself. And by definition
they must be easy to find / access by potential users, otherwise they
would have no use. If the news reports are correct (and they claim some
quite specific details) then just as with the onion link to Al-Hayat,
there must be a publicly known link to said helpdesk.
So... big question... where is the link?

@_date: 2015-11-19 01:11:40
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Sadly predictable: Terrorism used as excuse to 
Which means absolutely nothing to these anti crypto people.
And means you caught them in a lie, a bad reporting.
And is no excuse for you to quit deploying crypto and fighting them.

@_date: 2015-11-19 23:52:22
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
On Thu, Nov 19, 2015 at 9:53 AM, Phillip Hallam-Baker
This brief interview may or may not be sourced from the CIA,
however it does drop some specific nets, apps and screenshots...
Top questions asked on the ISIS 'Help Desk'... Dr. Aaron Brantly, a
cyber fellow at the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point answers.
Meanwhile, Manhattan DA steps up pressure on Google and Apple to open
up encryption to government...
Strong encryption for the people and individuals is not negotiable.
Keep on pushing that straight crypto dope, man...
Let the record play...
Declothing the emperor is not in their interest.
Other than NBC and massive moving metal war machines
that require taxes to fabricate, the only real difference is "laws".
Dual use. One man's freedom fighter...
Forget the people, shoot the antennas.

@_date: 2016-04-05 15:35:55
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A humble recommendation 
Problem is, people (and the people) either:
- Did (or do not, or no longer, or would not) grant explicit
permission for such.
- Either way, they have no real idea the true depth of what's going on,
not even at the surface, not because they're stupid or doing something else,
but because you keep it secret and don't tell them, even when they ask,
both of which are evil, in particular while under all the other strange
forces being applied to them. Like braindead Facebook and TV.
"Reasonable expectation" has turned out to be, not open truth
and permission, but a linguistic game, not for the people, but
one continually modified upon and against them.
Every year same goes by, is another set of guilotines discreetly readied.

@_date: 2016-04-23 17:27:34
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to get certificates on email server? 
Unfortunately nobody in this whole thread thought to recommend
verifying the cert fingerprint with the operator of the server itself,
or to use an observatory, or to pin down the cert. So yes, you're
still vulnerable to common mitm / rogue ca after all this work.

@_date: 2016-04-26 18:09:43
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Darpa wants a secure messaging app based on 
Alone is no reason to ever cease putting the pressure on
those sorts of people / entities. After all, they do it to you,
courtesy of your taxes, and their whim, and your opponents,
24 x 7 x 365... no proposal needed.

@_date: 2016-04-26 18:12:57
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Darpa wants a secure messaging app based on 
All they need to do is catch you sleeping and you're done.
Better invest in coffee, coca, and your WWF Tag Team.

@_date: 2016-04-27 15:03:44
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A complete guide to the new 'Crypto Wars' 
The computer-science professors, cryptographers, and digital-rights
advocates who had beaten back similar demands in the 1990s experienced
deja vu. That series of fights, which they called the Crypto Wars,
had only been the first round of a prolonged conflict. Now it was time
to settle in for Crypto Wars, Round 2.
But where and when did this new phase began? Pinpointing that exact
moment may be impossible, but the timeline below provides a relatively
comprehensive overview of the different fights that constitute the new
Crypto War, from the early months after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist
attacks to the present day.
[Not so complete... leaves out rise / spread of crypto, encrypted / anonymous
applications, networks, and activities, digital currencies, international
aspects. Someone should create and curate a better timeline, a wiki...]

@_date: 2016-04-28 15:25:37
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] US Case: Infinite Jail Contempt for Disk Crypto, 
Amici Curiae by EFF and ACLU
A Philadelphia man suspected of possessing child pornography has been in
jail for seven months and counting after being found in contempt of a court
order demanding that he decrypt two password-protected hard drives. The
suspect, a former Philadelphia Police Department sergeant, has not been
charged with any child porn crimes. Instead, he remains indefinitely
imprisoned in Philadelphia's Federal Detention Center for refusing to
unlock two drives encrypted with Apple's FileVault software in a case that
once again highlights the extent to which the authorities are going to
crack encrypted devices. The man is to remain jailed "until such time that
he fully complies" with the decryption order. The government successfully
cited a 1789 law known as the All Writs Act to compel (PDF) the suspect
to decrypt two hard drives it believes contain child pornography. The All
Writs Act was the same law the Justice Department asserted in its legal
battle with Apple.

@_date: 2016-04-28 20:41:05
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] WhatsApp: Why asymmetric key instead of 
This "breakthrough" hasn't yet been further identified / described...

@_date: 2016-04-29 05:05:53
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [tor-talk] Supreme Court Gives FBI More Hacking 
Among others commenting on the lists...
Rule 41(b)(6)
"a magistrate judge with authority in *any* district
where activities related to a crime *may* have
occurred has authority to issue a warrant..."
Note *emphasis*.
Perhaps missing from the article is that, similar to FISC / DC
situation, this seems to allow LEA / Prosecutors to now cozy all
these requests up to the friendliest court they can find (if they
speculate, when concealed, that the activities *may* in fact be in
that district [1]), rather than forcing distribution of requests
randomly across them all (similar to the old principle of local
jurisdiction... crimes originate randomly, are dealt with locally).
That would be bad... bad precedents, much stuff under seal ex parte
en camera rubberstamp etc.
[1] Without such speculation, while still concealed, they would
probably end up being lodged by location of lead investigative
entity (even FBI HQ), or by other elements of the case, such
as victim location.
Rule 41(b)(6)(B)
18 USC 1030(a)(5)
And remote access of hacked protected computers... that's huge
procedural change, and likely to be very sloppy and outright abused
for ages.

@_date: 2016-08-28 18:18:44
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ORWL - The First Open Source, 
Billions of secret transistors, with your data on it, connected via
cute little cable directly to the intertubez... yeah, that's secure.
If you can't see the source and verify the silicon / binary
matches, you can't trust it. Go build something else.

@_date: 2016-08-29 14:50:17
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ORWL - The First Open Source, 
So long as naysayers, disbelievers, and chicken eggers
as above keep doing that, they won't.
I said "Go build something", specifically,
  If they're open source, that's one big step closer
to solution than what you're reading this on.
Now go build an open fab.
And iterate the secret out of it all until you can trust it.

@_date: 2016-08-31 02:29:08
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] N. Korean radio broadcasts string of random 
If it fuzzes up their system with more crap, who cares.
Crypto everywhere.
If you were stupid enough to do it in your voice
which they'd match up to all your voice they have
in Utah, instead of using text2speech, then yes.
Sounds fun, try it and find out.

@_date: 2016-12-01 01:02:19
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is Ron right on randomness 
People seem to be throwing random maj / min -ority and
desktop / mobile -device terms. Now for one non-misc OS...
FreeBSD provides random and urandom.
Further reference install...
At least one outdated thread here...
Somewhat offtopic...

@_date: 2016-12-22 13:14:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Photojournalists & filmmakers want cameras, 
Encryption _options_ are definitely *required*.
You don't want to turn it on, fine, don't. Some will ship that way.
Some other user does, fine, they will. Some will ship that way.
And if people are that dense as to their need and use case,
consider all the millions of everyday completely legal non
journo, innocent, camera users who do stuff like...
use it as a photocopier / scanner / fax for their bank docs etc
take pics / vids of their families / vacations / drunk aunt donna
their contacts and message streams
their bedroom escapades
... and are even just slightly aware of privacy, or even if not who
would simply just freak out and think about it for years if something
as simple as lose / stolen their camera / sdcard / phone.
For people to sit here and argue that strong crypto *options* aren't
useful... these people need to [have their heads] be examined.

@_date: 2016-12-22 20:25:51
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Photojournalists & filmmakers want cameras, 
People need to consider lenses when buying cameras.
Other things equal, going with the fastest f-stop you can
budget will get you less blur, 2.8, down to even 1.x for dim
light. Image Stabilization gizmos will never beat a fast shutter.
And for a lot of street use, fixed wide lenses with decent
pixel count backs more 'dont have to think' useful than crazy
range fidgety zooms.
Some Sheriff's don't take kindly to external forces doing improper things.
In that case even a trouble call to them will hold up the thugs for a while.
Don't forget, open firmwares for some cameras do exist...
Don't know if that includes encryption or sigs or
authentication in UI yet but it is an example that
the camera maker isn't always right.
Don't forget to transparent overlay your embedded
serial numbers with noise.

@_date: 2016-12-23 12:39:43
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Photojournalists & filmmakers want cameras, 
You can see that these cameras are using XOR / AES / SHA1 / RSA
etc to handle firmware updates, and some of the keys are known.
And can execute user supplied scripts down to binary
bit banging.
Whether the routines are in hw or sw, and are capable of writing
not just reading, you'd have to look into it. If it's usable, they
certainly would welcome any development help.
Or you could start a crypto project to run alongside them.
Many in the forums are tinkering with image crypto... :)
So jump in, develop it, and spread it to more cameras...

@_date: 2016-02-11 23:51:52
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof that the NSA does not have a quantum 
There is only one purpose for an entity
to crack any currency and that's to kill it.
Because any cracked wallets would instantly make
worldwide headlines and the currency would
go to zero within a day.
Depending on the speed of the adversary, you
might be able to migrate crypto fast
enough to save some wallets but the losers
will be throwing realworld pitchforks, that
will roll all the way up the legal politik
chain until the pressure is unbearable.
The entity isn't going to be able to recoup
its costs in a zero market.
Even cracking supposedly dead wallets is risk
of zero without proof of deadness, granny
might still have her mitts on them and be
watching every day.
Since an entity full of people is unlikely to
be able to keep a secret kill secret, they'd
be better off accelerating mining, selling
in a stable market.
Perhaps that's what's happening now... ;)
If an entity has a crack it probably can't use it,
and the same scenario applies if a rogue within
it appropriates it for their own purposes.
And for any independant loner who discovers it.
They only have odds at a few wallets before
they hit the wrong one and news breaks.
And for them it will be all about the lulz.
Either way, digital currencies will come
and go, and are here to stay.
Unless Bitcoin solves its serious scalability
and anonymity issues, people will probably
be slowly trading out of it into something
else within the next 5-10 years anyway.
If that something else is significantly better
and stronger, you might see some cracking then
in attempt to cash out. BTC from 1250 to sub 200
didn't seem to trigger any.

@_date: 2016-02-15 00:57:14
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
youtube-dl Interview with Cryptome (2016-02-06)-246093198.mp3
sha1: 2cf21291e0190dcc2b6c1fa2587994546311ea0f

@_date: 2016-02-21 00:03:04
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple versus Open Fabs 
The executives said the company had been in regular discussions
with the government since early January, and that it proposed four
different ways to recover the information the government is interested
in without building a back door.
    Apple sent engineers to try that method, the executives said
You don't want your secure hardware provider voluntarily
"discussing" "proposing" "recovering" "sending" or "trying" anything
in the "interests" of, or with, your adversary.
If there was no court order for this... this is very troubling...
never talk to the , only to your client.
Nor do you want your secure hardware provider to be providing
you with unverifiable, therefore quite possibly, junk.
You need open fabs producing open hardware.
Till then the only proof you have is that some adversaries
court case failed in its attack or that everyone is still standing.
Neither of which are sufficiently complete proofs positive.

@_date: 2016-02-21 02:11:16
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple versus Open Fabs 
Wrong, you can't install security into closed unvalidatable therefore
untrusted hardware and software.
Until you solve the closed problem, and then the review problem,
nothing you have will ever be secure.
1.5+ BILLION closed transistors, and untold MILLIONS of lines
of closed firmware and software per average PC, similar for phone, etc...
up against secret and not-so-secret, partnerships and moles and
private business interests and models, increasingly "global"...
simply secured by installing some root, or at all? Lol.

@_date: 2016-02-21 02:35:45
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple 3rd Party dilemma 
Even the laborer these days knows some concept of backups and
security, regardless if they have any clue or motivation to do it.
There's zero reason now why hardware makers cannot include a binary
a) i'm stupid, for now just show me knowledge about secure mode
b) ok, instantiate non-nanny-state secure mode
a) your device ships in secure mode
b) do you want to be nannied
Any maker that gratuitously retains control for whatever purpose
and does not provide this does not believe in empowerment, and is
thus shameful.

@_date: 2016-02-22 01:16:03
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptome] Crypto Beguilement 
Um, as crypto can be done anywhere by any individuals / consensus / delegee.
Question is really, is any govt (any specific extant one, or in theory),
valid / valuable / trusted, to give any such doing to, given above.

@_date: 2016-02-29 15:04:22
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Once again: Tor timing attacks and a Tor 
So long as each node accounts for negotiated contract rate
with peers, and generate fill for missing packets on the inbound
links when output the other side, and reclock all the input when
output to a fixed rate, and add random jitter to the output links
to mask time spend negotiating and compensating for the input
junk received... it would seem range from reasonable sufficient
to damn hard.
It's an enhanced level of the fixed bucket clocks in old school
ATM / TDM that people seem to forgot about...
There was even talk on one of these lists about doing fill
not just in the overlay networks, but also doing it, along
with automatic pfs style encryption in the layer zero link
hardware itself (ethernet PHY, etc) by starting an IEEE / IETF
working group... every switch, router and NIC port everywhere.
Some OP threads for ref:
metzdowd: "traffic analysis" Jan 2015
My spam on  Etc et al
Encrypted fill traffic is at least worth thinking about, thus cc.

@_date: 2016-01-08 03:44:42
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Obama gonna crypto your guns, 
Digital smart guns, digital finger photo voice dna retina prints,
digital databases and checkpoints, digital connected backdoored
clipper chipped things, bigdata on you, legal twisting of former
rights, bans on your uses of digits, no analog, no cash, ubiquitous
worldwide surveillance, tracking and control... It's all falling
into place, from every country and government... the great digital
killswitch and enslavement device is coming. Kiss your freedom goodbye.

@_date: 2016-01-08 15:42:39
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Verisimilitrust 
The entire planet ignored warnings preached by early wise men and
bought into the CA "trust" hype and money printing game for decades.
Shame it took rampant surveillance and attacks for people to
begin pulling their head out of the sand, let alone search for different
If your new model involves someone getting rich, or relies on
centralization / trust that you have no part in endorsing... it's broken.

@_date: 2016-07-02 15:23:54
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Android Full Disk Encryption Broken - Extracting 
In this blog post, I'll demonstrate how TrustZone kernel
code-execution can be used to effectively break Android's Full Disk
Encryption (FDE) scheme. We'll also see some of the inherent issues
stemming from the design of Android's FDE scheme, even without any
TrustZone vulnerability.
A couple of months ago the highly-publicised case of Apple vs. FBI
brought attention to the topic of privacy - especially in the context
of mobile devices...
Full disk encryption is used world-wide, and can sometimes be
instrumental to ensuring the privacy of people's most intimate pieces
of information. As we've seen, the current encryption scheme... can be
hacked by an adversary or even broken by the OEMs...

@_date: 2016-06-20 12:17:44
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Digital currencies 
Far less than all the electricity consumed by the fiat system
of the US alone... gov / fed reserve / bank buildings full of
offices / datacenters / networks / devices, hvac, payroll, healthcare,
vehicles, maintenance... all the electrons needed to make it go.
Bitcoin, and any other digital currency, is likely highly efficient
and becoming optimal implementations of whatever usable
monetary and other features they provide.
Someone have a rare known "thing" that others want, negotiate
and trade for it. You're correct, and nothing could be more pure.
The delusion that any fiat is backed by any "value" should end
the minute you try to trade it for something of value to you from
its issuer / participant brokers and discover them telling you
to get lost at gunpoint, thus establishing its exact and formal
value to both of you as zero. Particularly for any physical good.
Then when actually trading with others you must also evaluate
whatever issuer / broker party is doing with it, which at times in
history is difficult to do, and such doings not necessarily always
to your benefit.

@_date: 2016-06-26 22:06:56
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: Study on Trends in Crypto-Messaging 
Security researcher David Adams from Tokyo about the published BIG
SEVEN CRYPTO-study:
"We looked at the seven major open source programs for encrypted
... The software "GoldBug - email client and instant messenger" here
was ahead with excellent
results and is not only very trustworthy and compliant to...
Co-author of the study Ann-Kathrin Maier from Munich confir
study deepened with a detailed audit of the crypto-program
results for encrypted email and secure online chat. By our
trustworthiness of this open source encryption in GoldBug."
Therefore, the comparative BIG SEVEN study ... is recommended...
as preparatory reading material for questions at the next crypto party.
Really? Lol :)
- Googling your two bogus paper authors "security researchers" turns up nothing,
other than the name you stole from an unrelated real person. Shame on you.
- There was no such dated post on liberationtech for you to be
"forwarding" from.
- If whatever is in this so called paper about other projects [1]
isn't accurate,
they'll be denouncing you in public just like EFF and Tor did when you
lied about your affiliation with them.
We are *very* interested in your project... why don't you post your
"Sent by Mobile" phone number so we can talk with you?
Or the phone number you used to register with google.
How are the unreproducible binaries, community censorship, refusal
to talk, and weasling around wikipedia and cheesy websites coming
along these days?
Any links yet to positive commentary by well known and respected
public members of the real community, such as from anyone in the
apps below [1]?
If you're trying to be the next Satoshi, you're not doing a very good job.
Your history of lies, fakes, and shady operations is ridiculous.
Someday someone will dox you and what an interesting day that will be.
[1] briar, cryptocat, gpg, otr, mailpile, pond, retroshare, tox,
signal, silent, i2p, ricochet, torchat, surespot, etc.

@_date: 2016-06-27 01:20:39
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Digital currencies 
Taking bitcoin as subject currency...
and substituting best publicly available hardware...
you can compute the current best case electric consumption
from double-sha256 hashrate...
and see that it's really just a drop in the bucket both net,
and compared brick and mortar systems above...
BTC hashpower has also been relatively logarithm flat since
ASIC replaced everything in late 2014...
ASIC is mostly done tech, so this flattening will continue...
meanwhile enabling potentially more distributed end
user coupled mining devices models where some
extra differential cost is available and accepted.
Adoption there may add hashrate but not techrate..
which should do interesting things to the existing
competitive mining for profit sake.
In the end, whichever digital currencies survive,
whether anonymous and decentalized, or otherwise...
I'd bet that when you draw a box around it, and
compare it to any other honestly boxed traditional
currency system that does the same thing, they're
going to use less overall power.
Don't forget to add in today's gov / bank regulators, loan
departments, markets, investment vehicles, etc...
everything part of delivering similar features.
Compared to purely digital forms of same residing in
cyberspace on ethereum-like programmable bot contracts.
Long term... entire populations of staff and buildings
stand to be obsoleted.
Welcome to the Matrix.

@_date: 2016-03-02 22:27:44
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] LibreSSL unaffected by DROWN 
So then where is the link to an independant website which
stays current and puts say Libre 2.2.[x] and Open 1.0.2[x]
side by side in a feature / protocol / api review table?

@_date: 2016-03-02 22:59:16
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] iPhone hardware attacks 
If IBM can image and arrange single atoms, you can
bet the NSA can do something as simple as ablate them.
Got the shakes and cook a few extra along the way... no problem,
chips still have much larger features.
Doesn't matter, they just contract out to their good ole boys
at IBM or their favorite university.

@_date: 2016-03-03 23:22:55
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Two more Apple amicus briefs 
And in the meantime RFP and results are out in the open
giving makers more time to roll out and get embedded in society
per and for customer interest, impenetrable crypto schemes.
Embedding crypto to, for, and in conscience of society as
a private and personal tool... is a race condition.
And one you want to win.
So do it... nao !!!

@_date: 2016-03-04 00:33:30
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] More Apple news 
If these 31337 criminals wanted to pathogenically jack the
county systems they would have jacked in their own USB
firmware sploits to fubar the systems starting with any workstations
in reach. This lawyers own kids and himself have probably messed
with and installed so much shit on his issued iphone to consider it
compromised and warranting search. LOL totally made my day.

@_date: 2016-03-05 15:23:18
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] EFF amicus brief in support of Apple 
See this is a problem. All this trust in single entities,
singular and closed systems you keep needing to place.
Why in the fuck do you keep doing this?
You compute hardware should be completely open.
You compute software should be completely open.
You should fuse your own keys into your own hardware
for software builds you reproducibly build sign and install
yourself from distributed opensource software.
Open designs, open fabs, open products, open source.
You are NOT going to solve these problems without it.
And quit crying profit... the work of your plumber is all in the
open and profitable.
Or quality... all quality is currently shit, but at least
you stand a chance of seeing the flies on it if it's open.
Like all those call and other data... just for the asking,
thus retroactive immunity for them, thus rolled up for absorption
and enacted by an unaccountable government.
These two are one and the same.
Yes it's theirs, which they can fuck you with at any time...
because you trusted them, oops.
These are in tenacious conflict.
Shrinkwrap hardware / software EULAs offer you nothing concrete,
trustworthy, or compensatable. All to them, none to you.
Negotiated contracts are different but just as tricky.

@_date: 2016-03-06 13:42:11
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] EFF amicus brief in support of Apple 
No. See, those are the real problems... mindset. You all who say
this type of talk are disbelieving apologists still trying to advance
control, profit, babysitting, trust us we know better, etc... over others.
No one is asserting that opensource is currently better or magic.
However, when a billion humans around the world *may* look at
and even participate in the hw and sw if they wanted to, versus only 25
people locked in the coderoom of a megacorp whose primary
raison d etre is by definition making money... the possible odds
that it *could* be better and even a solution to everything as you
say... are in fact better. Because it's open, not closed.
And even if that doesn't happen, then with opensource there
are *still* just 25 talented people involved in and hacking on it...
openly, not closed.
Nor do I see you offering to personally help those grandfathers
around you get their phone / cpu up and running when they
understand *why* they want to use the open hw and sw, but
come asking some human they know who can help the details.
Or setting up some local collectives that do so openly for fun.

@_date: 2016-03-06 14:30:19
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] EFF amicus brief in support of Apple 
The profit center, and moreover even change for good in other
areas, is the Boards and Officers of Apple, Google, Microsoft
and so on... standing up and offering additional value...
"Hey world, we are now going fully open hardware and software and
integrating security and right to privacy models into all our products.
Join us."
These are the biggest corporations on Earth, and it's time
for the grand experiment of open, secure, and private to begin.
It's not insane, it's new.

@_date: 2016-03-06 15:38:46
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] EFF amicus brief in support of Apple 
Open and secure does not preclude any of these things.
What is your potential when you're chained to a wall?
With open, possibility is a right of others, with closed,
you forclose it upon them, and likely to serve yourself.
That may be part of the potential.
iOS/Android haven't even hit 10 years old and neither
they nor their underlying platforms truly have openness in
their core ethos so they can't really be contrasted against
each other in the suggested way.
The general reply is that the overall model of open and all
these related things simply hasn't had enough time to develop,
execute, and be evaluated in a world that has only known closed.
However one thing is of absolute certainty: believing that getting
off the rock is impossible... will never get you off the rock.

@_date: 2016-03-15 02:00:23
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Govt Can't Let Smartphones Be 'Black Boxes, 
Even if said crypto citizens don't argue... the one group that is for
citizen guns, the NRA [1], is also rather against surveillance / spying
and databases and for privacy [2][3], so were you to reach out to
them you might find a powerful symbiotic ally in the crypto fight.
[1] And other similar RKBA groups.
[2] See their national rally videos on youtube.
[3] Though they may not know how to reach out to crypto
to consult and integrate the philosophy into their position
for their benefit.

@_date: 2016-03-16 02:56:42
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Govt Can't Let Smartphones Be 'Black Boxes, 
Governments always absolve and immunize themselves (and
their partners), particularly at the highest levels. Torture, Murder,
Surveillance, Drone Kills, Cops Killing, Political Lies, Too Big To
Fail, Generally Fucking Shit Up, etc... all typical.
The only time they're stopped, indicted, prosecuted, and jailed
is when they're failed / overthrown, invaded, or both. In the meantime
till people wake up... they've come up with this cool thing called elections
to make you forget and think the guard has changed... it hasn't...
the same old game. Don't believe it? Ask History.
Some history and deja vu...

@_date: 2016-03-20 19:29:49
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [tor-talk] Traffic shaping attack 
Related... why a traffic fill solution may need to reclock and transmit new
own random jitter and self limit to processable / expected bandwidth contracts
to mask network induced computation and provide for CPU headroom therein.
As with [John Gilmore's?] IEEE fill layer suggestion, there should be
a group establish outside just Tor calling for participants to look at
various crypted network fill models against now known / surmised G[P]A

@_date: 2016-03-20 20:10:53
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] USG-Apple - 3/22/16 Hearing 
With 360 possibly pro Apple seats, odds are someone there is
bound to be recording at least audio and will release it anonymously
in full immediately that night.
Could be interesting how the Apple-Customer relationship plays out.
Particularly if Apple [has been] conditioning them right.

@_date: 2016-03-20 20:24:38
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] DoJ/FBI's "nuclear"/Lavabit option 
AAPL's stock price is up about 12+% on moderate volume
in the 4+ weeks since the filing, more than enough time to
for the news to date to reach price discovery.

@_date: 2016-03-22 03:08:45
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] This is not the end... 
They didn't "drop" their request, they asked and received
time to play with the phone in their sandbox with their friends.
The court actually went further and stayed order, perhaps
pusuant to an Apple request for that in conference call.
Regardless, ball's still in feds ballcourt, though they'd have
a hard time pressing it for spite were it shown they have
unlock solution in hand.
A FOIA should be filed to discover for reference all "outside
parties" contacting govt offering services and their proposed
"methods" therein.
Don't worry, they still have hundreds of phones to file new
cases and/or make new law with.
Unless... curiosly... the new "Hayden" style arguments
coming from other govt forces and think tanks are for real
and win out.
(Or if you believe the iPhone 6 with iOS 9.3 is actually
a top selling TOP SECRET tricked out scam, thereby
making a quit acceptable.)
Or the people and the cryptos win out.
Regarding a lot of users and media, it's actually quite
a bit and rather effective about "seeing my dick", etc...

@_date: 2016-03-25 23:34:05
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] More Bad Govt Shit To Fight (Burner Verizon FBI) 
Give us all your papers please.
 For no effective impact or purpose whatsoever, other than fucking you.
 Other than hundred thousand insecure stores having it to be lost,
stolen, abused, even by shopkeeper.
 BTW, you cant sell your phone anymore either... that's TWO years in
Gitmo and loss of your life $avings.
 Now share all it with these retards too, but only MAY use crypto,
which as we know doesn't matter.
 So hackers can steal it.
 And they can datamine you and sell it to whoever for the same.
 And share it with the NSA / FBI, for the same, and....
 Also so these jackasses can track and molest you when you go buy some
fucking FAYGO.
Better fight this bill too.

@_date: 2016-03-27 04:32:33
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] More Bad Govt Shit To Fight (Burner Verizon FBI) 
You would be surprised how many *men* have to deal
with crazy battering women and need to seek refuge
in shelters and safe supportive halfway houses for men.
Either way, all such people who are innocent enjoy the
right for the government and commerce not to impede upon
their right to privacy, including shielding their innocent selves
from warrantless govt and commercial tracking and datakeeping.
Stop giving away your rights and taking those of other innocents.
For it is not the criminal they are after, but control over you.

@_date: 2016-05-02 04:10:08
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Craig Wright is Satoshi Nakamoto 
Australian entrepreneur Craig Wright has publicly identified
himself as Bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto.

@_date: 2016-05-18 02:38:42
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RNG Breakthrough: Explicit Two-Source Extractors and 
Let's do another 100 post round on the favorite subject shall we...
because serious RNG is serious.
Academics Make Theoretical Breakthrough in Random Number Generation
Explicit Two-Source Extractors and Resilient Functions.
We explicitly construct an extractor for two independent sources on n
bits, each with min-entropy at least logCn for a large enough
constant~C. Our extractor outputs one bit and has error n(1). The
best previous extractor, by Bourgain, required each source to have
min-entropy 499n.
A key ingredient in our construction is an explicit construction of a
monotone, almost-balanced boolean function on n bits that is resilient
to coalitions of size n1, for any 0. In fact, our construction is
stronger in that it gives an explicit extractor for a generalization
of non-oblivious bit-fixing sources on n bits, where some unknown nq
bits are chosen almost \polylog(n)-wise independently, and the
remaining q=n1 bits are chosen by an adversary as an arbitrary
function of the nq bits. The best previous construction, by Viola,
achieved q=n12 .
Our explicit two-source extractor directly implies an explicit
construction of a 2(loglogN)O(1)-Ramsey graph over N vertices,
improving bounds obtained by Barak et al. and matching independent
work by Cohen.

@_date: 2016-05-18 06:36:12
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Crypto Breakthrough Bamford [was: WhatsApp 
If you actually read and reassemble all the references in the
article (which I won't do herein), they all refer to a 'cryptanalytic'
breakthrough over modern crypto, further assisted with compute
power, and deployed. That is obviously not just academic powers
of two yielding moot partial solutions over limited rounds.
And not sabotage, exploits, etc. Of course those are widespread,
but they are not part of the 'cryptanalytic breakthrough' subthread
of the article.
Maths and crackpots love a nice quiet life with everything taken
care of so they can spend decades working their hard problems
and crazy angles. The NSA provides that, and protects it and its
results as their crown jewels. Do not underestimate it.
This begins to matter when basic research yields a point where
a secret investment of say $100B or less pays off.
See crown jewels...
See Maths...
Leaks can occur until time forgotten.
Math occurs randomly.
Snowden did not have access to the crypto compartments.
No leaker seems to have had relavent access to post-WWII
modern crypto.
Those subject to the dark must speculate, those with knowledge
of it can execute.
Wagering against physics is one thing, against the
human mind... that may not be a wise investment.
"...the ability to crack current public encryption."
Some investigative journalist should be all over following up the
crypto part of Bamford's piece as the scoop of a lifetime. For
that matter, where is Bamford's own followup?
Details of such a breakthrough are likely to serve and advance public
knowledge and application by providing solution to some long desirable
hard problem or going off somewhere new that we've never gone before.
Keeping those kind of secrets for yourself is an affront to Humankind.
Till then, everyone, including the keepers, rots in the Dark Ages.

@_date: 2016-05-20 02:51:27
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Crypto Breakthrough Bamford [was: WhatsApp, 
Research funding is usually highly directed.
To say "here's a house, car, living expenses... get back to us in a
decade with something at least relavent" is different. Even if all it
does is secure brain cells away from the competition that's a decent
side win, and relatively low cost.

@_date: 2016-05-21 15:55:10
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] US Case: Infinite Jail Contempt for Disk Crypto, 
More links for those following the legal filings / Freenet crypto /
commentary ...

@_date: 2016-05-22 00:52:28
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USB 3.0 authentication: market power and DRM? 
Who cares what CA exists.
So long as it is *optional* to the user.
Remember SecureBoot...
You can find many motherboards with SecureBoot
that have the Microsoft PK's locked in the BIOS. Best
you can do is 'disable' it and not be 'secure' anymore.
The Linux crowd went apeshit over it, and rightfully so. Then they
dropped to their knees and wrote silly stub loaders and submitted
them to their Microsoft Overlord for signing. They are still submitting
to this scheme today, even though they don't have to...
Because if you look, you can find boards that allow completely
deleting the Microsoft keys and installing and managing your
own in the BIOS, and opensource tools to sign and authorize
your own loaders do exist. Buy those boards instead.
Tech can be useful, but you better fight for, select, and
maintain your private right and control over it.

@_date: 2016-05-22 13:03:07
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] FBI Gripes About Crypto on 
WhatsApp on Tuesday announced that all types of messages on the latest
version of its app are now automatically protected by end-to-end
encryption, and the FBI's top attorney is worried some of the
platform's more than 1 billion global users will take advantage of the
move to hide their crime- or terrorism-related communications. FBI
General Counsel James Baker said in Washington on Tuesday that the
decision by the Facebook-owned messaging platform to encrypt its
global offerings "presents us with a significant problem" because
criminals and terrorists could "get ideas." "If the public does
nothing, encryption like that will continue to roll out," he said. "It
has public safety costs. Folks have to understand that, and figure out
how they are going to deal with that. Do they want the public to bear
those costs? Do they want the victims of terrorism to bear those
costs?"Maybe the government shouldn't have imposed so many
surveillance programs on its citizens -- and kept quiet about it for
years -- that they now feel the need to use sophisticated security

@_date: 2016-05-22 13:53:03
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] US Govt Reveals Bill Forcing Assistance, 
According to a new report in National Journal, the FBI has already
briefed Senator Diane Feinstein (D-CA) on the methods used to break
into the iPhone at the center of Apple's recent legal fight. Senator
Richard Burr (R-NC) is also scheduled to be briefed on the topic
in the days to come.
TOP SECRET briefings to the two most worthless SECRET critters,
at the top of the most worthless SECRET committee... is worthless
to the people. And that's no SECRET. Yet somehow people continue
to treat that as... notice served, all absolved.
Don't forget... Torture, Murder, Surveillance, Databasing all
supposedly went through that committee of the guilty too.
Feinstein and Burr are both working on a new bill to limit the use
of encryption in consumer technology, expected to be made public
in the weeks to come.
Much of the USA, online, even the world seem to be rather pissed
with the stance and activities of the US Government against crypto.
Cryptos should not just be in their own circles, but educating those
they know... random public around them... that do not already know
about the crypto / privacy issues, the things that haven't made the
nightly news, etc.
The battle against the second coming of Clipper is going to get
uglier and riskier before it gets better. In part because new
lawmaking is at stake, not just interpretation over old.
Supposedly an educated populace has more influence over new laws
than interpretation...
The disclosures come amid widespread calls for the attack to be
made public, particularly from privacy and technology groups.
However the FBI's new method works, the ability to unlock an iPhone
without knowing its passcode represents a significant break in
Apple's security measures, one Apple would surely like to protect

@_date: 2016-05-25 02:44:11
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hacking spread spectrum clocking of HW ? 
See their spec sheet...
I looking for links to different whitepapers... where dither driving
the spread is not pretty triangle frequency and amplitude, but
is a random shared key. And it's driving an RF tx/rx capable of
extremely wide spread range. Other option is to tx/rx faux
wideband noise modulo a random spectrum key. Pointers?

@_date: 2016-05-25 14:50:45
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hacking spread spectrum clocking of HW ? 
*This*, moar liek this.
Imagine noise radiator capable of making your spectrum analyzer
look like /dev/urandom across the board. There's no center frequency,
no clock, no freq hopping, no spreading, no observables, no off the
shelf wireless hardware or reference design... it's not based on
that. To any viewer, it's just noise. To you and your peers who
hold, say, a shared XOR key for data and a seed for DRBG noise, it
looks like data... lots of data ;-) With achievable datarate, error
correction, and unjammability governed by the range of spectrum you
can generate noise over. You could even mimic within existing spectra
if need be. The amplifiers and radiators to cover the spectrum are
hardware. Everything else is SDR.
There is at least one good paper on this, particularly involving
GNURadio style SDR as the enabling basis, but I forgot the magic
search terms to find it again.
While not the one in mind (and not necessarily from the new SDR
guerrilla crowd), these are somewhat relavant...
Digital Chaotic Communications
Synchronization in Cognitive Overlay Systems
Covert Ultrawideband Random Noise papers by Jack Chuang and Ram Narayanan...

@_date: 2016-05-29 01:17:17
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hacking spread spectrum clocking of HW ? 
Traditional spread spectrum seem rather off the shelf
and wouldn't really consider encrypted as such.
What I mentioned *is* encrypted, both at the RF
layer itself, and at the data layer riding on top.
It's also really hard to locate random background
noise (power). Even if, since random noise can't be
proven to be crypto, it can't be shut down due to
any crypto reason, insufficient cause.
Nor do guerrilla radios care about such laws.
The history of any such takeovers, classified or otherwise,
would be interesting read.

@_date: 2016-11-02 21:47:01
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] the Zcash Open Source Miner 
Zcash is Linux only. That's not good for diversity, adoption, code
exposure, etc.
Here one place people can jump in the (only known to date?) effort to
fix that...
# net-p2p/zcash: create initial port and package

@_date: 2016-11-07 16:38:57
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "we need to protect [our dox] by at least 
+1. Be *extremely* careful who you are teaching to encrypt and reducing
their audit surface, such as corrupt politicians... or any politician for that
matter... lest they begin to use it when you're not in the room... against you.
Performing (daily / overall) role as a public servant, particularly in domestic
(not foreign) issues, arguably has miniscule need for comms encryption.
Need for authentication yes. Don't get locked out of your own board meeting.
oblig cc modless list, in protest, again.

@_date: 2016-11-07 18:24:18
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "we need to protect [our dox] by at least 
For example, consider if everything on Wikileaks docs from around
the world, the NSA trove, or even just the recently leaked emails and
documents about Clinton corruption and the shady politics, even just
routine public business which should be open anyways... were,
instead of being just more or less authenticated, were a bunch of
encrypted blobs with benign subject lines...
You'd have learned nothing of the corruption / unethics / spying
and general happenings within.
Of course now they're wanting to learn buy and use crypto pretty bad.
Some might choose to feed them snakeoil for fun, profit, and to not
become locked out.

@_date: 2016-11-16 23:56:33
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] October 28th is now National Cryptography Day 
Yes, it probably will. You've no idea the amount of blind and
stupid legacy [blue line or otherwise] person and policy worship
that names on buildings engender.
Good. Stay the fuck out of our crypted thoughts.

@_date: 2016-11-29 01:54:25
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Use of RDRAND in Haskell's TLS RNG? 
Any recent processor from Intel has between 1B and 8B transistors.
Not a single modern processor from them has been publicly decapped
and audited.
Both Intel and the fabs they are built in are closed source.
And the NSA and others intercept your deliveries and backdoor
your microcode.
Audits... there, really? Trying to start with and prove out that mess?
LOL, you're fucked.
Instead of pouring yet another hundred messages into the quarterly
circle jerk about 'random', why not try figuring out how to create
something that might be worthy of some level of objective trust.

@_date: 2016-10-16 22:28:39
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Announcement: the SC4-HSM is now a FIDO U2F token 
Both of these processes should be enhanced to support bitcoin.

@_date: 2016-10-27 00:30:38
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to prove Wikileaks' emails aren't altered 
Which is why I Lol'd at Google when Levine noted four years of same
DKIM key use. Google now swaps out their https and other TLS
service keys quarterly or so. Seems they forgot need to do same
for DKIM.
Also haven't looked but I suspect DKIM considers hash over
body message (and possibly other chunks) as optional. In that
case of course body content would be forgeable.

@_date: 2016-09-02 18:06:07
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ORWL - The First Open Source, 
Meaningfully / reliably / repeatably decapping small micron process,
paying for multi-fab runs,  or attempting to exhaustively pattern test
billions of gates via i/o pins let alone the hidden supervisor you can't
test, seems a bit pointless.
Which is why you openfab and infuse your open audit, verification,
public access, "no secrets" policies, throughout the entire process...
design, supply, tooling, manufacture, n-man staffing, packaging, etc.
All fabs and product today are effectively secret.
That's beyond stupid. Especially for things you "rely on".
Fix that.

@_date: 2016-09-17 04:58:41
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Recommendations for short AES passphrases 
If you've gone from b36 to b58, you might as well go full b94.
At 8 chars that gets you around 50 bits instead of around 30
bits. The jump from b36 to b58 doesn't provide much anyway.
The benefit of b94 is that bumping it to a 'relatively short and
easy to share' length of 20 chars puts you just past 128 bits.
"Easy to share" is not the same as "easy to memorize",
that tradeoff is yours to make. There's no substitute for bits.
Others here will certainly chime in with ways to trade out
real bits for CPU and RAM. It would be nice to have a link
to a site with a table of various KDF's that estimates the
number of bits they provide in trade, given today's known
and projected CPU/GPU/ASIC and RAM/storage capabilities.
And obviously you know choosing any dictionary or 31337
lettering scheme is far too narrow in bits, especially for
anything that is not costly to brute, or worth protecting.
No idea what you're trying to provide.

@_date: 2016-09-17 05:12:38
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Widest Rainbow Table? 
Given all the functions in crypto, math, natural science,
etc that people like to generate input rainbow tables for
that fully exhaust all the output of the function (ie: one
particular solution in case of collisions) so that you can
lookup an input to match a known output...
What is a link to some projects with the largest amount
of storage ever actually used for such a table?

@_date: 2016-09-20 04:57:51
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Recommendations for short AES passphrases 
b95 rfc helps something else I was working on, thx. Though the overall
idea to show greater scaling achieved at higher powers with wider bases.
In this case, yes it's marginal.

@_date: 2017-04-02 17:21:17
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RSA Crypto is officially insecure due to NIST 
"Thomas Asta" is a well known anonymous shill for the shitware known
as "goldbug".
You need to seriously search, research, evaulate, and audit
"goldbug", both on a code and "ethics" level, before giving it
any credence whatsoever. *Be warned*, at least as to ethics
and code development and community practices not limited
to binary reproduceability.
Ref: the cypherpunks list on this over many years.
With all due respect, it could be great software, however historical
evidence shows that you absolutely *must* prove that out before
even considering using it.
Nor should anyone ever forget that that rationale applies to all
and every of the most "trusted", "audited", "well known", "used
market share", and "vouched for" apps out there.

@_date: 2017-04-02 18:17:13
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Regulations of Tempest protections of buildings 
As there are many who might wish to utilize, and even create
more of, such publicly accessible spaces will you please...
a) List the full name, street address, and location within,
such as room number, that houses such a space.
b) The specifications to which such space was built,
and subsequently that it currently maintains adherence to.
Otherwise this is useless commentary.
Yep. There is an open market for all these various capabilities indeed.

@_date: 2017-04-02 18:32:04
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Regulations of Tempest protections of buildings 
I'd think that, unless intended not to for whatever reasons both legit
and unbenownst, which is prefectly fine, a poster should reference first,
a link to such publication. and that such publication should include
links to any applicable laws or promulgated regulations in forwardance
of their claims.
Otherwise they might seem shady bunk and intentional chilling effect
upon freemarket development of tempest applications.

@_date: 2017-04-02 19:18:57
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RSA Crypto is officially insecure due to NIST 
Of course we should not discount new so called "auditors" whose
names have "never been heard of before", everyone deserves free
entry into the business. But we should thoroughly examine
their statements as to their correctness, and herald or return
for reexamination their assertions upon review.
Suggestion has arisen in the community that these assertions
by said authors does infact need more review before being accepted.
Do *not* expect to escape that requirement.
As higlighted many times before, you routinely just go off into random
tangents in attempts to divert relavant critiques of your work.
That's fatal. And everytime people have to call you out on it
is doubly fatal.
Don't get me wrong, I want all good applications to succeed,
but authors have to step up to the plate in some fashion
before that, to prove that they are good.
There is substantial question as to if that's the case here.
Step up.
Being another Satoshi or Complication is fine, no problem,
that's an entirely valid aproach. But expect the ramifications
therein, and have means, even more means, to support that ideal.

@_date: 2017-04-02 19:27:01
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RSA Crypto is officially insecure due to NIST 
Neither of these are sufficient, on mere statement of such.
Both must be proven, relavantly.

@_date: 2017-04-02 20:01:19
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RSA Crypto is officially insecure due to NIST 
When you go around deleting and not responding directly to open
critiques of your work and methods, and closing your very own
supposed open forums in which such occurs, you deserve all what
results from that.

@_date: 2017-04-04 12:33:39
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Regulations of Tempest protections of buildings 
Sorry but if you can't see the written law, promulgated regulation, or
included by reference junk, even as an indigent for lols, then it doesn't
exist, you don't have to comply with it, and can't be prosecuted for it.
There is a very famous guy (can't find link) who goes around suing
FOIA / States / Jurisdictions over this bullshit secret law proprietary
copyright trademark access fee crap, and winning. He's also going
after inhouse crap like PACER, and farmed out junk like LexisNexis.
And prople are trying to go after FISC/FISA/PATRIOT too.

@_date: 2017-04-04 13:44:33
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Does anyone here know PAM? 
You mean
Various tools / ports / projects in both Linux and BSD do exist that will
get you magical login encrypted homedirs. OSX also has it.
Now that per dataset crypto keying is in ZFS, you might expect to see
some uniform use of it spread across everything except Windows.
You could find other implementations, FUSE, PAM, login, etc here...
Linux does bunch of things with FUSE / PAM / dmcrypt.
Even the old NFS crypto loopback still exists.
Probably, or quite commonly.
More tricky is defining and detecting whatever is considered to be a
logout state, timeout, loss of human user, etc.
If that is what you want as part of an outcome, then yes.
See above links.
Other people will probably post others.

@_date: 2017-04-04 20:40:11
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Regulations of Tempest protections of buildings 
If people want to be apologists for the Secret Arbitrary Control Profit State,
they exactly deserve what they get, and such things do and will affect you
eventually. oh, are you going to praise the $1000 it costs you do buy the
driver / tax / employment / marriage "law". If you can't see, read, debate,
contest and ply to modify the entirety of the law, freely, even as a $broke
bum on the street, it's not a law. This is absolutely fundamental principle
and requirement of working "democracy", among other memes.
Otherwise you're a subject of tyranny of elites who don't give a fuck about you.
Nobody cares it you take the public body of law, *add* your own annotations,
work, etc, and resell that product... that is *not* law. Of course Malamud will
lose that. However that's entirely different than the law public
itself, including
all "included by references", etc. If it is work product of
Legislative, Judicial,
Executive branches, it must be free and freely available, and so must all
such deliberated included's... this is fundamental here.
If you have to pay to see that which you must comply with, it isn't law,
and you have a rock solid case to ignore it, unless of course too many
apologists have made that slippery slope happen, for which you're doomed.
You're a complete fool to comply with a "law" you cannot freely read for free.
Show me the law, I'll make my own damn "annotations".

@_date: 2017-04-04 21:27:36
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Tempest and limits on receiving 
AMPS is long dead in the US, but you don't see that now
irrelavant and useless thing being removed from "law" do you.
(Well, more applicably, "cordless household phones", which
have also evolved somewhat beyond a simple fixed 800MHz
carrier. Regulate Technology vs. Act, stupid govt's.)

@_date: 2017-04-05 23:55:01
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Regulations of Tempest protections of buildings 
If one has to *pay* to read the *law*, then today's reality is *wrong*.
The prior paragraphs stand, including the winnable case people have
under defined situations, it's expected people may have to reread in red
pill mode to grok that. Go ahead, pay for that $1000 crypto key today,
see what they do to you tomorrow. As said, it is you who won't be able
to afford the tax to read the law, nor parry it, and you will be subject
to it as you say, oh and then you will complain, while eating your free meal.

@_date: 2017-04-06 14:27:17
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Does anyone here know PAM? 
Generally, looking at PAM module for something like you seek 1) and 2)
is probably reasonable and reasonably cross platform. Beware locking
into coding for some specific platform "desktop environment" library,
vs looking at say how ssh-agent auth socket style as more cross
platform, even if the env var is still present the socket is gone
and memory wiped from underneath. Your larger effort will be around
defining your API in your listed item 3), and wiping all intermediate buffers.

@_date: 2017-04-11 06:57:33
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Regulations of Tempest protections of buildings 
The government gave you the internet as plaintext, you bought tons
of fixed hub and spoke compute endpoints, you thought crypto was a
banned munition, yet you chose to defy and run crypto on it (you even
encrypted wifi "radio" because reasons), and either way, they could shut
it all down in one day with ease by stationing armed thugs in the
centralized exchange points.
The government gave you the radio spectrum as plaintext,
you bought all sorts of decentralized RF equipment and towers
and mobile whips, physical p2p is a thing, thus they can't shut it
down without major distributed effort and expenditure 24x365.
Yet you fail to run crypto on it, even when you have same reasons,
and 100% defense, permission, and absolute right to do so via
the 1st Amendment which trumps all lesser "law" and promulgated
"regulation", a 4th to protect yourself from trolling, a 5th to shut up
about your keys, etc... just like you claim with your oh so precious
crypto on the internet.
Get real, get consistent, grok supreme law... defy the anti-munitions
and start encrypting your airwaves.
Well, you the people are the ones letting them encrypt over you...

@_date: 2017-08-01 14:43:40
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin Blockchain Has Been Forked (New: BitcoinCash 
The longest running most successful blockchain and cryptocurrency
in history (Bitcoin BTC/XBT) has finally been forked, for the first
known time, at last common block 478558, resulting in the new
BitcoinCash UAHF (BCC/BCH).
On August 1st 2017, We the People will breathe new life into Bitcoin.
A group of miners, developers, investors, and bitcoin users will
upgrade the Bitcoin protocol as specified by the  User Activated
Hard Fork (UAHF).
Those who do not want to follow our lead are free to use whichever
chain they like.  Miners implementing the UAHF will safely split
away, creating a new version of Bitcoin called "Bitcoin Cash".
All current Bitcoin holders will automatically own Bitcoin Cash.
The existing ledger at the time of the split is preserved, thus
users retain any balances they had before the split.
Bitcoin Cash brings sound money to the world.  Merchants and users
are empowered with low fees and reliable confirmations. The future
shines brightly with unrestricted growth, global adoption,
permissionless innovation, and decentralized development.
These ideals can be achieved, but it depends on you to succeed.  We
need the support of miners, investors, and users like you. Join us
to help achieve Satoshi's original vision of Bitcoin as Peer-to-Peer
Electronic Cash.

@_date: 2017-08-01 23:52:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin Blockchain Has Been Forked (New: 
Then your wallets are empty and you are broke.
Pre-fork tx remain valid in both.
Post-fork are generally valid only in respective.
Closest financial sector analogue for dummies is a 2 for 1 stock split.
However there's much more to it than that.

@_date: 2017-08-02 17:02:26
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin Blockchain Has Been Forked (New: 
No one will run N other chains / hierarchies just to cross
check the spending matrix, cost and complexity are too high.
Holders won't tolerate destruction their held value by arbitrary
spending censorship, they'll move to new more free coins.
For example, the "Z" currencies (Zcash, Zclassic, particularly
Zencash) introduced some new privacy and anti-censor features
to the market and are doing pretty well in space as a result.
Open markets perform their own discovery and analysis
of all issues, thus market itself can be consulted as a
component of guidance and insight.
Coin evolution, development, migration and upgrades are
an expected part of DC life for the next decade or more.
Live it and/or stay with fiat lifecycle as desired.
Re BTC: prefork holders don't need to do anything this minute,
spenders can buy and spend their usual places, traders can trade.
Current combined price = $3200, and generally above $3000,
which is still quite up from prefork, BTC hasn't really moved,
it's all in BCC. BCC has high txrate and low fees that BTC doesn't,
so things could flip before long, especially when...
More development of pluggable storefront API's and entire
financial space that can handle top three to five popular coins...
just like cash / ach / wire / visa / mc / ds / amex etc today.

@_date: 2017-08-03 00:13:42
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Strong Crypto Kit [was: Enigma kit] 
While cool, at the end of the day it implements broken crypto,
on relatively closed inauditable core chip. So it's an unusable
coffee table conversation piece.
Why not put the $300 towards an open discrete implementation of at
least some well known secure symmetric cipher, buildable in a year
or so of casual hobby time. Or even order it premade so long as
full audit and test vector is completable similarly by self.
A contract investment by builders in cryptocurrency could pay for
the design dev and parts making things basically free.
Why? Because cryptos should give a fuck...

@_date: 2017-08-03 01:49:07
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to find hidden/undocumented instructions 
"Lastly, a so-called `halt and catch fire' instruction was
discovered on an as-yet unnamed x86 processor. This
instruction, executed in ring 3 from an unprivileged process,
appears to lock the processor entirely. To rule out kernel bugs,
the instruction was tested against three Linux kernels and two
Windows kernels, yielding the same results. Kernel debugging
with serial I/O and interrupt hooks appeared to corroborate the
results. At the time of this paper's publishing, the vendor has
not been provided sufficient time to respond to the issue."
This is nice work. These sort of fuzzers and searchers need a
distributed network version to cover more space deeper and faster.

@_date: 2017-08-04 11:21:35
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to find hidden/undocumented instructions 
One might expect a set of hard to find random opcodes,
or some other trigger, and for Skynet's embeds to already
know about most of them.

@_date: 2017-08-06 12:09:08
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to find hidden/undocumented instructions 
Define "full run". Brief read of paper seems the software is not
designed to exhaust all possible instructions... ie: from 0x0 to 0xf....
Even if some distributed platform did, which would be good research project,
it would not come close to knocking the doors of any hidden Easter Eggs
as the potential trigger combinations there are much more vast.

@_date: 2017-08-24 00:31:11
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] PGP-Signed Email 
ex: people are broadcasting "donate to me" addresses while using
shitty VPN's, proxies, caches, exits, TLS MITM, services, etc.
These can and do get rewritten by malactors / bitrot.
Yes, few sig 100% of time, so this proves nothing, even if so.
And sorting out repudiation assertions / miss-sigs is often not too easy.
A greater value of sig is establishing key history to email address / context,
of any frequency, so that key somewhat more easily trusted... vs cold asking
for a key from some address in a "now" situation when key is needed,
and address may in fact be compromised, where key / person may
not yet be, etc. Suprisingly low frequency needed to establish that.
No crypto is panacea... requires threat models, context, assertions,
analysis, proofs, etc.

@_date: 2017-08-26 01:57:46
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] PGP-Signed Email 
Who is the "sender", who is the "signer", who is the mitm?
What is being asserted? What out of band is there? etc...
Yes, happens with http (which includes html mail list archives), often with
tor (even tls mitm there upon the stupid), lesser "offshore" hosting svcs, etc.
One might prefer to see now and then evidence of ongoing sign / decrypt ability,
not just keylisting ability in some long forgotten email sig tagline.
PGP is just a tool... appropriate context, application, and usage is everything.

@_date: 2017-12-01 19:04:44
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: CME Approved, Coin Paychecks, FED, 
CME approved to launch crypto futures trading on December 18th.
Getting salary in crypto
Printing money
Now with Zcash and Bitcoin Cash

@_date: 2017-12-02 05:25:18
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: CME Approved, Coin Paychecks, FED, 
Shares are evaluated based on ability of company to return capital
plus profit. There is always a point at which further upward valuation
becomes unpalatable to a rational investor.
Cryptocurrencies, certainly "Bitcoin", do not generally / currently
pull in resources on the backside, thus are incapable of return
in that fashion.
Thus invalid comparison.
Should first minimally learn or be instructed what an eight decimal
ledger vs "coin" is. Evaluating cryptocurrency is totally different
than evaluating shares of IBM.
Basic math on an upheld promise of cryptocurrency says
there's plenty of % gain to be had over the future. Some
will concur and stake a position, some won't. There was
no 10+ years ago, and not relavant since you can't invest
a coin into itself (lending it isn't that either).
All purchased tulips either died and returned to non reconstitutable
molecules, or spawned upon the owners with various term success.
Ledger ownership and existance of most cryptocurrencies continues
indefinitely by design, and in the case of "Bitcoin" has both an agreed
known and fixed final quantity and issuance curve.
Thus invalid comparison.
They are free to choose their allocations.
Historically more likely to be wreckage among fiats.
Stay agile.
There is no such back in the box,
nor will development be abandoned by all.

@_date: 2017-12-02 17:18:51
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: CME Approved, Coin Paychecks, FED, 
Some links to data reflecting economic policy, and things
for comparison with political / social modeling, controls,
and laws in relation to cryptocurrencies...

@_date: 2017-12-03 00:05:02
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: CME Approved, Coin Paychecks, FED, 
Cryptocurrency seems a different underlying perspective...
No, that's called ability to barter, often occurring on third party exchange,
which is specialized market in market economy...
There should be little problem exchanging retail
amounts of crypto, at minimum there are...
Not really, and since they're put to market, they do all the time.
In fact, everyone's precious Gold has *lost* 31% of its spot since
July 2011, was a complete bear from 1980 to 2001, and only went
up a puny 7.4x in 11y to 2011, not even a third doubling. For 28 out
of 47 years since 1971, it lost, at least in terms of USD.
The IMF killed off the last gold backed fiat (Swiss) in 1999.
Here is a price chart of a new [crypto] currency being adopted...
You can play around with historical forex charts online
to compare behaviour of other currency sets..
Then change the price.... prospect and stake your own claims,
switch to lab / simulated versions or other shiny dirt rocks, or
quit buying them as bling.

@_date: 2017-12-03 13:59:21
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto Documentary: Banking On Bitcoin 
Not since the invention of the Internet itself has there been such a
controversial technological creation as Bitcoin. Bitcoin is the most
disruptive invention since the internet, and now an ideological battle
is underway between fringe utopists and mainstream capitalism.
Bitcoin's early pioneers sought to blur the lines of sovereignty and
the financial status quo. After years of underground development,
Bitcoin grabbed the attention of a curious public  as well as the ire
of the regulators the technology had subverted. Yet after landmark
arrests of prominent cyber criminals, Bitcoin, which actually surged
on election night, still faces its most severe adversary, the very
banks it was built to destroy.
Full movie

@_date: 2017-12-03 17:44:27
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: CME Approved, Coin Paychecks, FED, 
Re: crypto investing, social, politics
According to market cap other cryptos are receiving 44% of the fiat
money input. (Though note that market cap is a bogus metric.)
If users don't evaluate and/or overextend themselves that's their
own fault. Help them evaluate.
If able to borrow from govt / users, that's tricky.
If they borrow at 0%, no problem, sell the crypto and repay.
If they borrow at > 0% to enrich themselves, you shouldn't be
entrusting your fiat to such entities who thereby devalue
and possibly lose and take it.
Not that it matters anyways since every fiat spent into crypto
devalues that fiat ala minimally forex shift.
A couple Golden Rules of fixed quantity cryptos:
- Never sell for any amount less than your buy price minus
any amount granted as disposable risk.
- Hodl, at least until you don't have to anymore, or adoption
Would you accept less than a dollar for your dollar? No!
Yet you accept it every day due to money printing inflation.
If you hodl fiat, you will lose value... there is no point
at which you can execute a stop loss on fiat, except by move
to non inflating asset, or grow it and try to beat whatever
prime and other rates, taxes, etc.
Many cryptos are non inflating (aka: not lossy), and are currently
also high growth.
What's interesting is that borrowing markets are already developing
among cryptos themselves, even extending out to fiat.
Show us a contract from any such institution stating that
such institution itself will guarantee and pay fiat on demand.
Exchanges don't do that, they're neutral, their order books do.
Wallet providers (aka: banks) don't do that, their insurers do.
Insurers don't do that, because they're woefully insolvent
aganst systemic / mass / excess casualty. Including these...
Users hold their private keys against counterparty default.
Most crypto is ownership, not debt. Provided the crypto, protocols,
and network ops are strong... there is no internal confidence event.
Regulation will cause most external confidence events.
Until the swiss bank in your phone absorbs, overpowers, and governs
regulators and other influences causing them.
What do you think last months massive buy in was?
Exchanges and connections tanked because they were chumps
and/or jammed by regulatory limits.
No, they get exactly what's under their mouse button when they
decide to click it.
They were cheated at fiat debt, not crypto owned... a prudent
investors has no current reason to sell crypto.
The promise of crypto and the unwritten compact of its users is
that there is no reason to sell, only to adopt and use it...
The ever growing many thousands of places around the world accepting
crypto prove this theory is working and will continue to do so.
Again, hidden debt, in an open ledger crypto, isn't possible.
You either own it or you don't.
None of this precludes the issuance of crypto loans.
Who voted for and invested in a resultant scheme that let that
Trying to write around the failures of all of govts, fiat, and the
users like this... is a failure in itself. Don't do that.
Yes, the fiat schemes are sounding like that, the crypto badger
itself is just fine as always and simply doesn't give a shit.
Own some, without taking on debt to do it.

@_date: 2017-12-06 02:16:25
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: CME Approved, Coin Paychecks, FED, 
Shorting cryptos works as any other investment.
That's also rather based on some true original
owner (share lender, or simply you) wanting the
things back because think on longer term they're
going upside past the sell, while you get to
play with them in shorter term downside.
Unless they figure it's going up longer term in which
case the obvious applies...
,,, seems they were right, $10k's drop was just a
breather, BTC is $12600 today
Negative balance often means debt, which means another whole layer
enabling asserting, accepting and collecting it, or at least
evaluating lending risk beforehand, and writing it off. Those seem
many years down the road before embedded in a coin system.  Real
world ID and goon squads aren't disappearing soon either.

@_date: 2017-12-06 02:53:51
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: CME Approved, Coin Paychecks, FED, 
The problem with this is that in a crypto ticker like BTC, where
most analyst expectations are for upward multiples, one could
end up throwing away their base needed to realize that CapG.
If it was just some random ticker that nobody wants to
give an estimate on, that would make more sense. But the
spec with "Bitcoin" isn't standard S&P ranges, it's trend 0,
or moon. Since everyone with a brain assumes going into it
that trend to 0 there is an acceptable spec writeoff... HODL,
spend-buyback to foster, or one-time-half-to-cash are some
of the more commonly observed propositions, caveat any
further financial needs of the individual.

@_date: 2017-12-06 03:29:06
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: CME Approved, Coin Paychecks, FED, 
Cryptos might eat half of gold as storage alone, and
then go multiples based on other uses and phenomenon
like currency float.
Gold is a store, insulation against fiat, not a practical currency, relatively
flat, creation limitations unknown. Cryptos (ie "Bitcoin") is a store,
viable currency, has been experiencing multiple returns, creation fixed.
So there are at least a few significant differences.

@_date: 2017-12-08 13:15:46
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptos Take Action Against US Senate Bill S.1241 
US Senate Bill S.1241 to Criminalize Concealed Ownership of Bitcoin,
P2P Trading of Personal Amounts, Etc
The entire cryptocurrency space is rightly against this one.
And these slopes won't stop at just cryptocurrency, it's
another whack eventually tilting back at crypto itself.
Pick up the phone, write your mails, and join in the fray.
Kill Bill.

@_date: 2017-12-10 23:59:13
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency Futures 
CBOE-XBT 1/2/3 month all up 10% over spot in opening trading.
First day settlement price TBD...
One more week till round two

@_date: 2017-12-11 12:59:59
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency Futures 
Here's a long thread on peoples understanding of what
crypto currency and its economic implications are...
A smaller one on crypto futures...
Website on US Senate Bill 1241 regarding the large thread below...
All from a few lines of crypto software in 2009.
Expect more.

@_date: 2017-12-12 14:05:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency Futures 
Many more cryptocurrency ETF's on their way now too...
Banks: Too big to fail?
Cryptocurrency: Pwns Wall St.... now too big to shutdown.
Massive influx to continue.

@_date: 2017-12-15 02:44:07
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin Cash Devel, Hal Finney's Letter, 
Sticking To Satoshi's White Paper with Amaury Sechet,
Lead Developer of Bitcoin Cash
Epic Convos: Cash to win vs Core @ Anarcha|Crypto pulco
AudioBook - Bitcoin.pdf
Cryptocurrencies Break Through $500 Billion As
People Make Death Pledges To Buy More
The Globalist Plan To Blame Bitcoin For Biblical
Level Collapse In 2018
"Bitcoin", the philosophy, will live on and strong, regardless of
whichever ticker symbol carries its banner from time to time.
Keep your coin agile...

@_date: 2017-12-17 02:47:20
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] High volume thermal entropy from an iPhone 
Problem with talk in thread about hardware is
that it's incredibly hard to impossible to build
and run trusted systems on top of untrusted HW.
Only fools keep trying to spin their way around
fundamental problem...
Essentially all HW in production today is
in fact completely untrustable. One has not
even a single proof about what truly is happening
under the hood. Not even the apparent result of 2
to a simple query of 1 + 1 can be trusted because
one cannot exhaust all conditions under which it
may be asked. That approach is a mental failure.
Time again the far better general solutions of
 OpenFabs , OpenHW , OpenSW
are plainly presented by various people,
in conference talks, etc. But who is doing
the revolutionary work needed to actually
fund / get such HW methodologies, production, and
economies off the ground in a big way... .
All it takes is a few large donors to cold boot an
OpenFab capable of printing thus OpenHW.
Till then you get what you demanded and asked
for by silent omission... untrustable garbage HW.
Cryptocurrency is one step to fix that in monetary.
Where is the steps to fix that in HW... the revolution
is monetarily achievable, and long past due.

@_date: 2017-12-19 01:48:36
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
jameson.lopp at gmail.com:
Many say such proposals as LN can, are likely to, or will, devolve back into
the old centralization / trust / economics problems that cryptocurrencies
were born from Cypherpunk to solve, and to expect a continual process of
proposing testing and discarding such elements that don't advance that solution.
How The Banks Bought Bitcoin - The Lightning Network
Blockstream Turning Bitcoin Into Fiat?
The Biggest Scam In The History Of Mankind - Hidden Secrets of Money Part 4
Decentralised Truth: Use Beats Authority (Delegation Wrecks Fools)

@_date: 2017-12-19 12:25:26
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
Two different points of view in video form were listed by posters.
The reader can now research analyse discuss debate support and
decide for themselves which point of view / tech is better / for them.
Unless of course they try to do that in the widely documented as
being *censored* echo chambers of bitcointalk and /r/bitcoin.
Or they can set that aside as outside their scope / capability
as users / investors and simply research the FACTS of the
current operating market... BTC falling from 100% market cap
share to under 48%, now with ridiculously and even prohibitively
high fees and confirmation times for many end user use cases for
months, and multiple competing coins now being turned up in the
payment processors and exchanges for retail use.
No longer the defacto leader, are BTC's days as a leading coin now numbered?
Which coins are now jointly carrying forward the ethos of "Bitcoin"
including any cypheranarchopunk virtues that might be
distilled from the message in Satoshi's Genesis Block?
Which coins have features, movements, governance in directions
that might in fact allow banks, governments, and other adversaries
to indeed exert undue / unwanted influence over them?
Which coins are actively catering / designing to and partnering
with said entities, whether to counter disrupt, or simply to provide
[exclusive] cryptocurrency solutions / replacements for printed fiats
and other existing systems in the finance space?
Which coins are and do not?
There is more than one coin now, and these and more that could
be posed by others are all fundamentally important questions that
must be openly asked, answered, and understood by all in the space.
Which chambers people choose are up to them, indeed
diversification is a fine strategy to avoid being tied up in just one,
unless of course that suits their fancy.

@_date: 2017-12-20 00:27:51
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
Avg Joes really don't like people and corps and governments all
up in their business. Don't believe this, ask them over beers.
If you give them two otherwise identical coins, tell them one's
private and the other isn't with an honest five minute explanation,
they'll pick the private one. It's up to you to make, give, and explain.
Bitcoin is nowhere near private or anonymous.
Genuine cryptographic privacy needed for that, such as found in
the Zerocash (Zcash) family of coins, as well as other
technology and tools. Even then some attention to proper
usage is needed.
Explain to Joe USA that banks and governments are actually
silently scamming and thieving him to the tune of around 3% a year
via simple inflation, plus much more on top of that via other means...
he'll probably be quite happy to attend your cryptocurrency
handling and storage class. People aren't completely dense,
they do ask and want to know how, especially if they find
you trustworthy. You have to earn that.
Plastic is a scam, designed to track, control and tax your ass
under a guise of being beneficial, all while being easy to swallow,
which you did.
Cryptocurrency is the new plastic, without the scam.
There's a "war on cash" against humanity conducted by governments
banks and corps don't ya know. Search that string.
Cryptocurrency is the new cash. Get them setup
on their phone, tip well, tell them it'll be worth something if they
manage / use it well together within their peer / community groups.
That will get their attention and spark something there much more
than yet another boring $10 bill would. That's your job.

@_date: 2017-12-20 20:23:25
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] payments, 
He was party to negotiating terms of sale, acceptance of same
and the goods. Both parties get exactly what they agreed to.
Should people be able to buy 65" TV and chargeback return
them after that stupid game known as the SuperBowl? Nice try.
Yes, obviously this must happen, because you know damn well
strong crypto with backdoors in it that smells like swiss cheese
is nothing but snakeoil to which your bank account, contracts,
personal emails, and more will all fall. And strong crypto is needed
for so many fine things. Crypto is just a shovel, it doesn't have to
answer twisted questions like this. Plow snow or whack someone
with it. Nice try though.
As before, you and the Swedes all got scammed, worse
yet, you agreed to it, probably while watching the SuperBowl
drunk on beer, how stupid was that... lol, suckers.
Adopt cryptocurrency and scam them back.

@_date: 2017-12-20 20:37:47
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
To the extent Q / AI are ranked as legit threats, then the same level
of efforts should be being thrown into deploying Post Q/AI cryptocoin,
and serious questions should be lodged and asked of those that don't.

@_date: 2017-12-20 22:33:20
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Lakestone Bank and Trust Just Made A Problem, 
294 Likes843 Comments189 Shares
It's not the 1990's hidden away in quiet courtrooms
and obscure mailing lists anymore.
Going against the second crypto revolution now has
dire public consequences.
And just like the first revolution, crypto will win.
Grab yer cryptoguns an saddle up, gonna be a fun ride y'all...

@_date: 2017-12-21 00:01:58
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Roger Ver Reddit AMA, 
Roger Ver Reddit AMA
Berwick body slams Bitcoin Core caught in Dangerous Position
Ignore self adverts, understand message
Lightning Pay Channels
Old Core vs New Cash
BTC in real trouble on US national TV...
LTC dev also bailed out...
Rick Falkvinge Reacts Bitcoin Legacy is NOT a 'Store Of Value'
Cryptocurrency: The Real Occupy Wall Street
Anarchast Convos with Jimmy Song (BTC): Covering importance
of cryptocurrency in general as agnostic anarcho sound base layer,
corruption, inflation, waking up, "I could buy crypto with that...",
and much more... remember, in places, s/bitcoin/cryptocurrency/

@_date: 2017-12-22 00:27:50
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Zcash 2nd Ceremony Call for Review / Participation, 
The Zcash Foundations Powers of Tau Ceremony
The Zcash Foundation is excited to announce that we have already begun
coordinating a Powers of Tau ceremony. Because the results of this
ceremony are intended for general public use (not just for Zcash), we
want to involve as many diverse participants as possible
(professionals, startups, enterprises, and even just ordinary members
of the community).

@_date: 2017-12-22 13:47:18
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Zcash 2nd Ceremony Call for Review / 
RSA was at one time new and insufficiently understood and not
yet reviewed by large numbers of cryptographers and cryptanalysts,
even to this day and in the future some of RSA may be unknown.
Zk-SNARK related crypto is no different.
Continued publication and review will yield better understanding
of its security and any potential weaknesses and breaks.
Calling a crypto new pursuant to that process is fine.
Considering if new crypto is redundant use case and design to
existing well tested crypto families is fine.
Using new crypto in critical applications can be debated.
Simply calling new crypto bad or good without that public
process backing up the finding is wrong.
For coins that offer two modes, any default as to private or transparent
should be left to user choice, with client unset and unusable upon
startup until set pursuant to plainly documented helptext,
with per tx options thereafter. Then this is a non issue.
Many news outlets fail to understand that the docs say that
for the ceremony to fail it is all-must-fail, not one-must-fail.
Review the actual docs and code, determine if they are both
correct and strong.
"Cypherpunk Desert Bus" including intermediate versions and as
Updated on/after 20171010... archive.org, and other internet
commentaries from others available to date...
Yes, it is a good thing that you can search and find all sorts of
material regarding the crypto behind Zerocoin and Zerocash that
needs to continue going through the very serious matter and
process of understanding, reviewing. proving, reproducing
builds and ceremonies, etc. Here are two more papers...
Zcash seems actively calling for such review.
People should engage in that review since regardless whether
Zcash any of the other Z coins or even cryptocurrency is of interest,
the new zero knowledge crypto and use cases will apply to a wide
range of applications, thus it really does need to be proven or
debunked by a much wider crypto and applied community.
No different than say both the underlying crypto and ceremonies
of DNS root and CA keys... serious business.
Crap about founders rewards, "volatility", etc could apply to
any coin and isn't part of zk-snark crypto, builds, ceremonies.
Who designed and implemented a crypto could apply, though
usually ends up being transcended / mooted over sufficent
timescales under opensource public analysis.
As with the ongoing "M" mix question, the only way to answer
the "Z" question is to get down to the business of reviewing it...

@_date: 2017-12-24 02:35:48
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Open source encrypted file system for cheap IoT 
No device info was included by OP.
Assuming BSD or Linux kernel, they both offer tiny
simple full extent kernel block device encryptors upon
which their standard filesystems can be laid down.
Insufficient info given by OP to fit others.

@_date: 2017-12-24 22:10:28
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
shows near term updates coming that significantly
raise performance.
There are surely other mix implementations you could list,
including mix coins such as Monero, or simple swap services
such as helix / fogcore.
Already happens, search: chainanalysis
Which is why all of swap / mix / privacy methods may be
useful in certain use cases. However as before in the Zcash
thread, in general, a well studied reviewed and used true cryptoprivacy
coin may seem to be most and long term resistant to analysis,
usage error, liquidity / anonymity set, unlike swaps / mixes.
Needless, untrustable, bloating, assertion.

@_date: 2017-12-25 19:45:47
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
Nothing really new here that wasn't understood by
blockchain tech community in early days...
Blockchain Analysis and Anti-Money Laundering (X-post from /r/DarknetmarketsOz)
submitted 20161110T233518 by Realitybytes_
As promised many months ago, I have attended my first CP session on
AML/CTF for cryptocurrency and I am now in a position to discuss at a
high level what the current state of play is.
While AML issues have not been touched on in this course yet
(strategies and counter strategies will be discussed in session 2), I
felt some of these issues are too important to wait for a better write
up post this time and the overall method they are using to undertake
AML analysis is now exceptionally clear.
I note some of the technology demonstrated to us in these sessions is
very new (been in use for less than 90 days) and from what we are
being shown, it's powerful enough that some significant steps may need
to be taken in the future to avoid being tagged, I will address this
after outlining what is being demonstrated to us.
The current state of play
Not much surprise too many of you who are concerned with significant
opsec, however banks have been indiscriminately flagging every
transaction related to bitcoin purchases and sales for quite some
time, I even raised in this my previous post on AML/CTF.
When I raised this previously, I assumed it was just regular AML/CFT
controls, however I was wrong, this information has been used in a
project I was not privy too, and this data from the banks I have
worked with (in Australia) has been consolidated with many banks
within the 5 eyes and provided to a data science corporate (Palantir)
to conduct large scale inference matching alongside the distributed
transactions that show funds being flowed into the block chain (via
banks, credit cards and KYC/verified website sites) and matches this
information up to begin building out a map of who wallets relate to.
The software is currently being developed to undertake profile
matching (albeit this is only in a preliminary stage) so if you have
sent funds to the same wallet from a different wallet, it will link
them to the owner again (this is still inherently inaccurate).
What this means for buyers
The systems in place seem heavily predecated around buyers not vendors
which I found surprising, with the early reports showing that in as
few as 2 transactions matched between the block chain distributed
ledger and bank accounts de-anonymising wallets which is undertaken
using information relating to a weight price of bitcoin (with
tolerances) and the tracking of the specific value of bitcoins being
sent, due to the finite nature of bitcoin transactions flowing from
bank accounts to wallets this is already being tracked in real time.
leading to the conclusion there are plenty of my peers buying from
markets) as far as we have ascertained, this data is not yet being
used for any purpose aside from mass de-anonymising users, which leads
my peers and me to believe that the movement of funds alone cannot be
used for raising charges, this does raise other concerns at an
administrative level, as it is likely this data could be shared
between government bodies to authorise a "probable cause" warrant on
mail and houses.
I can also confirm that this software was used in the most recent
police sting in New Zealand, adding weight to the conclusion that
judges are comfortable signing warrants on this information.
If you have always undertaken cash purchases of LBC, avoided KYC
requirements and never cashed out bitcoins, you are likely still
What this means for vendors
As detailed above, as the software undertakes bank and transaction
matching to wallets as long as they have never directly cashed out
money from a wallet to their bank, they should still be safe.
This section will likely be expanded on post session two when we
address AML concerns.
Tumblers are useless
Against my better judgement, Im going with this click bait heading,
but the premise is correct.
Due to the software running real time analysis on the ledger, simply
avoiding taint and breaking up coins is now entirely ineffective, as
it matches the full bitcoin amount to be received over a period of
time, as the software is built around a neural net of sorts (talking
out of school here, Im not a programmer) it appears to self-correct
in real time as a more "likely" or "accurate" owner conclusion is
Frequently asked questions
These are the questions asked in the audience and their response (not
mine; I have no opinion either way).
How quickly can it de- anonymise a user? If the user has sent coins
from a KYC verified organisation, the wallets sent through will be
de-anonymised in real time, otherwise it will assign a unique primary
key to the wallet once it has been identified as unique and it will
flag all wallets believe to be owned by this user.
Who is this data currently being shared with? The information is
available to all major international anti-crime organisations; however
at this time the  analysis has been undertaken for Australia, New
Zealand, America, Canada and the United Kingdom.
How will this impact other cryptocurrencies? The overall process it
determined to be identical, if there is a block chain to be analysed
and a trade of cash to these coins it is anticipated we will continue
to de-anonymise wallets.
How will this to used to combat the drug trade? The software will
inherently flag dealer wallets in the same process it flags
purchasers; however as the overall end result between buyers and
sellers is the opposite this information will be used to assist law
enforcement to identify volume of sales based on turnover.
 - Are we legally allowed to utilise this information? As
cryptocurrencies are determined to be an asset not a currency, the
existing laws allow this to be  monitored similar to that of any
What about monero? We believe due to the low adoption rate difficult
in obtaining coins and converting into cash that monero adoption will
continue to be low, similar to that of any alternative cryptocurrency.
What measures should now become the default
Under no circumstance should you be purchasing bitcoins from any KYC
verified organisation, and banks should be avoided.
Purchasing in cash is now the default.
 - Wallets should be changed regularly, at a "on a per transaction"
basis is possible.
Everyone should send bitcoins in rounded amounts from 0.25 to 1.0,
this would destroy the entire matching algorithm, if we all just send
coins in amounts of 1.0 it would be impossible to ascertain users if
we avoided KYC.
 - All bitcoin movements should be undertaken via a non-domestic VPN or TOR
Apologies if this article seems like a doom and gloom speech, I am
actually surprised as to how well developed this process is.
I got to play with the software for a few minutes and I was surprised
to see it new I purchased bitcoins and what my wallet was (fortunately
for me, there was no solid line to a market).
If you have any questions, please let me know, I will do another
follow up post my session two, however this is booked in for February,
so in the meantime stay safe and stay anonymous.

@_date: 2017-12-25 23:03:53
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
Specifically sapling, which incorporates performance,
2nd ceremony, other updates.
This list should really be quite interested in reviewing sapling's
new choice of curves, eg at minimum somewhat rigorous
methodology like...
No different than many other coins, with technology
and demands of the space advancing every quarter,
to which people should be well accustomed to this
as standard nature by now. Same for "volatility".
More media and crap rhetoric from competing coin rivalry.
Of course t-tx are not private, by design. Use z-tx to z-tx if privacy
is wanted.
Of course private z-tx make up only 20%, because t-tx is default,
what do you expect, and users are both stupid and haven't been trained
by those who might know (this list perhaps) into using privacy properly.
The available pool of z coins is similarly limited as a result.
The tin says t-tx and z-tx options exist so user can choose transparent
or private use cases as needed.
Nor do any coins generally implement options for random time delays
between tx, which has unfortunately or not been the realm of swaps
and their counterparty risk and fees.
Whose fault is it that services and users elect not to use z-tx?
Maybe they are not interested that privacy often comes with
cost, even computational cost, so what side are they truly on?
Will they change with sapling, or with future better coins?
'Shiny new maths'... isn't that the realm of this list?
Even a read of the abstract shows as flaws in user usage,
*not* an exploit of the coin itself.
Should a coin baby and encode user usage?
To what extent does babying correct the combined user failure?
Should they have options for distributing coins to addresses in
powers of 10 with sub-penny remainders being sent to charity of
choice? Or for a function mandating z output different amounts?
Decide that and more and bring the results to market.
Here's the actual paper...
On the linkability of Zcash transactions
Jeffrey Quesnelle University of Michigan-Dearborn
Are any of these things really not documented or out in
common knowledge to the point of being exploits?
Coinjoin, Monero, swaps... all just mixes.
Zerocash... cryptographic privacy.
Two totally different analysis vectors.
Formerly linked...
Zerocash... at least sender recipient amount,
expect future coins to get more exotic
with more functions under privacy.
Zerocoin... partial cryptographic privacy.
And now some searches on
zk-snark vs zk-stark
And proof / tx sizes have to be low enough to offer
viable benefit compared to BTC's on-disk accumulation.
Monero is quite a lot larger than anything to date.
Perhaps expect a new coin before long that will be strictly
sapling "z" - sn / st with an interesting airdrop little to no
founder reward or corporate ties and other nice things.
That's the beauty of the new cryptocurrency model, right?...
fork away from flaws and inefficiencies, import new tech,
exchange and move on. Even exchange fees and
user-timing-market realization losses are less than
fabled tax optioning right?
Search also...
Ethereum Metropolis
Monero adopting zk-tech
"The founders reward does not only seem somehow greedy. It violates
the important principle of cryptocurrencies, that the network pays its
peers for work than can be proven on-chain. The Zcash tax is paid for
the developers regardless of the amount of work that they do. The
blockchain cannot proof the effort of developers and thus should not
pay for it."
"Fungibility is lost under optional encryption."
"Zcash ""plans"" to kill off t-tx."
"Kovri to make the offering complete by masking IP addresses"
Early days... so much future!

@_date: 2017-12-26 16:46:31
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A little crypto-related history today 
One should commit all such things as a work to a redistributable
github or some such.

@_date: 2017-12-27 17:53:38
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Zcash 2nd Ceremony Call for Review / 
No claims, just noting that news outlets, competing coins, etc
often cite / claim posts on the internet as saying this or that
or whatever, when oftentimes a more detailed reading of the
posts alongside their cite / claim shows their error.
"Zcash 2nd Ceremony Call for Review / Participation"
Because... if Z / privacy tech (or any coin tech) is to become more
trusted and used in multitude of applications, or even just for $B's to $T's
worth of simple monetary holdings and flow, wide review of the
crypto and so on is part of that. The necessity of critical writeups
where due (by many people) along the way should be obvious.
Linking the easier to read unstriked version for those reviewing
or working coins, now and in the future, such that anything
noted therein might be considered in that process...
And some links collated from it...

@_date: 2017-12-27 21:04:49
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
Didn't say they were connected.
The btcmanager article's author is though by disclaimer...
"The author owns monero but does not own any zcash."
Rephrasing what that prefixed...
Is it *possible* to use whichever coin in a way such that an
analysis paper against it becomes mitigated / moot?
If no, then add the paper to the stack of breaks, and documented
design inapplicabilities / oversights / cantfixes / wontfixes and so on,
that will weigh upon its validity as a coin, and choices made as to
its use cases. "Goes to zero" breaks are obviously included in this.
If yes, then simply bashing the coin as broken, is crap rhetoric,
when the issue may really be better usage, documentation, knowledge,
and design therein so that such footshooting is harder or more obvious.
Given the usage caveats and potential mitigations noted in the
below, perhaps this is really a case of the latter yes condition.
A Traceability Analysis of Moneros Blockchain
In sum, all the purported privacy coins have years of analysis
and improvements to go before the word private can truly
be considered to apply to any of them. Further, it may
be that newer privacy tech and privacy coins will surpass
any that exist today. Communities getting embattled aren't
productive way to address design / tech, accept obsolescense,
and improve with new.
Change is part of the nature of cryptocurrencies.
The old rules of fiat should not be expected to apply.
There will *never*  be one coin to rule them all,
but many happy families. And every one will be far
different than whatever random stack of fiat notes
might fill the purse of a globetrotter.
Ps: DPRK, China, "criminals", etc supposedly print US money
in bulk just like the US itself does... interesting to compare that
to potential outcomes of any compromised ceremonies,
inadequate coin architectures, early heights of flawed blockchains
still affecting their own subsequent fixes and so on...

@_date: 2017-12-28 13:29:53
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NIST Post-Quantum Cryptography Round 1 Submissions 
~93 zipfiles
In recent years, there has been a substantial amount of research on
quantum computers  machines that exploit quantum mechanical phenomena
to solve mathematical problems that are difficult or intractable for
conventional computers. If large-scale quantum computers are ever
built, they will be able to break many of the public-key cryptosystems
currently in use. This would seriously compromise the confidentiality
and integrity of digital communications on the Internet and elsewhere.
The goal of post-quantum cryptography (also called quantum-resistant
cryptography) is to develop cryptographic systems that are secure
against both quantum and classical computers, and can interoperate
with existing communications protocols and networks.
The question of when a large-scale quantum computer will be built is a
complicated one. While in the past it was less clear that large
quantum computers are a physical possibility, many scientists now
believe it to be merely a significant engineering challenge. Some
engineers even predict that within the next twenty or so years
sufficiently large quantum computers will be built to break
essentially all public key schemes currently in use. Historically, it
has taken almost two decades to deploy our modern public key
cryptography infrastructure.  Therefore, regardless of whether we can
estimate the exact time of the arrival of the quantum computing era,
we must begin now to prepare our information security systems to be
able to resist quantum computing.

@_date: 2017-12-28 15:07:32
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
A major factor not accounted for is speculation by investors, their
needs often having little to no use case for privacy or anything else,
are pushing large volumes of unshielded tx% through exchanges.
Their fraction applies to all coins and needs considered in any
analysis as to why a coins tx metrics may look a certain way.
Investors may or may not be affected by say,
Monero's huge tx sizes before / after any future plans,
Zcash z-tx computation requirements before / after Sapling.
Even BTC's ridiculous tx fees are offset by style of holding
or large positions till whatever BTC changes.
Privacy is becoming a hot feature and research area of cryptocurrency
in general. Look forward to continual advancement and turnover in the space.
There will *never*  be one coin to rule them all.
For those whose use case / threat model demands z-z, or any other privacy
coin or method, "slow" and whatever are but secondary considerations.

@_date: 2017-02-19 03:00:13
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] HSMs or Intel SGX? Which is harder to hack? 
Don't use a general purpose device.
Though certainly dedicated HSM's have their list of hacks too.
Note that some regard SGX
as having already been broken
and btw ASLR just got beat up again
Esorics 2016 freebies

@_date: 2017-02-28 13:39:26
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] jammers, nor not 
A single layer of do it yourself aluminum foil is inexpensive,
perhaps about 1% at time of construction. Even if windows are
skipped, perhaps it would mitigate some driveby attacks such as...?
Add in some cheap rolldown foil over cloth window shades or
plywood shutters and maybe the residents would enjoy quite
pre-industrial RF free sleeping hours?
This seems easily pilot testable and marketable to both health
and spy type of customers.

@_date: 2017-01-09 23:16:42
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 33C3: cash :-) attacks ! 
More eyes on products certainly can't hurt.
And all these ideas here never going to make it to production.
You know, some of top 100 world richest could probably be
convinced just for the asking to throw a few $M to $B at
whatever proposal you brought for creating...

@_date: 2017-01-17 00:45:18
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency Exchange without a trusted third 
Failing to name entities does not support independant research and
verification of story. Are there facts, or are people so in fear of libel / suit
pursuant to their wanton conjecture?
Fear of tracing authorship of such (when posted non anon, lol)?
Or that anonymization of entity really provides any more
focus on concept expressed?
Get real on all such things.
Lest you develop habit of self squelching crypto weaknesses.

@_date: 2017-01-17 19:53:49
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency Exchange without a trusted third 
The general trendy to not name names, to hide,
to sequester open journalism and speech, under whatever premise,
is what is at issue here, not any specific instance of such,
as may be explained, among other plausibly banal reasons,
in the current example.

@_date: 2017-07-01 01:24:48
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Depending on Google to protect your anonymity?! 
Even without logging in, you can be cookied.
Even without cookies, you can retain TLS session keys
triggered by adsense, stats, CDN's, webbugs, etc...
people hardly ever mention this, test your browser.
Even without those, your browser is somewhat unique.
So much data and metadata correlatable and brokered
on the backside.

@_date: 2017-07-01 04:06:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's Trump Card 
On the contary...
In "trusted" / distributed cryptographic systems, especially digital
currencies, the issues of things like witheld keys, founders BDFL
influence, premining, early miners, ICO raison, DAO / voting rulesets,
possibility of [theft / rubberhose access, change of philosophy]
subversion of or by bulk stakeholders, and more... illustrate a very
real risk, or benefit, as may be one's point of view or choice of words...
and very much should be considered both in design stages, and
regarding any currently deployed implementations.
"[DC's] must be robust against even armed aggressors."
As / And such agressors or benefactors may come from
least expected locations, including from the ashpile.
And be they collated into one, or discreetly spread, there are
many [ash]piles of potentially activist coin...
Consideration of links out to places and papers that at least in
part are proposing new assemblages of crypto primitives to solve things
like scaling and other issues... those tech codes / algos / protocols
would benefit from examination as well. With even the social commentary
present being indicative of their underlying importance.
People might like devoting analysing / proofing those new crypto tech,
even their clearly present social and political issues,
instead of boring quarterly rehashing oft baked and done RNG topics.
""On topic" discussion includes technical aspects of cryptosystems,
social repercussions of cryptosystems, and the politics of

@_date: 2017-07-01 05:19:12
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's Trump Card 
No idea what that means. Anyway...
Keys (UTXO / addrs) from parent inherit spendably into both forks (cross
referencing to forks to determine their spent status before spending
is ridiculous overhead and won't be done, other dynamics take over, and
no one cares).
No. Only a moron would waste their entire nut, so
$2.5B - $5M for lifelong living expenses = ...
... = $2.495B = a lot. Which can flood everyone else that can't
pay rising tx out, killing the coin and lofting their chosen survivor.
= $10/tx * 100tps = 30day fragfest
Ironic that blocksize >>> current, is easy way to absorb.
As before, rich activsts will have two chains to play in...
one to support, one to kill. Multiple competing actors could
cancel each other out yielding a net chaos depression for a while.
Decentralized DC blockchain is new money paradigm, users lilypads
will change, and are responsible to choose own path to success.
Adopters should know this going in.
Otherwise stay in their comfy fiat, while it lasts (as some predict).
Govt's may own bulk coin too, in addition to cheaper ways.
Wasn't there recent a post on how blockchain = NSA = Satoshi = BTC?

@_date: 2017-07-01 05:36:05
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's Trump Card 
Analyses link to show potential exist of plural actors...

@_date: 2017-07-01 16:26:04
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's Trump Card 
"The full text of this essay is only available to subscribers of the
London Review of Books."
Needs liberated by punks using the schwartz...

@_date: 2017-07-01 17:08:29
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's Trump Card 
Part of the crypto revolution... and what crypto-anarchist
would not love to lure and transfer gullible stat[es/esmen/ists].
Political candidates now accepting bitcoin campaign donations,
and surely dabbling in DC's themselves while not having clue.
Some first glance utilities might be... reducing size of blockchain
enabling pruning, setting expectation of coin as being code mobility
rolling release nonfork... ie: follow or be left behind. And there is
already concept of coin days destroyed = coin in a tx * idle days.
One problem is replicating [multiparty / programmed] contracts.
These tend to have required [human / bot / DAO] negotiation which
not all parties may wish to re-agree to, they may also be happy to
watch demurrage burn things out of spite. Potentially leaving some
merkle lingering longer than first thought.
[If that is case then] another aspect is distributed designs to
actually carve up and store unprunable decades worth of
blockchain into a queryable historical storage layers,
possibly again then demurring themselves if needed as
size grows and legacy queries die off. Recalculating checkpoints,
collating into signed active history bundles, and so on.
Cute, but not really elegant or power efficient.

@_date: 2017-07-02 15:10:23
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] LRB article, Satoshi's Trump Card 
Perhaps if the author, who appears to have some knowledge
of and interest in cryptocurrencies and cypherpunks, would post
their own BTC address on their page...
And if their chosen syndication channels would post their own BTC address...
Then maybe some combination of them could earn some crypto coin.
Here's lots of places to spend them...
Perhaps if the author and/or their channel had social presence on
say distributed / overlay cryptographic networks, some additional
interesting "Letters" (as at the end of every article) might be received.
Here's a random social net...
Not everything must be technical. Here's some further articles of
potential interest to those who might have coin or know such nets...
On 5 January 2011, at 8.30 p.m., I was messing about at home when the
phone buzzed on the sofa. It was a text from Jamie Byng, the publisher
of Canongate. Are you about? it said. I have a somewhat left-field
idea. Its potentially very exciting. But I need to discuss urgently.
Canongate had bought, for 600,000, a memoir by the WikiLeaks founder,
Julian Assange. ...
Watching Me Watching Them Watching You: Surveillance
On: No Place to Hide: Edward Snowden, the NSA and the Surveillance State

@_date: 2017-07-02 18:36:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's Trump Card 
A general theme is that large holders (or whoever might have
stolen or other access to stashes) can influence outcomes.
It's *not* meant to insinue or comment on "Satoshi" proper, but
to highlight possible X factors present in various coinbases.
Founders archives, rich lists, combined with how a coin can
be used or influenced, can all be places to look for them.
Emergence of DC's themselves is steeped in crypto "anarchism
possible" activism. Participants (minimally investors) in any
cryptocurrency would be nuts to not consider them if present.
1M BTC plus rich list are a present and non-negligible factor.
ex: Corporate SEC prospectus filings routinely cover risks.
Or might choose to develop and propose other new technical solutions
from time to time. Or play cards, even counter to presumed agenda, for fun.
Any rebirth will be interesting.
Yes many are quite objective solution finders, evaluators, and choosers.
No. Blockchains are multi-variable, all variables and parties affect the others.
Users control miners just as much as miners control users, as
do relays, as do markets, etc. All must cooperate at least somewhat
if any are to survive, and complete loss of any one will kill.
Comparative designs
- that encourage / permit / require / result in, say,
competitive exploitation (optimization?) of the other variables...
- that somehow proffer result in a naturally harmonious /
immune to  seeking / mutually upwardly beneficial /
aligned and happy...
Yes would be interesting.

@_date: 2017-07-02 19:28:21
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] actual journalism, was LRB article, 
Didn't notice a pair, unless this video makes the first of them.
Sounds like there's a market for concierge services that will collect
this cyber funny money and convert it to deliverable fiat under contract.
There's that word again. Last time it came up no one seemed
able or brave enough to risk defining and defending in context
with cryptocurrencies, beyond say, "paying taxes with it".
Yes they're "scams" in that hardly any of the more than hundreds of
effectively cloned coins out there are bringing any substantial new
developments or combinations of capabilities that will cause them
to float to a top ten position long term. Notwithstanding, it's an open
market full of niches and this process is vital to developing the space.
Developing scaling, privacy / anonymity, integration with things
and economies are very large potential areas. These are early days.
Some areas will lead / lag at times, the market matrix is no exception.
There was no way to buy BTC (), and you probably can't readily buy
KPW () yet either. If certain forces get their way, you won't be
able to buy either ever again, maybe not even beloved USD ($)...

@_date: 2017-07-03 02:02:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Release of Smoke - Android Crypto Chat App - on 
Beware, this appears to be produced by the same group that is behind
the goldbug, echo, spot-on, dooble, etc line of highly questionable
This announcement was bcc'd to me while obviously already here,
that's stupid so I'll bash them for that game too. Note also their
renewed attempt at EFF alignment, this time by copying the
visual recognition of the EFF scorecard model. Hi EFF :)
Reviewing their code is highly encouraged, even people creating
a bounty for doing that... after all, outing possibly big scam
organizations like this is just as credworthy as earning the next
CVE for rooting the OpenBSD kernel, etc.
Anonymous development is a legitimate thing,
however this group is just bizarre.
Given their ethical and other issues called out earlier on these
lists (search: goldbug)... be *extremely* careful before elevating
any of their suite to anything more than nonproduction snakeoil.

@_date: 2017-07-04 03:50:41
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Five Eyes Bent On Killing Crypto 
This week, the political heads of the intelligence services of Canada,
New Zealand, Australia, the United Kingdom, and the United States (the
"Five Eyes" alliance) met in Ottawa.  The Australian delegation
entered the meeting saying publicly that they intended to "thwart the
encryption of terrorist messaging." The final communiqu states more
diplomatically that "Ministers and Attorneys General [...] noted that
encryption can severely undermine public safety efforts by impeding
lawful access to the content of communications during investigations
into serious crimes, including terrorism. To address these issues, we
committed to develop our engagement with communications and technology
companies to explore shared solutions."
What might their plan be? Is this yet another attempt to ban
encryption? A combined effort to compel ISPs and Internet companies to
weaken their secure products? At least one leader of a Five Eyes
nation has been talking recently about increasing international
engagement with technology companies  with a list of laws in her back
pocket that are already capable of subverting encryption, and the
entire basis of user trust in the Internet.
Exporting Britain's Surveillance Regime
Before she was elevated to the role of Prime Minister by the fallout
from Brexit, Theresa May was the author of the UK's Investigatory
Powers bill, which spelled out the UK's plans for mass surveillance in
a post-Snowden world..........cont.....

@_date: 2017-07-10 02:36:48
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Trump wants to collaborate with the Russians to 
"Putin & I" <<< rulers
"discussed forming" <<< secretly conspired behind closed doors
"impenetrable"... <<< on brutality, and fiction
"election hacking"... <<< because simple paper audit trails already just work
"Security unit"... <<< involving gestapo
"Many other negative things"... <<< neverending weasel words...
"will be guarded..and safe"... <<< classic injection of fear and saviour
"Many"... including pointless overclassification, and whatever the governments
and cronies are doing in secret against you to levy more control and power.
Be wary who you allow to cyber / sec / crypto what from you, why,
and how. Most cases, especially govt ones, are more appropriately
handled with abject openness if not outright eradication.

@_date: 2017-07-31 02:59:10
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Encrypted flash drives: Secure? 
Where any possible doubt, defense in depth.
Both hardware and software operate at speed these days.
So use them.

@_date: 2017-06-15 19:34:08
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 1984! US Senate Launches Forfeiture and Crypto / 
This is a new bill that was introduced on the floor of the US Senate
entitled, Combating Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing, and
Counterfeiting Act of 2017.
It basically says everything is evil..
 Cash is Evil
 Bitcoin/Crypto is Evil
 Prepaid Phones are Evil
 Gift Cards/Vouchers/Coupons are Evil
These people are certifiably insane. Among the bills sweeping
provisions, the government aims to greatly extend its authority to
seize your assets through Civil Asset Forfeiture.
CALL YOUR CONGRESS AND SENATORS TO TELL THEM TO NOT SIGN THIS, EMAIL
WORKS AS WELL, DONT HAVE TO BE IN THOSE STATES TO SEND A GOOD MESSAGE
A two minutes phone call to the local U.S. senator's office can
prevent the sort of debate that happened in Florida (and compare
that with how it happened in New Hampshire)
World government's getting scared of world's peoples,
crypto, etc...
Except for NH, for now at least...

@_date: 2017-06-15 21:38:32
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 1984! US Senate Launches Forfeiture and Crypto / 
Posted on Jun 15, 2017 by Caleb Chen
These are the 4 Senators that want to create a way to track your
digital currencies at the US border
A new bill, S.1241  Combating Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing,
and Counterfeiting Act of 2017, would make it a money laundering
offense to cross the American border with more than $10,000 in
undeclared cryptocurrency. The stated goal of this legislation is to
bolster Americas border protection strategy to interdict and detect
prepaid access devices, digital currencies, or other similar
instruments, at border crossings and other ports of entry for the
United States. Basically, if passed, the new bill would have the US
border patrol treat digital currencies like Bitcoin, Ethereum, and
Zcash as a seizable asset, opening it up to the great American problem
of civil asset forfeiture.
S. 1421 would have the Department of Homeland Security and the U.S.
Customs and Border Protections agencies to work together and present
Congress with a plan to detect digital currencies at border crossings
and information on the infrastructure needed. Needless to say,
everyone is curious as to what kind of infrastructure would need to be
developed to detect the presence of digital currency at border
crossings. Suffice to say, the presence of such language in the
proposed law reveals the deep lack of understanding that our lawmakers
have when it comes to the internet, privacy, and especially digital
Senators seeking to force Bitcoin declaration at borders are out of
touch with technology
With an *****average age of 73*****, the 4 Senators that cosponsored
this bill are:
Sen. Grassley, Chuck [R-IA]
Sen. Feinstein, Dianne [D-CA]
Sen. Cornyn, John [R-TX]
Sen. Whitehouse, Sheldon [D-RI]
It gets worst. S. 1421 also sets it up so that those caught for tax
fraud can also be punished as money laundering, even if there is no
Specified Unlawful Activity (SUA) tied to it. According to Ballard
Spahr LLP:
If passed in its present form, S. 1241 ironically will take the one
kind of offense which Congress has historically not allowed to form
the predicate for money laundering  i.e., garden variety tax fraud
not involving illegal proceeds  and turn things on their head. That
is, transactions promoting a tax crime, so long as they involve a
cross-border transaction, will be the one and only kind of transaction
that can constitute a money laundering offense when the proceeds
represent otherwise entirely legal funds.
This new law proposed by Senators Grassley, Feinstein, Cornyn, and
Whitehouse should not pass  call your states Senators to make sure
that they vote against this heinous bill.

@_date: 2017-06-16 13:18:30
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 1984! US Senate Launches Forfeiture and Crypto / 
Umm sooo... Governments around the world trying their hardest to shutdown
amazing cool nascent technologies that many of you cryptographers develop,
thus have a personal interest in seeing prosper... such as Decentralized
Digital Currencies... and the only thing you muster to say is...
"What's average"
and walk away from the table when the life of your offspring becomes
Yeah, that's average.
If you put even far less than 1/100 of the time spent researching,
coding, debugging your offspring... into supporting it politically...
it might actually survive past the age of 10. If not, it won't.
That's child abuse.
# "Donations" - Finance, Securities, Investment, Insurance, Real Estate, Lawyers
These people and entities are lost, scared, lack understanding,
and see only one path... reactionary against.
Reach out and give them community, philosophy, alternative directions,
the whole deal.
Or as some have done regarding crypto messaging like Signal,
simply show them how to accept / hide crypto donations to the
point that hobbling Digital Currencies would prevent certain of
their own uses.

@_date: 2017-06-16 14:40:26
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 1984! US Senate Doesn't Launch Forfeiture and 
With your eye on the microscope, yes, but DC's are included too.
With a big picture regarding new philosophies, absolutely not.
Before the NWO controls of the 1930s and beyond, which is
hardly 85 of 245 years of US "money" existance, other than
controlling the physical printing / minting of it, the US didn't
really give a shit what you did with it, nor care much what you
called "money".
The philosophy of "money" was more "freedom" oriented
and decentralized and having some of Bitcoin's (DC's) fundamental, even
"alternative / libertarian / anarchism / independant / multiple" principles.
Find some history and things...
Status quo apologist copout from those unable to
consider working, cohabitant, symbiotic, even better,
innovation, empowerment, and alternatives.
The point, from many creators, proponents, adopters, users,
is that DC's... like the crypto internet so far to free / freedom of
communications... are not about seeking "more like".
So what exactly is *real money*?
Do you really think it is compressing only into what some
bureaucrats arbitrarily call "cash-like things"?
And that arbitrary rule[rs] define the only possible scope of validity?
Your ability to use it?
Get "real" and dig yourselves and minds out of todays
"legal" / political / philosophical strictures.
If not you'll soon be forced to report and tax that plate of
chicken you grilled for your neighbor who helped you
build your patio. "Legally" you probably already are,
and are subject to jailing and forfeiture for it.

@_date: 2017-06-23 05:01:27
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 1984! US Senate Doesn't Launch Forfeiture and 
While this *particular* bill may "only" impinge upon some trivial
to some readers, parts of DC's... the underlying issue present in the
linked posts is that bills are being floated and passed that hamper
upon some aspects of these cryptosystems, of which philosophical
aspects are forefront and capable of / postulated to being different,
by design. And where there is one bill, there will be more, and then
it won't be such a trivial side thing to those interests anymore.
Further, those people hardly understand the ramifications of
even such bills they consider trivial. To do that they'd actually
have to read the bills, and hundreds of pages of associated US Code...
These links should get actual readers started...
 (a)(2)
"Border" games are least of the change.
Who says?
Oh right, Governments banned those in the 1930's too.
Can't have other entities (people) digging them out of the ground (printing)
and transacting (DC's, blockchain, etc) privately amongst themselves with
them, no no no.
Must be, because like their "real money", they lose value
to printflation etc just by holding them. It's intentional.
CD's... certainly not with their time locked future value, that'd be
suicide to banks, so they force holders to liquidate.
True, Govt's codes grow very long, and ops very deep upon them,
few ever really ch[o]ose that, explictly or implicitly.
Like that the planets actually revolve around the sun?
Then their beliefs are in conflict there and they need to sort out that
discrepancy in their thinking.

@_date: 2017-06-29 15:15:59
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's Trump Card 
Satoshi is estimated to have at least 1M BTC to leverage at
will, anon, with zfg. Any disagreeable fork can be tranflooded
back to self and even whaled around for years to come.
With agreeable things endorsed and supported similarly.
Satoshi has been moved to arise from silence before.
Do not tempt the phoenix guarding the message in the genesis block.

@_date: 2017-03-21 17:54:56
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [FORGED] Re: Crypto best practices 
Pushing private tags / systems, such as '[FORGED]' in
subject lines, out onto public lists, gratuitously mangles
and bloats things, and is very poor etiquette. Please stop.

@_date: 2017-03-30 01:50:51
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] DJI calls for drone IFF 
Yes, abolutely, guaranteed. Flight path, start, finish, date, time, duration,
full signals take and storage datastream. All straight into correlation
file with cellphones in the area, self image of your dumbass flying it,
Correct. It is McDonalds who will be displaying pro-mc'd and anti-competitor
ads for your cameras on their rooftop billboards. Go ahead, upload
that shit straight to youtube, they'll love you.
And of course commercial collection mining and sale of whatever their rooftop
antennae can pimp your flyby out for.
Perhaps not "your" drone, but all "logical not" invited.
A free press is not free when only certain invitees get
to see only certain perpared things.
Only so long as other attacks are cheaper / easier / less risky.
False, some group "voted" on some usually unnecessary force over others.
Not exclusively true, there are many other reasons.
Not exactly true, the wreck and vin is in a broken pile right there. And your
much loved govt minders now have cameras on your every intersection
and residential street, and your much loved corporations have
phonehome firmware in your every car.
Serializing them IFF squawk does nothing here.
Nor will those things keep any but the most honest out.
Build your own rigs, write your own flight firmware on RPi,
load em up with your surveillance / damage of choice,
and go have fun.
Just like crypto munitions, all this tech is out of the bag long ago.
Don't suppose you would, nor did you note the list in the paper.
Oh and let's just ignore 40 years of prior fully established art of anonymous
radio control hobby flight, complete with 110 film cameras rigged to
servos in the hull.
Free your mind.
Even if Denmark was free, identifying them wouldn't be compatible.
If you're worried about collection, tracking, privacy, and damage by persons
and or entities, forget about the tool, criminalize the act, including those
same acts by governments and corporations.

@_date: 2017-05-08 15:43:59
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin ETF: Alive again, comment period open! 
Only one week left to comment.
Only 68 former comments (46 positive) out of million of bitcoiners?
You can do better. Redistribute at will.
34-80511 Apr. 24, 2017 Order Granting Petition for Review and
Scheduling Filing of Statements
It is hereby:
 ORDERED that the petition of BZX for review of the Division's
 action to disapprove the proposed rule change by delegated authority
 be GRANTED; and
It is further:
 ORDERED that any party or other person may file a statement in
 support of or in opposition to the action made pursuant to delegated
 authority on or before May 15, 2017.
Two links to submit comments:
Officially active...
Reconstructed from earlier...

@_date: 2017-05-15 02:07:04
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bizarre behavior of a non-smart mobile phone 
For "contact" lists, yes, and there is also question of if one refers to that,
explicitly, or to storing of "missed" "received" "dialed" calls on the phone
or SIM. Same for SMS / MMS messages.
Writers should be much more clear when specifying example cases.

@_date: 2017-05-16 14:33:06
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bizarre behavior of a non-smart mobile phone 
Given the exact make and model numbers of the phone are unknown,
and the same for its presumed origin, chain of custody, hw and sw loads
and rev numbers, etc... anything further would be just more speculation.
Till then, buy an identical phone and new sim from a different source,
and know baseband attack can probably dump new code into it at will.

@_date: 2017-05-26 00:47:29
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Post-quantum RSA" 
At a minimum of industries, if none other, you just said it clearly above...
the surveillance, anti privacy, datamining, hegemony interests
over everything everyone, etc...
$25B+ to decrypt and solve everything... no problem, drop in the bucket,
straight out of your wallet, and not particularly to benefit you,
beyond whatever's already been spent secretly to date
on "breakthroughs", by say US/UK.

@_date: 2017-11-01 19:10:16
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Severe flaw in WPA2 protocol leaves Wi-Fi 
Many mixup rogue CA with MITM.
Private CA rarely mitigates either since
a) full stock of public roots usually still installed and active
b) fingerprints / certs still rarely pinned down
c) possible MITM's exist at many layers
Wrapping / initializing things with PSK's is different situation,
though only if exchanged out of band, and such auth / psk
modes are hard enabled.

@_date: 2017-11-03 13:51:00
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] MITM company acquires MITM tools 
It's amusing that root cert bundles are completely filled with
governments and corporations and all other manner of third
parties which you have no reason to assign any real trust to.
CA's are a scam, foisted upon the web industry by marketing,
upon users by the nag icon and popups, and upon browsers
for inclusion money, and other games... all for one purpose only...
the generation of rents over the TLS services back to the CA's
themselves, under threat of loss of revenue due to said panic nag
reaction if they don't pay up... pure genius. Hook, line, sinker.
Now of course the system is being exploited by the above
parties, rogues, spies, and criminal hackers alike.
TOFU combined with decentralized cert and revocation observatories
injected with the occaisional out of band verification, would have been
We even moreso now have that ability... where perhaps a transaction
on a blockchain is a website's cert fingerprint signed by its CEO, and
confirmations are perhaps each new matching TOFU from userland.

@_date: 2017-11-13 00:40:11
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is ASN.1 still the thing? 
Is this silly assertion, noise bloat, and advertising supposed to
give recipients warm fuzzies, or exploit some laughable corporate
compliance hole they have created in their inbound mail path?
If recipients cared, they'd check for themselves.
If senders cared, they wouldn't stamp it.
Just turn it off.

@_date: 2017-11-26 14:43:29
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anarchapulco 2018 w/Cryptopulco + Freenauts 
Anarchapulco 2018 - Events Activities and Surrounding
Alternative hip hop group Freenauts, an Anonymous-inspired outfit of
freedom-minded rappers, made waves in 2016 with their
politically-charged hits, Clinton Crime Cartel and Justice for Danney
Williams, gaining notoriety after being featured on World Star Hip Hop
and Drudge Report.
"Culture precedes politics. If we want more liberty from the political
system, we first need to see more liberty in the arts," says Freenauts
founder Alex Vidal. Beats, Rhymes & Liberty, their forthcoming debut
album, will be released in early 2018. Follow  and get their
music at

@_date: 2017-11-27 14:34:18
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anarchapulco 2018 w/Cryptopulco + Freenauts 
There is an entire day of the conference (Feb 18th) almost completely
dedicated to the topics of cryptocurrency, cryptoanarchy, and applied
crypto therein. Plus whatever sessions come together off schedule.
As such, the above are squarely on list charter...
'''''"On topic" discussion includes technical aspects of cryptosystems,
social repercussions of cryptosystems, and the politics of cryptography'''''
Here are some related material around the above topics...

@_date: 2017-11-27 18:15:07
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: Rubin Report with Roger Ver, 
Rubin Report: Roger Ver (Bitcoin Investor) joins Dave to
discuss Bitcoin 101. Bitcoin is digital money used for
secure and instant transfer of value anywhere in the world.
It is not controlled or issued by any bank or government,
instead it is an open network which is managed by its users
RT's Sophie: The digital currency Bitoin, once a toy for computer
nerds, is now soaring in price, triggering a new gold rush. Is it just
another bubble, or a glimpse into a radically different financial future?
We ask Rick Falkvinge, CEO of BitCoin Cash and founder of the
Swedish Pirate Party
Two fine conversations covering crypto technological, social,
political, monetary... worth passing on.

@_date: 2017-11-29 01:19:04
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Intel Management Engine pwnd 
The OS has nothing to do with it, other than the proprietary closed source
blob called Windows that is sold with Intel / Windows tools to manage
other remote Intel AMT/ME instances (ie: in the enterprise and
by attackers).
No. It can be a chip level function. Exactly the same as some
magic WOL wake on LAN, LOM lights out management,
remote KVM key vid mouse, etc all are. Such chips functions
just eat the packets from the physical interface before they get
to the OS, before the OS sends RST, etc.
Further, since nobody has any actual proof or independant
certification process as to what exactly is truly inside the chips
and devices they're buying, one should not be so hesitant to assume
that the damn things are faultless or innocent. Especially given history.
Readers of the Intel docs will also note that AMT/ME only did
works with certain series of their ethernet controller hardware,
at least near while ago labeled with, if recalled correct, an 'L'.
Because those are the ones doing the snooping and feeding
into the southbridge for processing by AMT/ME firmware therein.
  Why are so few demanding this basic requirement of trust?
Probably for the same reason they refuse to acknowledge cryptocurrency.
They're stupid. And pwnd.

@_date: 2017-11-29 02:56:55
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Intel Management Engine pwnd 
No. Not if your "external" NIC contains one of the Intel controllers with
support. These days most of Intel's have it. PCI is PCI, slotted or soldered.
Caveat blobs and secret sharing, one might presume, perhaps slightly less
foolishly, that other brands of controllers don't participate AMT/ME.
Cisco, Juniper, Huawei, Chelsio, etc... all closed source TOP SECRET blobs too.
When even your eyeglasses are secrets, you have no idea what truly
is or is not passing right in front of them.
First you have to get them woked to the predicament they've
buried themselves in. Then deal with how to dig out of it and
where to go once freed from the mire.

@_date: 2017-11-30 03:51:09
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: Rubin Report with Roger Ver, 
Yes, the above disclosed act of guessing would be precisely the case of
all those who reply that have not watched the videos, further evidenced
by their lack of quoting some actual content from them for discussion.
So maybe we must guess the two that follow may mean possible
general crypto areas of:
A) Crypto investing? Perhaps must try to further divine what
components were being thought of in the below note...
Therefore investors investing in Google, or in the traditional stock
markets, or in any other business venture, is also not a fabulous idea?
Google exists to make tons of money [1], and stands to make tons
of money out of any successful offering it makes in the cryptocurency
space, therefore that would not be a fabulous idea? [2]
Or is it that even late comers (adopters) to any investment that by many
analysts (even now by Wall Street) is still expected to outperform
other investments over various timeframes, would not be fabulous idea
to still diversify into that?
Or perhaps it is investing in things that use and rely on crypto, such as
companies or crypto products, or even cryptocurrencies themselves,
in particular any crypto that has no proof beyond powers of two odds
estimates as to difficulty of attack, that would not be a fabulous idea?
What about reviewing, talking about, publishing news of, advocating for,
advertising, even believing in, crypto things, would that not be fabulous
[1] And by extension it's founders boards of directors, executives, shareholders
and investors, including both retail and employee stock purchasers,
employee wage earners, suppliers and customers, etc.
[2] To wit, even Paypal and its ancient model made / makes tons of money.
B) Decentral cryptocurrency tech / regulation / etc vs old world
versions of same
Yes really, decentralized cryptos as a class are generally faster than most old
world transfer schemes... even for each sub component of transfer such as:
preparing to and winding down from send/receive, actual pushbutton transmission
event to first visible ledger entry, through settlement / confirmation
transfer / deposit periods, and any human / digital approval periods,
required pre
and post regulatory paper filings, taxes, etc.

@_date: 2017-11-30 19:28:09
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Rubber-hose resistance? 
Problem with many these schemes is they use one extent
of blocks for public data, and another extent for private data.
So user screwed or further extorted in many cases.
Entire extent homomorphic blended with steganographic may help.
Also internet and physical world provide many ways to
not even maintain data within ones near realm at all.
Trezor? Truecrypt? As some final strong solution to problem? Lol.
And Truecrypt is dead and with holes since years.

@_date: 2017-10-17 14:58:21
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [FORGED] Re: Severe flaw in WPA2 protocol leaves 
Google only upgrades its own phones.
Other makers only upgrade their own.
The problem is the phone and closed hardware
manufacturers, not particularly Google Android,
other than not forcing them, and themselves, to
open up more.
Mail, call, and write them, tell them you want or you're not buying their latest crap.
Yes, regardless of manufacturer, provided you have an unlocked or
rootable bootloader, you can backup and update Android to the latest
available official Google Android version, and in the process wipe
out all the bloatware other makers included. Advised to check
binary blobs / closed hardware beforehand especially if upgrading
major versions. Lineage is the simple way to do similar.

@_date: 2017-10-28 12:01:54
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Severe flaw in WPA2 protocol leaves Wi-Fi 
As opposed to delight, others may rightfully find it
amazingly, 'eer'ily, chilling, to be buying and using
effectively closed source software, on closed hardware,
that carries vital and private network traffic within their
home, is connected to the wide open internet, accepts
new code blobs under unpublished and unreviewed
management, authentication and security models,
from unknown remote locations by unknown entities,
who may be subject to outside attack, control, coercion,
bribery, operation, infiltration, or legal usurption,
who may in fact get off on monitoring everything in your
home, to wit cameras and microphones in today's always
on, funneling environment to internet, corporate mined,
'smart' devices.
Beware bliss of breezy day, lest it blow chill into
your boudoir at night.

@_date: 2017-10-29 01:46:17
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Severe flaw in WPA2 protocol leaves Wi-Fi 
Since most people don't bother to pin down the far end VPN certs,
let alone confirm them out of band, and most networking does
not use DNSSEC, nor IP or MAC level authentication... yes,
they could MITM that do. And forgetting till now that it was limited
'private network traffic within their home', you know those
big homes that think nothing of dropping $400 on some closed
wifi gear so they can sext each other between far rooms / ends
that are autonegotiated by malfeasant wifi down to cleartext,
or simply terminate host as crypted and transport cleartext within,
all without getting up off their lazy duffs.
All of that, in said  architectures is already handled
by sufficiently distributed, fully observed, documented,
reproducible, N-manned, any-partied, etc... so that you don't
have TODO anything other than satisfy yourself, or via
respected and multiple disparate reliance, that the process
is strong... and cough up the same $$$ or less for that instead.
Blind trust in corporate self assertions is fools errand.
Smoking doesn't cause cancer.
Drugs are safe.
Closed crypto is trusted.
Snakeoil still sells well, apparently.
Try asking them if you can remove the pretty wrapping paper,
or to send you the complete sources.

@_date: 2017-10-29 01:55:08
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Severe flaw in WPA2 protocol leaves Wi-Fi 
Right, they might not have any decent first cold boot RNG
onboard, or unarchived factory per unit unique initialization
of random seed material, etc, either. See, they document that
right there on their site... oh, wait, no docs of any kind, at all.
Don't answer that, not interested in yet another 100 message
RNG rehash thread.

@_date: 2017-09-04 15:49:01
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Code Breakers by Craig Collie 
The Secret Code-Breakers of Central Bureau: how Australias
signals-intelligence network helped win the Pacific War - David Dufty
Code Warriors_ NSA's Code Breakers and the Secret Intelligence War
Against the Soviet Union by Stephen Budiansky
Crypto Anarchy, Cyberstates, and Pirate Utopias - Peter Ludlow

@_date: 2017-09-16 14:19:54
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] letsencrypt.org 
Extremely unlikely. Things most think require uid=0, in fact do not.
Discover existing kernel / user facilities / tools, and design around it.
Also worth considering is investigating design and pre / post rooting
of your supposedly trusted stack... SW, SATA, USB, CPU, NIC...

@_date: 2017-09-22 14:56:26
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] After Equifax pwning, 
What once thought could be "solved" cant, so remove failed systems.
Get rid of credit bureaus, carry and broker your own credit sigs system.
Get rid of SSA, it's bankrupt anyway, invest yourself ftw, do the math.
Get rid of driver license, they prevent nothing just ask the "illegals".
Skip banks, go cryptocurrency.
Quit trying to put your beastmark on and control tax datamine slave and
sellout everyone on the planet... it's now biting you back in ass full circle.
Switch off lethal force tax ID so to contribute freely to what moves you,
roads will still get built, water will still flow, $10T wars torture
wont happen.
Assign private uniques scoped only to your own p2p transaction contexts.
Develop decentral, local methods. Ask yourself is something truly needed.
Compartmentalize, discrete record fields and permissions matrices, broker self.
Ban sharing without permission of and compensation to the shared, get your cut,
limit all of that to two hops, actually penalize violators and shoddy entities.
Educate to refuse collection requests. Quit accepting swiss cheese privacy
policies. End feature creep and slopes. Mandate data expiry to short times.
So much more free human possibilities are out there to develop and model.
"How do we replace SSN?"... most replies all lol... same old legacy thinking.
Till that changes it's nothing solved, hungry mosquitos and putting your own
bare ass out in chains for them.

@_date: 2017-09-24 14:39:58
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] After Equifax pwning, 
Those investing in cryptocurrency might actually find that a rather
interesting and easily affordable option as their assets continue to
increase in value.
Buying, building, maintaining their own crypto islands, private nations,
directed by DAO's, crypto-anarchy relocation to influence, etc...
all sorts of new models, all possible thanks to crypto. There are a
number of books and active projects in these "island" fields one
could read and participate in..
Indeed, because...
...too many pre-crypto-awakening government / corporate / banker types
here continuing to make life and solutions forcibly dull and tilted in
their favor.
There are now lots of hungry crypto mosquitos out there that consider them,
and that type of thing, prime blood for the biting. Too bad this time they
can't just go out and spray the local backwater with DDT to get rid of them...
they're everywhere now, hidden in crypto... some of the very same crypto
rolled out and globally entrenched by the phase1 pre-2k-era cypherpunks.
Here's another cypherpunk manifesto that all began right here
on this list (ahem, complainant)...
Welcome to phase2 ;)

@_date: 2017-09-26 22:05:57
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto basic income 
This paper outlines a revolutionary, open source, decentralized
application platform (DAPP) along with its first major application, a
distributed direct democracy (DDD). To create something scalable
enough to run an entire nation with no representatives, we created two
cutting edge technologies to serve as the foundation of the platform:
1] A decentralized, privacy guaranteeing Human Unique Identifier
(HUID) unique to every person on the planet that returns control of
personally identifying information (PII) back to individuals, allowing
for revocable role based access control to that data.
2] A new Distributed Proof of Work (DPoW) backed blockchain that is
immune to centralization because of a unified client/miner with only
one miner allowed per person, linked anonymously to a HUID. Miners are
randomly drafted into built-in pools, meaning everyone contributes yet
nobody dominates. The system provides a workable UNIVERSAL BASIC
INCOME (UBI), i.e., it pays users to participate, since everyone is
drafted to secure the network. It is incredibly energy efficient
because it does not mine all the time and it is also storage efficient
because it uses a Distributed Hash Table (DHT) of historical
blockchain transactions, allowing it to fit and run on a cell phone.

@_date: 2017-09-27 00:51:40
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto basic income 
Cryptocurrency UBI effect already happens to holders during
adoption phase, "it keeps going up" vs others on forex, but
thereafter upon steady state it appears
- they have to invest it to earn as with any fiat into stock / bond / biz
- mechanical coin deflation could also effect an apparent UBI of
purchase power up relative to other forex coins
And since "growth" is a bit critically closed loop concerning Earth,
one needs to think about time horizon in which present day
UBI thinking would remain valid vs asymptotic average circular
biometric public key infrastructure, where public and private keys are
directly pegged to a persons biometric details?
DNA has enough bits to create a unique / dependant key,
DNA authentication is still slow, reprogramming is possible
but as yet undeveloped nonproduction tech.
Passwords are supposed to be held in secret mind, and rubberhose
is supposed to be forbidden crime. Biometrics are dusted along
your path to the point of easy failure.
solve this, since it's not possible to, for example, create a new
fingerprint for a person?
See in mind above. If you want more bits there, then you have
to legally expand to allow extension of mind into devices, whether
carried droids, injected hw sec modules, or neural implant arduinos.
Keeping in mind such entities are extremely likely to be
keeping civilian background biometrics forever too.
Beware what you create.

@_date: 2018-04-07 18:25:16
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] India Crypto Currency Ban 
Fake News!
No such jurisdiction beyond themselves.
Indians are still free to buy / sell / hold / use cryptocurrency amongst
themselves and business however they want, including via exchanges.
And even if they weren't, hardly anything short of pulling the plug on
the internet will stop cryptocurrency.
Fake Risks!
RBI stock price drops on news as competitors move in.
More govt shenanigans

@_date: 2018-08-05 00:52:00
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Krugman blockchain currency skepticism 
Spending infracoin, onboarding outside the box into
infosec, accomplishing general education...
(of course you were "secure" before those "bad dudes"
came along and scuttled those glossy inflated reports...)
sounds like a fine positive benefit and byproduct,
after all, can't claim those things weren't needed beforehand.
Now that vector is closed against more sinister ventures.
And hey, it's glossy all over again, kudos bitcoin ;-)
What of when ransom and prediction markets enable and force
disclosure of some other society things, say cancer cause / cure
coverups, corp/gov corruption, mkultra, govt murder, war.
Kudos again.
Cryptocurrency is cash is agnostic tool, use it at will.
The hidden costs and cost layers involved with those two
are monumentally higher. That inefficiency and taxing
needs to be driven out of the market for good.
No. If either were disadopted to zero, it'd be slowly rendered down,
one back to dust, one back to bits... neither being cared about.
Was done for hundreds of years until the govt's and banks
floated everything and banned them for their and friends gain
Decentralized cryptocurrencies are not pegged or peggable,
they are the pegs. This is intentional.
21M to represent the planet's entire voluntarily assignable networth
and economy, pretty kinky huh.
Take 1 BTC... all the fiats are highly volatile and have been dropping
long term in comparison over any 1y or longer period since genesis...
"only morons would ever invest, save, or use and transact with"... fiat.
Or any fiat, product, shiny metal, rock, dirt, water, air... except that
for which people choose to use it for. As long as it's holdable,
transferable, nonprintable... any of the common properties... it
will be found an eligible choice.
People have an innate desire to not accept less value, therefore their
entry and last prices are self supporting, and with no real print inflation,
demand pressure from growing adoption float creates natural uptrend,
and markets once established hardly shrink, so it's steps to the moon
until adoption naturally levels off for good decades from now.
Blah blah blah... turtles all the way down.
All these things are well explained...
And simple Fermi Problem says there's at least another 100x out there
that cryptocurrency will absorb before steady state is reached...
What's in your wallet?

@_date: 2018-08-05 22:26:44
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] threat models, 
No different than say BCH is today.
Nor do decentralized cryptocurrencies lie and hide the real costs,
it's right there in the tx. Nothing is ever free.
They're not, commercially arbitrary middlemen are a bitch.
Completely invalid comparisons.
Paypal has been around a decade longer than cryptocurrency.
Ebay rammed its spamvertising integration of Paypal down its
user's eyballs and inboxes, hounding them relentlessly to
sign up for it, and skewing their policies and features in favor
of it over both P2P OOB and their own fiat proxy system.
Cryptocurrency users are all right, because they voluntarily chose
to search and pull down the info, learn about it, and adopt it freely,
all against massive torrents of FUD coming from vested anti's
and blue pilled sheeple.
Cryptocurrency value moved every month is 30x paypal's and growing.
Ten more years and those 200 million users will be on cryptocurrency.
One of the most basic... loss of freedom.
Lots of videos and conferences out there on that, here's just one...
Cryptocurrency... you either have the keys and value or you don't.
What's in your wallet?

@_date: 2018-12-06 23:35:53
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [tor-talk] comparison of Tor and Kovri in 
Same could be asked of Zcash strong cryptographic ZKP style
currencies users often using Tor. As well as a handful of other
cryptocurrencies explicitly advertised and designed to use
with Tor.
Some are here, some are in sites of other messaging systems...
All overlay networks currently in production are
massively vulnerable to at least two classes of attack
by sufficiently interested and capable adversaries...
1) Sybil
a) This requires people to actually use PKI to make and use
assertions and identities and to punt the results they get from
their deep social anal probing of each other in real life as
operator peers worldwide... into the consensus, DHT, or whatever
mechanism each network uses for node approval and selection.
b) Also requires complete ongoing analysis of all known physical
and logical metadata and behaviour of the nodes themselves.
2) Global Passive Monitoring
The US NSA, Global and Regional Telecom Corporations,
and other Entities Worldwide, acting both separately and
together, have a complete passive and active view of the
internet from at minimum the Global Tier-1 ISP Level,
including significant analysis and recording capabilities
Yet everyone still stupidly fails to execute at least a few of
the seemingly available and reasonable countermeasures...
a) Encrypt Everything.
Automatic, on by default, strong crypto suites, forward
secrecy, tofu, psk, rekeying, whatever works best, etc... both...
1) By and between end to end users, same for server to server...
2) On all physical network links worldwide, every port
automagic and independant... fiber, copper, radio, etc...
embedded in the network hardware itself via RFC, IEEE, etc
b) Deploy fulltime network fill traffic aka chaff, to fill the committed
capacity that each node provisioned itself into the [overlay]
network with, dynamically yielding room for and upon native traffic.
This applies both to, logical nets 2a1, and physical nets 2a2, above.
c) Politics, Anarchism, Cryptocurrency Crowdfunding, and
whatever else works to uproot and route around persistant
known bad actors.
3) Etc
Nobody seems to want to do much on the above, to actually
shape those into effective global project efforts, to deploy any
sufficient mitigation finally therein, therefore the vulnerabilities
shall remain.
 ,  ,  ,  ,  , ,  ,  ,  , ... the list gets longer.
Anyone can launch rockets these days.
So there is no reason any of the above and more can't be done.
Go build and launch some rockets.

@_date: 2018-12-07 04:09:31
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What if Responsible Encryption Back-Doors Were 
Please tell us when you develop or find such a distributed backdoored
cryptosystem that you feel is strong enough to protect *your own secrets*
from access by others...
all the salacious messages pics and videos of that BDSM affair you had,
all the edits you've made to your resume, the source and fact
of your last weed order because the PTSD from your stint as a
secret CIA torturer has you about to lose it, all the crap you nicked,
your bank accounts, your speech and politik, that weird thing you
do with the stuffed groundhog, your kids, your health, etc. Or the fact
that you're a complete nothing with nothing to say if that's the case.
You'd have a better chance of eliminating Government Surveillance
through Anarchism than you would finding such a cryptosystem.
Stalemate status quo is an acceptable solution,
no change to implement backdoors needed...
People have been using codes since thousands of years,
as relatively strong and without backdoors in their day back
then, as they are now today, and society has done just fine
all along.
If you want distributed for yourself, use secret sharing system.
Trying to develop and force that upon others will just come back
upon you and you know it.
Strong crypto is a tool, not the problem.
Melting down the tool isn't going to help.
It just reverts you to former centuries.
Backdoors are stupid.
Get over it.
Never in the history of all Governments past has that ever worked,
therefore any apparent working today is extremely likely to fail.
Kings will Govern and Force their backdoors in your backdoor
until you depose them. Next time that happens, do the one thing
that hasn't been tried in history... don't prop them up in the first place.
The change in thinking needed to do that will likely eliminate
most of the extant problems you seek to "fix" with backdoors.
Lol, bcc'd.

@_date: 2018-02-28 01:27:32
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Review of UBIC 
It will fail since its "UBI" distribution must end as long
term the cryptocurrency reaches forex equilibrium and
thus fails to deliver "ROI", unlike businesses that can.
Those without passports won't "invest" aka buy it, nor
benefit from it, thus it'll remain massively underexposed
to free markets. The leading open cryptos will provide much
more "return" to more people before equilibrium. So UBIC
coins, be they pure and simple cryptocurrencies, are moot.
Nor does the UBIC above have any whitepaper or roadmap
in the repo saying anything about what its prospectus is.
Though as with any other coin, its tech might be
useful to integrate somewhere else. Such as
potential form of wallet 2FA, identity assertion
into blockchain, etc.

@_date: 2018-02-28 01:53:57
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Review of UBIC 
And are any of these you...
Don't forget that all UBI schemes will ultimately
fail, particularly because, other than Solar input,
the Earth is closed system zero sum, with limited
resources, populated by stupid humans. Odds are
not currently in favor of that changing anytime soon.
As to cryptocurrencies, likely not before equilibrium
as we know them, nor before their promised geopolitical
Disclaimer: Long MUSK coin.

@_date: 2018-02-28 02:07:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoins and lobbyists 
Perhaps it is closed governments that are "interested"
in democracies, lobbying, and the press.
And that control rests with crypto users as a route
around such layers.

@_date: 2018-02-28 15:39:54
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Review of UBIC 
"Other than" is not exclusion.
Makes no difference what way anyone sees or sells it.
It's just another exotic coin distribution scheme that does
not create anything, records no share ownership of external
ROI producing entities, and can't pull in forex forever.
Further, there's no holdback for faux "investment", or leveling,
so early UBI'ers are made rich, while late's likely remain poor,
and each new pki'd user acts as a forceful tax upon
the "UBI" stream of existing participants.
Though presumably country payouts are population ratios.
Further, the "UBI" mining airdrop it claims to distribute is actually
nothing more than money printing dilution, continuous zero
shifting rebasement, or deflation if burnt... not truly income.
Which again, were it real exernally sourced income, has
growth limitations / unbalances / wars in a closed cycle.
The E-passport pubkey sig verification / voting is interesting,
but can as easily be integrated and treated as a class
in any already existing mainstream coin tech.
Forcing "the masses" to fall to their knees before
force of governments to beg for passports to get
fake handouts... this will have problems, and be met with
resistance from various places, analysts, and movements.
Likely best to let agnostic coins work in open markets.

@_date: 2018-01-05 01:10:30
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Speculation re Intel HW cockup; 
Such things have no use of course, other than to
protect and onmessage the big closed corporations and
communities that are the source of the problems from
their own embarassment and downfall. They get all
the juicy 0day upgrades and news massaging while
the littles and the embeddeds are left to flounder
in the preventable errors of the big.
Secrecy in HW and SW systems has proven no
overarching benefit to you, all the while bringing exploit
after exploit after exploit.
Stop buying secret shit.
Including in your GOV systems.

@_date: 2018-01-05 01:27:10
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Speculation re Intel HW cockup; 
Choice of architecture isn't the problem,
there are many arch, make tens more,
let them compete open market, no problem.
However, ever since time the real big "clean sheet" has not
necessarily been something new HW, that is done every day,
but is moreso a new model, the never done before, a proper...
 ,  ,  , ... yet regardless of their deep understanding of how
fundamentally impactful and beneficial this will be to
the world (including the sub-world of computing itself),
everyone still stupidly refuses to even discuss how to
make that revolutionary clean move, let alone actually starting
one up for the relatively small amounts of $ needed to do it.
So, needlessly, till then, you will continue to get fucked.
Oh well, seems you thoroughly enjoy it, exploited time and again.
Perhaps that is the problem, you love it so, and know no better.
Laughably, you have entire segments and career paths of your
industry dedicated to secreting covering up propheting and comment
blocking your errors. Try learning and doing something actually
new and clean sheet for once.
They're orthagonal, and lusers are of no concern,
otherwise they'd let them look at their complete but they don't. Not even profit is their love, because that
is  available too, to the better of them. No, it's
control (over you) that is their love. Thus, you lose, every time.

@_date: 2018-01-05 14:15:33
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
So it's the perfectly strong and open wallet tech that's the problem,
not the stubbornly refusing to actually do anything to open up and
fix the closed computer and software business and to educate the
users brain along with it. Right.
Cryptocurrency has far greater adversaries and open technology
challenges to solve than any sort of direct user issues.
They're called storage / banking / service / insurance / payment corporations.
Users are free to proxy their wallet safety / reversibility needs
through one or not. Others are free to blockchain and whatever new tech
advances come around that thus helping avoid third party cost / risk.
Tech is one thing. Personally educating users is also your responsibility
as creators of said tech. Eschew that and your tech vanishes regardless
of how comfy it is.
At least you chose name "wallet" which users have natural desire treat
imagine if it was called "keep your digital encrypted dataset repository safe".
Security of both are reasonably well known. Acting accordingly
and fixing weaknesses within each is different story.
Major one often is FUD, resistance to change, head in sand, anti progress.
FUD. Learn to use, integrate and teach them. Banks / Rulers are no easier,
and redistribute significant fractions through massive financial games,
far more from users over time than any new crypto hw / storage / multisig,
or even legal escrow storage service costs, or the occasional small
amount compromise of a given daily use personal device.
Typical... given a new strong groundbreaking world changing technology,
and try to dumb it down, make it revert, comply and conform to the old
stone age ways and the whims of rulers, instead of making the mental
leap and other fixes needed to grow past the old.

@_date: 2018-01-15 23:13:49
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Speculation considered harmful? 
Seem to have missed these bits. Anyone have a link handy?

@_date: 2018-01-23 01:04:16
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cicada 3301: Into The Unknown 
"Cicada 3301 is a name given to an organization that on six occasions
has posted a set of puzzles and alternate reality games to possibly
recruit codebreakers/linguists from the public."
The above quote supplied in protest.

@_date: 2018-01-24 23:19:52
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Perth Mint to back crypto-currency with gold 
Typical investors happy with their old school
will simply buy into allocated storage options or
other reasonably efficient and accessible
pricing and pooling mechanisms such as...
Unlike most cryptos with mathmatically known
thus predictable emission curves, anything
mined and stockpiled from the Earth has additional
factors that apply, on top of all the digital ones.
While they may have cobbled together a way of making
medieval carriage of virtual metals in digital sacks
handy again, they're imparting a whole new layer
of trust, regulatory, verification, redemption, etc
questions upon the metals.
Then comes relative simplicity...
Which really begs the question of "why they bother", now
that pure cryptocurencies are out and have equally
suitable / comparable pricing, utilization and access models.
The answer is likely that the fake "precious" metals and sparkly
rocks industries are as scared of losing power and control,
and becoming extinct as the banks and governments are.
Thus they're proffering up such meetoo coins in an
effort to stay relavant up against the global awakening.
Which will further fail because it's just not what the kids
in school are believing in and using anymore...
Wait till the 10 year anniversary of cryptocurrency...
massive worldwide inputs and adoption will happen after that.
Everyone loves to quote market cap, which takes no
notice of historical inputs.
Another way to calculate "intrinsic value" of say, BTC, is to...
(sum (each block quantity created times the market price
at creation time)) divided by the quantity of coins extant.
[Further adjusted for xflation of the fiat reference over
the period to the present day.]
Even assuming fiat was flat, no one appears to have
published this simple integration... you should try it
and see what number you get :)

@_date: 2018-07-31 17:33:03
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Krugman blockchain currency skepticism 
Hopefully not.
"Why would you want to do [cryptocurrency]? What problem does it
solve? I have yet to see a clear answer to that question.
So thats why Im a crypto skeptic. Could I be wrong? Of course. But
if you want to argue that Im wrong, please answer the question, what
problem does cryptocurrency solve? Dont just try to shout down the
skeptics with a mixture of technobabble and libertarian derp."
Krugman article wouldn't stand a chance at any OG "libertarian"
cryptocurrency conference. Because that's the very  'derp'
behind cryptocurrency... the element needed to understand it.
Freedom isn't derp.
Anyone could tear that article apart,
but you would censor it,
so what's your point of even approving it here for comment?
Propaganda Anti? Downplaying decentralized cryptocurrency
to any cryptos here who might otherwise want to work on it?
Good point, nine years is closer to the ten year mark where
cryptocurrrency's unstoppability and fundamental qualities
begin to accelerate.global capitulation towards it.
What's in your wallet?
[bcc cypherpunks]

@_date: 2018-06-23 02:29:32
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Security model of blockchains ? 
Legit users might statistical detect which miners are not mining
their lower fee tx and conspire to filter out their tx and node traffic
thus forking away from them.
Such attackers will have massive non recyclable energy cost,
typically required to appear on their public sheets.
Attackers will therein also resort to FUD plays easily proven false.
And their ASICs broken by nonce changes in algos.
Legit p2p webs of in person validated global trust nets will also develop
creating new handshake agreements in mining / nodes defense, sybils
will not be able to pass inspection up to and including SSBI style,
large operations will be suspected and derated in metrics accordingly.
Attackers are ultimately frail and cannot continue to forever inflate
and sink their fiat into such attacks, citizens will revolt against that.
Users will simply migrate and exchange away to more advanced
and resistant usable cryptocurrency nets if attackers tx fees and
etc begin making make the old unusable. ie: What has happened
with downfall of BTC...
Cryptocurrency, once established globally in trio of... philosophical mind,
enough mechanical knowledge to use confidently, and then used routinely
as desired... is wonderfully adaptive to attacks. Each of those three are
inevitable and unstoppable, and they continue to increase, leading to
eventual victory of cryptocurrency.
The "established" will make more by accepting and servicing it
than they will by burning resources trying to fight it.
bcc cypherpunks because metz list is proven censored, resident
anti cryptocurrency established friends / devs / etc of state, etc.
Cryptocurrency.... what if....

@_date: 2018-03-14 18:05:26
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] You guys do realize the first crypto war was 
Here's the latest expose of secret features...
Many people, even here, seem to "wantonly" deny the solutions described
within, even as one of many solutions. So instead of starting up those entirely
new open models, they continue game supporting / buying closed with Zerodium
like startup... aka: govts / etc. No reduction of root problem there.
research: govt electricity bills

@_date: 2018-05-06 14:50:27
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A quicker block chain? ... Thunderella 
Yes, obviously. There will quite possibly always be
applications independant from the currency chains,
but curiously, perhaps they need not be.
Blockchains absolutely must develop various forms of obfuscation / hiding /
anonymity, even more properly... fully cryptographically private transactions,
and fully decentralized survivable resistant transports, including end
to end encryption, overlay networks, out of band possibilities... all enabled
deployed and used where and as deemed needed by the users, not anyone
else... if they are to fulfill many of the philosophical promises that they were
born from in the first place.
Further, "supply chain", "banking"... generally "business", are all
private by default. Don't believe it, go walk up and ask any player
in those sectors to just give you their business records.
They'll immediately laugh you straight out their door. They'll have
public what they want public, private what they want private, and
blockchain tools that fill their needs from one end of that to the other.
Turn privacy on or off, use pointless corporate / government owned
shitcoins or not, that's up to the user, but *do not* try to claim
cryptographic privacy coins / blockchain privacy features are
universally invalid.
Sure, unless fuzzy logic, random outcomes, bitrot, and
attacks have benefit therein. Funny that some crypto
mining papers suggest possibility of more business profit
from acceptable errors.
Since the list needs injection of other points of view, such as
the need for privacy, debunking crypto antis / FUDsters,
etc and more "crypto" and cryptocurrency talk as called for
in its charter above, yet such has been documented as
being censored from the list... go join cypherpunks list where
you can speak freely about *crypto* and cryptocurrencies
and even cryptosporidium if you want ;)

@_date: 2018-10-05 02:04:55
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] China Spies In SuperMicro Mobos - Exemplar #OpenFabs 
And NSA + countries et al in Intel, AMD, Microsoft, Phones...
Fake news or not, you still cannot trust any closed thing.
And the real news keeps coming year after year after year.
And the closed secrets, so many not ever published to you...
You fools!
So when will you learn, create, sell, and deploy your
own proactive defense like...
 ,  ,  ,  , These things are possible! And immensely profitable as a feature.
Do them.
[bcc due to metzdowd's unfree censors]

@_date: 2019-04-01 22:45:59
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Loki.network, Crypto Network HW Links, 
Today if play the cut links game, eventually a toggled link
will expose the traffic you seek, because there's no
fill between nodes that automatically takes its place.
Your global monitor sees a respective signal slump
among the nodes making up the subject path, each
node distinguishable by time deltas. Such signal the
adversary was probably clocking into it themselves
for easier recognition anyway... fetch 1MB, fetch 1MB,
fetch 1MB, fetch 1MB... oh noes.
Tor's hidden services are total sitting ducks
because of this. Same for likely all current
overlay networks in production regardless of
whatever service they provide... from traffic,
messaging, storage, cryptocurrency, and so on.
There are surely better links from the bib space,
yet here are some concepts on generated buckets,
retiming, how they can contain full time "empty" fill
that yields to wheat demand on the line, traffic
contracts, etc therein...
If all the nodes are independantly maintaining
independant traffic contracts between their
physical and/or logical peers, cut links won't
do hardly as much impact if anything at all...
A \
B + -----> M -----> { U V W X Y Z }
C +
D /
If nodes ABCD on the left are trafficing through
M cloud fanning out to the right mesh towards UVWXYZ,
then adversary cutout of D is not visible beyond M
if M makes up for D's packet slack on its left contract
by continuing to emit the same amount as fill to fulfill
its right contract.
M could variously blackball A for non contractual
suspect misbehaviour... weird rates, timing anomalies,
uptimes, etc.
M could signal BC that they can now renegotiate
upwards with M since M now has more rate free on
its left.
If M is cut out, the left renegotiates with some
L or N nodes via new northern or southern arc routes.
The "shape" or "bitrate" of the contracts could be
negotiated as need be, "flat" might not be necessary,
so long as the contract is upheld and policed by
all participants to it.
Contracts could be one to one, one to many, many to many,
physical next IP hop to hop, logical overlay address to
address, multiplex, simplex, tunneled, shared, etc.
And pertain to bitrates, timing, uptime, any sort
of constraints, metadata, etc.
This also makes Sybil's life more difficult...
it must now own the full path or it will lose
sight due to contracts with non Sybil nodes
in the path who are also meshed and contracted
out to other non Sybils around ot. Sybil must
also uphold all its own contracts or get
dropped by other nodes.
Copper, Fiber, Radio, etc.. so long as it's quality line
rate hardware that can keep up with its advertised rate,
their time to transfer data is dependant only on distance,
not on how full the line is. Such network hardware is
agnostic... fill, wheat... it all gets there in the same time.
When people say "X latency network overlay", they're
really referring to the cost of software processing
their overlay design on their crappy stack of PC / Phone
CPU hardware. And in their transport protocols running
on the same... TCP, UDP, etc... all the way down
the stack until it hits the real network hardware,
which will either happily accept and ship the packet,
or drop it.
When people cry about "bandwidth", all they need to do
in a fill model is allocate whatever bitrate to it they like
and forget it. They're not going to get more bitrate from
their ISP than they paid for, and they'll probably contract
to the overlay under that so they can do other things with
their line. And they're not going to get more wheat bytes
across the overlay than a 100% wheat ratio (fill yields
to wheat demand) within their contract to the overlay,
even if they do disconnect from their byte transfer
based ISP / Phone afterwards.
Research would need done into routing models
needed to transit traffic across the overlay.
ie: TCP can readily jam more yet slower circuits
through a full pipe, UDP mix gets dropped routed or
reserved for. Raw IP becomes interesting.
As a network HW project for defense in depth...
If hardware makers would add line rate encryption and
fill silicon to every physical port on every switch, router,
and NIC... mandatory on by default per physical link...
that would kill off a lot of vampires.
An open IETF RFC spec for that would cost under $1
per port to integrate into existing silicon port fab
worldwide, plus electricity to drive the port which
would be estimated as part of the RFC process.
Modular agility would not cost much more at scale.
Assuming line rate hardware, there's no latency
impact here either.
If any network application involves free speech,
politics, money aka cryptocurrency, business,
journalism, industry, messaging, personal affairs,
data storage and transfer, basically anything at all...
you can be absolutely certain that many State and Other Actors
have a serious continuum of interest in it.
Is it the responsibility of each application to
develop their own solutions to the threat?
No... probably not when many such apps ride on,
aggregate muddily over, and depend on networks.
All apps can contribute to the development
of a diversity sound number of strongly resistant
networks that they can then utilize and endorse
as they would their own.
Be they overlays on top of the internet,
enhancements to the internet,
or new guerrilla physical plant...
That process of people contributing to
original and ongoing development of new
strong networks that are not susceptible to such
Basic Bitch Adversaries as Global Vampires,
is something more should consider.
Same for likely figuring out how to get
the deployment Social aspects right so
you can circle the network wagons against Sybil.
Pity the fool who changes even one satoshi
based on the worthless drivel herein :)

@_date: 2019-04-02 18:19:29
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto Network HW Links, Anti Vampire and Sybil Nets, 
Doesn't have to be anyone doing anything wrong.
Anyone following geopolitics knows that surveillors
can reap just aggregate spying and turn that into
realtime influence messaging to their own purpose.
"Looks like a lot of overlay users are visiting
a node known for artwork. Let's craft on that."
"Cryptocurrency rising... Let's craft that."
"Here's todays daily statistical and Markov report... Craft it."
Is this not entirely possible for all users of
technology around the globe today?
Snowden and everyone else before and since told you
that you're all being tapped, datamined, controlled, and used.
But most still don't believe it, or do anything to
directly end it, all you do is drop some tools,
while leaving all the taps, entities, activities, policies,
still in place. Oops.
Recall that you have all still started up exactly ZERO
projects that are combining all these elements...
 ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , etc
So you still clearly have zero knowledge of what's
actually in your CPU's, your NIC's, your storage,
your networks, or any reason to explicitly trust them.
You're all April's Fools still stupidly placing faith in secrets [1]
even after endless stream of their lies exposed by exploits,
be they cataloged by CVE or even network TV news.
[1] Be they commercial, [geo]political, etc.
Yes. Hopefully more will see the need to make
cool and different things that can all be
competed, evaluated, merged together,
and even happily and graciously abandoned
and joined up for the next where needed, in
order to help get everyone there. This applies
outside the Tubes as well.
There's certainly no lack of pure f2f, or p2p dht,
or central, or hybrid tools out there in history.
Models, threats, and use cases all being tested
and mashed together is good, and fun to do :)
Sybil is extremely hard to protect against and root out,
since all Sybil needs is Money, and an Excuse to be there.
As noted in tor lists since years, the solution to Sybil
might not be as complete with only "in network" methods.
It will more likely require at least some in real life Web of Trust,
Humans asserting over the nodes they run, the software
analysing that web, making node selections based on
that metadata.
"I know her, she works at the store, he's at my
meetup group, they're a local company, etc...",
and so on, a mesh of persons to persons, running
nodes and fiber, all around the planet.
You're probably going to need to force Sybil to
become a verifiable IRL Human Being...
because right now all she needs is money,
and her bags are full of it.
In a 1 million node network, if half of the nodes are
from WoT verified humans, each human runs 10 nodes,
and only 50% the users prefer to make exclusive
use of the WoT... that's 25k unique logical nodes now
showing themselves as being more than just a
completely anonymous potentially adversarial
[point] source of money renting out boxes around
the globe.
Can 2.5% of the nodes making up any of todays
transport, cryptocurrency, or application network
overlays be said to be sufficiently trusted?
Do any even need to be?
In addition to signing human WoT data in the network
layers, you could also start pushing analysis of node
metadata into subscribable routing metrics... where
are the nodes located, OS, uptime patterns, spec
conformance, degrees of WoT such as non IRL nyms,
and how strong each asserters verification and assertion
policy framework is, etc.
All of this and more could raise Sybil's cost and
exposure risk qute significantly, perhaps to futility.
Everytime the Sybil WoT subject hits the lists
it's met with abject silence [or "Johnny can't..."]
Is this due to fear of associating with a node
(or trying to protect the node by not associating)
such that if the node is taken down the operator
can walk away or redeploy anon elsewhere?
Is that not what Zero Knowledge is for, to allow everyone
immunity to say "It's just bits, we have no knowledge or control"?
Are advancements toward solving Vampire and Sybil
really thought that horrifically "unusable" and "costly"?
Or that some won't find them perfectly acceptable?
Are the elevated levels of technical, philosophical,
educational, and operational participation potentially
required all nodes and any solutions thought to be
impossible to achieve?
Is it easier to just skate by on the odds and
continue throwing the victims under the bridge
as acceptable losses?
Not meaning to have refer to Loki, or any project, but to all nets...
We know that, other than routine protocol, code, and
human exploits (those three all still being quite sufficient at times),
adversaries remaining credible tools against Overlay Networks
themselves seem to be Vampire and Sybil. And fake Law, no?
It's not only State Actors... any global, regional, or even local
tier-n ISP can be an adversary partner Vampire... all you
need is to be, or have access to, some pipes... and a
willingness to be, or be friendly to, some power, or to
wish to gain from your own Vamping.
And any NGO or person can be a Sybil... all that
takes is money, and in many cases, amusingly little.
When head down in code and ops,
a bit of talk on the metas is good now and then.
Mine should of course be disregarded entirely.

@_date: 2019-04-02 19:34:06
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Updating Crypto and Software, Users Role, 
Not endorsing or suggesting just noting for whoever
that Tor has been updating a lot of its former crypto,
here's one example...
Indeed a lot of projects have been and are
updating their crypto for various reasons...
brokenness, modularity, performance,
simplicity, maintenance, quantum...
the list goes on.
... innumerable examples elided...
It's always good to look around and see what's
the latest going on in other projects.
Many are perfectly good for their use cases, and
relatively future proof, thus having no need to update.
Others are a public shambles needing wholesale
rewrite, fork, abandoned.
To the extent the below applies to any project...
Projects should not hesitate to utilize flag days where useful.
Many projects focus way too much on making seamless transitions.
Users are part of projects too, and have responsibilities therein.
Let them know this, and they will understand.
Cryptocurrencies have been able to make rapid advances,
in part because their very first announcements and ongoing
processes make very clear that there will be flag days,
required software updates, and things users have to do.
Setting those expectations, enabling users to take part
and pride in playing that role, can allow you to swiftly adapt
and update as needed. Much faster than any other project,
or adversary, on the market.
Instead of being mired in "no changes, no downtime",
legacy codebases, lacking features, whatever holds you back, etc.

@_date: 2019-01-22 04:21:57
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Implementing full Internet IPv6 end-to-end 
No, it *abuses* the private network prefix
and should be renumbered out of it into an
appropriate space, or get its own allocation,
or go camp on some actually unallocated distant
space that is unlikely to ever be allocated, instead
of colliding with the rest of the world's, and its
own users, proper usage of allocated space.

@_date: 2019-01-22 23:57:41
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Implementing full Internet IPv6 end-to-end 
No. CJDNS chose to squat address space that
conflicts with pre existing IANA usage schemas
regarding special allocations, and further conflicts
with users (both end users and corp, gov, edu, etc.
all in private context) correct and conformant use of
said allocations. As before, CJDNS had more
appropriate options and didn't use them.
Nor should sys and net admins, and even 3rd party
app developers, have to do such extra monkey work.
IANA RFC says users / admins / apps should be free
from conflict there. But they aren't, no thanks to CJDNS.
Until CJDNS renumbers, it bears all responsibility,
and will continue to risk growth and usage due to
IPv6 conflicts that shouldn't be there in the first place.
Other than that, CJDNS is a cool project.

@_date: 2019-01-24 14:33:37
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Implementing full Internet IPv6 end-to-end 
As readers may be aware,
Tor has an interesting capability via OnionCat and OnionVPN
to join its 80-bits of v2 onion addressing with the IPv6/48
bits provided by the latter tools to yield a self authenticating
128-bit host and internet stack compatible private space.
This brings IPv6 (UDP, ICMP, all its applications, etc) to
the Tor overlay.
Tor breaks that with its v3 onions which are much wider.
As does I2P. And of course CJDNS isn't exctly interop
There's an open project for anyone who wants it...
To bring IPv6 over v3 onions to Tor.
The results of which... that being how to provision roughly
approaching 128-bits of stack compatible reasonably E2E
self or otherwise authenticated space out from any wider
space... would be useful to many of the existing and future
overlay networks out there, to bring instant compatibilty
of those nets with all of users IPv6 apps.
Could be anything from a DHT first seen, to an in network
blockchain registry, to an entirely new modular AF_WIDE
compilation library option which could pluggably open up
a lot of overlay networks to general application usage.
See tor-talk list archives and I2P dev for more
talk on the potential project.

@_date: 2019-01-24 17:52:58
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Implementing full Internet IPv6 end-to-end 
Depends on if and to what extent one needs or wishes to speak
to the clearnet hardware that currently exists...
Yes, one cannot rationally overload all 128 bits for that without colliding
upon allocated IPv6 space that may appear in one's host stack.
However the 1:1 key network can be larger than 64 or 80 bit. One could
easily play with up to say 125 bits by squatting on entirely
unallocated space. (Unlike the clear mistake CJDNS made by
squatting on space already allocated for a specific and conflicting
real world in stack purpose.) Obviously the common library widths
of 96 and 112 could be keyed. And request could be made for a
formal allocation if compatibility and compliance was felt needed
by some mental gymnastics.
Agreed, going from say 64 to 125 bits is not the huge or
universally strong and ideal leap that could be sought for.
And there is the question of secure levels and offloading
(or onboarding as it may be)... at what level would many
users perhaps choose to share their cat pictures...
64, 80, 120, 512? And their finances, affairs, work, email?
Were a slider to exist, where would offloading bulk traffic,
of any given content or purpose, end up being set, and
start to occur? How would you run each as needed?
Do you need a future 8192-bit IPvN in backbone routers
and host stacks to achieve certain strengths and utility
goals? Or can you do it some other way?
For reference...
ORCHIDv2 is also commonly noted...
An IPv6 Prefix for Overlay Routable Cryptographic Hash Identifiers
Version 2 (ORCHIDv2)
   This document specifies an updated Overlay Routable Cryptographic
   Hash Identifiers (ORCHID) format that obsoletes that in RFC 4843.
   These identifiers are intended to be used as endpoint identifiers at
   applications and Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and not as
   identifiers for network location at the IP layer, i.e., locators.
   They are designed to appear as application-layer entities and at the
   existing IPv6 APIs, but they should not appear in actual IPv6
   headers.  To make them more like regular IPv6 addresses, they are
   expected to be routable at an overlay level.  Consequently, while
   they are considered non-routable addresses from the IPv6-layer
   perspective, all existing IPv6 applications are expected to be able
   to use them in a manner compatible with current IPv6 addresses.
   The Overlay Routable Cryptographic Hash Identifiers originally
   defined in RFC 4843 lacked a mechanism for cryptographic algorithm
   agility.  The updated ORCHID format specified in this document
   removes this limitation by encoding, in the identifier itself, an
   index to the suite of cryptographic algorithms in use.

@_date: 2019-01-24 18:37:02
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [tor-talk] Implementing full Internet IPv6 
As before, yes v3 is a great update, useful for many, even indeed
properly set for users by default. But not for all users, as some may
explicitly choose to trade features of one version, say v3, for long
term capabilities still needed from, or only present for the future
in, another version, say v2.
v3 should be "promoted", yet that shouldn't be at expense
or exclusive to anything else, nor should anything else be
diminishing to it. Modularity works there.
And since v3 is now the default, the low cost work
of "promoting" it is now more or less done.
So perhaps v3 can be set aside on its own for now
to consider what "native" might mean in larger context...
Killing v2, while at the same time not working on porting the
curious IPv6 feature to vN, would be a foot shooting regression
upon the future. While easy way out for some to propose,
it's probably not the right approach.
Maybe yes it's about tool devs and users... about apps...
how to see folks using crypto privacy currency overlays
messaging etc, more or less seamlessly, being protected
from surveillance and censorship and enjoying free speech,
scalable production class networks... do you...
a) Wait forever until some critical number or combination
of overlay networks and new apps, necessarily specifically
exclusively and natively written for those nets alone...
is reached, having mass effect at that point...
b) Try to provide extension API's for your overlay of the
year that works with whatever apps people are already using
today, and provide interop API's between overlays, until some
overlays prove resistant enough for general usage tomorrow.
(Recall that tor still emits an adversary warning on startup
and has entire classes of unsolved weaknesses, as
with any other overlay today.)
Or elements of both and add win from both ends.
Or something else or more.
Historically, most overlays have failed at (a) because
native never widely happened, and because of failing
at (b), along with not yet having sufficient attack resistance,
and plain old tunnel vision competition in narrow and
easier fields (say delivering a message)... perhaps are
missing out on some adoption wins in areas where they
are actually suitable enough.
IPv6 is a potential already "native" area here...
Pick any list of "end user" or "server" applications, generally
any IP capable thing out there that people plug into the internet
(these days most everything is becoming IPv6 capable so let's
just forget about IPv4). Well, the millions of apps out there all
speak IP, and do not speak end to end bidirectional onion or i2p
or anything else, let alone ride on or utilize any auth or uniqueness
expectations therein.
Yes, various LD_PRELOAD and packet filter torifying methods
covers some things as a hack.
However the problem is most apparent with apps that include
addressing info in their data not just use it only for binding
the network stack. Or that use anything other than TCP.
Or that need to route, P2P, DHT, etc. Features break or the app
simply won't work. Bittorrent is one such very popular application,
many more exist, or could exist. Many of which might
need to make use of addressing in data to scale, or UDP
for efficiency or mixing.
Further, trying to plug apps into these overlays is complex and
thereby offputting and risky for all but expert users and admins.
Now if you had some simple range of IPv6 for them to bind
to and filter, or even an AF_WIDE, that becomes a lot easier
to adopt and manage as well.
And of course AF_WIDE, or AF_OVERLAY, though it would
require code in all apps, would be a third party supportable
modular library once plugged in as a compile option to the
thousands of popular apps out there.
Engineer something like that and magic starts to happen.
Or since IPv6, crypto, networks, apps, etc are decades old
now, gather todays knowledge for a try at starting from the
top again.
Perhaps a larger aspect is... everyone in the space should probably
be thinking about these things. Are these tools and overlays
just some ad-hoc complex limited usage highly optimized things
for geeks, activists, particular communities, etc? 100k's of users
or less with very limited interop capabilities.
Or is something larger and more important being built?
500M+'s of users, new RFC's and hardware level everywhere,
universal link level full time crypto and padding, are there even
such things being designed. How to fit a picture with or evolve
todays mainstream app and use models. How to get there?
Where is there? When?
Someone should start a conference, not on what attendee
and projects are doing, but maybe on working to discover
the meta of where much of the space should be heading,
perhaps even together.

@_date: 2019-01-25 07:31:03
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Implementing full Internet IPv6 end-to-end 
Oops memory fail as to one bit... today CJDNS really
only conflicts with RFC, not yet colliding with users
in typical environments, as they are unlikely to have
gone against RFC to use the same space.
More space summary later. Sorry, thanks.

@_date: 2019-01-27 21:14:16
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Happy birthday, NIA! 
Why are you celebrating singing cheer praise and thanks
songs and giving happy gifts for a bunch of top secret lying
human experimenting torturing murderers since inception...

@_date: 2019-07-04 00:19:08
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] graph theory and sybil attack 
How much is search willing to spend on Proof Of Search?
Via Proof of * by search nodes,
or by Proof of cryptocurrency micropayment for good search result.
Or even PKI to various levels of truth?
Or is that all the fad talk these days?
Of course that involves talk of cryptocurrency,
which was first announced yet now banned here,
which involves applied cryptographic protocols and networks,
which is weird.

@_date: 2019-05-20 00:08:23
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What are the privacy implications of bitpay 
The underlying problem is that most coins are
not privacy coins at the protocol level, and hardly
that with most mix, but moreso with better coinjoin etc.
Or you can push out from privacy coins per tx / day / week,
with lots of cost and headaches, or just adopt and use
them natively... Zcash, Monero, many more before long,
as the better overall solution. The point of opensource
cryptocurrency is to evolve and survival of fittest past
the genesis... nonprivacy coins are early legacy tech
and hardly fit and cannot survive privacy and other attacks...
you know much more now, so go and evolve past those
early designs.
No, you're talking to the chain, bitpay reads the chain.
Of course bitpay is a third party seeing both sides, so
they're still vomit compared to direct onchain to payee wallet.
And governments love that middle siphon op. Expect them to
require a checkout ID swipe for that soon... so you have
about 30 minutes to adopt and entrench faster than they
can fuck you over with that too... thanks to you wasting
your time with blocksize and price, instead of adoption
and advancing designs.
If using the complete garbage Gemini backed Flexa SPEDN app
then yes, that's even more severe exploitation of privacy
and so many other things on a whole other level
beyond even Bitpay.
So now brick and mortar retail is trending poorly in
regard true adoption of true distributed cryptocurrency.
Coins without privacy are worse than fiat cash, no
one wants worse, it leads straight to your life controlled
and enslaved hell.
You need to educate payees on wallet ops, conversions,
holdback profits as investment, promise of true
distributed cryptocurrency. And everyone on privacy coins.
It's not that hard.
"Money" is ultimately backed by nothing but belief.
And now there's a much more agnostic, fair and
less murderous choice than Fiat.
So don't let the BankGovCorp FUD propaganda brigade and
puppet masters sway you. Distributed scalable private cryptocurrency
is solveable tech, and you know it's power for you.
So go solve and adopt it.

@_date: 2019-05-24 22:34:55
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Craig Steven Wright's Bitcoin Copyright 5-20-2019 
Completely irrelavant.
Cryptocurrency has evolved well past it's first instance,
well past all such claimants and any silly need
for its first BDFL, and will continue to do so, rightly.
Craig's a pompous asshole, that alone, plus all the rest, including
his no coin privacy stance (a soon to be classwide failure already being
exploited by legacy global penchants and foibles), is enough to discourage
cryptocurrency away from anything he's involved in.
Distributed p2p privacy cryptocurrency doesn't need money,
or copyrights, trademarks, patents, licences, closed blobs,
censorship, surveillance, control, corporations, or governments,
or Craig, to succeed.
That's the whole point.
So stop looking to waste your time trying to centralize
and cheer around central things and people like this.
That will fail in the end.
Instead, put time into getting a scalable, distributed,
and privacy cryptocurrency adopted ASAP.

@_date: 2019-05-25 02:01:15
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Craig Steven Wright's Bitcoin Copyright 5-20-2019 
Playing coy with story references doesn't
help anyone or serve any purpose.

@_date: 2019-05-28 14:56:31
@_author: grarpamp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Schnorr multisignatures based on ED22519 
There are real world in vivo applications of Schnorr
with lots of value riding on them that can always
be reviewed for correctness, curve selection,
multisig operations, implementation bugs, etc.
Here's one application example...
