
@_date: 2013-09-07 07:15:15
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Insecure DNS deployments are probably in the top five attack vectors
for remotely compromising internal network topologies, even those
sporting split DNS configurations.  As you were "...deeply involved in the
IETF's DNSEXT working group" then I presume you know this.
For example, DNS cache poisoning attacks, local ARP cache spoofing
attacks to redirect DNS queries and responses, redirection of operating
system update and patching services that map to fully qualified domain
names such as "windowsupdate.microsoft.com", etc.
Correct me if I am wrong, but in my humble opinion the original intent
of the DNSSEC framework was to provide for cryptographic authenticity
of the Domain Name Service, not for confidentiality (although that
would have been a bonus).
There are many different camps within the DoD.

@_date: 2013-09-07 19:13:58
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
The PKI industry has been a sham since day one, and several root certs
have been compromised by the proverbial "bad guys" over the years (for
example, the "Flame" malware incident used to sign emergency Windows
Update packages which mysteriously only affected users in Iran and the
Middle East, or the Diginotar debacle, or the Tunisian "Ammar" MITM
attacks etc).  This of course is assuming that the FBI doesn't already
have access to all of the root CAs so that on domestic soil they can
sign updates and perform silent MITM interception of SSL and
IPSEC-encrypted traffic using transparent inline layer-2 bridging
devices that are at every major Internet peering point and interconnect,
because that would be crazy talk.
However, some form of authenticity and integrity is better than zero,
which is what the majority of the current DNS system offers, and it is
point and click trivial to perform MITM attacks with unauthenticated
DNS, especially on local area network segments which are rarely
protected with more than the Windows firewall.
Even without a centralized PKI, stateless port 53 UDP DNS could benefit
from some type of cryptographic security, but as with any standard
seemingly related to privacy or confidentiality we are left with this
DNSSEC quagmire of meetings and proposed meetings to talk about the next
meeting to discuss how the committee will propose the next request for
comment, ad nauseum.
Bitcoin for example doesn't need hundreds of private companies with
elaborate PKI documentation authentication services which are in reality
just mental placebos for Joe Consumer when he updates his monthly
Brazzers subscription, and it's doing just fine as the runner up for the
next global world monetary standard.
So with that said, I would still place my wager on the FBI being the
source of these various privacy enhancing service delays and not some
secret cabal of PKI execs that are engaging in standards committee

@_date: 2013-09-07 19:29:45
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bruce Schneier has gotten seriously spooked 
Take a trip down memory lane and research the historical roots of the Data Encryption Standard, especially the pre-DES Lucifer standard with IBM.  Some hints would be the last minute reduction to 56-bit, as well as the replacement S-Boxes that were mandated for use by IBM before Lucifer became the DES.
And then if you were in the Beltway region back in '98, you might also remember the entire federal government freaking out about EFF's Deep Crack, which almost overnight caused 56-bit DES to be deprecated in favor of 3DES.  But then there were the complaints about the computational expensiveness of 3DES, so our superheros at NIST jumped in with the Advanced Encryption Standard contest and here were are again.
In the '90s there were a few papers written about optimal DES S-Box calculation; they disappeared from publication.  There was also a fellow who released a software application used for alternate DES S-Box generation, that got yanked as well.  I am not suggesting black helicopters or extrajudicial renditions, just that once they were on the Internet and then a few weeks later they were not online anymore, anywhere.
An oldie but goodie in this category of discussion is SANS' "S-Box Modifications and Their Effect in DES-like Encryption Systems", Joe Gargiulo, July 25, 2002.

@_date: 2013-09-07 19:58:50
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bruce Schneier has gotten seriously spooked 
I would submit that the exact inverse is the real target - endpoint devices.  There is simply too much volume of Internet traffic to realistically analyze and process, even with the next big datacenter in Utah and multi gigabit wire rate capable deep content inspection blades.  It's the endpoint devices that the FBI is after for targeted intrusions (for both domestic and foreign targets), and the NSA used to have a very legitimate charter with a culture dedicated to protecting U.S. communications at all costs.
For decades the FBI were literally the spies that couldn't shoot straight, as was evidenced by CALEA (lets put backdoors into every phone switch), and Comverse Infosys (then lets outsource all of our wiretap operations).  But even with all of those idiotic mistakes, the FBI got their amended FISA 2008 and the Patriot Acts passed which in effect repealed the Posse Comitatus Act and gave the FBI their political power play to gain control over all of the NSA's signals intelligence capabilities, for domestic spying and wiretapping here on U.S. soil without any judicial oversight whatsoever.
I would even wager that Herr Bob Mueller himself arranged this Snowden debacle with the Crown of England and his Chinese and Russian counterparts, to guarantee Snowden safe asylum once he absconded with the NSA crown jewels.  A simple reading of the international media chatter shows that the NSA (and the USA by proxy) are the bad guys now, with nary a mention of the FBI being involved at any level of this with their own domestic spying operation that is many orders of magnitude more powerful than anything the NSA and/or DoD had ever even dreamed of accomplishing with foreign signals intelligence gathering.

@_date: 2013-09-07 20:46:30
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Before you make silly accusations go read the VeriSign Certificate Practices Statement and then work out how many people it takes to gain access to one of the roots.
The Key Ceremonies are all videotaped from start to finish and the auditors have reviewed at least some of the ceremonies. So while it is not beyond the realms of possibility that such a large number of people were suborned, I think it drastically unlikely.
Add to which Jim Bizdos is not exactly known for being well disposed to the NSA or key escrow.
Hacking CAs is a poor approach because it is a very visible attack. Certificate Transparency is merely automating and generalizing controls that already exist.
But we can certainly add them to S/MIME, why not.
VeriSign is one single certificate authority.  There are many, many more certificate authorities spread across the world, and unless you can guarantee an air-gapped network with tightly constrained physical security controls and a secret videotaped bohemian ceremony such as the one you reference above at each and every one of those CAs, then maybe it's not such a "silly accusation" to think that root CAs are routinely distributed to multinational secret services to perform MITM session decryption on any form of communication that derives its security from the CA PKI.
To whit:  "...Mozilla maintains a list of at least 57 trusted root CAs, though multiple commercial CAs or their resellers may share the same trusted root)." [
Another relevant read:

@_date: 2013-09-07 21:14:47
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Good theory only the CA industry tried very hard to deploy and was prevented from doing so because Randy Bush abused his position as DNSEXT chair to prevent modification of the spec to meet the deployment requirements in .com.
DNSSEC would have deployed in 2003 with the DNS ATLAS upgrade had the IETF followed the clear consensus of the DNSEXT working group and approved the OPT-IN proposal. The code was written and ready to deploy.
I told the IESG and the IAB that the VeriSign position was no bluff and that if OPT-IN did not get approved there would be no deployment in .com. A business is not going to spend $100million on deployment of a feature that has no proven market demand when the same job can be done for $5 million with only minor changes.
And this is exactly why there is no real security on the Internet.  Because the IETF and standards committees and working groups are all in reality political fiefdoms and technological monopolies aimed at lining the pockets of a select few companies deemed "worthy" of authenticating user documentation for purposes of establishing online credibility.
There is no reason for any of this, and I would once again cite to Bitcoin as an example of how an entire secure online currency standard can be created and maintained in a decentralized fashion without the need for complex hierarchies of quasi-political commercial interests.
Encrypting SMTP is trivial, it's all about the standard to make it happen.  Encrypting IPv6 was initially a mandatory part of the spec, but then it somehow became discretionary.  The nuts and bolts of strong crypto have been around for decades, but the IETF and related standards "powers to be" are more interested in creating a global police state than guaranteeing some semblance of confidential and privacy for Internet users.

@_date: 2013-09-08 00:00:09
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bruce Schneier has gotten seriously spooked 
As a perennial optimist I would hope that global surveillance efforts
were focused solely on core communication peering and network access
points.  Unfortunately, the realist (and technologist) in me says otherwise.
It is not possible to view or intercept local area network
communications from a core network router.  For example, if I wanted to
catch some U.S. senator fornicating with his neighbor's wife for
purposes of blackmail fodder, then access to a core network router
wouldn't do me much good. However, if I had access to that senator's premise router by way of a
"lawful intercept" backdoor, then perhaps I could for example observe
that senator and his mistress' comings and goings by capturing a 720p
video feed from the Xbox camera in his living room.  Or by remotely
enabling the speaker phone microphone on a Cisco VoIP device.  Or maybe
I could enable the microphone and video camera on a LAN-connected laptop
to listen in on ambient conversations and to observe a live video feed
from the room where the laptop is sleeping.
Etc, etc.
