
@_date: 2014-08-20 12:16:36
@_author: Taylor Hornby 
@_subject: [Cryptography] CSPRNG for password salt 
If you use a CSPRNG, you don't need to store state. It's conceptually
simpler than having counters and storing those counters, dealing with
race conditions on those counters, protecting that state from malicious
modification, etc. Just read from /dev/urandom and use that as your salt.
Using a counter is fine if you're in control of everything, but if
you're writing a password storage library with minimal dependencies, and
no database interaction, a CSPRNG is the way to go.
There's also the argument that computationally-expensive memory-hard
functions could depend on the unpredictability of their salt parameter
to guarantee hardness properties. I'm not sure if that's usually the
case, I assume it is, but check the PHC research to be sure.
A counter can give you local uniqueness, but a salt needs to be
globally-unique. You could combine the hostname with the salt, but even
hostnames are duplicated. The only way, as far as I know, to ensure a
value is globally-unique is with a well-seeded CSPRNG.

@_date: 2014-11-27 18:02:03
@_author: Taylor Hornby 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Underhanded Crypto 
We're definitely not expecting that much *new* code. There are two
categories of submissions. "New designs" and "Add a backdoor."
For the second category, you can take an existing implementation and
modify it so that it's backdoored in an underhanded way (extra points if
the backdoor isn't obvious even when you're looking at the diff).
Yes, absolutely. For the "new designs" category, it does not need to be
completely implemented. Even just an abstract description of the system
is fine. For example, a submission might be the description of a new
hash function with a subtly-flawed proof that finding a collision is
NP-hard -- no implementation necessary.
Yes, it may be difficult. Note that "difficult for the organizers to
verify" might imply "difficult for anyone in practice to verify" so that
may be an avenue towards a good submission.
In general, we're looking for things that would likely be accepted (or
at least not outright rejected) by someone who is familiar with
Some of these questions are answered here:
