
@_date: 2003-06-09 09:34:20
@_author: Michael Helm 
@_subject: Keyservers and Spam  
I don't know about all pgp key servers, but the one I am  familiar with
searches on whatever text you have added to the data packet with your public key,
as well as on signers  and other things.  It would be feasible to create a PGP-only (or -mostly) email alias,
make that the sole email address in your key stored in pgp key servers.
On the other hand, on the particular key server I am familiar with,
_all text_ you put in the trusted data can be discovered.  Other key servers
may have additional controls.
If you have ever had a key stored in such a key server with many addresses
you do not want discovered, it is very difficult (probably impossible)
to rectify this problem; revocation does not solve it.
I have no idea how important a source of email addresses this represents; maybe someone has some empirical data on that.

@_date: 2003-06-10 11:07:02
@_author: Michael Helm 
@_subject: Keyservers and Spam  
This leads us to a question beyond the subject of this thread
(something along the lines of what the meaning of identity is, or what a true name is, and this is not an easy thing on which to reach agreement).
I don't think it is necessarily the case that a key is bogus because
it doesn't have, say, a birth certificate name on its certificate, but that's my
opinion & of course yours is different, and what keys you are willing
to trust is a responsibility rightly left to you to decide.
I think there are two false premises here that lead to a faulty conclusion.
One is that not publishing your address means no-one can find your encryption
key.  This is false.   Not publishing means that the responsibility for managing
that key falls to you and your correspondents.   PGP supports key rings and
most MUA's have some kind of address book, so previously - seen keys have
some opportunity to be remembered.
Why is there any interest in publishing in a keyserver in the first place?
The second false premise (arguably) is caught in this: "and accept the price in spam".  There is certainly a vulnerability in having email addresses in a public
archive like keyservers.  But is there an actual demonstrated risk? Does anyone
have evidence of any kind, other than their opinion?   Ours seems to be inconvenient
for scraping, but maybe I'm missing something: either you have to have a pretty
good idea what you're looking for in the first place, or you have to downloading a very large file and extract the email strings from it.
The suggestion to limit the number of matches returned might be useful.
Doesn't publishing a key in a keyserver mean you are willing to accept (encrypted)
mail from people you do not know?  Or maybe, effectively, it means you have
to tolerate that as a side effect from whatever other benefit you might derive
from the keyserver.   How can you instruct a keyserver to only give your
email address out to people who send good email and not spam?
What would it do?
There have been several key servers developed in the past 1-2 years and
there has been some activity in drafting up various specs; I 'm having a little
trouble laying hands on what the current state is, but you might try
or ftp.ietf.org and look for
  (but there are other keyservers)
and rummaging thru ietf-openpgp wg mailing list
