
@_date: 2018-12-06 11:45:09
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hohha quantum resistant end-to-end encryption 
In my P2P PSK scheme grouping is not a problem. A set with more than two
elements is the union of its 2 element subsets. In my scheme the PSK group
is the union of its PSK pairs. Group communication is the sum of its P2P
PSK communications. Let me explain with an example: I create a group of 5
people: Alice, Bob, Charlie, Dave and me. I have PSK with Alice and Bob but
not with Carlie and Dave. Charlie is PSK connected to Alice and Dave is PSK
connected to Bob. Remember each couple has its unique PSK. Then if I send a
PSK message to the PSK group, my message goes to Alice and Bob directly and
to Charlie via Alice and Dave via Bob all with the P2P PSKs. See? Grouping
does not bring any complication in the P2P PSK scheme. Someone leaves the
group? Fine. He is removed from the group and messages sent to the group
never goes to him.
In P2P PSK scheme you have to be PSK connected to at least one member to be
able to subscribe to (communicate with) the group. At an implementation
arbitrary subscription rules can be made applicable. Like increasing the
subscription requirement up to being PSK connected to the majority or all
members, etc.

@_date: 2018-02-08 12:18:08
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
2018-02-06 18:49 GMT+03:00 Phillip Hallam-Baker :
2018-02-07 2:38 GMT+03:00 :
I am working on a protocol called Proof of Prophecy to kill PoW/PoS etc. in
the crypto asset context as you may have read on several posts of mine,
recently. However, I am a professional developer, prisoned to coding on
another domain by the company I founded, all day/everyday because of our
tight schedules which got tighter for my PoP paper work. I had recently
decided to stop following this list which seduces me to my PoP paper. I had
to prohibit myself Gmail access to resist the temptation of the list. This
morning I came early to the office. Took my espresso and could not resist
opening my Gmail with the seducing hope of finding something cursing at PoW
and the trolling fanaticism of the cyrpto world: BINGO!!!
Please kindly read my posts about DAG, Proof of Prophecy protocol,
decentralization, etc. Please note that I had been heavily criticizing
Bitcoin/PoW/PoS/etc. when the market cap was rising tremendously. A summary
of my thoughts is repeated below:
2018-01-29 0:37 GMT+03:00 Ersin Taskin :
Let me put down some bullet points from my work, which I hope to share with
you guys hopefully soon:
1. PoW can be good to fight against SPAM/DOS attacks where you distribute
the load to the endpoint/user rather than concentrate it on the system. So
a tiny load per sender of the mail/request instead of a huge amount of load
on the shoulders of the system helps build an unfair race against the
adversary. In Bitcoin PoW is on the shoulders of the system rather than the
users and relies on a fair race between the adversary and the honest. The
design mistake here is amazing! I acknowledge and appreciate the motivation
which served well at the birth phase. But Pow must go now. We thank him for
taking us here. Security strength is directly proportional to the
unfairness of the race against the adversary. PoS/dPoS, etc. all suffer the
"anchor to water" problem and thus cannot escape the AR dilemma. (Tony, the
intrinsic interest segregation between the delegates and the voters is the
common trust communication problem of democracy which cannot be resolved by
dPoS. You are subject to propaganda by candidates that promise you good
incentives for you to vote for them. The delegates have their own interests
and u cannot guarantee knowledge to all of them. To make things worse
voters have distinct interests. Plus you can always be deceived by a
super-rational attacker. In fact, the super-rational attacker has an
advantage over the honest candidate who lacks outside benefits.)
2. Asymmetric encryption provides a means for an unfathomably un-fair race
against the adversary. We should focus on it to find a solution to the
double spend problem. Once we have the anchorage required, the system
becomes much more powerful in terms of efficiency, flexibility, security,
privacy, regulation, government-people relations to the satisfaction of
both sides, etc. A new system beyond the dreams of everyone in the crypto
ecosystem today. Such a system is absolutely destined to be THE SYSTEM of
the future on which all other systems rely.
3. We must focus on the anchorage problem and use the super-rational attack
scenario as an example to make it understandable and as a component metric
to judge the Robustness of the system. I have been waiting for the right
way and time to explain the anchorage. My paper aims that purpose.
4. We need a system that can be implemented TODAY and evolve in the course
of time. We have to admit that state/government is a reality TODAY. Some
part of is bad but some part of it is good (at least as of today).
. We have to acknowledge the legitimate parts of the state and design a
fair system that collaborates with that part of the state. No body would be
able to succesfully object to a crypto-system that shakes hands with the
legitimate and fair part of the state. Mobilizing the state has enormous
power.  Why not use it? As long as our anchorage has nothing to do with and
cannot be controlled by the state. It will be to the benefit of the state
to mobilize this new powerful system. Such a win-win situation is possible
and necessary if we want to be fair and practical. That is one of the key
advantages of the anchorage. It puts us as an independent and powerful
organism on the table with the state.
5.  Plus no bank has robbed me, served me poorly with my money deposited on
them in my entire life. I am talking about basic financial services. I
trust my banks more than I trust everyone in the cryptocurrency system
including Tether which ultimately managed to become the most trusted
cryptocoin, via relying only on our trust in our banks. Yes, I am aware of
the corrupt and unfair part of the financial system. However, this should
not blind me to the fact that we have banks out there, that we can trust
for basic financial services.
Finally, the misbelief buble that we would have a totally decentralized,
trustless cash system with zero need to talking to the governments and
banks, is about to burst. Let us get to work to find a solution before it's
too late.

@_date: 2018-02-13 02:03:13
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
But here, the biggest danger is to be trapped by global
Dear Ismail,
Today I visited with my ms thesis advisor after so many years. I asked her
help with the paper which takes more time than I expected. When I briefly
sketched her the isolation of crypto-functionality to three basic
independent components, she said "Ersin, you know what this is. It is the
Separation of Powers principle." and I replied, "I admit that the recent
political  debate on the separation of powers in Turkey probably inspired
me." So I find your "Separation of Powers" remark fascinating taking into
account that you are Turkish, too. You see how influential our environment
is in our creation.
To avoid misunderstanding; I do not propose handing over any bit of power
to the state (nor the banks). POP can only be implemented with zero
government/capitalist stake. Its core strength is that it resolves the
double spend problem with an anchorage that cannot be convertible to money.
State and banks (an all other powerhouses of capitalism) are made of money
and thus cannot influence/attack the POP system. Remember the
anchor-to-iceberg problem.
However, we must acknowledge the existence of the state, banks; and the
fact that a great deal of the people trusts these banks in basic
banking/cash services. Many people to whom I presented and advocated
Bitcoin told me that they trusted banks more than the entities in the
cryptocurrency ecosystem. Some of them said they didn't like the idea of
irreversibility to my surprise and anger. These are observations I have to
admit. I try hard to fight against fanaticism and cherish scepticism in me.
It is not easy. Evolution hasn't wired our brains that way. We cannot help
getting aggressive when we hear statements against our strongest beliefs.
Then the heist, ransomware incidents caused me to re-think irreversibility.
A system architect with an evolutionary vision/approach cannot deny the
environment. This is our environment. A cryptocurrency system should not be
arrogant to deny these people, banks, states. We have to admit that we are
soo the minority in our countries, trying to join forces with the unbanked
in the underdeveloped world. We are the very minority in terms of capital
as well. Besides, any good platform would provide the options, its users
demand. The broader the platform the broader the options demanded. A
cryptocurrency cash platform must provide its users and suppliers with the
option for jurisdiction based reversibility, the trust scheme, and the
privacy-control, etc. Any cash system who addresses the demands of the
majority of the people will be dominant anyway. And all these are possible
in POP without any state stake in the system. The state is a
peripheral device in POP. If users want to use it the POP protocol allows
that. Just like the printer. Same for the banks.

@_date: 2018-02-22 13:46:44
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
Thanks for the paper. However, the paper just justifies my point, if you
read the whole paragraph. Let me present a train of thought as an example:
1. The Establishment (Gov+FED+Banks+Corproteuracy) is under the threat of
disruption by Bitcoin.
2. It fights back for survival when this threat becomes serious.
3. It has enough power (money) to get more than 50% hash power.
The attack scenario:
1. The attacker (the Establishment) gains the majority hash-power to rule
the longest chain. Deciding what transactions to select from the mempool,
deciding the next block.
2. The attacker forms sybil agents. This is trivial. Thanks to
permisionlessness:) Bitcoin indeed recommends everyone to create sybil
agents for each transaction (key pairs/addresses).
3. The attacker fuels its sybil agents with a constant (not much) amount of
4. Sybil agents flood the system with valid transaction requests with
transaction fees varying slightly above the average.
5. Sybil miners select these valid sybil transactions filling the entire
block space and denying most if not all of the honest transactions.
6. Sybil miners send the transaction fees back to the sybil agents through
atomic swap, zero knowledge, etc. pathways escaping tracking. Thanks to
7. The feedback loop provides the vicious cycle which helps the attacker
sustain an infinite loop attack with a constant amount of money. We all
know that no one (not even Bitcoin) survives an infinite loop.
Since Bitcoin is censor-proof, your coin equals mine, all valid
transactions are equal, it is legitimate that transaction fees can
determine the choice from the mempool and that the system is based on
dont-trust-the-miners game theoretical approach. There is no solution to
the above attack scenario. Actually, it would be non-trivial to understand
the system is under attack. I could not find a solution in Bitcoin. I
shared it with top technical guys this weekend at the Bitcoin Ethereum
Superconference in Dallas. And none provided an answer. Some said it is
mathematically impossible to find a solution and admitted that it is a
serious problem. One very famous, legendary developer said that this is not
a problem because such an attack will not happen. He was drunk and I did
not take him seriously apart from the observation that people can become
very religious on scientific topics. I forwarded this observation as a
warning to myself.
The above scenario owes its success to the feedback loop from the miners
back to the sybil agents. Otherwise, we would not bother the cost of 51%
hash-power. Just send valid transaction requests involving higher
transaction fees to flood the system. As long as you do not control the
blockchain you may keep spending transaction fees irreversibly and cannot
guarantee to block the entire chain. Miners (pool managers) aware of the
attack may collaborate to deny your transactions not to lose their business
in the long term.  That feedback loop is possible because POW is based on a
scheme based on a fair race against the adversary. This makes it easy for
the attacker to acquire the authoritative power on the system. Amazing
design insisted with the assumption that the powerful target to disrupt
will not attack back for survival!
There are other less costly, more effective super-rational attack scenarios
involving speculative approaches and it can easily be shown that the
superrational attacker can get the entire cryptocurrency space down easily
through the vicious-cycle scheme described above together with helper
methods. The attacker can use its Exchange in a collision with its sybil
miners to allow rushes from Bitcoin towards the target currency (say USD).
In this scenario, everybody would run to save their precious money not
giving a damn to Bitcoin.
Long story short: PoW is a bad idea to be used on the processor side. It is
an extremely inefficient way to secure the system. If use PoW (I don't
recommend at all) use only when you can provide any degree of an unfair
race against the attacker. Even then it has its own issues.
POS and DPOS are also vulnerable to the above attack because the
super-rational attacker can get the majority of the stake and as we learned
from our democracy practice money gets the votes. people vote for
candidates they do not know in person. They vote based on incentives,
lotteries advertised in campaigns. The super-rational attacker with more
money (and gain) would propose more, campaign better to attract more votes.
Secret services (like CIA) have such professional spies and entities that
it will be impossible for us to identify their real identities. They span
the entire space of people from selling hotdog on the street to presidents
of countries. It would be naive to guarantee that DPOS will never allow
money to get majority stake. Indeed, this weekend, I challenged Stan
Larimer (the godfather of Bitshares) face to face in a friendly manner
among his fans with the above attack scenario and he could not provide a
solution and said "let's forward this to Dan" giving me his email.
This is what I call the anchor to iceberg problem. POW, DPOS, DPOS all
anchor to things that are convertible to money. This allows the
super-rational attacker to gain control of the system provided that it has
enough money to spare. This combined with the game-theoretical,
permisionless, censor-proof, privacy-seeking system dictates the fact that
any crypto-currency system immune to super-rational attack must anchor to
something that gives the hard promise like the sun rising every morning
from the east and going down every evening on the west. A very simple
promise. But a hard one to break. A hard promise that you cannot break with

@_date: 2018-02-22 15:59:35
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
2018-02-12 23:25 GMT+03:00 Ray Dillinger :
Dear Ray,
I apologize sincerely. Let me share my misery, these days. Maybe this list
can help. I am very busy. Slave to code for the company I founded. It's
fun. I feel so priviledged to have this as my profession. I hope that this
much coding/day is temporary though.
In the meantime I go very slow with my paper. This is so sad. How about an
open source approach? We write the paper together in this list. Anybody can
join. Every round I post one independent part of the puzzle. Anybody can
comment, contribute. I may post tasks like mathematical calculations,
proofs, literature search, reference notification, good essay skills, etc.
for anyone to undertake. I have the whole story in my head but to make an
academic paper I need to work. Maybe we aim a whitepaper first. Something
that provokes a discussion on some important topics.
I don't know of a paper prepared in a mail list. Does anyone know? Shall we
give it a try? How about I open a thread named Proof of Prophecy for this
purpose. Who is willing to participate/help/comment/criticise?

@_date: 2018-02-22 18:09:24
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
2018-02-13 9:01 GMT+03:00 :
I am sorry once again, I felt the same anytime I watch, read about it.
However, this does not change the fact that Turkish banks have not done the
same in our entire mortgage history. Our banking system was influenced by
the international banking system in the 90's and became less regulated
until it crashed in the famous 2000-2001 crisis. After that the government
let the banks go bankrupt, put the bosses (the shareholders plus
executives) who have been proven to be fraudelent in jail and swithced to a
tightly regulated regime. It costed the political parties who ruled in the
90's a great deal and gave the new party which was born in 2001 the victory
since the 2002 Elections. Since then our banks are as strong as you can
get. They are so strong that the global mortgage crisis affected all the
developed countries profoundly, causing some of them go bankrupt totally
while it did not affect the Turkish financial system significantly. Since
then Turkey races with China in terms of growth. It is not that Turks are
honest people. It is because the banks are regulated. Therefore, when you
use the American Bitcoin propaganda jargon in Turkey it just doesn't make
sense. My father, mother-in-law, my friends just don't seem to be so much
impressed when I explain them Goldman Sucks. They just feel sorry for the
American people who suffered and feel good to see their banks are
trustworthy. Most of them just say that they would of course trust the
banks more than all the coins and ICO's. This is an observation I cannot
deny. I don't mean our banks are perfect. However, they are so impressively
good. They always had the best Internet Banking on the planet. They
developed mobile banking, QRCode based applications  before anyone in the
globe, and  they even supported private ticket/token companies in creative
ways before Bitcoin. We had our own electronic tokens used to buy coffee
before Bitcoin and I could not buy a cup of coffe in Bitcoin at the Bitcoin
Superconference this weekend. Today we have many fin-tech companies
(unfortunately acquired by Internaional players) that were actually born in
Turkey. And all it had to take was just regulate the goddamn sector so that
they have to work hard to earn money via serving people better. And this
was possible because of the 2001 crisis we suffered. We just took the
lesson and applied the obvious solution.
I do not mean let's keep the banks the way they are. However, if we want a
global cryptocurrency system we need to be open to all people and
situations. Banks are a part of the reality we must take into account. Any
currency system to be implemented TODAY should take the banks into account
and treat them as peripheral devices. And I believe that it must be a
robust cash system if it seeks adoption. I don't think a system with 5
transactions per second bandwidth has any legitimate use case as currency
at all.

@_date: 2018-02-22 19:37:39
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
2018-02-19 10:49 GMT+03:00 John Levine :
Can u provide the expired patent if it is easy for you to spot?
When I tried to attack PoW I also jumped to the anti-spam topic, on which I
never worked professionally. I was bothered with the unnecessary energy
consumption at PoW. Then, I thought transaction fees (as in Bitcoin)
provide a better solution. Just like PoS over PoW in consensus. I noticed
that PoW works when it creates an unfair race against the adversary. I
tried to look for ways increasing the unfairness against the adversary. The
problem with tansaction fees would be (i) nobody likes to pay and (ii) who
will receive the money is an issue. I figured out that if the sender pays
the receiver this will increase the unfairness against the attacker because
non-spammers correspond with eachother while the spammers just broadcast.
Alice sends Bob a mail, and Bob sends a mail to Alice. A lightening! of
creation stroke me. Alice mails Bob who mails Charles who mails David who
mails Alice. Since the sender pays the fee to the receiver then honest
users will pay a net cost fluctiating around 0. Taking into account
companies mailing/broadcasting to their clients and receving some responses
will pay a net cost which is OK and the clients will receive some
negligible money for their tiny attention. If a client responds he will
reimburse the mailer. However, the spammer who broadcasts without a
response at all has to pay a lot because the asymmetry is far higher: The
honest pays almost zero under transaction fees that can kill a sapmmer. So
if the sender pays the recevier the system becomes (i) simple, (ii) fair,
and (iii) secure. I got seduced by an ICO opportunity (off the record):
MailCoin. We create MailCoin blcokchain mail system to fight against spam.
It will be based on PoP to be fast. Then I reminded myself that I dont have
time and I have a goddam paper to finish. Then I saw this mail thread
started by me getting to this point.
Can you please provide me feedback about the idea above? Has it been
tried/published/patented? I cannot think of a better solution to fight
spam. Let the sender pay the receiver. The coin company does not get fees
apart from creating the entire amount to liquidify the mail system. It will
be inflationary to fight against volatility. Can be pegged to USD just like
USDT or even better be more stable than USD. The coin of communication
among people. One mail costs 1 MC always. We arrange the cost of 1 MC such
that it remains as the most stable coin in the world. The money created can
be used to develop and maintain the system and maybe apply it to other
means of human communication like sms, phone-calls, etc. My attention is
valuble and so is yours. My attention is a store of value and so is yours.
I think spam phone calls are far worse. I made the mistake of giving my
mobile phone to the management of the residence site from which I purchased
an apartment. Since then I receive calls from real-state brokers like hell.
Then came the insurance agents, hospitals for check-up campaigns, etc. I
seriously decided to change my mobile number which turned out to be
impossible in practice. It was hell and there is no anti-spam for that.
The service providers do not incur extra costs since it is just payment
data attached to the mail and a basic call to the blockchain. The mail
system just checks the validity of the payment through the fast blockchain
based on POP (POP has perfect use case for this) and executes the payment.
There are many ways to implement this scheme, which I leave as
implementation details to be covered in another mail.
1. Would it be a too long journey to put this into SMTP?
2. Should we take this project to IETF, W3C, IEEE, etc.?
3. Would this list work on this project to make sure that it serves the
Internet rather than becomes a speculative token project? Remember that
Bitcoin was born in a mail list environment.
Spam is sooo bad. It is an evil parasite sucking the blood of the Internet.
"This shit's got to go" Jacque Fresco.

@_date: 2018-02-23 11:44:25
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
2018-02-23 1:32 GMT+03:00 sickpig at gmail.com :
people earn money when they read/respond to emails and make you pay to
reach the attention of important people. Therefore, the more popular you
are the more you get when you read and respond. It's basic motive is to
earn money to read and respond to mails. What I propose is the following to
fight spam all over the Internet:
IETF (or W3C/IEEE/EFF) owns a token to be used in mail communication on
sender-pays-recipient scheme. 1 mail costs 1 MC (MailCoin). All emails are
equal, all people are equal. Simple. Normal people who send and receive
emails pay a net cost around zero, those who send a lot of emails to their
clients and receive much less pay a fair amount. Spammers who broadcast and
don't receive die. The effectiveness of this algorithm lies in the fact
that since the costs of emails I receive and send cancel out I will pay a
net cost around zero under a fee that is enough to kill spammers.
If this fee comes from a token owned by IEFT (or a consortium of IETF, W3C,
IEEE, EFF, all the mail service providers like Google, Microsoft, etc. will
support. It can even make it to the SMTP protocol in the long run since it
is simple, fair and secure. I am talking about a little p
The income created by creating and selling the tokens goes to IETF/W3C to
be used to serve the Internet.
Thanks John. I checked both. I propose something different. In fact they
are too complicated and no wonder why they did not succeed. They cannot
make it to the SMTP. My proposal is simple. Just attach a signed script of
payment to the mail. That's it. A simple rule for all mails. It can make it
to the SMTP if IETF or W3C  (or a similar consortium) owns the coin. The
income is spent for the Internet.
6,697,462: "...the system and method forces the money associated with the
bond to be forfeited if the communication is rejected or deemed undesirable
by the recipient. To prevent financially motivated abuse on the part of
recipients, the preferred embodiment forfeits the bond money in favor of a
third party such as a charity or governmental entity, to which the
recipient has no legal obligation."
7,072,943: " An Email guarantee deposit method, system, and program
product, with the method comprising in one embodiment, the steps of:
receiving from a sender a request to send to a recipient an Email;
receiving a deposit or an authorization to obtain a deposit of something of
value; sending the Email to the recipient only if a deposit of
authorization for a deposit is received; determining if the recipient has
accepted the deposit; and if the recipient has accepted the deposit, then
facilitating the disposal of the deposit. In an important alternate
embodiment, a deposit can be required before an Email with a auditory or
visual enhancement is provided, or before routing to a designated type of
device occurs. "
2018-02-23 1:32 GMT+03:00 sickpig at gmail.com :

@_date: 2018-02-23 12:12:35
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
:) Clever! You may be surprised to hear that we did not have the mortgage
system until 2002. Funnily we call the house purchase with bank loans
"mortgage" today to differentiate it from the way you could get loans to
buy a house before the mortgage system. So the name made it to Turkish.
Before 2002 if you wanted to buy a loan to buy a house you had to provide
personal guarantee with stocks or other physical collatoral or a personal
guarantor that the bank guarantees collection from and the mortgage was not
insured. There were no intermediaries, no third parties, no credit
assessment companies, nothing. You and the bank. The house was put under
collatoral gets registered in the deed register immediately. There was no
room for fraud. Therefore the collapse was not due to the mortgage thing.
The basic reason the banks collapsed was banks having to little reserve
fraction and giving loans to their fraudelent sister companies with the
hope to grow these companies and pay back. When the golbal crisis hit
Turkey in 2001 they entered into the vicious cycle hitting the "too little
reserve fraction" wall. Some even took the money to off-shore and tried to
escape when they realised they are going bankrupt. They sort of sucked the
deposits of innocent people to off-shore. It is what we called "hortumlama"
in Turkish. It was a phrase created then meaning something like "sucking
through a hose". They ended up in jail of course. The strong and honest
banks survived the crisis and grew much faster. The parties who made laws
and regulations allowing this never won an election since then. And the
party who sticks to tight regulations have won each and every election
since then. Turkey has a lot to criticise, trust me. But the banking system
is not in the list.

@_date: 2018-02-23 13:31:44
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
2018-02-23 12:43 GMT+03:00 :
I agree. However, I still insist that we must create a crypto system that
should be implemented robustly today. Today we need some of these entities
as peripehrals since the transformation will be an evolutionary process
rather than a revolutionary one. The people we try to convince vary a lot
in terms of priorities, attitudes towards banks, state, etc. We, the
cypherpunks, are soo the minority. James, you don't need to convince me. We
need to convince others. I cannot convince people in Bitcoin with all the
volatility, speculation, a few tx/s bandwidth, environmentally hostile
nature. I cannot convince myself. We need to provide people with something
really useful. Something that solves their issues, addresses their
concerns. It is a hard problem and we cannot afford being arrogant.
Skepticism is the most fundemental thing we need to find a solution. The
more you believe the more you suspect. Until you are free of all faith. You
will be amazed by the imagination/creativity unleashed.
"Imagination is better than knowledge" Albert Einstein.

@_date: 2018-02-26 15:17:44
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] the people's money, not, 
2018-02-25 2:07 GMT+03:00 John Levine :
True. Please google to see that the number of Bitcoin wallets and addresses
are so low that we can conclude Bitcoin is negligibly adopted in comparison
to fiat currencies. Trader statisticians I know tell me that we can safely
say Bitcoin is not adopted. The world population is 7 Billion.  Those who
have Internet connection is Billion scale. What is the number of people who
use Bitcoin? Calculate the percentage to see that it starts with 0.

@_date: 2018-02-27 16:15:17
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paid SMTP (PSMTP) 
I received some remarks and challenges to my proposal for PSMTP. Some
through the mail list, some in private. I researched the anti-spam
state-of-the-art on the web. I checked patents, implementations, services,
products, techniques, etc.
I got fascinated by the term: Final Ultimate Solution to the Spam Problem (
FUSSP). Most pages about FUSSP refer to the famous letter at
 (dated Feb 24,
2004). One such page is  ( Jan 14, 2006).
 is worth reading to
see the attitude of the people in the anti-spam space. This last page has
the following remark: " The existence of this list is proof that the spam
problem will never be solved by the people currently working on it." After
surfing on the subject for 4-5 hours, I accepted this auto-proof. I find
the FUSSP check-list at  to judge any
anti-spam solution useful. I applied it to my proposal (which does not
claim to be Final Ultimate but rather an additional tool in the toolbox). I
think it performed well against the checklist. I could not find any patent
violation, similar proposal, nor any similar implementation (product,
service). Is it because it's a bad idea?  I have the impression that my
naivety on this subject may turn out to be precious. Therefore, I decided
to give an outline of my proposal and open it to discussion.
The whole idea is that a sender-pays-receiver scheme as presented below as
an extension to the current SMTP system will provide a robust tool in our
anti-spam toolbox. The cost per mail is the same for all mails and mail
addresses. It is as low as not hurting honest people/agents but high enough
to kill most of the spam. Let us make it a penny for the sake of clarity in
this introduction.
Alice sends mail to Bob and Bob sends mail to Alice. Or, Alice mails Bob
who mails Charlie who mails David who mails Alice. Normal people will send
and receive emails. Alice pays when she sends and gets paid when she
receives. Her net mail cost will fluctuate around zero if there is a
symmetry. I personally receive more mails than I send. Therefore, my
CommCoin balance will increase negligibly in time. Someone sending more
mails than receive, will have a negligible cost. 100 net mails ( -
 will cost just 1 Dollar. So someone who sends 100 more
mails than receive per month would incur 1$/month cost. Companies may
require their employees to charge their corporate mail addresses themselves
to simplify the model maybe reimbursing some estimation through an increase
in their salaries. In any case, the cost per mail address would be
negligible in comparison to salaries. This would kill spammers because they
broadcast mails in a brute fashion and do not receive any responses.
Imagine 1 million copies of a single spam mail would cost 10 K$.
This scheme works much better than POW because;
i. the race is much more unfair against the spammer (the asymmetry is
significantly higher due to the cancel-out feature of mail fees).
ii. it is more difficult to hack/break a private key stored and used
locally in the Tursted Execution Environment than to gain control of a PC
to outsource PoW, than spoofing, forging, etc.. This raises the bar for the
spammer significantly. Thanks to the cryptocurrency revolution, end-point
private key technology (wallets) has a Cambrian age providing convenient
and secure means of private key utility both on PCs and mobile devices. I
had a face-to-face discussion with Len Veil of Rivetz who is an expert on
TEE, recently. He was convincingly optimistic on the future of end-point
iii. the solution is environmentally friendly.
The email transaction fee schemes proposed so far are either too
complicated to implement or WKBI's based on wrong assumptions as
John Levine nails it on his recent posts in the list. See patents 6,697,462
(expired) 7,072,943 and earn.com, boxbe.com. The proposal below differs
significantly from all of them.
Therefore, the proposed scheme is robust and effective because it is
simple, fair and secure. The higher asymmetry brings enough room to find
the right value for CommCoin to kill spammers with low or no cost to honest
agents. Its simplicity can make it to the SMTP protocol in the long run.
THE SIMPLIFIED PROOF OF CONCEPT
I will simplify things and make simple assumptions to make my proposal
clear in this introductory mail. I will address implementation details in
other mails.
Mission  to fight against spam
Mission  raise funds for the Internet through IETF
Assumption  IETF (or a similar organization to serve the Internet)
accepts my proposal. I make this assumption to make the following easy to
IETF creates and runs a cryptocurrency system called CommCoin (or SMTP Coin
or AttentionCoin or ?)
1 CommCoin (CC) = 0.01 USD. It is pegged to 1 Cent.
The coin state for PSMTP is as follows simply:
The CommCoinAddress Table
1. Table name = "CommCoinAddress"
2. The columns are as follows.
    a. CommCoinAddressId:  PK
    b. MailAddress: Unique, not null, varchar (mail address type: obeys
mail address regex)
    c. CommCoinAddress: Unique, not null, varchar (Imagine we use BIP 38
scheme for private keys. Then this column will store the relevant coin
address produced from the private key according to BIP 38. This address is
derived from the WIF Compressed Public Key. You may consider it as the
Public Key).
    d. CoinBalance: not null, int (since 1 mail costs 1 CC and a mail is
not divisible we cannot have a non-integer balance)
We have two options to process transactions for the State (I assume 100
processor nodes just for clarity. IEFT can decide the number dynamically
for robust global implementation).
Option Replication: the 100 processor nodes have the exact replica of
the CommCoinAddress Table (the Coin State). Imagine leader based ring
consensus algorithm. Leadership moves clockwise. The system runs in
synchronous mode. Each round is a few seconds. Clients contact some
processor nodes for transaction requests which are flooded across via, say,
an appropriate gossip protocol implementation. Then, each round the leader
validates, orders and commits the transaction requests from the mempool,
say, in a block. So the log is a blockchain. Upon successful
broadcast/notification/acknowledgment, all the other nodes register the
block on top of the blockchain, process the transactions in the block in
order and update the state reaching an exact replica. Then the current
leader leaves the microphone to the next leader. We may skip Byzantine for
the sake of PoC (we trust IETF). The processor nodes can have UTC Satellite
receivers for up to 50 nsec accuracy to keep the record of time
synchronously. These nodes are strongly connected and reliable to do a very
simple task. (We can have alternative implementations).
Option Sharding: We can shard the table to the 100 processor nodes. Each
Processor Node will have its own CommCoinAddress Table shard. Every mail
address running in PSMTP mode must have one and only one Shard Processor
Node address denoting where its CommCoinAddress (Balance) is. Sharding will
save us from the issues of replication. However, we need additional
information for the state: The ShardNodeAddress of each mail address. I
would prefer a different table in relation to the CommCoinAddress Table
because this Sharding Table needs replication. It is a good design choice
because sharding node addresses of mail addresses change extremely rarely
if not at all while the CommCoinAddress Table state (balances) changes in
every mail transaction. Therefore, replicating the ShardingTable is trivial
while replicating the CommCoinAddress Table is not. The Sharding Table has
the following columns:
  a. ShardingId: PK
  b. NodeId: FK to relate to the Table of Processor Nodes.
  c. MailAddress: FK to relate to the CommCoinAddress Table.
(Implementation may use the relevant PK as FK)
So our simple data model has three Tables:
1. CommCoinAdress: Managing mail addresses together with their private
key/public key/coin addresses and balances.
2. Node: The table of the processor nodes. (100 records).
3. Sharding: Storing/managing which mail address belongs to which processor
I personally prefer sharding for performance concerns that I address below.
The above-mentioned PSMTP layer sits on top of the SMTP Layer.
A MAIL TRANSACTION SCENARIO
Just for simplicity I only mention desktop and mobile mail clients below.
For the web client scenario, we would still require a local CommCoin wallet
application component, running in the TEE, for security concerns. For the
sake of convenience, it can support other currencies for easy exchange to
fill empty CommCoin balance.
Main Success Scenario:
1. Sender clicks the send button on his mail client.
2. The mail client signs the public key or the CommCoin address (BIP 38) of
the recipient with the private key of the sender (the payment signature).
3. Mail client attaches the payment signature to the mail.
4. Mail client sends the mail to its MSA via SMTP.
5. The rest is SMTP all the way through MTA(s) ending up at the destination
host (MDA of the recipient). I recommend DANE to be safe. Keep in mind that
IETF knows and manages the Processor Nodes and therefore guarantees that
their Certificates are good and there are no intermediaries. IETF also
manages the DNSSec entries accordingly. We have TLSA safety.
6. Before fetching the mail via IMAP or POP3 from its Mail Host (MDA), the
recipient mail client makes a RedeemCoin RPC by using her private key and
the sender's public key to the processor node. Implementation differs for
replicated vs sharded options. In the sharding option contacting your
processor node is enough.
7. In sharding, the processor node checks the redemption data, verifies and
sends the payment transaction to the sender's processor node. The two nodes
process the payment. 1 CommCoin is transferred from the sender's account at
the sender's processor node (shard) to the recipient's address at the
recipient's processor node (shard). In sharding, no involvement of other
nodes is necessary since we don't have replication. Each processor node
sends its client a successful termination notification. In case of the
replication option, the recipient's processor node sends the transaction
commit request to the other nodes and wait for the leader to commit it.
8. Upon receiving successful redemption notification, the recipient mail
client fetches the mail.
The whole idea is to accept the mail if the payment script attached to the
mail can be redeemed. I leave the UC extensions (exception handling) to the
imagination of the readers for the time being since this is the simplified
POC just to explain what I propose.
One huge bonus is to supply the IETF with significant funds to support the
Internet. IETF shall create and sell the coins that will be the blood of
PSMTP system. The Internet must own this CommCoin to fight against spam and
to fund some of its operations.
The same scheme can be applied to any means of communication. SMS,
Phonecall, any message type. My attention is valuable, so is yours. My
attention is a store of value, so is yours. Hence, we can call it
AttentionCoin (AttCoin) rather than CommCoin.
1. Performance bottleneck at the processors.
The number of mail transactions is insanely high. We have to exclude spam,
and non-PSMTP mail traffic, though. At the beginning, we will not have
performance issues since we will have few people getting CommCoin addresses
for their mail addresses. However, we must take into account performance
issues when this thing gets widely adopted.
As I said above my favorite is sharding. I put replication as an
alternative, popular in the crypto world today. Therefore, I will keep
sharding option in answering the performance issues.
a. White-listing
- I receive %90 of my ham emails through my corporate account. 90% of those
come from the within the company. So almost 80% of my incoming mail is
inner-domain. Since our company has its own domain name and since this is
the prevalent scheme I think a great deal of the ham email is inner-domain.
Mail clients can have the default setting of "free inner-domain mailing".
This setting will not apply to gmail, hotmail, etc. of course.
- Optionally, corporation/organization domains can whitelist each other on
admin level. This, I believe can decrease a great deal of processor
transaction volume. (Not crucial though).
- People can keep using personal whitelisting schemes.
If you think about it the PSMTP scheme makes whitelisting easier.
b. Inner-processor transactions
- Mail is geographical. I live in Istanbul. The majority of my emails come
from Istanbul. More than 80% come from Turkey. I believe the global people
form the very minority when it comes to ham email. The fact that "the more
global a mail is the more important and famous it is" gives the wrong
feeling that the vast majority of ham e-mail traffic is international. Spam
mail is international. Ham mail is extremely local in comparison. This
means the vast majority of my ham email transactions will take place in the
same processor node. Since sharding requires no replication this is a huge
network performance gain.
c. Inter-processor transactions.
I have a love/hate relationship with distributed systems and my technique
is to escape distribution whenever I can. Most "decentralized" consensus
ideas I have heard at the Bitcoin Ethereum Superconference don't take into
account network effects. I find this amazing.
The inter-processor transactions take place between the nodes of the sender
and the recipient only. Don't bother with the other nodes. Remember,
sharding requires no replication. We can apply all the enhancements of
sending transactions in packages rather than one by one, etc.
Other enhancement techniques are beyond the scope of this mail.
2. How about mail lists? They would not like to pay significant transaction
fees. They are good spammers:).
When a user subscribes to a mail list he puts the mail list address
to his white-list and acknowledges that the mail list will not attach
payment script to emails. Therefore, its mail client skips redeem process
for the mails from the list. It has to skip if the user wants to get mails
from the list. White-listing an address is much easier than subscribing to
a mail list. We can provide automatic and one-click convenient ways to do
that. So anyone who bothers to subscribe to a mail list will
probably whitelist it. Since mail list white-listing so seldom I don't see
it as a problem.
3. "Requires immediate total cooperation from everybody at once"
People can use PSMTP and SMTP simultaneously for the same mail address.
However, we must spread the word and make it a trend, fashion, cause or
whatever to get their mail addresses registered to PSMTP. PSMTP enabled
mail addresses should look cool. We may think of campaigns, incentives to
accelerate adoption. I am not an expert on this thing. This is an issue I
am not comfortable with. All parties who are against spam should join
forces. Spam is a parasite sucking the blood of the Internet. We must find
a way to convince honest Internet users to do this trivial job.
4.  Public reluctance to accept weird new forms of money
Cryptocurrency revolution is promising. We can have a bootstrapping effect
to provide a useful robust cryptocurrency (CommCoin) to help cryptocurrency
adoption which in turn may help us with PSMTP adoption.
5. Huge existing software investment in SMTP
PSMTP sits on top of SMTP and does not require any changes to SMTP nor MTAs.
6. Spammers will find a way
Well, we have DANE, and Cryptocurrency revolution today. Past failures are
important to read. However, timing is important in technology. I believe
that if we add the PSMTP scheme through IETF via CommCoin, keeping the
current anti-spam techniques as well, we have a significant chance to do
something big for the Internet.
If you read all the way here, your feedback is precious.
"This shit's got to go" Jacque Fresco

@_date: 2018-02-28 13:53:39
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paid SMTP (PSMTP) 
2018-02-27 22:53 GMT+03:00 John Levine :
First thing's first. Thank you for your time. I appreciate it.
Let me answer your questions in an order providing a train of thought.
Let me repeat: " ...my proposal (which does not claim to be Final Ultimate
but rather an additional tool in the toolbox) ". I also stated explicitely
that PSMTP lives simultaneously with SMTP. So by definition I am not
proposing a FUSSP covering the entire mail space.
Anyone who is not capable of installing, filling, using a crypto wallet
cannot be a part of PSMTP. They can continue with SMTP. Granma can keep
mailing her granchildren in SMTP.
* Spammer Y claims that Hacker X broke into his account and sent $100
Yes he pays. I don't have to tell the difference. Security is crypto wallet
level. If you lose your private keys you lose your CommCoins just like
Bitcoin. You would admit as a cryptographer that crypto-wallets and
cryptocurrency use cases increased end-point security significantly. This
raises the bar a lot for the spammer.
Again, I have to repeat that my proposal is not a FUSSP. It does not cover
GMail, Yahoo have nothing to do here. I have explicitely written that you
have a crypto wallet installed on your PC and Mobile. It is that crypto
wallet that takes care of the coin (PSMTP) business through your CommCoin
private keys. One can think of a HD key scheme to manage multiple PSMTP
registered mail accounts. We will need some integration here, I admit. But
the integration will not involve Gmail into financial relations. My money
is at the CommCoin Network and I reach it through my private key(s) that I
manage locally through my wallet app.
Again, my proposal is not a FUSSP. Anyone that cannot afford a penny cannot
use PSMTP. However, the aim is to make spam less profitable. What is the
point of spaming a poor guy in India who cannot afford a penny? If you have
the ability to find a way to sell him Cialis, you are wasted at spam
* The vast majority of non-spam mail is sent in bulk, some through
I thought I covered that. The answer is white-listing, ie putting the
sender in the exception list. Let me repeat below.
"2. How about mail lists?...
When a user subscribes to a mail list he puts the mail list address
to his white-list and acknowledges that the mail list will not attach
payment script to emails. Therefore, its mail client skips redeem process
for the mails from the list. It has to skip if the user wants to get mails
from the list. White-listing an address is much easier than subscribing to
a mail list. We can provide automatic and one-click convenient ways to do
that. So anyone who bothers to subscribe to a mail list will whitelist it.
Since mail list white-listing is so seldom I don't see it as a problem."
Therefore, the mail list would not add a payment script. The recipient will
accept the mail without contacting the PSMTP node because it is in the
exception list (white list). You can remove the sender address from the
white-list anytime, for example when you unsubscribe. Hacker X can't claim
that I subscribed to his mail list because I do it in my mail client or
wallet app. I manage my contacts. Imagine the following algorithm run by
the mail client-wallet couple
IF (the sender is white listed)
  Fetch the mail
ELSE IF (payment script not included)
  Apply my non-white SMTP settings
ELSE IF (syntax valid AND I am the receviver of the CommCoin (I use my
private key))
  IF (RedeemCoin())
     Fetch the mail
  ELSE
     Reject the mail
   Reject the mail
Please note that all the reject mail scenarios above end in black listing
of the spammer as I mention below.
* What is the overall capacity of your scheme?  If it's under 10,000
Think of a solution that spots the spammer at the first instance of a spam
mail from him and then forwarding him to the routine blacklisting
procedures we already have. That would be scary for any spammer. Now let's
see if we can do that with PSMTP.
A wallet keeps track of money. That's what it does. A CommCoin wallet never
signs invalid payment scripts. An empty wallet signature is invalid. Its
security is to the level of keeping private keys secret. Therefore, if a
spammer wants to attack the system from an empty wallet, he would do it via
an invalid script, it will be spotted as a spammer by the system at the
first such attempt. The PSMTP system will then apply DNS Black Listing
procedures as well as push the PSMTP blacklisting data to the relevant
MTA's. Therefore, the same address cannot send a second spam. Not to
mention that the empty address is deleted from the PSMTP DB. So the
simplest version of the requirement is that a PSMTP address is allowed to
have empty account but is prohibited to try to use it. You can try to use
an empty account once before it gets deleted. The spammer would not bother
with PSMTP and sail towards SMTP. The very existence of anti-spam
techniques like greeting delay, greylist temporary rejection, nolisting,
quit detection all show that when there is a little bit of trick in the
mail transaction, spammers don't bother and move on to another mail address
in their list where the process runs in a less tricky manner. That is the
essence of brut force. PSMTP trick is much harder to cope with than those
at the presented techniques. And PSMTP applies balcklisting measures
immediately while these techniquies do not. I could easliy imagine that the
PSMTP threat would cause spammers to stay away. How about a minimum opening
deposit requirement of 100 CC (1 $) on top of that? This although not
necessary, would further scare spammers away while 1 $ is nothing for
someone who would prefer the privildge of PSTMP.
I certainly have to admire the chutzpah of someone who, having seen
When I saw so many patent applications and failures based on stamp/postage
scheme to fight spam by so many experts in the field the feeling I get is
"this is a good idea waiting for the right time". History is full of good
ideas that failed until the right time has come. Technolgy history is no
different. The right time provides right conditions where prerequisites to
succesful implementation/adoption are met. You can see so many failures and
conclude the idea is completely bad or you can see so many experts having
tried over and over again and may still conclude that it is a good idea
waiting for the right conditions. I believe the cryptocurrency revolution
is the key difference against past trials. This revolution made wallets
convenient to the computer literate people who would be the first adopters
of PSMTP. I see a lot of development activity at wallet/ledger and TEE
spaces. I don't see a reason why we shouldn't get the convenience-security
level of end-point/wallet private key + ledger schemes to anti-spam.
Besides my proposal is different form all the past implementations I have
seen. They either lack the cyrptocurrency-wallet approach or go for the
wrong direction of paying high amounts to important people (earn.com). None
involved an organization like IETF. Adding DANE to the list of differences
now, I think there may be a chance this time.
One other aspect of PSMTP is that it does not posess any false positive nor
false negative as long as private keys are safe.
Once you've figured these out, we have lots more questions to ask.
If you take your precious time, I will do same. After all, this is a
constructive discussion.

@_date: 2018-02-28 14:33:55
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paid SMTP (PSMTP) 
2018-02-28 9:00 GMT+03:00 Kevin W. Wall :
That's a good point. However, I must repeat that my proposal is not a
FUSSP. Therefore, It does not claim to solve all spam. Mail lists are not
covered in PSMTP i.e. if you subscribe to a mail list with your PSMTP
registered mail address, you white list the mail list address. Mail list
admins should keep fighting the spam with current tools.
I don't have any mail list administration experience. However, requesting
PSMTP posts from subscribers can be interesting. The very existence of
anti-spam techniques like greeting delay, greylist temporary rejection,
nolisting, quit detection all show that when there is a little bit of trick
in the mail transaction, spammers don't bother and move on to another mail
address in their list where the process runs in a less tricky manner. That
is the essence of brut force. Even though the fee is small it still may be
enough for some spammers to sail to less tricky waters.
*Greeting delay*  A sending server is required to wait until it has
received the SMTP greeting banner before it sends any data. A deliberate
pause can be introduced by receiving servers to allow them to detect and
deny any spam-sending applications that do not wait to receive this banner.
*Temporary rejection*  The greylisting
 technique is built on the fact
that the SMTP  protocol allows for
temporary rejection of incoming messages. Greylisting temporarily rejects
all messages from unknown senders or mail servers  using the standard 4xx
error codes.[10]
 All
compliant MTAs will proceed to retry delivery later, but many spammers and
spambots will not retry, but move on to the next address in their list
rather than waste time re-sending to an address that has already exhibited
a problem.
You may read  page to see
Once again PSMTP is something you can use if you need to. I believe
spammers would stay away from PSMTP with the fear of immediate blacklist
action as explained in my response to John Levine. There will be enough
space for the spammers in the SMTP world for a long time. Besides an PSTMP
address probably belongs to a very anti-spam user. You would not spam
somone like that where you can get blacklisted easily. PSMTP will help
spammers to spot those not to spam.

@_date: 2018-02-28 16:13:03
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paid SMTP (PSMTP) 
First, your mail has gone to my spam box at Gmail, which funnily shows we
must do better anti-spam. Well, PSMTP does not suffer false positive.
On Wed, Feb 28, 2018 at 12:27 AM, Bertrand Mollinier Toublet <
Let me repeat that my proposal does not claim to be Final Ultimate but
rather an additional tool in the toolbox. It does not cover the entire mail
space, and it is there to be used alongside with the current anti-spam
tehcniques like white-listing, black-listing, grey listing, etc. I had
written these points in several parts in my mail explicitly.
I think we are offering a cryptographic solution to anti-spam.
a) can I ever get to a point where I can outright reject non-paid email, as
Looking at the PSTMP world from the point of view of an SMTP view is the
problem. Imagine PSMTP has fair adoption. A PSMTP user would be inclined to
managing whitelists. I have suggested efficient ways of whitelisting,
involving inner-domain default, domain scale whitelisting for
corporate/organization domains together with all the successful schemes
currently available. If a mail comes from someone not in my whitelist and
not with a payment script then I reject it. Then the sender is notified
that "he is not included in the whitelist and he should send a PSMTP mail".
If PSMTP is adopted, a non-spammer would spare a penny to resend the mail
by just clicking the "Resend with PSTMP" button. They can whitelist each
other later. We can have features like mutual whitelisting. I have admitted
that I do not know how to run a campaign to make it adopted. However, since
it will help honest mail users like you and me, adoption is for our
benefit. PSMTP together with whitelisting/blacklisting can work if we have
I think it is fair to start with standard cryptocurrency wallet scheme and
evolve with it. Today we have companies like Rivetz developing SDK's to
access TEE even on standard mobile devices. I think wallet developers are
getting more security day by day.
c) if I dont require a TEE, then Im subject to theft of the sender
CommCoin accounts would have far less money than Bitcoin accounts. Anyone
with the ability to hack cryptocurrency wallets would be wasted in spam
business. The way the whole crypto-thing goes, if we can't get end-point
private key security then spam will not make it to the list of our major
IETF creates and sells the coins in the first place and does not get any
transaction fees. The sender pays the receiver 1 CC per mail. I thought I
made it crystal clear in my proposal.
:)) I had read the whole page before my post and I even attached the link.
Although my proposal declares missing the FU part of FUSSP, I still judge
myself on the list. Read the
carefully, though.

@_date: 2018-01-05 15:53:32
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
Reversibility is a requirement which cannot be denied in systems addressing
real-world scenarios as Henry Baker beautifully explains in a recent post
in this mail list. In Turkey life-threatening ransomware occasions
involving Bitcoin is increasing day-by-day. The adversaries have taken
million Dolar scale Bitcoins from innocent people and Turkey is new to
Bitcoin. The police can capture the guys that physically attacked and
captured victims and took their Bitcoin. That is the easy part. However,
Bitcoins are gone and the State cannot get them back. All they can do is
send the attackers to jail for 1-3 years. There are so many guys in Turkey
that have nothing to lose and that would indeed wish to stay in jail for
some time and getting out rich is a gigantic bonus. You cannot scare them
with legal stuff. So Bitcoin ransomware crimes are only increasing here.
This has proven to be universal. Just Google "Bitcoin ransomware". And it
is a real, big problem. I find the cryptocurrency community ignoring this
issue amazing.
We cannot ask people to apply Winklevoss Twins' solution which dramatically
proves the necessity of reversibility. The only universally applicable way
to resolve this issue is reversibility. We must acknowledge that state has
legitimate use cases. In order to use state in this use case, we need a
reversibility mechanism in Bitcoin (and cryptocurrencies in general). A
legitimate currency (crypto or not) must allow reversibility at least as an
option to its users. Reversibility can be anchored to relevant State tools
(such as courts). I as a Bitcoin supporter and user should have the right
to use such an option. Anybody who wants to transact with me also has the
same right to choose that option.
I am working on a paper proposing a new protocol to Bitcoin called Proof of
Trust (POT) (and Proof of Prophecy (POP) as a special case) where I address
the issue of reversibility as well as efficiency, privacy, security, and
I must say that Iang is on the right track because an application level
Trusted Third Party or a protocol level Anchor is needed for a solution to
2018-01-04 23:30 GMT+03:00 iang :

@_date: 2018-01-10 13:14:10
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Decentralized Vs Distributed Blockchain 
Dear Fransisco,
I am working on a paper proposing a new protocol to Bitcoin. That answers
your question in more detail. I will share with you a draft. In the
meantime, I am tired of coding non-stop for a long time and I wanted to
give a break writing below:
Back to basics:
The basic logical components of a distributed ledger system are the initial
conditions, the log, the state, the transactions, the nodes and the agents
(client/processor) (key pairs/addresses, IDs, hash-pointers, IP addresses,
etc.). A transaction is what changes the state of the system.  The log
(ledger) is an ordered list of transactions. The state is the minimum
information that describes the system at a given time (snapshot) fully so
that we can deterministically compute the next version through a valid
transaction. The state beautifully describes our context. It is the model
of the system instance providing the snapshot.  As a result, given the
initial conditions and the ordered log of transactions you get the system
state at any given time.
In Bitcoin (as the most famous example) the genesis block is the initial
conditions, the block-chain is the ledger of the system and this makes it
the log. The UTXO Database is the state (who owns what), Bitcoin
transactions are the transactions, Bitcoin private and public keys and the
addresses formatted from public keys are the key pairs/addresses. Then we
have the IP addresses of the nodes etc.
(sorry for very brief, informal, personal definitions).
Some brainstorming:
1. Key pair creation can be a decentralized process thanks to the practical
impossibility of collision (we randomly select very high numbers from an
unfathomably large value space). Key-pair usage can also be decentralized.
We can have sort of centralization/organization/hierarchy for
efficiency/implementation purposes though.
2. The log and the state must be replicated across some of the nodes.
Otherwise, the system is not distributed. Not all of the nodes for the sake
of efficiency.
3. Transactions: We need a verification algorithm to decide if a
transaction is valid and can be committed. (a) Is the syntax good?  (b) Is
the signature valid? (c) Is the money, to be spent, present in UTXO? etc.
Some of these questions like (a) and (b) can be answered in a decentralized
manner. The validity of the syntax or the private key does not require
contacting a central authority. However, the question (c) is tricky. We
have to touch the state of the system. Here the question becomes "is this a
double spend" in a cryptocurrency context? This is what made Bitcoin novel.
Solving the double spend problem in a "decentralized!?" manner. I feel bad
about using words like "decentralized" whose meaning is not settled and
defined to the satisfaction of the scientific literature. The Bitcoin
solution based on POW was sort of decentralized at the beginning when
individuals could do mining on their PC's and even laptops at home. But
Bitcoin mining is very centralized today. The majority of the mining
algorithm instances run on machines that do not even hold (and thus check)
the blockchain for a double spend attempt. These miners have outsourced the
task of holding and checking the ledger or deciding what transactions from
the mempool to process to their pool managers. Today a few pool manager
guys literally hold the majority power of POW to prevent double spending
(and also transaction selection).
Let us consider a scenario to check the decentralization of Bitcoin. The
state is the UTXO DB and it is the component that runs on memory, and the
ledger is on disk. For performance concerns, these pool managers' systems
don't continuously check the ledger but the UTXO DB while working on the
next block. Instead, they try to keep the UTXO DB secure once it is formed
from the ledger. If a hacker is able to modify the UTXO DB he can arrange
new checksums to pass integrity checks. He can insert a single UTXO record
to the UTXO DB of a few mining pool managers which run the same system and
form 51% of hash power, then spending that UTXO in a swap transaction set
which may involve sidechains. The transaction will make it to the next
block and cause fraudulent acquisition of assets of innocent people until
the hard fork becomes too obvious and requires the intervention of the
Bitcoin core development team signing the valid checkpoint block against
the longest chain if the mining pools insist on the chain not to lose money
and blaming security issues of the bitcoin development team. Funnily, the
attacker would have the other part of the swap transaction mined on the
other blockchain which makes it completely valid. Indeed, Bitcoin core team
endorses checkpoint blocks periodically as proposed by Nakamoto himself
much later. The ratio of full nodes that check the ledger validity
continuously has dropped tremendously and this is a problem. Can we talk
about the power of POW based decentralization for security here? We have
two central authorities in this scenario: The mining pool managers and the
Bitcoin core development team. You can think of other scenarios
illustrating centralization in Bitcoin. We will have the same power
consolidation process in exchanges when evolution towards centralization
will be obvious there too. Exchanges are sooo important and soo powerful.
This is the heart of the decentralization and trustlessness issue in the
cryptocurrency context. Can we obtain a decentralized/trustless way to
prevent double spend? If we can achieve a unique ordering of valid
transactions we can reject the second attempt of spending the same token.
This is the distributed consensus problem. How do we achieve consistency in
the state of the system? We are limited to the CAP Theorem. We can relax
Consistency and have eventual consistency. This is what Bitcoin does. At
any given point in time different clients can see different block-chain
versions, however, if we wait enough (long in Bitcoin), we hope that all
these forks will unite. However, no matter how eventual, consistency
requires determinism which requires authority. Authoritative components of
algorithms at runtime. Let me repeat: We need authoritative algorithms to
get determinism. Authoritative algorithms don't materialize and run
themselves. We need authority resources to run these algorithms. This
dictates that a degree of centralization/authority/trust-resource is
inevitable. I use the term "anchor" in my paper. Anchors may involve secret
keys. And for the sake of robustness, the system will evolve to more
hierarchical. Remember that Internet itself started as Peer-to-Peer and it
got sooo hierarchical. Same happened to e-mail. Today e-mail routing,
storing and using all happens in the cloud on a deep hierarchy of
organizations/servers, etc. Today we can't help deep surveillance by a
handful of companies.
The above was brainstorming introduction to relaxing the
decentralization/trustlessness myth. I think this is what is needed to
start designing a robust DL or Blockchain system. I think this is why the
most famous BC implementation is not robust. I think the heart of the
problem is the distributed consensus algorithm. This is where we see a lot
of paper/patent activity recently. I started using eyeglasses last month
because of them:) Why in the world do they print those papers like that?
2018-01-08 20:21 GMT+03:00 Francisco Hernndez Parga <
f.hernandez.parga at gmail.com>:

@_date: 2018-01-29 00:37:16
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] DAG vs Blockchain 
2018-01-27 19:45 GMT+03:00 Valentin Pasquale :
Pow, pos, dpos, etc. all have the same problem when it comes to security.
When you are in the ocean, you cannot anchor to something made of or
convertible to water. If you anchor to an iceberg, the attackers just melt
it. In a financial system, you cannot anchor to anything made of or
convertible to money. Pos, pow, etc suffer because stake is made of
money, electricity is convertible to money. So all the cryptocurrencies are
vulnerable to a super-rational attack involving enough stake/power. I call
this the AR Theorem (Anchorlessness-Robustness) in my paper. I show that
you cannot achieve both Anchorlessness and Robustness at the same time. I
define Robustness with components like efficiency, super-rational attack
resilience, etc. Funnily, we have an anchorage that we amazingly ignore. An
anchorage you cannot buy, bribe, corrupt. An anchorage that everybody on
this list trust. An anchorage that can be used to randomly create and use
secret keys that secures the system. It is right there next to us. We just
don't see it because we don't raise our heads. And we keep paying an
amazingly huge technical debt to get vulnerable and poor systems:) This is
a manifestation of the importance of skepticism, the fuel of science. Zero
tolerance to fanaticism. We, the scientists, should never give up being
skeptical about the things that we believe the most. That is the essence of
paradigm shifts, which brought humanity here, whose frequency needs to

@_date: 2018-06-22 10:44:48
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Security model of blockchains ? 
John Levine , 28 May 2018 Pzt, 23:14 tarihinde unu yazd:
I think the boundary of the blockchain security model is drawn by the
super-rational attack, where it is far from trivial to detect the system is
under attack, and there is no defense mechanism due to the
anchor-to-iceberg problem inherent in the design. I summarize below my
previous post on the subject:
1. The Establishment (Gov+FED+Banks+Corproteuracy) is under the threat of
disruption by Bitcoin.
2. It fights back for survival when this threat becomes serious.
3. It has enough power (money) to get more than 50% hash power.
The attack scenario:
1. The attacker (the Establishment) gains the majority hash-power to rule
the longest chain. Deciding what transactions to select from the mempool,
deciding the next block.
2. The attacker forms sybil agents. This is trivial. Thanks to
permisionlessness:) Bitcoin indeed recommends everyone to create sybil
agents for each transaction (key pairs/addresses).
3. The attacker fuels its sybil agents with a constant (not much) amount of
4. Sybil agents flood the system with valid transaction requests with
transaction fees varying slightly above the average.
5. Sybil miners select these valid sybil transactions filling the entire
block space and denying most if not all of the honest transactions.
6. Sybil miners send the transaction fees back to the sybil agents through
atomic swap, zero knowledge, etc. pathways escaping tracking. Thanks to
7. The feedback loop provides the vicious cycle which helps the attacker
sustain an infinite loop attack with a constant amount of money. We all
know that no one (not even Bitcoin) survives an infinite loop.
Since Bitcoin is censor-proof, your coin equals mine, all valid
transactions are equal, it is legitimate that transaction fees can
determine the choice from the mempool and that the system is based on
dont-trust-the-miners game theoretical approach; there is no solution to
the above attack scenario. Actually, it would be non-trivial to understand
the system is under attack. I could not find a solution in Bitcoin. I
shared it with top technical guys this weekend at the Bitcoin Ethereum
Superconference in Dallas. And none provided an answer. Some said it is
mathematically impossible to find a solution and admitted that it is a
serious problem. One very famous, legendary developer said that this is not
a problem because such an attack will not happen. He was drunk and I did
not take him seriously apart from the observation that people can become
very religious on scientific topics. I forwarded this observation as a
warning to myself.
The above scenario owes its success to the feedback loop from the miners
back to the sybil agents. Otherwise, we would not bother the cost of 51%
hash-power. Just send valid transaction requests involving higher
transaction fees to flood the system. As long as you do not control the
blockchain you may keep spending transaction fees irreversibly and cannot
guarantee to block the entire chain. Miners (pool managers) aware of the
attack may collaborate to deny your transactions not to lose their business
in the long term. That feedback loop is possible because POW is based on a
scheme based on a fair race against the adversary. This makes it easy for
the attacker to acquire the authoritative power on the system. Amazing
design insisted with the assumption that the powerful target to disrupt
will not attack back for survival!
There are other less costly, more effective super-rational attack scenarios
involving speculative approaches and it can easily be shown that the
superrational attacker can get the entire cryptocurrency space down easily
through the vicious-cycle scheme described above together with helper
methods. The attacker can use its Exchange in collusion with its sybil
miners to selectively allow rushes from Bitcoin towards the target currency
(say USD). In this scenario, everybody would run to save their precious
money not giving a damn to Bitcoin.
Long story short: PoW is a bad idea to be used on the processor side. It is
an extremely inefficient way to secure the system. If use PoW (I dont
recommend at all) use only when you can provide any degree of an unfair
race against the attacker (client side). Even then it has its own issues.
POS and DPOS are also vulnerable to the above attack because the
super-rational attacker can get the majority of the stake and as we learned
from our democracy practice money gets the votes. people vote for
candidates they do not know in person. They vote based on incentives,
lotteries advertised in campaigns. The super-rational attacker with more
money (and gain) would propose more, campaign better to attract more votes.
Secret services (like CIA) have such professional spies and entities that
it will be impossible for us to identify their real identities. They span
the entire space of people from selling hotdog on the street to presidents
of countries. It would be naive to guarantee that DPOS will never allow
money to get majority stake. Indeed, this weekend, I challenged Stan
Larimer (the godfather of Bitshares) face to face in a friendly manner
among his fans with the above attack scenario and he could not provide a
solution and said lets forward this to Dan giving me his email.
This is what I call the anchor-to-iceberg problem. If you anchor to an
iceberg, the attacker with enough energy can just melt it down. POW, POS,
DPOS all anchor to things that are convertible to money. This allows the
super-rational attacker to gain control of the system provided that it has
enough money to spare. This combined with the game-theoretical,
permisionless, censor-proof, privacy-seeking system dictates the fact that
any crypto-currency system immune to super-rational attack must anchor to
something that gives the hard promise like the sun rising every morning
from the east and going down every evening on the west. A very simple
promise. But a hard one to break. A hard promise that you cannot break with

@_date: 2018-06-25 15:58:38
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Security model of blockchains ? 
grarpamp , 25 Haz 2018 Pzt, 04:31 tarihinde unu yazd:
I believe, hope and wish the same. However, I try hard to remain skeptical.
We need coin-secularism in the space. We should separate our faith in our
coins and the space from our technical/scientific works.
As i mentioned i dont mean super-rational attack will absolutely take place
or try to forecast what will happen if it does. The process and space are
too complex for a serious forecast attempt.
However, I see super-rational attack as a boundary case worth discussing
for the blockchain security model. And the probability of such an attack is
significant enough. If we compute the necessity of SRA discussion as
probability X severity then we conclude significant necessity.
Let me explain what i mean by sr attack with an example.Let us imagine a
super-rational attack to, say, Dash. I chose Dash because BTC, BCH, ETH,
EOS might attract high emotions today. Dash is good. Not too big, not too
small, have the power of master-nodes, etc. Getting majority hash power
means buying majority master nodes stake. BTC threat was obvious for the SR
Attacker when Dash was born, and there was enough time window for it to
focus on the disruption threat. Then the powerful smart attacker would not
wait until today for its possible defensive-attack plan because it would be
awfully more costly and difficult. Instead, it would get majority master
nodes at its birth phase when the costs were peanuts. Stay dormant. It does
not cost a thing plus you make  money in terms of honest, good colour coin
(your fuel) and build reputation, which you will need for a super-rational
attack. If the coin explodes to become a threat, your investment-at-birth
gives huge profit to fuel the attack. A beautiful paradox. Nakamoto says
then keep making money by playing by the rules. Ok for the honest
investor but remember the SR attacker has infinitely higher gain by
destroying its disrupter. It is called survival. This phenomenon deserves a
separate philosophical discussion involving evolution. A nice chicken-egg
debate running forward rather than backward.
SR attack is not an acute-only attack. It is indeed chronical (with acute
episodes). The SRA would comprise the remarkable miners/masters of the
target coin, it would attack, if it is wise enough to take the first step
with good rather than stupid timing. BTC tragedies like block-size battle
and BTC-BCH holy war might be a sr attack episode. Causing such increases
at tx fees is trivial by sr attacker and the space has proven vulnerability
to such an attack. SR attack can take years. Maybe we should not use the
word attack. English is my second language, can someone offer a better
phrase for super-rational attack, which sounds Turkish-English:)
That is why I call the SR attack as the boundary of blockchain security
model, which is based on privacy, game theroy, trustlessness(!),
decentralization, etc. It shows that if the powerful target to disrupt did
steer its focus on the threat on time after the mortgage meltdown aftermath
then the blockchain cryptocurrency space has a paradox sitting as a bomb at
the heart of its security model which i try to explain at SR-attack
phenomenon. The only hope is to anchor to something immune to sr attack or
hope the SR attacker and the space will co-evolve to something that they
become compatible or even one. A sort of singularity as in AI-human
That being said let us do some thought exercise on below:
Legit users might statistical detect which miners are not mining
Not mining lower fee txs is a normal/legit behavior. The sr attacker can
adjust attack period/duration, timing, growth, tx fee amount, etc.
parameters in such a way that detecting the system is under attack
statistically might be far from trivial. U may imagine the sr attacker
getting the majority hash power in terms of pools providing better
incetives to its members, as well. In case honest miners can detect and
collaborate, any fee they can get from the sybil nodes on the longest chain
is removed from the attacker's loop. However, remember the sr attacker is
much more powerful then the honest miners (and even the entire space) and
hold its breath longer. Furhermore, the block size is limited, the longest
chain rules, and the solution must be algorithmic + decentralized.
Such attackers will have massive non recyclable energy cost,
The sr attacker uses legitimate mining energy as a reputable miner/pool
manager/masternode, etc. Even if it were to cover up the energy spent the
percentage of such costs should be negligible compared to total costs it
has + the attacker is unfathomably huge and complex. There is plenty of
space for cover-up. We should not be fooled with cases like Iran-gate that
such staff always gets caught (tip of the iceberg phenomenon) or even if we
the cypherpunks catch them the public will get mobilized against the
etablishment to sufficient degree.
I am a reputation systems believer and fan. The above is not as easy as it
sounds. I have a lot to write about it but I have limited time. Privacy,
legitimacy of high tx fee based choice, etc all make it algorithmically
impossible to detect valid/honest tx from invalid/sybil tx in a sr attack
FUD and speculation causing positive feedback mechanisms help collapse the
target coin with sustainable attack volume. Less than required for the
mortgage meltdown remedy. Globe has proven to be large enough to absorb the
trilllion-dollar scale shock emission. The globe is even bigger today.
There is enough room for de-emission (burning back) phases. Besides the sr
attacker would obviously take the stake at the early phases of the target
coin except BTC. BTC has the priviledge to be the first ever successful
If you controll the longest chain u have the power to select the txs. when
people panic due to legitimate reasons like high tx fees, they would run
towards the exit. And when they do they would instinctively follow the exit
sign, not the fire-danger/risk sign. Not all of the coin holders are
cypherpunks like u and me:) we r the very minority in this thing and that's
a good thing. The investors, speculators, the poor guy whos is here just to
make money, lambo dreamer, moonwalker, none will hear our calls as they
run. Besides all, remember the Dash scenario. How about this? The SR
attacker missing the train almost at BTC and not in the remaining coins
like Dash etc. could allow u to run from BTC to any of its coins where you
run into a smaller cage. Can the entire space of investor whales and poor
users collaborate to fight it? That is a huge question mark form me.

@_date: 2018-03-01 11:58:14
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paid SMTP (PSMTP) 
2018-02-28 20:53 GMT+03:00 John Levine :
Cryptographic wallets will make it to the mainstream soon. It is not
visionary to imagine all smartphones equipped with a wallet in the near
future. If you consider P-SMTP as a solution for the past, or even today,
it fails. If you consider it as a solution for the future, the whole thing
Think of a very near future where private key based apps running in TEE on
mobile devices and PC's is ubiqutous. This month, I will start development
using a SDK that gives me access to TEE on mobile devices. Did you know
that it existed today? Well this is a totally different story than that in
the past. We should use this opportunity to fight spam. It is obvious that
forcing the spammer to crack private keys in end-point TEE is raising the
bar so much that spam will be out. Such a skilled attacker will no longer
be called a spammer. Therefore, I request you, someone remarkable in the
anti-spam camp, to think about a cryptocurrency-wallet based solution to
Thank you for Bitbounce recommendation. I read their whitepaper. Here are
the issues I found at first glance.
(i) They offer a complicated scheme of paying various amounts to various
people, important people asking for more money to accept your mail, even
more to respond, not providing a solution to guaranteing that it is the
famous person that is really taking time to write the reply, rather than a
secretary and/or bot.
(ii) The main problem is adoption. The spam problem is the problem of the
entire Internet. I expect a wide consortium of the ecosystem led by IETF
(or the like) to achieve a successful attack on spam. If we can get Google,
Microsoft, Apple, Yahoo, etc. on board, I think adoption is possible.
Integration with current mail clients and services is key. We are lucky
that a handful of companies provide the vast majority of mail
clients/services. Adding companies like Facebook, Linked-in, Twitter, etc. can
be interesting. The adoption problem cannot be solved by a desperate, small
ICO trying to make money competing/fighting against animals of same size.
(iii) Their token is ERC20 based and this obliges them to rely on Ethereum.
This causes a scaling problem. They acknowledge it. They say they hope
blockchain sharding will be implemented by core Ethereum team some day.
This would not be enough of course. The basic problem is decentralization.
POW is horrible and POS is not enough. They are aware of that as well and
claim that they can think of off-chain solutions. They think of moving to
another blockchain like Tezos if Ethereum fails. My proposal stays away
from decentralized blockchains. I cannot understand why the experienced
developers on board decided to rely on Ethereum. What an obvious design
mistake! Probably they were after token sale and ERC20 was the most popular
way to get funded. This design choice proves that they did not believe in
wide adoption in the mid term.
(iv) they have a hopeless adoption scheme. Spamers can expoit it to get
incentives to distribute bitbounce to sybil accounts. They do not provide a
solution to this problem other than using buzzwords like KYC. Well, even I
wouldn't be that naive to call for KYC to fight spam:)
(v) proprietary, closed source, patent applying approach is not the way to
fight spam.
They have a good team though. Having Tim Draper as an investor is
interesting. The technical team is cool and experienced. They are on right
track on sharding bitbounce DB to scale. They have completed their ICO
stage successfully. I believe they will fail to fight spam, however, I'll
try not to underestimate them.

@_date: 2018-03-01 18:33:47
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paid SMTP (PSMTP) 
Questions I received show that I failed explaining the P-SMTP world to
some of the people in the list. This is a further clarification.
Before you read, mark the following:
1. P-SMTP world is different. You should take your SMTP glasses before you
take a look at it.
2. P-SMTP seeks how to utilize recent revolutions like cryptocurrency,
end-point TEE, DANE to fight spam.
When I register my mail address to P-SMTP my current contacts/whitelists
are added to white-list automatically. We can have inner-domain default,
inter-domain whitelisting, etc. as explained before. Then we have the
following algorithm:
IF (the sender is whitelisted)
  Fetch the mail
ELSE IF (payment script not included)
  Apply my non-white SMTP settings*
ELSE IF (syntax valid AND I am the receiver of the CommCoin (I use my
private key))
  IF (RedeemCoin())
     Fetch the mail
  ELSE
     Reject the mail
   Reject the mail
*What about the non-white SMTP settings above. Following schemes propose an
1. My mail account rejects the mail with *unpaid non-white* message code.
2. The sender receives the following message
*You are not whitelisted on the recipient, yet. You may Resend mail with
PSMTP to reach the recipient and/or you may send a Mutual Whitelist PSMTP
The message has a *Resend with PSMTP* button for a PSMTP sender together
with a *Request mutual whitelisting* checkbox.
The message would have *Register to PSMTP* Button for the non-PSMTP user.
With one-click, she can register her mail address to PSMTP and fill it with
PayPal or credit card or whatever for 1-10$. Keep in mind that e-payment
will be much more convenient in the future making PSMTP registration
one-click. Also, Imagine that we have Microsoft, Google, Apple, etc. on
board making integration, customization easy on the mail client side.
Therefore, If the sender really wants to contact the recipient and similar
people it is rational and trivial for her to join PSMTP.
The mutual whitelisting scheme is a 2/2 multisig script scheme. Sender
signs it before sending. Recipient signs it and sends back. So the sender
pushes the mutual whitelisting request button and recipient pushes the
Accept Button. The multisig scheme runs behind the scenes. If a party
doesn't obey mutual whitelist scheme the system detects immediately. My
mail client would warn me when I am requested PSMTP by a mutual whitelister.
A PSMTP user can send SMTP to an SMTP user. How about a third scheme where
a PSMTP user sends a mail to an SMTP user but with an intentional payment
script signed on the recipient's mail address (maybe we should change the
payment script scheme to signing the recipient mail address rather than
CommCoinAddress). The mail client would signal the SMTP recipient that it
is a paid mail and that she needs to register to PSMTP to collect all such
money she has received until then. The PSMTP sender would not incur any
cost as long as the recipient does not register to PSMTP. If she does,
losing a penny is worth the satisfaction of spreading the word against spam
and having an extra PSMTP peer. I would keep sending PSMTP mails to SMTP
users and a dollar/user would be OK for me to invest. This makes 100
paid emails per SMTP user. A resistant SMTP user surrounded by enough PSMTP
users may find 50 bucks in her wallet before she joins PSMTP. It would take
a penny or two for most SMTP users if we make a good campaign.
The only scenario where the PSMTP recipient may suffer is when a potential
customer or someone important that is not whitelisted gives up sending the
mail. First, we take our smtp glasses off. We see a new world with new
habits. If I am a PSMTP salesperson the first thing I do is domain
whitelist my sales targets. I will most probably see that our admin has
already domain white-listed a great deal of them already. If I try to sell
to the telecom sector, I get a list of all target telecom companies and
domain whitelist them. If I take the contact details of a target person (eg
a beautiful girl I would like to date) in a cocktail, the first thing I do
is to record it to contacts (which is whitelisting) say via QRcode. We will
have more discipline and convenience in managing contacts which is good for
us. Still, we may have a surprise potential client that insists on
resending SMTP. Then we may still get that mail forwarded to a corporate
mail address called sales_grey at mycompany.com. This list being screened and
forwarded by low-cost people. PSMTP is a movement. Reaching a critical mass
is important. Imagine a time when the person insisting on resending SMTP is
probably not worth contacting. It is OK to accept such false positive.
After all, we can't escape probabilistic approach in life. Someone who does
not really want to contact me can be a tolerable false positive. Beyond
critical mass adoption, it gets less worth hiring the low-cost people
screening greylists. When we reach enough adoption you would be better off
rejecting those who are both non-whitelisted and PSMTP hostile.
Once a critical mass is achieved, the rest is a positive feedback mechanism
flooding SMTP. PSMTP is good for every honest user. It saves the precious
Internet, and yourself, it is one-click away, easy to use and actually does
not cost at all. It is a movement that unites us as the Internet itself,
fighting back an evil parasite altogether as one. I imagine a world that
PSMTP is so trivial and useful that not using PSMTP would be unthinkable if
you are not a loser. I imagine a world where PSMTP users are considered
cool and then a world where PSMTP hostility is considered, ..., well, not
worth receiving a non-white SMTP from, if not a spammer.
It should be clear by now that PSMTP works robustly against spam when we
reach wide adoption. The question is how do we get to the critical mass... This
is the difficult part. I admit that I did not provide an answer to this
part yet. Without a solution to wide adoption, my proposal remains a fellow
discussion. Some ideas: First, we need strong technology supporters and
early adopters. Companies like Google, Microsoft, Apple, Samsung, etc; the
leading organizations of the Internet ecosystem like IEFT, W3C, IEEE,
ICANN, etc. other organizations like Linux Foundation, cryptocurrency
space, governments, you, me, etc. The PSMTP payment to SMTP addresses
scheme can be an incentive for the SMTP recipients by the PSMTP senders.
Campaigns and government support ... Any ideas?

@_date: 2018-03-02 15:26:35
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paid SMTP (FUSSP) 
2018-03-01 20:17 GMT+03:00 John Levine :
So this ends our discussion. I am glad that our discussion moved forward
each round to exit rather efficiently.
Result: We proved that we can't agree on success of PSMTP because we can't
convince eachother on at least the following:
1. You don't believe cryptographic wallets will make it to mainstream. I do.
2. You don't believe Google, Microsoft, Apple, IETF etc.will ever be
interested in shcemes like PSMTP and wide adoption is not possible. I think
the gain is so high that the probability is high enough to keep thinking
about, discussing, working on it. After all, paradigm shifts come through
such discussions which challenge the experience.
Thank you for your time.
PS: PSMTP is not a FUS, just an additional tool in the toolbox to be
utilised in combination with available tools + tools of the near future, in
the context of the near future.

@_date: 2018-11-21 12:58:06
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Norton Password Vault 
I suspect it uses PBKDF2 for compliance purposes and historical timing. I
might provide better guesses if you tell me the version/date. My bet is it
may also use pepper. If this is the case getting the salt does not help. So
first check if it uses pepper. Pepper is a key unlike salt but for
convenience you use the same pepper for the users an the pepper is stored
plain text (mostly hex/Base64 coded)  in a config file (on the server side
most probably in this case). If this is the case you will have to contact
vendor for help which is a dead end. If the vault were a standalone low
profile program and pepper is stored locally (which is in conflict with the
real function of pepper but we see such cases) you have other options. You
still need to find the salt. If you find the salt AES 256 would be
beautifully cracked with dictionary attack (if you do not have the pepper
barrier). Good news: salt is plain, and next to the hashed password in most
cases. So salt is not a secret key like pepper. You should be able to find
it with some technical documentation of the product. If you can provide
more info, data, file I may try to help.
Do they know the username of the Vault as well? If not username attack
should be done before password attack. Does the version of the software
give different error messages for username mismatch and password mismatch?
I would not beleive it would. Nevertheless, usernames are vulnerable to
timing attacks. I suspect Norton might not apply the same timing-safe
algorithms to usernames like they do to passwords, which is very common.
Usernames are not as confidential as passwords. If they do not know the
username, implementing a timing attack on the username first is what I
would do.
You may check this page to understand the most probable scheme used if it
uses PBKDF2 (with pepper option).
page may give insight helping you design your code/strategy.

@_date: 2018-11-21 18:31:39
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hohha quantum resistant end-to-end encryption 
creation, which means do not renew PSK at all. Any security gain you
probably imagined from renewal should come from extension of keylength. If
your value proposition is quantum secure message exchange, be generous with
the leylength. You are saved from ae already, you have enough space, use
it. Taking into account sidechannel defense and implementation
hardware/infrastructure you do not have a countious choice space. Focus on
the conveniance-security trade-off, more, make calculations and give
specific keylength offering based on calculations.
It is OK to propose an algorithm designed specifically for the PSK scheme
to be tested.  I think everyone here (including Ismail) agrees that a real
world implementation should always use a well tested symetric enryption
The use case of PSK scheme dictates that users use unbreakable passwords
and end-point is secure eough. Otherwise, there is no point to take the
unconvenaince of the PSK scheme. If a user password or a PSK gets
compromised the only solution is physical contact through the same PSK
creation mechanism.
4] it places too high a burden on the user. Users are clueless about
Therefore, the only burden on the user should be physical contact as in
case of PSK initialization (creation and sharing) which is user-friendly,
though physically inefficient.
It should not as long as the correspondents have a mutual PSK and the
protocol sticks to my suggestions above.
So, I think PSK scheme is interesting. In fact, I cannot think of another
option for an ultimately secure messaging system. I wonder why it is not
mainstream, I don't know a messaging system that is PSK based or has PSK
option. However, once you have PSK never go below. Once parties bother
physical contact for PSK initialization, the rest must be based on a simple
protocol which never goes outside the PSK initialization scheme. No online
key exchange, no asymetrical encryption, nothing fancy/sexy/complex.

@_date: 2018-11-22 22:38:39
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hohha quantum resistant end-to-end encryption 
I think u confuse the persistent keys (PSK) with the session keys due to my
failure to explain clearly. Remember the context of the above summary
paragraph was criticizing the renewal of the PS keys in the Hohha protocol.
I say you are saved from AE already, not dh. I meant dont dictate to
renew the persistent keys on-line within some period M or number of
messages N.
Thanks for sharing the links, which provide a good solution on the PSK
scheme I have in mind to secure the session with pfs.
Let me explain my context more clearly to prevent further confusion.
We aim an ultimately secure messaging system, which can communicate through
any channel (on the Internet) and store its messages anywhere (in the
cloud). The only constraint is the communication device. You can only use
one mobile device to read and write your messages. I.e. the messages are
plain text only at your mobile device screen. So the mobile device to use
with the PSK option is always with you like an extension to your body (just
like most people:)), unlike the set top box use case you mention. I will
not go into the details of mobile device implementation of trusted
execution environment at this level. You can imagine a smart phone designed
for the PSK option or any mobile phone with extension to fit the scheme. I
think this is close to what the Hohha creator(s) has in mind.
You create, store and share your PSKs only by your PSK mobile device. You
share them only offline requiring physical/proximity contact. This provides
the root of trust for message communication in the PSK scheme, I have in
mind. Session security can be done via Authenticated Diffie Hellman.
Some further clarification: Once the message is received, it is persisted
anywhere by the receiver who does not need the session keys to read the
message any longer. But this is not the case for the MIM. Session keys are
used to secure the communication for long-term persistence against mim. Mim
can store communication and wait for long until he can get PS keys. PSK
scheme is the persistent keys scheme. It is an alternative to AE not DH.
Session key management is another layer built on top.
The cloud storage service user credentials must be created, stored and
managed independently (in your brain for instance). If they are compromised
your data is safe because the attacker needs the relevant PS keys. If for
some reason your PS key is compromised which should be extremely difficult
and involve physical contact then you have a safety window to secure your
cloud service credentials, and once again the communication mim had stored
is also safe thanks to adh session key scheme.

@_date: 2018-11-23 00:44:43
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hohha quantum resistant end-to-end encryption 
critics. However, I am thankful to Ismail for initiating a discussion for a
messaging system based on a PSK scheme. It has been in my to do list that I
will never do due to time limitation. I hope this list can help produce a
PSK based messaging scheme. I wrote another mail explaining what I had in
mind more clearly. The scheme I have in mind is slightly different than
Hohha as explained in my response to Bertrand in this thread.

@_date: 2018-11-26 11:37:42
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hohha quantum resistant end-to-end encryption 
Let me repeat my context which is obviously different than Hohha: I think
people who are not crypto experts (doctors, students, lawyers, politicians,
businessmen, housewives, etc.) have the right to use whatssapp (or
telegram, or skype, or yahoo, etc.) in a user-friendly manner and get
ultimate security. Let us define it as PQ-Resistant. The system I have in
mind should be P2P. It is for the people and run by the people. No
different messaging application than the one u use (say whatsapp for all
messaging). No need to enter a pin, etc. Mainstream. So the
OTP/WAP/2FA/criminal/noname examples you gave do not answer my question.
The best I can think of is physical P2P PSK initialization (one PSK per
pair of people). Then ADH takes care of the session keys. Simple.
I see we have been thinking the same way and only differ in our context and
therefore the threat model. The PSK is compromised via physical contact,
and session keys are compromised by mim.
Session key randmoness is built on top of PSK randomness. ADH is not PQ
resistant, but ADH on PSK is. Therefore, the session is PQ resistant
(against its threat model which is mim). PSK threat model and session key
(SK) threat model differ significantly. The two corresponding surgeons who
ask their asistants to use their laptops for their own work, but are
literate enough to use their mobile phone (like most doctors) can
communicate securely and easily against the crypto mim because they live in
different countries/cities. Mim cannot get their PSK's. All the
non-literate users need to know is to keep their devices secure physically
by obeying easy to understand rules of thumb. So the sessions are
PQ-resistant. If however, a threat model which has close proximity can get
the PSK via some physical contact then the sessions are not PQ-resistant
but are still pretty safe against the proximity threat (say the house-wife
:)). So the scheme relies on the two different and independent nature of
threat models to provide a much more secure than available and convenieant
messaging scheme for the people. The beauty of ADH is that it can be
applied P2P, without the need for 2FA, vendor registration, pinning, etc.
Once again the root of trust is PSK which is PQ-r, we use AE/ADH like sexy
stuff only for session keys. The more fancy/sexy you go the more
sophisticated (vulnerable and/or incoveniant) the system gets. The
simplicity of this model helps the security of PSK's. Therefore, the
physical contact requirement for the attack is the key foundation of the
The fact that mainstream mail and messaging system vendors (whatsapp,
telegram, yahoo, google, microsoft, etc.) do not provide people such a
scheme is worth discussing and addressing to me. That is my whole
motivation for the above context and scheme.
Where do we go from the above initial scheme? I think we should focus on
making session keys PQ-r even when PSK's are compromised. For that we have
time and wish we have wide adoption on the users in the meantime, because
we may need them to become more experienced, informed and eager for the
optimal construct. Still this additional construct will mostly like be
optional since it will be less conveniant for the user.
I would personally love to have the freedom to make some of my whatssapp
communication PQ-resistant relying on my physical security
habits/performance only and without relying on any vendor/provider.

@_date: 2018-11-26 13:50:01
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hohha Protocol : 1. Key renewal review 
Let me wrap up what I have shared regarding Hohha so far in several mails:
Context I propose: P2P PQ-resistant messaing to be used by ordinary people
whose security is based on physical habits only. No need for
pinning,OTP,2FA, 3rd party and very easy to use with the only requirement
that you physically contact the person you want to communicate PQ-r once at
least. You do the PSK initialization (creation and sharing) per
correspondent. Communication is done via any channel (on the Internet) and
stored anywhere in the cloud.
The threat model: The communication is under the threat of the mim. The PSK
threat model requires severe physical contact. The data stored in the cloud
service needs PSK + the user credentials. (The same credentials can be used
to further secure the communication). The threat models for user
credentials apply.
Session keys are ADH on PSK. This means the secret key input to be used for
the ADH is the PSK of the communicating parties. This is PQ-resistant
against mim. If the mim can also get the PSKs which requires severe
physcial contact like theft, then session keys do not provide PQ-resistance
but may provide good security for most contexts.
You base the randomness of your root of trust for the cloud storage and
store it independently. Someone who gets the PSK's cannot read the stored
messages because it relies on an independent scheme for user credentials.
If user credentials are compormised then the content is still safe since
the attacker needs the PSK2s. For PQ-r, you may memorize a long enough
random key for instance. Good news is this can be done once per life. My
daughter memorized the 436 digits of the number Pi in the pi day contest in
one day when she was 12. She did not achieve this with talent but by
applying simple techniques she learned just then. Human brain can memorize
random bits with easy to use techniques.
The foundation of the scheme is at its simplicity. This brings its ultimate
security-convenaince. The only thing to do is physical contact once per
correspondent and keep a simple physical security habbit. Then you get PQ-r
messaging. If you want PQ-r on top when PSK's are compromised (i.e. when
you failed the physical security habbit) then you shall do some
memorization which can be used for the storage and communication.
I.e. the non-crypto user decides the conveniance-security trade-off in a
simplified and undertandable fashion. If you want to communicate PQ-r with
some people, contact them physically once and keep your device phsyically
secure. Even if your device gets comporimised physically you are pretty
safe for most contexts. If you want PQ-r even then, you will have less
conveniance. For example; memorize some random stream of alfanumeric
characters (base64 code is good) once in your life. Remember you will need
to enter this everytime you log in to your service or use other
OTP/2FA/Biometric etc. based password vaults/authenticators. The more PQ-r
you want the more inconvenaince you get. But the above scheme is a good
start and fits most people, I believe.
Stick to KISS not to get kissed (to get kissed is a polite way to say to
get screwed in contexts like this one in Turkish;))

@_date: 2018-11-27 14:01:53
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hohha Protocol : 1. Key renewal review 
I don't want to put obstacles for legal authorities when they seize the
I don't encrypt any data on the phone storage. Everything is plaintext.
My scheme is significantly different as noted. It seems you are progressing
on your own scheme. Good luck. I suggest you to be more explicit on the
term plain text storage i.e. what happens on government seizure vs theft vs
spouse. I think you should focus on what happens if the device is
compromised. My scheme protects the content and yours?
I call my philosophy/model the separation of powers. You separate the
powers of physical relation, communication and storage; and put enough
randomness among each other. This design fits the physical world where the
threat models have a paralel separation of powers structure. So the
attacker must be in god mode to break the system: Get the devices, get the
memorized passwords and/or secretly store all communication, etc. The less
the user does (e.g. skip memorizing a long enough stream for the cloud
service credentials) the less godly the attacker gets. But the
philosophy/model remains the same.

@_date: 2018-09-02 23:59:48
@_author: Ersin Taskin 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is "perfect forward secrecy" the biggest fraud 
A high quality software platform claiming high quality encryption must
provide power users the option to avoid asymetric encryption when possible,
which boils down to pre-shared key in most cases.
Dear Ismail,
I wonder why PSK option is not present in Whatsapp, etc.? If it were, I
could/would definitely use it with a lot of  people in my contacts
comprising a great deal of my communication. Do you suggest this is because
of a massive conspiracy or just the same old convenieance vs security
trade-off cobined with users are dumb-cypherpunks are few? You seem to be
studying this subject matter more seriously than me. This question is
actually directed to the entire list.
