
@_date: 2002-02-01 10:41:02
@_author: Hack Hawk 
@_subject: biometrics 
Way back in the day (about a year ago), this guy I worked with set the security PIN for our local office and gave the PIN to several people in the office (about 5 people).
About a week later in casual conversation he said something to the effect that he hated remembering all these separate PIN's and such, so he always used the same PIN for everything to keep things simple.
I, being the devils advocate that I am, sparked up and said, "So, by knowing our Office security PIN, I now have access to your bank account if I get a hold of your ATM card?".  Man, I never seen a guy's face turn so many shades of red in just a few seconds.  LOL
I just thought I'd share it because I found it really funny at the time.  The office security PIN was changed shortly after that conversation.
- hawk

@_date: 2002-02-06 14:14:55
@_author: Hack Hawk 
@_subject: Government, Industry Claim DMCA Not a Threat to Science?  HUH? 
Huh?  Take their word for it?  What are they talking about?  Looks like the DMCA will remain with us even longer now.  Why aren't the big cases being tried all the way to the Supreme Court?!  Damn the recording industry!
- hawk

@_date: 2002-01-04 13:08:53
@_author: Hack Hawk 
@_subject: Hackers Targeting Home Computers 
I see the same thing here.  But most of its http/web attacks against the unicode vulnerability.  Back when code red was out of control I performed a little experiment.  I took 5 IP address of Code Red infected servers on DSL and tested them for the *very* old (Oct/Nov 2000) unicode vulnerability.  All 5 systems had NOT been patched.  Its not surprising that I now see virus infected machines trying to attack my systems using unicode attack strings.  I guess somebody took the idea one step further and developed a virus.
It surprises me that providers like Earthlink & GTE (I have one DSL on each) aren't taking measures to filter out virus traffic from infected systems.  It seems a simple enough task to me.
It seems to me that the biggest cause of the problems are ignorance and lack of concern as the article suggests.  So rather than complain and rant, I've setup a non-technical alert list for my friends and family to keep them informed and safe.
I try to keep the list fun and easy to read.  Its taken a great deal of time and explaining, but slowly more and more of them are beginning to see the bigger picture.
My favorite scenario to lay out for my friends is simple and effective.  Lets say that a hacker gains control of your computer and uses it to attack another site/system.  Lets say that site is a Fortune 500 company or a military or government site.  Even if you don't get into trouble, the FBI could still show up on your door step and take your computer away for analysis.  No more email or web for you.  Oh, and they'll probably need to sift through your phone records to see if the hacker dialed out from your computer.  Kiss your privacy goodbye.
- hawk

@_date: 2002-01-07 11:15:48
@_author: Hack Hawk 
@_subject: Hackers Targeting Home Computers 
Although I originally used the word filter to describe a possible ISP action to address certain problems, the following statement from KB was more what I meant to suggest.  And also Lynn Wheeler's statement about Dynamic IP addresses not being allowed to host HTTP services because it's not in the consumer/client agreement anyway.
Now, since the suggestion/idea prompted several responses, I'd like to offer one other opinion to see what some of you think about it.  I know that it's possibly been discussed here before, but hopefully I won't get flamed too bad.  :)  Sorry, I'm kind of new to this particular list.
When I performed my experiment a few months back, I had the idea to create a Code Green worm (like somebody actually did) that would go out and forcefully patch those vulnerable systems.  I even went as far as developing a small tftp daemon that could serve up the CG virus to other infected systems for a short period of time.
In light of all the discussion I've previously read on such matters, I decided against implementing the CG counter Virus.
However, I'm starting to think that such counter viruses aren't such a bad idea, and here's the primary reason *why* I believe that.
Currently, our government (people like Ashcroft) are slowly taking away our freedoms in an effort to gain control over the problem.  Personally, I have a real hard time with this.  I don't like Ashcroft and others like him having the ability to come into my home and phone lines and monitor everything I do.  If they just happen to label me as a potential terrorist, then I'm basically f* and loose all my rights.
I fully appreciate the dangers of our world, and why somebody like Ashcroft may want to sacrifice our liberties to gain control of worldly problems.  However, there is *another* way.  We can either sit back, and let people like Ashcroft take control of the cyber situation, or we can step up to the plate, and take control of the problem ourselves.
My non-technical mailing list was my first non-intrusive step up to the plate.  Perhaps in the future, stepping up should be a little more intrusive.  If the freedoms I value so much are at stake, then maybe the rewards outweigh the risk of damaging someone's ego by patching their systems for them.  IMHO.
- hawk

@_date: 2003-07-07 16:54:55
@_author: Hack Hawk 
@_subject: Voltage - Identity Based Encryption. 
So what they're saying is that your PRIVATE key is stored on a server somewhere on the Internet?!?!
According to the description, authentication is obtained using a directory or a domain.  If using a Microsoft domain for authentication is required, then how is it that the receiver is NOT required to obtain/purchase the Here's the quote.
"Krishnamurthy said only the sender of an encrypted e-mail needs to have the company's software. The recipient can then automatically decode the message while using Outlook, Outlook Express, Eudora, or even a BlackBerry

@_date: 2006-01-06 10:49:19
@_author: Hack Hawk 
@_subject: phone records for sale. 
More disturbing than even the people at Chicago Sun Times realize
apparently.  ;)  Hope no-one was sniffing their email.
'It was as simple as e-mailing the telephone number to the service along
with a credit card number.'
