
@_date: 2001-04-04 09:56:42
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: smart card studies ? 
See for example the European ePayment Systems Observatory at
        and their newsletter at
        issued once a month.

@_date: 2001-05-25 11:00:30
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: Tamperproof devices and backdoors 
You could use a cut and choose technique. The manufacturer delivers
a batch of bare devices (without tamperproof measures) to the independent
evaluator. The evaluator chooses half of the batch and checks these for
backdoors. The other half are made tamperproof. Of these, half are again
checked to verify the quality of the tamperproof protection layer.
A manufacturer wishing to get a reasonable amount of fielded devices with a
backdoor, stands a real risk of being detected (assuming finding backdoors is possible at all).
The real question is how to check for backdoors. I don't think, based on the
above technique, tamperproofness makes this problem harder.

@_date: 2001-10-04 09:27:58
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: Best practices/HOWTO for key storage in small office/home  of fice setting? 
What about the Rainbow iKey, a smartcard/dongle with USB interface.

@_date: 2001-09-03 11:48:15
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: Outreach Volunteers Needed - Content Control is a Dead End 
Privacy not only is the ability to keep things to yourself (confidential) but
also the right/power to control how information about yourself is being used
after you give it to someone else. The privacy-protecting technolgies Seth
mentions only achieve confidentiality. I tend to agree with Dan that, in order
to achieve `remote control' over private information, you probably need the same techniques that can also be used to implement digital rights management.
So if DRM is impossible, so is protecting our privacy.
[Moderator's note: I strongly disagree. You don't need to control the
spread of information about yourself if you avoid ever leaking that
information in the first place, which can be done with technologies
like digital cash, remailers, onion routers etc. --Perry]

@_date: 2001-09-03 11:48:15
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: Outreach Volunteers Needed - Content Control is a Dead End 
Privacy not only is the ability to keep things to yourself (confidential) but
also the right/power to control how information about yourself is being used
after you give it to someone else. The privacy-protecting technolgies Seth
mentions only achieve confidentiality. I tend to agree with Dan that, in order
to achieve `remote control' over private information, you probably need the same techniques that can also be used to implement digital rights management.
So if DRM is impossible, so is protecting our privacy.
[Moderator's note: I strongly disagree. You don't need to control the
spread of information about yourself if you avoid ever leaking that
information in the first place, which can be done with technologies
like digital cash, remailers, onion routers etc. --Perry]

@_date: 2002-02-04 14:45:28
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: Welome to the Internet, here's your private key 
It's worse: it's even accepted practice among certain security specialists. One
of them involved in the development of a CA service once told me that they
intended the CA to generate the key pair. After regaining consciousness I asked
him why he thought violating one of the main principles of public key
cryptography was a good idea. His answer basically ran as follows: if the CA is
going to be liable, they want to be sure the key is strong and not
compromised. He said that the PC platform of an ordinary user simply wasn't
secure/trusted enough to generate keys on. The system might not generate `good
enough' randomness, or might have been compromised by a trojan.

@_date: 2002-02-08 17:12:45
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: Welome to the Internet, here's your private key 
I think there _are_ good business reasons for them not wanting the users to
generate the keys all by themselves. Weak keys, and subsequent compromises, may
give the CA really bad press and resulting loss of reputation (and this business is built on reputation anyway). So: there are good reasons not to
let the CA generate the private key, but also good reasons to not let the user
generate the keys all by himself. So the question is: are there key generation protocols for mutually distrustful
parties, that would give the CA the assurance that the key is generated using
some good randomness (coming from the CA) and would give the user the guarantee
that his private key is truly private. Also, the CA should be able to verify
later that the random data he supplied was actually used, but this should not
give him (too much) advantage to find the private key.
A smartcard based system might be useful here (as suggested by other
subscribers here). But a software only solution is preferred because it would
maker the application area much broader (because the user does not have to be
supplied with special hardware - terminals + smartcards).

@_date: 2002-01-25 19:22:31
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: biometrics 
As much as i have my doubts about biometric systems i cannot let the below
pass. Of course (and i think Dorothy mentioned this too), the measuring device and
it's connection to the veryfying system must be properly protected. In case of
the system Perry describes, a secure and fresh (ie fresh session key) link
should be setup between the measuring device and the bank, so that
eavesdropping _and_ replay/forgery is impossible. Even though most biometric
systems may not implement this (i simply don't know), this is not a weakness of
biometric systems per se.
[Moderator's note: er, HUH? How does the link being realtime assure
that the remote side isn't simply generating iris images and sending
them to you? It doesn't. Biometrics are worthless except when the
entire system is completely physically secure. --Perry]

@_date: 2002-07-22 09:48:29
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Quantum Computing Puts Encrypted Messages at Risk 
All practical proposals for QKD are photon based. The biggest practical problem
so far with these systems is the generation of a single photon at high enough
rates. It's this problem that makes the bitrate of QKD so low. The number of
random bits required is proportional to the length of the key to be
established, but depends on the amount of eavesdropping taking place. From
memory, without eavesdropping, you need ~4 random bits for each bit of shared
key established. This is not much more than the number of random bits required
for a one-time pad of the same length.
Yes. QKD does not solve the authentication problem. It merely establishes a
shared key between two parties.
Yes, photon polarisation based QKD systems by definition require a direct link
between sender and receiver (a repeater would be an all-catching eavesdropper
;-). I do believe that QKD systems based on entanglement and teleportation
allow for repeaters; but i havent studied these systems so far.
Grover's search techniques will reduce the effective bit-length of symmetric
key systems by a factor 2. All known quantum computing algorithms that are
truly more efficient (giving exponential or subexponential speedup) than known
classical solutions for the same problem appear to be based on being able to do
fast fourier transforms efficiently. Factoring and discrete log can be solved
faster using this. It is unclear whether other systems will ever be affected.
The interesting question to me is whether quantum computing can be used to
_construct_ efficient yet more secure public key cryptosystems.
In my opinion, it would be a valuable addition if you did (although to do this
subject justice, you would have to include a substantial amount of background
material concerning physics and quantum computing basics).
