
@_date: 2008-04-26 02:33:11
@_author: Karsten Nohl 
@_subject: "Designing and implementing malicious hardware" 
Silicon has no secrets, indeed. But it's also much too complex for exhaustive functionality tests; in particular if the tests are open ended as they need to be when hunting for backdoors.
While a single chip designer will perhaps not have the authority needed to significantly alter functionality, a small team of designers could very well adopt "their" part of a design and introduce a backdoor.
Hardware designs currently move away from what in software would be open source. Chip obfuscation meant to protect IP combined with the ever increasing size of chips makes it almost impossible to reverse-engineer an entire chip.
Bunnie pointed out that the secret debugging features of current processors perhaps already include functionality that breaks process separation. The fact that these features stay secret suggest that it is in fact hard to detect any undocumented functionality.
Assuming that hardware backdoors can be build, the interesting question becomes how to defeat against them. Even after a particular triggering string is identified, it is not clear whether software can be used to detect malicious programs. It almost appears as if the processor would need a hardware-based virus-scanner or sorts. This scanner could be simple as it only has to match known signatures, but would need have access to a large number of internal data structures while being developed by a completely separate team of designers.

@_date: 2008-04-26 16:44:16
@_author: Karsten Nohl 
@_subject: more on malicious hardware 
Chip pirating is a huge problem. Part of the reason we think it is
ethical to release the Crypto-1 details is the fact that pirated Mifare
chips have been sold for years.
Pirating becomes more widespread as the chip manufacturing is
outsourced. The cost of manufacturing a small volume of chips is
dominated by cutting the "masks" used in the lithographic process steps.
Once these masks are built, shelling out more chip copies is relatively
cheap which enables manufacturers to overproduce and sell pirated copies.
Adding a backdoor to chips is a different story, though, since that
would require cutting a second set of masks. I am assuming that there
must be no backdoor in the legitimately produced chips since the client
would detect it as a slight violation of some of their timing
simulations. The client also often inspects the masks before the chips
are produced and basically reverse-engineers the whole chip on that level.

@_date: 2008-07-15 20:10:03
@_author: Karsten Nohl 
@_subject: =?WINDOWS-1252?Q?Re:_=93A_Practical_Attack_on_the_MIFARE_Classic?= 
This is a paper published on arXiv in March that does not contain the  type of information NXP is suing over, which is why it was removed  from Wikileaks.
The law suit is about a full disclosure of the Crypto1 security system  that would allow anybody to build attack tools. However, as we all  know, It would also convince more users of Mifare to consider  upgrading to more secure technologies and potentially enable  researchers to find countermeasures. The benefits clearly outweigh the  risks since half a year after announcing the vulnerabilities, Mifare  Classic is hopefully not used in any high security application anymore.
