
@_date: 2015-02-10 02:29:50
@_author: James Evans 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Pre-release version of Bitcoin whitepaper 
Prior to the release of the Bitcoin whitepaper on October 31, 2008, Satoshi
sent out a draft to Wei Dai. The emails they exchanged are archived here :
Does anyone have a copy of this pre-release draft? It would be fascinating
to see. In it the name Bitcoin is not yet used. Here is a copy of the
Title: Electronic Cash Without a Trusted Third Party
Abstract: A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow
online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without the
burdens of going through a financial institution. Digital signatures offer
part of the solution, but the main benefits are lost if a trusted party is
still required to prevent double-spending. We propose a solution to the
double-spending problem using a peer-to-peer network. The network
timestamps transactions by hashing them into an ongoing chain of hash-based
proof-of-work, forming a record that cannot be changed without redoing the
proof-of-work. The longest chain not only serves as proof of the sequence
of events witnessed, but proof that it came from the largest pool of CPU
power. As long as honest nodes control the most CPU power on the network,
they can generate the longest chain and outpace any attackers. The network
itself requires minimal structure. Messages are broadcasted on a best
effort basis, and nodes can leave and rejoin the network at will, accepting
the longest proof-of-work chain as proof of what happened while they were
James Evans

@_date: 2015-01-24 02:21:21
@_author: James Evans 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 2008 revision of Bitcoin whitepaper 
Does anyone have the original 2008 version of the whitepaper which was
posted to this mailing list on Oct 31 2008/Nov 1 2009? The current version
of the whitepaper uploaded on Sourceforge is from 2009-03-24. This is the
second version of the whitepaper. The first version was published on
2008-10-31. It was uploaded to  which is where
the current version also resides. Did anyone here happen to download and
save it?
