
@_date: 2002-07-11 19:50:30
@_author: Ian Hill 
@_subject: Quantum Computing Puts Encrypted Messages at Risk 
I don't know enough about quantum computation to comment on this first
section. There are numerous comments that seem wrong to my
understanding, but I shan't make a fuss.
Instant chaos? Hardly. The first people to have this technology will be
the NSA/GCHQ types, and university research people. Not Joe Cracker.
You have to ask yourself who you are most worried about - who you think
about when you encrpt your data. Most companies encrypt their data
against their competitors and perhaps crackers. Oh dear God. QKD systems are invulnerable to algorithmic and computation
advances because they are not algorithmic, or based on conventional
computation. QKD is the product of Physics. Mathematicians have always been under the dillusion that mathematical
proof is absolute. Physicists on the whole realise that their best
theory is their best theory - not absolute truth. No-one has even
proved, even to physics standard, that QKD systems are secure. It is
merely conjectured that we cannot intercept photons and accurately
detect their polarisation without altering the same. QKD is hailed as unbreakable encryption. Sure, it will be damn hard to
crack, but not-too-many years ago, the idea that we could factor
thousand bit numbers sounded insane. Quantum theory came about when
Planck and many many others challenged percieved wisdom. How can we be
so sure that one day someone won't figure out how we can defeat the
standard wisdom that says "photon polarisation cannot be detected" for
the purposes of breaking QKD?  Now I'm neither a professional cryptographer or professional quantum
physicist, so any of the above could be incorrect. I'd love to be proven
wrong - I fancy the idea of unbreakable encrption as much as the next
man, but surely the way mankind has broken cipher after cipher, and
challenged theorum after theorum should have made people a little
dubious when the word "unbreakable" is bounded around. Besides, we all
know the devil is in the implementation. Even if QKD is unbreakable on
paper, an engineer is sure to break it ;-)
When I first read The Code Book (Simon Singh), I drooled endlessly at
the idea of Unbreakable Encryption, until I became a little more
cynical. I questioned Dr Singh on this when he came and gave a lecture
in Cheltenham UK recently, and his best answer was that QKD is so secure
because "its a different kind of system. Its not like conventional
encryption." [synopsis - not direct quotation]. I'm not thorougly
Can anyone (politely) prove this mere outsider wrong?

@_date: 2002-07-12 17:21:18
@_author: Ian Hill 
@_subject: Quantum Computing Puts Encrypted Messages at Risk 
It has been politely pointed out to me that I overstepped my intentions
with this post. Perhaps you will allow me to clarify myself before the
flames begin :-)
I can't honestly say I follow the theory to its roots, but from what I
do understand, QKD is 100% secure now (if it is implemented correctly).
Provided that our current thoughts on Quantum Mechanics remain accurate,
then I appreciate this system will be secure.
I appreciate also that this is not like standard cryptanalysis, where
you can just take a copy of the ciphertext and keep bashing at it with a
range of techniques. In this respect this is a whole different scenario
to cracking more standard crypto systems. The point I was attempted to
make, but evidently overstepped slightly whilst writing up, was that I
find it grossly arrogant to say this is it, we have QKD, we can all go
home. One day I am sure someone will come up with a counter-theory
[which allows us to detect polarisation without altering it] which
doesnt fall on its face. Such is the nature of physics.
[ END QUOTE ]
