
@_date: 2008-05-09 02:07:12
@_author: ian.farquhar@rsa.com 
@_subject: FW: How far is the NSA ahead of the public crypto community? 
That was IBM's name for DC; it wasn't the NSA's name.
In the late 90's I asked a DSD (Australian NSA) officer what the UKUSA
nations called DC, and he thought about it, then declined to answer.
However, a certain well known cryptographer who has done some work with
the NSA told me that they called it "Directional Derivative".
I asked the abovementioned DSD officer when the UKUSA nations discovered
DC.  Again he paused to think, and then said that he believed that Gus
Simmons had publicly said that the NSA was aware of the technique in
1965 or so.  Despite considerable research, I've been unable to locate
any evidence of Simmons saying that.  It is, however, feasable within
the timeline of what is known and implied about their cipher
development.  Before the mid-60's, hardware implementations of block
ciphers would have been largely impractical anyway.
I do have to comment, however, that this particular DSD officer chose
his words carefully in answering the question.  Specifically, he told me
what Simmons said (at least in his memory), as opposed to "we discovered
it in 1965".  This particular officer was responsible for crypto export
control in Oz, and was a hardline anti-export warrior.  He never
directly lied, but in true "Yes Minister" fashion, he was regularly
"economical with the truth" and quite linguistically tricky.  With him,
one quickly learned to listen to what he exactly said, not what he was
trying to imply.  :)
If anyone else can confirm his claim about Simmons, I'd like to read the
full text.

@_date: 2008-11-16 18:25:18
@_author: ian.farquhar@rsa.com 
@_subject: unintended? 
[Moderator's note: Top posting is considered untasteful. --Perry]
It doesn't need to be malicious.  It depends on the situation.
For example, lots of corporations do SSL session inspection using
products like Bluecoat.  The Bluecoat does a MiTM attack to expose the
plaintext for analysis, and expects that corporate users trust the
certificate it provides (and have pushed it out to all corporate
browsers).  If you've just loaded Firefox, it won't have that "trusted"
cert loaded by default, and you'll see exactly the below.
Ian. -----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at metzdowd.com] On Behalf Of Chad Perrin
Sent: Saturday, November 15, 2008 8:29 AM
On Fri, Nov 14, 2008 at 01:26:29PM +0000, bmanning at vacation.karoshi.com
What does Perspectives have to say?
What installation of Firefox did you use?
I don't have that problem when I visit:
  Do you perhaps have some kind of malicious redirection going on there?

@_date: 2009-04-30 18:06:48
@_author: ian.farquhar@rsa.com 
@_subject: Destroying confidential information from database 
I'd say your assumption is valid.  This is not to disrespect the
database vendors, but to point out that their risk modelling is
generally significantly looser than that which would be accepted by
someone who worries about secure data erasure on storage media.
I'd strongly suggest erasing the disk on which the database is stored,
using whatever mechanism meets your security needs (ie. From a "DoD
secure erase" right up to the full physical destruction of the media).
Also consider erasure of any areas of the disk where data might have
been cached, including but not limited to working tables and swap.

@_date: 2009-01-28 18:49:29
@_author: ian.farquhar@rsa.com 
@_subject: Obama's secure PDA 
unclassified USB
It would definitely be shielded, but I doubt it's TEMPEST qualified at
that price point.
I suspect it's just a USB cable with a keyed connector, to enforce
red/black sep in this somewhat atypical environment (eg. section
5.4.6.1.1.2 of MIL-HDBK-232A)

@_date: 2010-08-15 22:49:25
@_author: ian.farquhar@rsa.com 
@_subject: non 2048-bit keys 
What's the threat model?
If the set of possible actors includes first world SIGINT agencies, then yes, it is a reasonable assumption that a special configuration of system has been created to factor keys.  Think IBM or pre-acquisition SGI or pre-acquisition Sun as a supplier of such hardware, scaled up way beyond the configurations you'd get in the marketing literature (tens of thousands of cores, terabytes of physical RAM, low-range nine-figure price tags).
But as such an attack would likely cost millions of dollars per key, because the time to solution would be weeks or even months, then they'll only be using it as a last resort.  As Peter correctly pointed out, there are so many other viable threat vectors which are available, especially human-in-the-loop ones, which would likely be exhausted before that solution was tried.
For non-government level attacks, I agree that such a scenario is unrealistic.

@_date: 2010-09-14 23:22:39
@_author: ian.farquhar@rsa.com 
@_subject: Intel plans crypto-walled-garden for x86 
I'd call this news announcement about Intel creating a "run known good" code facility about as credible as the joke that Otellini told his minions to "go buy a copy of McAfee", and they didn't hear the "copy of" part.
Noone will tolerate an Intel-moderated walled garden.  Only Apple has customers with a bad enough case of stockholm syndrome to tolerate that sort of nonsense.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wed 15-Sep-10 2:03 AM
Naah, we're perfectly safe, like every other similar attempt after 5-10 years
of effort and several hundred million dollars down the drain it'll come to
nothing.  I guess that's one silver lining of the corollary to "We can't
secure PCs against the bad guys", which is "We can't 'secure' them against
their owners either" (with the rider "... although we can cause a lot of cost
and inconvenience in trying").
