
@_date: 2002-08-04 16:11:44
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: Extracting unifrom randomness from noisy source 
Hi all, I've looked into this a bit further, and here is summary. 1. In order to extract randomness from an arbitrary noisy source, we
need to use some short, `seed` random string. We assume that the noise
is independent of this `seed`. (If we don't use a seed, then every
randomness extracting (deterministic) function has some distribution of
input (noise) for which the output is not uniformly distributed - e.g.
any distribution of inputs which map to one output...)
2. Of course, the `seed` requirement does not apply if we hash the noise
using a hash function, and analyse using the `random oracle` model i.e.
analyse security when the hash function is implemented by a randomly
choosen function. But clearly here the randomness is `hidden` in the
`choice` of the random function. Clearly this is not a good
justification for relying on any particular hash function (e.g. SHA1)!
3. I don't know of any attack showing a reasonable, natural source of
noise for which the output of some reasonable hash function is
non-uniformly distributed. However I'm also not aware of any
cryptoanalytical effort to demonstrate such an attack. While almost all
practical crypto is based on unproven assumptions and `proof of security
by failure of cryptoanalysis`, seems that simply relying on SHA1(noise)
to be uniform is hardly justifyable. 4. There is substantial amount of research showing efficient randomness
extractors. Noam Nisan has a nice survey, available from his homepage,
N. Nisan. Extracting randomness: How and why (a survey). In Proceedings
of the 11th IEEE Conference on Computational Complexity, pages 44--58.
IEEE, New York, 1996. 5. While the extractors described by Nisan (and others) are indeed very
efficient, I'm not aware of any available implementations. Implementors
may consider using therefore their favorite block cipher, e.g. AES,
using a random key. Notice that this random key should be selected
uniformly but could be part of the software, common to all deployments
and non-secret; security is only based on the independence of the
sampled noise in this key. Namely, pseudo-random = AES_k (noise) Security of this construction follows from the assumption that the block
cipher (e.g. AES) is a Pseudo-random function; notice that this is a
standard assumption for block ciphers (and therefore block ciphers are
cryptoanalysed to meet this assumption). 6. Of course under the random oracle model, h(x,k) is also a
pseudo-random function... But why?
Regards, Amir Herzberg
See   for lectures and draft-chapters
from book-in-progress, `Introduction to Cryptography, Secure
Communication and Commerce`; feedback appreciated!

@_date: 2002-12-01 08:49:21
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: 'E-postmark' gives stamp of approval 
Cryptographically, the solution they (AuthentiDate) offer is basic:
timestamping and authentication (non-repudiated origin identification) by a
single trusted authority (USPO). I hope it's well implemented and that it
would succeed; it can definitely provide a substantial advantage over
current e-mail...
I don't think it can help much as solution against spamming, by itself:
people will use timestamped mail only when needed, which means you can't
filter out all non-timestamped mail. Of course it could help as a mechanisms
to filter out new correspondants, if used together with appropriate
mechanism for identifying known recipients, which seems to me the right way
to handle spam.
Two points worth imporving:
1. Their scheme uses a single authority. It would be better to allow use of
multiple authorities for reliability, security, and competition (Ok, maybe
AuthentiDate as a company prefers to have only one service...)
2. They offer only non-repudiation of origin; it's a pity they don't offer
also non-repudiation of submission, this could be really useful
certified-mail feature for B2B. The protocols required are not much more
complex (see e.g. my recent work Amir Herzberg

@_date: 2002-07-19 18:10:00
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: Quantum Computing Puts Encrypted Messages at Risk 
Hannes said, I appreciate your statement and I am sure you have the experise in the area.
However, to rely on a security/crypto mechanism, I must see a proof I
understand, and I _never_ rely on `proof by intimidation`. In this case, I'll like a proof showing reduction from a specific theorem
which is backed by many years of concentrated effort to break it. I am not
cynical, really. I will really appreciate if you provide me/us with
(reference) to (a) historical evidence of a precise theorem/conjecture which withstood many
years of substantial scurtiny, and (b) precise proof, with sufficient details for someone (like me) whose
physics is rusty (many years since my engineering school days...), showing
the reduction from the specific claims to the long-lived theorem. Can you generate truly random numbers? Cool! Indeed, this is something which
in a sense is to be expected, based on the uncertainty principle. Of course,
for a complete QKD system this may be a small part; but this part could be
useful for many crypto systems, if it is really secure - and practical
(cost, size, etc.). Can you provide details on this? As an aside note, the uncertainty principle may be an example of physical
theory which have withstood many years, but I doubt that it was really
tested using crypto principles. I mean, couldn't it just turn out that all
of the randomization in physics will some day turn out to be
pseudo-random??? After all, detecting the difference could be fairly
difficult, even if and when we learn the details of this supposed
pseudo-random generator, assuming it is a non-trivial one (after all even
the congruential generator was only fairly recently shown insecure!). Regards, Amir Herzberg
See   for lectures and draft-chapters
from book-in-progress, `Introduction to Cryptography, Secure Communication
and Commerce`; feedback appreciated!

@_date: 2002-07-27 18:38:53
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: building a true RNG 
In several posts to the list, e.g. by Wagner and Denker, it is proposed to
use a `strong crypto hash function` h(), e.g. SHA1, to extract entropy from
a physical source, i.e.
Namely, if the sample from the digitizer (of the physical source) is x, the
suggestion is to use h(x) as random data.
I think this is a very common design in practice. But clearly this relies on
some property of the hash function. For example Denker says:
Indeed if we adopt the `random oracle` methodology, i.e. analyze the system
assuming h() is a truly random function, then we easily see that h(x) are
truly random bits (assuming the number of bits in h(x) is significantly less
than the entropy in x).
But: the `random oracle` methodology helps us find vulnerabilities in
protocols, but no specific hash function is really a random oracle...
So I ask: is there a definition of this `no wasted entropy` property, which
hash functions can be assumed to have (and tested for), and which ensures
the desired extraction of randomness?
Regards, Amir Herzberg
See   for lectures and draft-chapters
from book-in-progress, `Introduction to Cryptography, Secure Communication
and Commerce`; feedback appreciated!

@_date: 2002-07-30 17:02:18
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: building a true RNG 
David Wagner said,
But there's a big difference: the random oracle `assumption` is clearly not
valid for SHA-1 (or any other specific hash function). Since this is
trivial, it is less clear what is the cryptoanalytical problem that SHA1 was
tested for. SHA-1 (and similar functions) were tested mainly for
collision-resistance (and also for one-wayness). But clearly these
properties are not sufficient for the proposed use (to extract entropy). So the question is again: what is an assumption which we can test SHA-1
against, and which is sufficient to make the `entropy crunching alg` secure?
I found that when trying to explain and define hash functions and their
properties, I didn't find a satisfactory definition for the `randomness`
Best Regards, Amir Herzberg
See   for lectures and draft-chapters
from book-in-progress, `Introduction to Cryptography, Secure Communication
and Commerce`; feedback appreciated!

@_date: 2002-06-09 10:09:58
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: CFP: Third International Symposium on Electronic Commerce (ISEC-02) 
I'm not sure if CFP's are acceptable on this list but here's on which is
looking for papers on secure e-commerce which may be of interest to some
subscribers. Regards, Amir Herzberg
See    for lectures and draft-chapters
from book-in-progress, `secure communication and commerce using
cryptography`; feedback appreciated!
Call for Papers
The Third International Symposium on Electronic Commerce (ISEC-02)
October 18-19, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, USA.
Important Dates
Submission Deadline: June 17
Author Notification: August 1
Final Papers: September 1
Early Registration: September 30
URL:   Electronic commerce has quickly become a necessary and valuable element of doing business. The inexorable improvements in the underlying technologies enable more functional and complex e-commerce applications. The advances create both opportunities and challenges for researchers, developers, and employers of e-commerce systems.
The goal of the Third International Symposium on Electronic Commerce (ISEC 2002) is to provide a forum for researchers, developers and business users to share and disseminate information about current important research and application issues concerning electronic commerce. This conference will feature invited talks and presentations of refereed papers covering the major areas of electronic commerce.
Papers are solicited describing the advances of research and development in all areas of electronic commerce, including, but not limited to:
Electronic Commerce Architecture
Web-based Storefront Technology
Virtual Shopping Mall
Web Portals
Web Services
B2B Integration
B2B Distribution
B2C Solutions
XML and e-commerce
Mobile, Wireless, or Pervasive E-commerce
Electronic Procurement and Tendering
Electronic Data Interchange
Electronic Payment
Security Issues in Electronic Commerce
Online Auctions and Marketplaces
Automated Negotiation
Pricing Strategies
Electronic Couponing
User Interface Design
Data Mining and Business Intelligence
Data Management
Data Warehouse
Customer Relationship Management
Intelligent Agents
Quality of Services
Performance Evaluation
Multimedia and e-commerce
Testing Strategies in Electronic
Commerce Software Development
Open Source tools for E-commerce Development
and Deployment
Legal Issues and Intellectual Property
Social and Economics Aspects
Governmental Policy
Content Distribution & Edge Computing
Information regarding the submission of papers is posted on the conference website.
The conference will be held at the IBM Recreation and Convention Center in Research Triangle Park. Accommodations are available at Radisson Governors Inn.
General Co-Chairs:
Michael Rappa, North Carolina State University
Peter R. Wurman, North Carolina State University
Program Chairs:
Peter R. Wurman, North Carolina State University
Andy Rindos, IBM
Finance Chair:
Gabby Silberman, IBM
Local Arrangements Chair:
Andy Rindos, IBM
Founding Co-Chairs:
Weidong Kou, HKU/IBM/UMBC
Yelena Yesha, UMBC
Program Committee (Additional members will be added)
Prof. Nabil Adam, Rugters University
Prof. Annie Ant?n, North Carolina State University
Prof. Gord Agnew, University of Waterloo
Prof. Vijay Atluri, Rugters University
Prof. Yang Bo, Xidian University
Prof. Kefei Chen, Shanghai Jiaotong University
Prof. Amitabha Das, Nanyang Technical University
Prof. Asuman Dogac, Middle East Technical University
Prof. Julie Earp, North Carolina State University
Prof. Tim Finin, University of Maryland, Baltimore County
Dr. Amir Herzberg, Israel
Dr. Lucas Hui, University of Hong Kong
Prof. Anupam Joshi, University of Maryland, Baltimore County
Dr. Yannis Labrou, Fujitsu Laboratories of America, Inc.
Dr. Francis Lau, University of Hong Kong
Prof. Jiangdong Li, Cornell University
Dr. Jiming Liu, Baptist University of Hong Kong
Dr. Leo Liu, IBM Corporation
Prof. Hanan Lutfiyya, University of Western Ontario
Prof. Yi Mu, Macquarie University
Prof. Peng Ning, North Carolina State University
Prof. Sun Park, Rugters University
Prof. Simpson Poon, Charles Sturt University,
Dr. T. Radhakrishnan, Concordia University
Prof. Munindar Singh, North Carolina State University
Prof. Mladen Vouk, North Carolina State University
Prof. Johnny Wong, University of Waterloo
Prof. Yixian Yang, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications
Dr. Jih-Shyr Yih, IBM Corporation
Prof. David Zhang, Polytechnical University of Hong Kong
Dr. Liang-Jie Zhang, IBM Corporation
Sponsored by IBM and E-commerce at NC State, North Carolina State

@_date: 2002-06-24 08:53:06
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: X.509, SSL & security of decentalized certification (RE: RSA getting rid of trusted third parties?) 
Ian Clelland said, RSA/Verisign/whoever ...
Agreed. But...
This is not as simple as one may expect. X.509 has a hierarchy mechanism
designed for allowing organizations issue (or at least control)
certificates of departments and employees - the Distinguished Name (DN)
and its keywords. However, browsers normally identify the server by its
DNS name, which is usually included in the dNSName attribute in the
subjectAltName extension, rather than in the X.509 DN. DNS names do not
have a completely well defined structure, which makes it difficult to
limit the organization's CA to issuing certs only to its employees and
departments (e.g. would IBM's CA be able to issue certs for
 ?).
Anyway, the validation is up to the browser - it is _not_ part of the
SSL/TLS functionality. Furthermore, while X.509 and PKIX have mechanisms
to allow a root CA to restrict the scope of certificates issued by a
root CA, these mechanisms seem to focus on restricting the distinguished
names in the issued certificates, rather than the subjectAltName (and in
particular the DNS name). So my bet is that all or most browsers will
not reject certificates with arbitrary DNS names issues by a corporation
with a CA certified by RSA (or any other root CA). The problem here is not with the decentralized certification, IMHO; the
problem is with the overly simplistic view of trust. The relying parties
(e.g. browsers) should have tools that map each issuer of certificates
to a `role` defining what it is trusted for. There have been lots of
research in this direction (including a bit of my own) but it was not
yet deployed in mainstream products such as browsers and web servers. BTW, I find Eric Rescola's book `SSL and TLS` coverage of the use of
X.509 in SSL/TLS and browsers very informative and readable. I also
cover this in my PKI and SSL lectures from the site below (but I have
only a very early PKI chapter in the site and haven't begun on the SSL
chapter, so for text please see Eric's book). Regards, Amir Herzberg
See   for lectures and draft-chapters
from book-in-progress, `secure communication and commerce using
cryptography`; feedback appreciated!

@_date: 2002-10-11 00:04:08
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: CFP: Security in Distributed Computing Special Track of PODC 2003 
CALL FOR PAPERS
                   Security in Distributed Computing
                          Special Track of
         Twenty-second Annual ACM SIGACT-SIGOPS Symposium on
                  PRINCIPLES OF DISTRIBUTED SYSTEMS
                           13-16 July 2003
                        Boston, Massachusetts
                    Submission deadline January 31, 2003
Acceptance notification April 2, 2003
Camera-ready copy due April 22, 2003
How to submit:
Electronic submissions are encouraged; information on how to to submit
electronically will be available by November 2002 at
    Authors unable to submit electronically should contact the program
chair, Sergio Rajsbaum, by email, rajsbaum at math.unam.mx, to receive
Security and Distributed Computing are highly related.  The goal of the
Security in Distributed Computing special track of PODC is to increase
cooperation and interactions between the distributed computing community
and the security and cryptography communities, and to provide a forum
for original research related to security in distributed computing and
systems.  In addition to regular presentations and brief announcements,
we will have three stimulating key note lectures reviewing important,
challenging and controversial issues in security and distributed
computing, by:
      Ross Anderson, U. of Cambridge
      Butler Lampson, Microsoft
      Silvio Micali, MIT
The special track is an integral part of PODC; see
 for additional information.
SCOPE of the Security Track:
We are soliciting research contributions on the design, specification,
implementation, application and theory of secure distributed computing.
We welcome submissions on any topic in the intersection of security and
distributed computing, including but not limited to:
 - Secure multiparty and two-party computations
 - Secret sharing and verifiable secret sharing
 - Resiliency to corruptions: distributed, forward and proactive
 - Security, privacy and anonymity in the Internet and
     in mobile communication systems
 - Secure/security protocols and distributed algorithms
 - Secure multicast and broadcast
 - Denial of service (clogging) and its prevention
 - Non-repudiation, certification and timestamping protocols
 - Distribution of intellectual property and its (copyright) protection
 - Secure distributed marketplaces, auctions, and gambling
 - Cryptographic protocols, including: authentication, key management,
 - Secure electronic commerce, banking and payment protocols
 - Security for Peer to Peer computing
 - Secure bandwidth reservation and QOS
 - Distributed access control and trust management
 - Secure mobile agents and mobile code
 - Security for Storage Area Networks
Conference presentations will have two formats: Regular presentations of
approximately 25 minutes accompanied by papers of up to 10 pages in the
proceedings.  This format is intended for contributions reporting on
original research, submitted exclusively to this conference.  Brief
announcements of approximately 10 minutes accompanied by one page
abstracts in the proceedings.  This format is a forum for brief
communications, which may be published in other conferences.  Links to
longer versions expanding the brief announcements will be collected at a
web site.
SUBMISSIONS FORMAT: All electronic submissions must be in postscript or
PDF and capable of being previewed by ghostview.  The cover page should
include (1) title, (2) authors and affiliations, (3) postal and e-mail
address of the contact author, (4) a brief abstract describing the work,
(5) at the bottom of the brief abstract, in boldface, an indication of
non-student or student status, and (6) an indication if this is a
regular presentation or brief announcement.
It is recommended that each submission begin with a succinct statement
of the problem, summary of the main results, and a brief explanation of
their significance, all suitable for a non-specialist.  Technical
development of the work, directed to the specialist, should follow.
A submission for the regular presentation format should be no longer
than 4,500 words (10 pages on letter-size paper using at least 11-point
font).  Additional necessary details may be included in a clearly marked
appendix that will be read at the discretion of the program committee.
A submission for the brief announcement format should be no longer than
3 pages pages on letter-size paper using at least 11-point font.
Authors of accepted brief announcements will have the option of placing
a link to a full version of their work on the conference web site.  If
requested by the authors, an extended abstract that is not selected for
a regular presentation will also be considered for the
brief-announcement format.  Such a request will not affect consideration
of the paper for a regular presentation. Extended abstracts deviating
significantly from these guidelines will be rejected without
consideration of their merits.  Late papers will not be read or
BEST STUDENT PAPER AWARD: A prize will be given to the best student
paper.  A paper is eligible if at least one author is a full-time
student at the time of submission.  This must be noted on the cover
page.  The program committee may decline to make the award or split it.
Program Committee:
Marcos Aguilera         HP Labs
Lorenzo Alvisi          U. Texas Austin
James Aspnes            Yale U.
Cynthia Dwork           Microsoft Research
Juan Garay              Bell Labs
Vassos Hadzilacos       U. Toronto
Amir Herzberg           Bar-Ilan U.
Markus Jakobsson        RSA
Miroslaw Kutylowski     Wroclaw U. & Signet
Dahlia Malkhi           Hebrew U.
Boaz Patt-Shamir        Tel-Aviv U.
Erez Petrank            Technion
Rajmohan Rajaraman      Northeastern U.
Sergio Rajsbaum, Chair  UNAM
Antony Rowstron         Microsoft Research
Roberto Segala          U. Verona
Amin M. Vahdat          Duke U.
Conference Committee:
Elizabeth Borowsky      Boston Coll.
   General Chair
Soma Chaudhuri          Iowa State U.
   Treasurer
Amir Herzberg           Bar-Ilan U.
   Security-Track Chair
Victor Luchangco        Sun Labs
   Publicity
Mark Moir               Sun Labs
   Local Arrangements
Gil Neiger              Intel Labs
   Webmaster
Sergio Rajsbaum         UNAM
   Program Chair
Steering Committee:
Elizabeth Borowsky      Boston Coll.
Keith Marzullo          U. Calif.-San Diego
Yoram Moses             Technion
Gil Neiger, Chair       Intel Labs
Sergio Rajsbaum         UNAM
Aleta Ricciardi         Valaran Corp.
Nir Shavit              Tel-Aviv U. & Sun Labs

@_date: 2003-11-16 16:44:39
@_author: Amir Herzberg 
@_subject: Are there...one-way encryption algorithms 
Enzo asked, Sounds like you look for One Way Permutations... which of course exist
(if one-way functions do). But before we get into details, it'll be
useful if you specify your needs more precisely since imprecision is the
mother of weaknesses and break-ins. BTW I've updated my foils on encryption and hashing which cover much of
this topic (see in site if interested). Best, Amir Herzberg
