
@_date: 2006-09-21 19:53:57
@_author: FSE 2007 Information 
@_subject: Call for papers for Fast Software Encryption (FSE 2007) 
Fast Software Encryption 2007
*March 26-28*
*Luxembourg city**, Luxembourg**
[image: IACR]   Call for Papers
FSE 2007 is the 14th annual Fast Software Encryption workshop, for the sixth
year sponsored by the International Association for Cryptologic
Research(IACR). Original research papers on
symmetric cryptology are invited for
submission to FSE 2007. The workshop concentrates on fast and secure
primitives for symmetric cryptography, including the design and analysis of
block ciphers, stream ciphers, encryption schemes, hash functions, and
message authentication codes (MACs), analysis and evaluation tools.
Important dates
Submission deadline
December 11, 2006
Notification of decision
January 31, 2007
Pre-proceedings version deadline
February 20, 2007
March 26 - 28, 2007
Proceedings version deadline
April 25, 2007
  Instructions for Authors
Submissions *must not substantially duplicate work* that any of the authors
has published elsewhere or has submitted in parallel to any other
international conference or workshop that has proceedings. Double
submissions will be rejected without evaluation.
The submission must be *anonymous*, with no author names, affiliations,
acknowledgments, or obvious references. It should begin with a title, a
short abstract, and a list of keywords. The length of the submission should
be at most 12 pages excluding bibliography and appendices using at least
11pt size font, reasonably sized margins and total of not more than 20
pages. The introduction should summarize the contributions of the paper at a
level appropriate for a non-specialist reader. Committee members are not
required to read appendices; the paper should be intelligible without them.
Submissions not meeting these guidelines risk rejection without
consideration of their merits.
It is strongly preferred that submissions be processed in LaTeX according to
the instructions listed on
 these are mandatory
for the final papers. Submitted papers must be in
PDF or postscript format and should be submitted electronically. Detailed
description of the electronic submission procedure will be available via
Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that their paper will be presented
at the workshop.
Pre-proceedings will be available at the workshop. Proceedings are intended
to be published in Springer-Verlag's Lecture Notes in Computer Science
series. Authors of accepted papers will be required to complete the IACR
copyright assignment form at
 for their work to be
published in the workshop proceedings.
Program Committee
Frederik Armknecht
NEC, Germany
Steve Babbage
Vodafone, U.K.
Alex Biryukov (chair)
University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg
Claude Carlet
INRIA+University of Paris 8, France
Nicolas Courtois
Gemalto, France
Joan Daemen
STMicroelectronics, Belgium
Orr Dunkelman
Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Israel
Henri Gilbert
France Telecom, France
Louis Granboulan
EADS, France
Helena Handschuh
Spansion, France
Jin Hong
Seoul National University, Korea
Seokhie Hong
CIST, Korea
Tetsu Iwata
Nagoya University, Japan
Thomas Johansson
Lund University, Sweden
Antoine Joux
DGA + University of Versailles, France
Pascal Junod
Nagravision, Switzerland
Charanjit Jutla
IBM Watson, U.S.A.
John Kelsey
NIST, U.S.A.
Lars R. Knudsen
Technical University of Denmark, Denmark
Stefan Lucks
University of Mannheim, Germany
Mitsuru Matsui
Mitsubishi Electric, Japan
Willi Meier
FHMW, Switzerland
Kaisa Nyberg
Nokia and Helsinki University of Technology, Finland
Elisabeth Oswald
Graz University of Technology, Austria
Josef Pieprzyk
Macquarie University, Australia
Bart Preneel
K.U.Leuven, Belgium
Greg Rose
Qualcomm, U.S.A.
Palash Sarkar
Indian Statistical Institute, India
Serge Vaudenay
EPFL, Switzerland
  Workshop Information and Stipends
The primary source of information is  but any
remaining questions can be sent to info.fse2007 at gmail.com a limited number
of stipends are available to those unable to obtain funding to attend the
workshop. Students, whose papers are accepted and who will present the paper
themselves, are encouraged to apply if such assistance is needed. Requests
for stipends should be sent to info.fse2007 at gmail.com.
