
@_date: 2016-12-16 23:45:07
@_author: Jack N. 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Photojournalists & filmmakers want cameras to be 
16. Dec 2016 01:09 by mitch at niftyegg.com:
Tom, I think your two issues are right but I also think you covered several different user requirements.
The warzone journalist has a different threat model then the political activist and even journalists working within their own countries would have more protections (ideally) then one working in countries with less freedom of press and human rights.
FDE on a camera will not solve all user scenarios/threat models although it may help alleviate some of them. Tamper proofing and authentication is something that should be built into all cameras and come as standard no? It does not harm a user who does not know about or want the feature, and offers those users who may end up needing to prove the authenticity of a photo later (an innocent bystander happened to take a photo of a crime etc) will have a much easier time doing that. Default FDE can help those who need it but it makes them possible suspects even if innocent, and those who need and use the default FDE will just be easier found and their equipment seized or taken etc etc..
I think a modular solution like this would be better for certain journalists and activists working over seas or in very hostile countries. A small laptop with a pgp public key encrypt the files and then storing them for later transmission back to the publishers servers. A SecureDrop style isolated offline machine that stores the private key for the extra paranoid, and Tor might be helpful when normal internet channels are blocked.
I think better still a raspberry pi might be helpful here, its pretty  you'll probably already have a battery pack power supply, large external hdd, sd card reader. Simply pop in the sd card from your camera, pi encrypts with public key onto external media storage and waits till an internet connection ( either from sat phone/cellular phone/mesh network/wifi back in the hotel) to upload to secured servers.
For tens of bucks and the gear a photographer usually always has carry with them then can have a stop-gap solution with slightly more functionality until device manufacturers actually do something that would cover ever user case. But as usual any solution to a security issue comes with pros and cons and their is no one best answer.

@_date: 2017-04-09 19:51:51
@_author: Jack N. 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Key escrow scheme 
9. Apr 2017 15:06 by phill at hallambaker.com:
Couldn't the SSShares reconstruct the master secret which is the encryption key?
the master secret needn't be another step removed from the shares.
If you use a 256bit for the master key you dont end have to have 256bit shares, or did you mean 256shares?
But i believe the normal approach to solving the problem, i think you are trying to solve is to use asymmetric encryption where the secret shares reconstruct the asymmetric private key info. Tho i fear you may have the same problem again if you have a fundamental misunderstanding on shamir sharing and prime secret size. could the bottom post of this thread help perhaps?

@_date: 2017-12-19 08:10:53
@_author: J.a.w.n 
@_subject: [Cryptography] TOR on a USB stick (fwd) 
19. Dec 2017 00:34 by dave at horsfall.org:
 Tails is old news for those who know, and new for those who dont. Similar idea is Whonix, but completely different approach. Also worth checking out for anyone not in the know. 
Tails is self-contained os on a usb, designed to leave no trace on the host machine.
Whonix is VM based which has a Tor VM within a host VM. 
Both work by trying to avoid privilege escalation from escaping out the sandbox and phoning home another via non Tor channels

@_date: 2017-11-09 21:04:04
@_author: J.a.w.n 
@_subject: [Cryptography] OpenRandom.Org Z1FFER HWRNG 
8. Nov 2017 16:31 by grarpamp at gmail.com:
 While I love little open source projects like these and really enjoy seeing what people can do with little money and lots of passion. 
I think that these kind of projects are the perfect use for cryptographic verification, https certs or shasums. The site is plain text, when let's encrypt certs are free and easy to install. There is no shasums of any files and other then the code being hosted on github there is no way to ensure it remains tamper free.
If I am cautious enough to go away and build my own RNG, I think I would have more piece of mind working from a secured source and with verifiable files.Not to be little what is a very nice project its more an observation, see u2f zero as an example.
