
@_date: 2014-01-13 18:30:28
@_author: Jonathan Hunt 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
I agree with the conference boycott. RSA has failed the security
community badly - the most charitable interpretation is total
incompetence. The undisclosed money from the NSA coming to light leads
to even less charitable interpretations.
RSA has demonstrated it is not to be trusted and no longer makes sense
as a organizer of a major security conference. The boycott is a
manifestation of their erosion of trust in the community and will
hopefully lead to an alternative conference organized by a security
organization whose name is not mud. The boycott is valuable if it
gives RSA bad publicity and helps the public learn how little
credibility RSA now has in the security community.
In the short term, yes, some collateral damage. In the long term,
security companies should learn that accepting money from the NSA (and
being, again, at best totally incompetent) risks their business -
including the conference organizing business.

@_date: 2014-01-15 11:24:27
@_author: Jonathan Hunt 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
Oh come on. Here is Schneier in 2007 linking to a presentation by 2
very respected cryptographers (Shumow, Ferguson) demonstrating their
ability to backdoor Dual EC by choosing the constants. This was a bad
of a break of an RNG as you could possibly hope to see.
You can choose between explaining RSA's actions as (evil) selling out
their customers or genuine incompetence at their stated core business.
But the results above were well-known in the security community since
2007 and demonstrated a practical possibility that Dual EC was
backdoored. From 2008 onwards, leaving Dual EC (with default
constants) as the default choice for a cryptographic library is not a
defensible choice.

@_date: 2014-01-15 14:04:56
@_author: Jonathan Hunt 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
I don't think anyone recommends using these broken constructs in new
projects (i.e. sets them as default in a cryptography library). There
are, of course, costs to changing legacy systems  and genuine
differences of opinion about the urgency of the change (for example
SHA-1 had known weakness prior to a demonstrated ability to find
This would be a reasonable defense for why DUAL_EC might need to be
left as an option in a crytography library (legacy support, for those
who need to meet government certifications etc.). Its not a reasonable
reason for leaving a demonstrably practical backdoored RNG as the
default for 5 years.
I really don't understand how much worse RSA's situation could get
before you'd agree with "drumming them out." They secretly took money
from the NSA. They, inexplicably, left a known-likely-backdoored RNG
as the default in their crytography library for 5 years (while
marketing it as being vetted by experts). Their recent response was
laughable (essentially saying they used NIST standards and abdicating
their own judgement). Is there anything a security company can do that
would make you loose your good faith in them?
(it also important to say that I'm not saying anything about
individual employees/owners etc of RSA most of whom were probably

@_date: 2014-01-20 12:15:00
@_author: Jonathan Hunt 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RSA is dead. 
Here is the presentation from 2007
demonstrating that when the constants are chosen they are able to
break DUAL EC. Note, not speculating, but demonstrating a working
attack (using their own chosen constants). "In every experiment 32
bytes of output was sufficient to uniquely identify the internal state
of the PRNG."
So the only unknown after 2007 was, does someone have the secrets from
the NIST specified constants? This is MUCH worse than some theoretical
weakness that may or may not turn out to be important. This is a
practical break.
No competent crypto company could be recommending DUAL EC after 2007.
No speculation about whether they should or shouldn't have trusted NSA
is needed. After 2007, DUAL EC was a known badly broken PRNG,
demonstrated a public presentation for respected crytographers. To
continue to leave it as the default for the next 5 years is a total
failure at their core business.

@_date: 2014-01-20 23:51:12
@_author: Jonathan Hunt 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd:  RSA is dead. 
Fair enough. And then one would expect a competent crypto company to
provide support for DUAL EC which requires the user to generate a set
of constants and refuses to use the NIST defaults.
Good crypto library design should try to make it hard for users to
shoot themselves in the foot (see for example Peter Gutmann's cryptlib).
