
@_date: 2013-10-11 14:08:23
@_author: Joe Abley 
@_subject: [Cryptography] PGP Key Signing parties 
The most recent key signing party I attended was five days ago (DNS-OARC meeting in Phoenix, AZ). I commonly have half a dozen opportunities to participate in key signing parties during a typical year's travel schedule to workshops, conferences and other meetings. This is not uncommon in the circles I work in (netops, dnsops).
My habit before signing anything is generally at least to have had a conversation with someone, observed their interactions with people I do know (I generally have worked with other people at the party). I'll check government-issued IDs, but I'm aware that I am not an expert in counterfeit passports and I never feel like that I am able to do a good job at it.
(I showed up to a key signing party at the IETF once with a New Zealand passport, a Canadian passport, a British passport, an expired Canadian permanent-resident card, three driving licences and a Canadian health card, and offered the bundle to anybody who cared to review them to make this easier for others. But that was mainly showing off.)
I have used key ceremonies to poison edges and nodes in the graph of trust following observations that particular individuals don't do a good enough job of this, or that (in some cases) they appear to have made signatures at an event where I was present and I know they were not. That's a useful adjunct to a key ceremony (I think) that many people ignore. The web of trust can also be a useful web of distrust.

@_date: 2013-10-21 11:19:07
@_author: Joe Abley 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Mail Lists In the Post-Snowden Era 
There are trusted groups around that use e-mail for discussion of tactical opsec issues. The key elements are:
 - people are vetted by humans before they are allowed to join (you need N other people to vouch for you before you are allowed through the door)
 - people are required to upload PGP public keys to a central resource
 - PGP-encrypted mail to the list server address is decrypted on the list server and encrypted individually towards list subscribers before being distributed
 - non-encrypted mail is distributed in plaintext (so control over the decision to encrypt rests with the sender)
This leaves all the plaintext on the central server, which is a natural point for interception/subpoena.
It does go some way to enforcing transport security for mail, however (making it harder to intercept STARTTLS-or-not paths between list server and mailbox).
The membership vetting can no doubt be gamed, but it provides at least some barrier to infiltration-as-member.
The fact that you're sending mail to the "list" is still trivial to identify from a packet-level intercept, even if the content of the conversation is obscured.

@_date: 2013-10-31 16:29:17
@_author: Joe Abley 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What's a Plausible Attack On Random Number 
Perhaps there's an opportunity here to think about dedicated hosts in such a network with good random number sources which spray randomness around a site-local multicast scope.
Such an approach could be weakened by spraying similar (deliberately) weak randomness around the place, which implies a need to authenticate the real random spray sources (pre-shared key + signed random payload, or something).

@_date: 2013-09-10 17:04:51
@_author: Joe Abley 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Suppose Mallory has access to the private keys of CAs which are in "the" browser list or otherwise widely-trusted.
An on-path attack between Alice and Bob would allow Mallory to terminate Alice's TLS connection, presenting an opportunistically-generated server-side certificate with signatures that allow it to be trusted by Alice without pop-ups and warnings. Instantiating a corresponding session with Bob and ALGing the plaintext through with interception is then straightforward.
This would be detectable by Bob by the visible client address, but that could be obfuscated (Mallory could exit the session through something tor-like, for example, to avoid advertising their topological location; this would just make it look like Alice is using tor).
In the case where Alice is presenting a certificate specifically trusted by Bob, this wouldn't work so well. But my observation is that many TLS-protected streams used by consumers don't use client certificate authentication.
As an aside, I see CAs with Chinese organisation names in my browser list. I don't know how to distinguish between enterprises and government from this side of the Pacific (so, presumably, assume they are all government). I had always assumed that this was already happening at the Great Firewall, as a working example of government-sponsored TLS interception with no requirement for expensive crunching of large integers.

@_date: 2013-09-10 17:44:28
@_author: Joe Abley 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
I don't feel qualified to endorse "impossible", but for the armchair crypto spectator it does sound very much like the right thing.
