
@_date: 2015-06-03 22:06:01
@_author: Jah Love 
@_subject: [Cryptography] DEA bulk spying, FBI Spy Planes, IMEI Catchers, 
There's some amazing stuff going into the US House of Representative's HR2578. Here's some links to some of it:
You can read the discussion on the amendment to ban the DEA from bulk surveillance here at page 83:  It passed!
I got the link to that PDF at the Recent Sessions On-Demand tab at this link which also has archived videos of the proceedings: These other amendments also just passed a few hours ago:
3:16:54 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	An amendment, offered by Mr. Massie, to prohibit the use of funds by the National Institute of Standards and Technology to consult with the National Security Agency or the CIA to alter cryptographic or computer standards, except to improve information security.
3:16:56 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	DEBATE - Pursuant to the provisions of H. Res. 287, the Committee of the Whole proceeded with 10 minutes of debate on the Third Massie amendment.
3:26:26 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	POSTPONED PROCEEDINGS - At the
conclusion of debate on the Third Massie amendment, the Chair put the
question on adoption of the amendment and by voice vote, announced that
the ayes had prevailed. Mr. Massie demanded a recorded vote and the
Chair postponed further proceedings on the question of adoption of the
amendment until a time to be announced.
3:35:34 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	An amendment, offered by Mr. Issa, to prohibit the use of funds to operate or disseminate a cell-site simulator or IMSI catcher in the United States except pursuant to a court order that identifies an individual, account, address, or personal device.
3:37:29 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	DEBATE - Pursuant to the provisions of H. Res. 287, the Committee of the Whole proceeded with 10 minutes of debate on the Issa Amendment.
4:06:04 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	An amendment, offered by Mr. Lamborn, to prohibit the use of funds to collect information about individuals attending gun shows, by means of an automatic license plate reader, or to retain any information so collected.
4:06:06 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	DEBATE - Pursuant to the provisions of H. Res. 287, the Committee of the Whole proceeded with 10 minutes of debate on the Lamborn amendment, pending a reservation of a point of order.
4:12:43 P.M. 	H.R. 2578 	Mr. Farr raised a point of order against the Lamborn amendment. Mr. Farr stated that the amendment seeks to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriations bill. The Chair sustained the point of order.

@_date: 2018-03-19 22:50:00
@_author: Jah Love 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Avoiding PGP 
Some links and short notes that are relevant to this discussion:
A free software Gmail-type replacement with PGP encryption built in is
approaching its 1.0 release after nearly 6 years of work:
They also just hired some devs to finish up the Mac and Windows
packaging: Among a lot of other amazing things, Mailpile has implemented encrypted
subject headers via Memory Hole:
Mailpile has some good blog posts about PGP:
That last blog post is a response to anti-GPG posts like this one:
Signal on Android is *not* 100% free software because it does not build
without these nonfree libraries:
The play-services maven repo also would need to be removed from Signal,
but no one has figured out how to do that and still get it to build:
It'd be great if Signal or some independent contributors could address
this issue and provide a way to have an APK that is 100% free software,
but I'm not holding my breath. Please contribute to this if you can!
LibreSignal has the exact same problems and so it isn't Libre and should
stop using Libre in the name because that is super confusing:
 Signal for GNU+Linux has a number of issues with it as well, some of
which are outlined here: My hot take:
You can't have privacy without security.
You can't have security without freedom.
XMPP+OMEMO is way better than XMPP+OTR: You can find clients with OMEMO support here: You have to make sure you're using an XMPP server with the proper XEPs
installed. Use this chart if you need help finding one:
NeoPG is a modern drop-in replacement for GnuPG 2: A presentation on NeoPG can be viewed at around minute 47 here:
Why is GPG "damn near unusable"? An overview of usable security
Briar is a new kid on the block which looks promising:
Ricochet doesn't seem to be updated often enough, but is worth
mentioning as a possible email replacement:
