
@_date: 2003-06-19 11:17:25
@_author: James Hughes 
@_subject: CFP, Security In Storage Workshop 
Call for Papers -- Please forward
Second IEEE International Security In Storage Workshop
October 31th, 2003 -- Washington, DC, USA
Sponsored by theIEEE Computer Society Task Force on Information The ability to create large shared storage systems in a secure manner is an area that has received little formal research or results. A comprehensive, systems approach to storage security is required if storage consolidation is to succeed. This workshop serves as an open forum to discuss storage threats, technologies, methodologies and deployment.The workshop seeks submissions from academia and industry presenting novel research on all theoretical and practical aspects of designing, building and managing secure storage systems; possible topics include, but are not limited to the following:
Cryptographic Algorithms for Storage
Cryptanalysis of Systems and Protocols
Key Management for Storage Novel Implementations
Key Management for File Systems
Unintended Data Recovery
Attacks on Storage Area Networks and Storage
Insider Attack Countermeasures
Security for Mobile Storage
Deployment of Secure Storage Mechanisms
Defining and Defending Trust Boundaries in Storage
Security in Federated Systems
Relating Storage Security to Network Security
Security for Internet Storage Service Providers
The goal of the workshop is to disseminate new research, and to bring together researchers and practitioners from both governmental and civilian areas. Accepted papers will be published by IEEE Press in the workshop's post-proceedings.
Program Co-Chairs
James Hughes (StorageTek, USA)
Jack Cole (US Army Research Laboratory, USA)
Program Committee
Donald Beaver (Seagate, USA)
Randal Burns (Johns Hopkins University, USA)
Yongdae Kim (University of Minnesota, USA)
Ben Kobler (NASA Goddard, USA)
Fabio Maino (Andiamo Systems, USA)
Ethan Miller (UC Santa Cruz, USA)
David McGrew (Cisco Systems, USA)
Andrew Odlyzko (University of Minnesota, USA)
Jean-Jacques Quisquater (UCL, Belgium)
Pierangela Samarati (University of Milan, Italy)
Rodney Van Meter (Keio University, Japan)
Submissions Papers must list all authors and affiliations, begin with a title, a short abstract, a list of key words, and an introduction. Theintroduction should summarize the contributions of the paper at a level appropriate for a non-specialist reader. Papers may be submitted in ASCII text, PostScript, PDF, HTML, or Microsoft Word.Papers should be at most 15 pages in length including the bibliography, figures, and appendices (using 10pt body text and two-column layout). Authors are responsible for obtaining appropriate clearances. Authors of accepted papers will be asked to sign IEEE copyright release forms. Final submissions must be in camera-ready PostScript or PDF. Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that their paper will be presented at the conference. Papers that duplicate work that any of the authors have or will publish elsewhere are acceptable for presentation at the workshop. However, only original papers will be considered for publication in the proceedings.
Important Dates
Paper due: August 11, 2003
Notification of acceptance: September 20, 2003
Workshop paper due: October 13, 2003
Workshop: October 31, 2003
Proceedings paper due: November 17, 2003
Submissions and questions should be sent electronically to James Hughes
