
@_date: 2001-11-14 11:05:43
@_author: Jason 
@_subject: Secure C?  An intresting area 
Cyclone is a programing language for secure systems programming. The
language is closely based on C (it uses the same grammar and base types),
however, it eliminates certain unsafe features (unsafe casts and arbitrary
pointer dereferences). By removing these features, we can guarantee that
Cyclone programs will not have buffer overflows or other memory corruptions
that can result in security breaches or crashes. Thus, programs written in
Cyclone should be inherently more secure than their equivalent C programs.
We have implemented a compiler for Cyclone in written in Cyclone. For more
information about Cyclone, contact

@_date: 2001-09-11 08:59:06
@_author: Jason 
@_subject: Cryptography News: FORWARDED 
* PGP opens up complete encryption source code
September 7th, 2001
One of the first encryption products is made available to all.  PGP
Security -- a division of Network Associates that has been criticised in
the past for being too proprietary -- has made available the electronic
distribution of its complete source code for the PGPsdk, its cryptographic
toolkit. PGP, which was one of the world's first encryption products and a
de facto standard for encryption, is the foundation of all PGP Desktop,
Wireless and Server products.  The release of the source code will provide
academic researchers and cryptographers the ability to review every detail
of PGPsdk's cryptographic features. The move comes a short time after the
US government recently relaxed export regulations on cryptographic source
code, Santa Clara, California-based PGP Security said. All of article.
* Quantum Crypto to the Rescue
September 7th, 2001
This week has been big for cryptography.  It's seen both technical and
theoretical advances in next-generation quantum crypto systems and
technology.  It's seen a prototype enter its testing phase that could send
secret crypto keys through open air to a satellite or across town.

@_date: 2002-01-08 11:35:52
@_author: Jason 
@_subject: Hackers Targeting Home Computers 
I too see many hacking attempts on Home PCs (Win2000 and Win98). I am in the
UK and on British Telecom's ADSL.
I find it interesting that many sweeps seem to be from Fast Bandwidth
clients.  I can change between ADSL and K56 and when on K56 attempts
Firewall blocks the sweeps, the serious attempts and traces.
Interesting to See that **MANY** attacks originate in Germany, some in
Has anyone seen any attacks on XP yet?  Open Administrative ports!!! Like
bees to flowers.
majordomo at wasabisystems.com
