
@_date: 2001-07-30 17:04:30
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: perl OpenPGP posted at CPAN 
This is, of course, very useful.  More implementations will help get us a
simpler tighter implementation of the basic needed things that GPG today

@_date: 2001-11-21 16:50:19
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Shades of FV's Nathaniel Borenstein: Carnivore's "Magic Lantern" 
If you are running a source secret operating system, it is more difficult
to detect tampering.

@_date: 2001-09-08 21:27:22
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel: The SSSCA  
The Hollings bill simply outlaws private ownership of home computers. It
requires the Ministry of Infotainment to have permanent irremovable root
privileges on every personal computer.  The Ministry is required to run a
complete log of every read and write to the hard disk and of all
connections to the Net.

@_date: 2001-09-10 00:26:38
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel: The SSSCA 
All "interactive digital" systems that directly connect to the net will
have to licensed.  Most that do not connect directly will also have to be
licensed.  License costs will be high enough so that only a few large
companies can afford them.  Individuals will not be allowed to assemble
components to make a computer for themselves, unless they spend millions
on a license, and wait some months for the paperwork to go through.

@_date: 2001-09-08 21:27:22
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel: The SSSCA  
The Hollings bill simply outlaws private ownership of home computers. It
requires the Ministry of Infotainment to have permanent irremovable root
privileges on every personal computer.  The Ministry is required to run a
complete log of every read and write to the hard disk and of all
connections to the Net.

@_date: 2001-09-10 00:26:38
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel: The SSSCA 
All "interactive digital" systems that directly connect to the net will
have to licensed.  Most that do not connect directly will also have to be
licensed.  License costs will be high enough so that only a few large
companies can afford them.  Individuals will not be allowed to assemble
components to make a computer for themselves, unless they spend millions
on a license, and wait some months for the paperwork to go through.

@_date: 2002-08-01 20:41:23
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
Claimed advantage to me here?
    Claimed advantage to me here?
    Claimed advantage to me here?
    Claimed advantage to me here?
    Claimed advantage to me here?
Of course we do not agree.  Under the DRM/TCPA regime I cannot legally do
the following thing:
Spoof your handshake and then run my cracker on the encrypted data you send me.
So some software will not legally run under DRM/TCPA.
See above.  Please be precise in your response.
No.  They are exactly "software needs to be signed to run".  Otherwise why
cannot I run cp on the movie that Time-Warner-AOL sends me?
Ah, so much for your claim that all software that now runs will run under
DRM/TCPA.  You admit that software I may now run cannot be run under
No.  Under DRM every "hole" must be plugged.  Else what is the bleating
about the "analogue hole"?  So obviously no non-DRM computer may be allowed
to be sold to the general public under DRM.
Demonstration by formal admission of pro-DRM forces:
Section 4.12 of the Final Report of the Broadcast Protection Discussion Group, found in the main body of the report at
Ah, now you have fallen off the high line of the long troll.  This is simply
beneath the level of your game.  What you should do is claim that even if
DRM is enforced all over the world, that this must be, from a higher and
more encompassing viewpoint, a triumph of "the market" and the will of the
Good grief!  Please retuen to a less hopelessly ridiculous line.  If TCPA
is so good, and it "might win in the market", well, let 10,000 TCPA
implementations bloom!
I have demonstrated, by example, and by official statements of your own
side, that your claims are incorrect..
I recommend a broader. looser, and more amusing approach to the defense of
DRM.  I like the old Hegelian standard: "THE OVERMIND NEEDS DRM NOW SO AS
TO BE BORN WITHOUT RIPPING ALL HUMAN HISTORY INTO NON-EXISTENCE BY

@_date: 2002-08-02 14:36:38
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
a. TCPA/Palladium must be integrated with laws which give to the
Englobulators absolute legal cudgel powers, such as the DMCA.  So far I
have not seen any proposal by the Englobulators to repeal the DMCA and
cognate laws, so if TCPA/Palladium is imposed, the DMCA will be used, just
as HP threatened to use it a couple of days ago.  And, of course, today
there is no imposed TCPA/Palladium, so the situation will be much worse
when there is.
b. Why must TCPA/Palladium be a dongle on the whole computer?  Why not a
separate dongle?  Because, of course, the Englobulators proceed here on
principle.  The principle being that only the Englobulators have a right to
own printing presses/music studios/movie and animation studios.
There is a business, not yet come into existence, of providing standard
crypto services to law offices.

@_date: 2002-08-03 15:34:25
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Privacy-enhancing uses for TCPA 
< ... />
< ... />
No.  Have you included the cost of giving every computer on Earth to the
Englobulators?  If you wish, we can write an implementation of the
wonderful protocols for distributed safer card drawing and we can play our
games of poker.  And we may run our poker room on the hardware and software
we have today, no need for DRM.
Indeed today millions use toady's untrammeled hardware and, this is
incredible, Microsoft OSes to conduct their personal banking.  If "the
market" considers that present systems suffice for this, well, I do not
think that we need surrender our computers to the Englobulators to save
three man-months of programmer time.
ad next moves in the eristic tree:
You: Marginals vs. total time-space integrated costs/benefits!
I: Happy to demonstrate estimates of totals come out for my side.

@_date: 2002-08-05 16:39:22
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: dangers of TCPA/palladium 
< ... />
I am much in sympathy with the "Give the market a chance." slogan.  But
TCPA/Palladium/DRM and Jack Valenti are not.  Nor are you.  Phillips could
make and sell a device, even the sort of trammeled computer that Jack
Valenti wishes to be universally imposed by law, within one year from
today.  Indeed, IBM, Sun, Apple, Dell, Sony, and any number of other
companies could have sold such a device any day they wished over the past
fifteen years.  Yet they have not.  So the market has decided, by your
standard.  The decision is clear: No DRM.
Of course, the minimal demand of the pro-DRM forces is to have root on
every machine in the world, with evasion of their root control a felony.
You support DRM lock stock and barrel, no matter your demonstrably
inaccurate claims that
1. You are all for the market.
2. Well, DRM is not so bad, see, RIAA-MPAA-AAP will give us all root on
their machines, so it is all equal!
3. Why, your computer will be exactly the same under DRM as it is today,
except better!
Today Microsoft and its script children have root on many machines, yet
there is no single root password for them.  Rather there is a system, which
1. agreements with Dell, IBM, etc., to only offer for sale hardware with Microsoft OSes loaded
2. hardware that only runs right with a Microsoft OS
3. extortionate forced "license agreements" with end-users
4. hypnotic control of the mass media, which always claim that "After all,
you will have to run only Microsoft OSes forever."
5. hypnotic control of the managers who "decide" which OS to run, which
managers always claim that "After all, we have to run only Microsoft OSes
Of course, this hypnosis is mainly self-hypnosis, with only trim-tab level
direction by Microsoft, Dell, IBM, Sun, Apple, etc..

@_date: 2002-08-07 12:21:57
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: more TCPA stuff (Re: "trust me" pseudonyms in TCPA) 
< ... />
So part of the spec for Palladium is that no EULA of the sort Microsoft now
uses for patches will be allowed?
Where in the spec does this guarantee appear and where may we see the well
attested signature of Bill Gates?
If Microsoft is today demanding root with menaces on all "W2K" and "XP"
machines, what would Microsoft do under the Radiant Palladium Regime?

@_date: 2002-08-09 15:16:34
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
< ... />
There are many solutions at the level of "technical protocols" that solve
the projection of these problems down to the low dimensional subspace of
"technical problems".  Some of these "technical protocols" will be part of
a full system which accomplishes the desired ends.  Please contact me
off-list if you willing to spend some money for an implementation.
Your claim, if true, would also demonstrate that no credit card payments
over the Net, no apt-get style updating, no Paypal-like system, no crypto
time-stamp system, etc., can exist today.
AARG!, this is again unworthy of you.  You are capable of attempting to
confuse and misdirect at a higher level.
You might wish to emphasize that the real difficulties are at the levels
where the reasons for the small usage of GNUPG lie.  That really the
"technical" details of the TCPA/Palladium system hardly matter.  What
TCPA/Palladium will allow is the provision to the masses of even more
powerful brews of fantasy, game playing, advertising, etc..  And that there
will be a small number of hobbyists who use the "unprotected ports of
TCPA/Palladium" for their own limited experiments/amusements/etc..  The
real point of TCPA/Palladium is that a "locus of trust", seemingly
guaranteed by the Powers That Be, will be created, and that the existence
of this same locus, under the facies of "locus of dealmaking/lawyering",
will so reassure the Infotainment Arm of the Englobulators that the Arm
will unleash its extraordinary forces to build and sell ever more
entrancing Palaces of Dreams.  The "unprotected ports" will allow a mostly
self-supporting farm team system which will function without much direct
oversight and little outlay of money by Englobulator Central or any of the
Arms.  The limited freedom of the Farm System, with its convenient pull
strings, for the cases where something large and not controlled by Those
Who Know Best takes off, will be a powerful lure to up and coming future
Talent, who, when the time comes, may be Signed, without today's confusing
and annoying possibility of continued independence.  Indeed, the EULA of
every system might have a section which binds users who display Marketable
Things to an automatic Arbitration of Contract.

@_date: 2002-07-10 17:17:06
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
< ... />
< ... />
Nonsense.  Let us remember what Palladium is:
Palladium is a system designed to enable a few large corporations and
governments to run source secret, indeed, well-encrypted, code on home
user's machines in such a way that the home user cannot see, modify, or
control the running code.
The Orwellian, strictly Animal Farmish, claim runs: "Why it is all just
perfectly OK, because anyone can run source secret, well encrypted, code in
an uncontrolled manner on anyone's machine at will!  We are all equal, it
is just that some, that is, We the Englobulators, will in practice get to
run source secret, well-encrypted, code on hundreds of millions of users'
machines while you, you will never run such code on anybody else's machine
except at a hobbyists' fair, precisely to demonstrate we are all equal.".
There are other advantages to Palladium:
No free kernel will ever freely boot on a Palladium machine.
And there is more.   If Palladium is instituted:
Microsoft will support the most vicious interpretation of the DMCA and
press for passage of the SSSCA, in order that the first crack does not
prove to the world that Palladium cannot prevent all copyright
infringement.  Microsoft will be able to say "See, it is these
GNU/BSD/XFree/Sendmail/Apache/CLISP folk who are causing all this dreadful
copyright infringement.  Why owning a non-Palladium machine should be
declared, no, not illegal, we are not monsters after all, but probative
evidence that the owner is an infringer, and more, a general infringer and
a member of the Copyright Infringement Conspiracy.  Why some of them even
write such code as the well known, and in CIC circles, widely used, tool of
infringement called 'cp'.  Senator, I know you will be as shocked as I was
when I learned what 'cp' stands for.  It stands for 'copy'.  And I do not
mean safe Englobulator-Certified Fair Use Copying, such as is provided by
the Triple X Box, which, for a reasonable license fee, allows up to six
copy-protected copies to be made before settling of accounts and
re-certification of the Box over the net.  No, I mean, raw, completely
promiscuous copying of any file on the machine, as many times as the
infringer wishes.  Without record, without payment to the artist, without
restraint.  Senator, I prefer to call cp 'The Boston Strangler', because
that is exactly what it is.  And every single non-Palladium operating
system in the world comes with cp already loaded, loaded and running.".

@_date: 2002-07-11 12:15:59
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [fairuse-discuss] DC 7/17:  We Are The Stakeholders! (fwd) 
Come on down, Defenders of the Right to Own Computers and the Right to Bear Bignums!
Students of Sausage and Law Making are particularly welcome.
Richard Stallman will be there.  Will you?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: fairuse-discuss at mrbrklyn.com
     C-FIT_Release_Community at RealMeasures.dyndns.org,
     fairuse-discuss at mrbrklyn.com, hangout at nylxs.com, rms at gnu.org,
     kmarks at mac.com, tompoe at renonevada.net, DMCA_Discuss at lists.microshaft.org,
     DMCA-Activists at gnu.org, Free-Sklyarov at zork.net
WE ARE THE STAKEHOLDERS!
This coming Wednesday, July 17th, the United States Commerce
Department is conducting a Public Workshop on digital
entertainment and "rights management."  This "workshop" will
be constituted of a panel including the MPAA's Jack Valenti,
the RIAA's Mitch Glazier, Microsoft's Andrew Moss, and
representatives for Disney, IBM, Intel, Vivendi Universal,
EMI, and ContentGuard.  Please see the media releases pasted
below for details.
These panelists represent the major forces who have prompted
Congress to propose such radical measures as Senator Fritz
Holling's CBDTPA Bill, which proposes to require content
control to be built into all computers.
Since the public holds the largest stake in the prospects of
digital information and communications technology, it is
crucial that a strong showing be made at this meeting.
If you can attend this meeting, please do so.  If you
can't,  please forward this message to any interested
parties that you know.  Please reply to this email and let
your interest in participating be known.  A group is being
put together to attend this meeting and declare in no
uncertain terms:
WE ARE THE STAKEHOLDERS!
Please attend, spread the word, reply to let it be known
that you are participating, and help us put together a
strong message and presentation of our concerns regarding
this issue.
Seth Johnson
SUMMARY: The United States Department of Commerce Technology
Administration (TA) announces a public workshop on digital
entertainment and its availability to consumers. The
workshop will help gather data on such issues as the status
of technical standards that provide the framework necessary
to enable legitimate digital media distribution and the
present state of strengths, weaknesses and availability of
current and imminent technological solutions to protect
digital content, barriers that are inhibiting movies, music
and games from coming online.
DATES: This workshop will be held on July 17, 2002, from 1
p.m.-4 p.m.
ADDRESSES: The workshop will be held at the Herbert C.
Hoover Building, 1401 Constitution Avenue, NW., Room 4830,
Washington, DC. Entrance on 14th between Pennsylvania and
Constitution Aves., NW.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Further information
relevant to the substantive issues to be addressed by this
workshop may be obtained from Chris Israel Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Technology Policy, Technology Administration,
(202) 482-5687. Limited seating will be available to members
of the general public. It is recommended that persons
wishing to become general public attendees arrive early, as
seating will be first come, first served.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Pursuant to its statutory
authority found at 15 U.S.C. 3704(c), the Technology
Administration is authorized, among other things, to conduct
technology policy analyses to improve United States
industrial productivity, technology, and innovation,
cooperate with United States industry in the improvement of
its productivity, technology, and ability to compete
successfully in world markets, and identify technological
needs, problems, and opportunities within and across
industrial sectors, that, if addressed, could make a
significant contribution to the economy of the United
      With these responsibilities in mind, the Technology
Administration is planning on holding a moderated series of
informal discussions with relevant stakeholders to gather
information on the availability of digital entertainment and
status of copyright protection and rights management tools.
The discussions will help gather data on such issues as the
strength, weaknesses and availability of technological
solutions, as well as network capability, and the proper
role for the Government in facilitating solutions that are
best for innovation and best for consumers.
      Topics to be addressed at the workshop include:
     - The effectiveness of efforts to pursue technical
standards or solutions that are designed to provide a more
predictable and secure environment for digital transmission
of copyright material;
     - Major obstacles facing an open commercial exchange of
digital content;
     - What a future framework for success might entail;
     - Current consumer attitude towards online
      The workshop will focus on these and other related
issues. Anyone wishing to comment on these or raise related
issues is free to do so, either in writing before the
meeting, or in person at the meeting. Prior comments will be
collected via the Technology Administration Web
site-- and are
requested by July 11, 2002.
      Authority: This work effort is being initiated
pursuant to TA's statutory responsibilities, codified at
section 3704 of Title 15 of the United States Code.
      Dated: June 28, 2002.
Phillip J. Bond,
Undersecretary of Commerce for Technology.
[FR Doc. 02-16740 Filed 7-2-02; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3510-18-M
MEDIA ADVISORY
Workshop on Digital Content and "Rights Management"
Officials Will Be Joined by Representatives of the
Entertainment and Tech Industries
Wednesday, July 17, 2002 1:00 PM ?4:00 PM
U.S. Department of Commerce, Room 4830
14th and Constitution Avenues, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20230
Phil Bond, Under Secretary of Commerce for Technology and
Chief of Staff to Secretary Don Evans, and James Rogan,
Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property, will
co-chair a roundtable discussion on the subject of digital
content and rights management.
This roundtable discussion builds upon a December 17, 2001
Technology Administration workshop that took an in-depth
look at both technical and policy questions standing in the
way of widespread availability of legitimate digital content
over the Internet.
The focus of this event will include: progress toward
technical standards that provide the framework necessary to
enable legitimate digital media distribution, developments
in the market for digital content as well as consumer
perceptions and expectations, and the proper role for the
government in facilitating solutions that are best for
innovation and best for consumers.
Forrester Research estimates that by 2003 the market for
digital downloads will be worth $2 billion, and that by 2004
up to 25% of all online music sales will be downloads. Many
business leaders and government officials believe the wide
availability of high-quality, legal digital content remains
a key to further expediting penetration of broadband
Internet services in the U.S. and the expansion of important
technology-based industries.
Co-chairs Bond and Rogan will be joined by:
- Jack Valenti, of Motion Picture Association of America
- Rhett Dawson, of Information Technology Industry Council
- Joe Tasker, of Information Technology Association of
- Mitch Glazier, Record Industry Association of America
- Jon Potter, Digital Media Association
- Stewart Vendery, Vivendi Universal
- Preston Padden, Disney
- Mike Miron, ContentGuard
- Rick Lane, News Corp
- Gordon Lyon, NIST
- Rob Reid, Listen.com
- Phillip Maggi, Computer Systems Policy Project
- Tim Sheehy, IBM
- Andrew Moss, Microsoft
- Ted Cohen, EMI
- Doug Comer, Intel
- Bob Schwartz, McDermott, Will & Emery (representing CEA
and the Home Recording Rights Coalition.)
In preparation for this workshop, the Technology
Administration invites public comment on our website at:
Contacts:  Cheryl Mendonsa, Technology Administration
Telephone: 202 482-8321
Email: cheryl.mendonsa at ta.doc.gov, or
Marjorie Weisskohl, Technology Administration
Telephone: 202 482-0149
Email: Mweisskohl at ta.doc.gov
New Yorkers for Fair Use -
because it's either fair use or useless....

@_date: 2003-01-27 13:06:07
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: FYI: Palladium now NGSCB 
I think that if we cooperate we can stop this absurd Orwellian grab of a
perfectly generic phrase.  "Palladium" is the proper name.  Microsoft
should not be allowed to claim "next-generation secure computing base" as a
trademark nor as a term meaning Palladium.  Not as a trademark because the
phrase is deceptive and generic and not as a term because the term is
deceptive and generic.  There is no advantage to us in propagating this
crude lie.
I ask that those on this list continue to refer to Palladium by its right
name "Palladium".  If we continue to use "Palladium" to mean Microsoft's
program, "Palladium" remains a useful term of art.  It is precise and
accurate, whereas "next-generation secure computing base" is misleading,
vague, and inaccurate.

@_date: 2003-03-13 21:45:43
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Microsoft: Palladium will not limit what you can run 
The Xbox will not boot any free kernel without hardware modification.
The Xbox is an IBM style peecee with some feeble hardware and software DRM.
A Palladiated box is an IBM style peecee with serious hardware and software
So, a fortiori, your claim is false.

@_date: 2003-11-19 04:34:38
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: STANFORD LOCAL: Wednesday 19 November 2003: Microsoft will claim 
the truth
---------- Forwarded message ----------
At this event tomorrow, Microsoft will try to present Palladium as a
security measure.  It would be useful if a few people who understand
the issues of treacherous computing and security could show up there
and point out flaws in that argument meant to justify Palladium.
Flaws could include (1) that in practice this "solution" wouldn't
solve the whole problem unless users' usage is grievously limited,
and (2) you could do as much for security in other ways that won't
attack the user's freedom.
Reply-To: ee380 at shasta.stanford.edu
              COMPUTER SYSTEMS LABORATORY COLLOQUIUM
               4:15PM, Wednesday, November 19, 2003
       NEC Auditorium, Gates Computer Science Building B03
                   Topic:    Improving the Security Structure through Code Identity
Speaker:  John Manferdelli
          Microsoft Corporation
About the talk:
What are the current insecurities in current operating systems
and what repairs are being made to make the systems secure.
About the speaker:
[Portrait] As general manager of the Windows Trusted Platform
Infrastructures (WTPI) group at Microsoft Corp., John Manferdelli
is responsible for providing the strategic direction for the
development and integration of security technologies in the
Microsoft Windows operating system.
(See the web posting for a full biography.)
Microsoft and Windows are either registered trademarks or
trademarks of Microsoft Corp. in the United States and/or other
countries. The names of actual companies and products mentioned
herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Contact Infomration
John Manferdelli
Embedded Links:
[ 1 ]    Distributed poC TINC:
Jay Sulzberger Corresponding Secretary LXNY
LXNY is New York's Free Computing Organization.

@_date: 2004-12-14 19:03:20
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: The Pointlessness of the MD5 "attacks" 
No.  The C library, running on hardware without serious defenses, is
sufficiently obscure, that one more possibility of spoofing makes things
Yes, but having a crack for a crypto hash makes all these things easier.
It can help disguise such attacks.
Again, the MD5 crack helps.  Here one attack is obvious: third parties may
more easily make substitutions of code.
The MD5 crack helps here in several ways.  Perhaps the most important is
that if MD5 is thought to be uncracked, that simple MD5 checking might be
considered so safe that no second check is used, at points where a second
and third check would help, thus opening up a possible avenue of attack.
Indeed, even before MD5 was widely known to be cracked, competent security
folk often recommended that several hashes be used since in most
applications the cost of computing hashes is small.  One point to remember
is that the published cracks are likely only a small part of the cracks
known to well funded professionals.  The parallel to the case of the weak
Enigmas is that many people buying the weak Enigmas thought they were
uncracked, else they would not have bought them.  Despite the recent
published MD5 cracks, it is clear that the most interesting cracks of MD5
are as yet unpublished.

@_date: 2005-02-03 01:13:41
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
After TCPA systems are the only systems for sale at CompUSA, how long
before this off switch is removed?  All agree we live in a time of crisis;
at any moment MICROSOFT/RIAA/MPAA/HOMSECPOL/CONGREGATIONOFMARTYRS may
require of all of us an attestation of faith and obedience greater and more
secure than present hardware can convincingly convey.

@_date: 2006-12-19 15:59:40
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Discuss-gnuradio] VT receives NSF grant for SDR security (fwd) 
Date: Tue, 19 Dec 2006 10:24:44 -0500
  From: dpreed at reed.com (David P. Reed)
  To: discuss-gnuradio at gnu.org
  Subject: Re: [Discuss-gnuradio] VT receives NSF grant for SDR security
  Greg - I think the concept of "software defined radio" being explored by the VT
  folks is a concept I persoally refer to as "crippled software radio".
  It is based on a discredited theory of "security" that was called a "secure
  kernel" when I was a student 30 years ago.  In other words - that there is a
  small, well-defined portion of a system that can be certified separately from
  the rest of the system, which has the essential property that its *correct*
  operation *guarantees* that the entire system will be secure according to *all
  possible interpretations* of the word secure.
  I worked on a project of this sort, and am currently ashamed that I helped
  perpetuate that charade.   I can only say that many others helped - it funded
  lots of work on "proving programs correct" - on the theory that it was feasible
  to prove small programs correct, and thus whole systems "secure".
  The big lie, of course, is that the researchers essentially redefined the word
  "secure" to mean the trivial notion of security that you couldn't compromise
  the "kernel".   Of course today we stare the fraudulence of that idea in the
  face: phishing, XSS, and other very dangerous attacks do not depend one whit on
  a failure to secure a "kernel" of the operating system, or even the "kernel" of
  a router.
  Yet the idea that incorrectness is the same thing as insecurity persists in
  such ideas as the idea that you need "hardware inegrity" to prevent attacks on
  radio systems.
  I suggest that it is impossible to carry on a dialog with folks like the VT
  researchers, because they must necessarily buy into the "certification of
  correctness" notion of security.    If they were concerned with "correctness"
  that would be fine - we could carry out a meaningful discussion about the
  difficulty of determining correctness in a system that is inherently focusing
  on getting reliable communications through unreliable channels (information
  theory).   But since they play to the gods of deterministic correctness -
  unreliability doesn't fit in their notion of "security" - they cannot even
  consider the idea that there is no "kernel" that can be certified to reduce
  risk.
  _______________________________________________
  Discuss-gnuradio mailing list
  Discuss-gnuradio at gnu.org

@_date: 2013-12-24 20:57:48
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Can we move this list to an online forum please? 
I am for keeping this list a mailing list.
ad your list of advantages of a "simplemachines" web-forum over
this mailing list: I believe your list is correct, except for a sign error.

@_date: 2013-12-26 19:15:18
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Cryptography] =?utf-8?q?Trustworthy_encryption_-_step_one=2E=2E?= 
Below is from the gnupg-users list.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
  To: "=?utf-8?B?Z251cGctdXNlcnNAZ251cGcub3Jn?="   From: "=?utf-8?B?RXJpayBKb3NlZnNzb24=?=" (erik.hjalmar.josefsson at gmail.com)
  Subject: =?utf-8?B?VHJ1c3R3b3J0aHkgZW5jcnlwdGlvbiAtIHN0ZXAgb25lLi4u?=
  Date: Thu, 26 Dec 2013 20:08:15 +0100
  It has taken 6 months to get here, but now it is happening!
  Please propagate:   Anyone at CCC interested in this, please ping me.
  God Jul! :-)
  //Erik
  Erik Josefsson
  BE GSM: +32484082063
  SE GSM: +46707696567

@_date: 2013-11-26 15:19:51
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Study Suggests Link Between Dread Pirate Roberts 
Hash: SHA1
If IPG Mail really is easy to use, that is good to hear.  Of
course encryption can be made easy to use, and many people who
today are discouraged will look back in a few years with
amusement at how wrong they were to be discouraged.  The main
block to wide use of end to end encrypted communications over our
Net is lack of funding.  Having a working prototype, perhaps like
IPG Mail in its user intercation, will encourage efforts.
But an encrypt/decrypt program running on a device which is
controlled by Apple is not secure against Apple reading all the
keys, and all the messages.
Here is what I wrote a few years on the subject:
    Apple is the owner of just about every iPhone and every iPad
    being carried about by individuals who paid money to Apple to
    carry the device out of the store.  Except that Apple does not
    own the devices that have been modified so that the person who
    carries the device has root on the device.  Those few devices are
    not owned by Apple.
    The issue is not "the degree of openness of the iPad" nor is it
    even "whether Apple is being unfair to developers/those who carry
    an iPad".  Today, most discussions in newspapers and magazines of
    such "issues" serve only to obscure the fact of the matter: Apple
    owns just about very iPad, and Apple intends to keep ownership of
    every iPad it can.  So the answer to your question
       who the hell are Apple to tell me what I can or can't run on my
       iPhone
    is simple: Apple is the owner of the device.  If you wish to
    control the device you carry, then do not pay Apple just so you
    can carry an iPad/iPhone out of the store, or pay Apple and get
    root on the device.
    If we are going to keep our right to own a computer, then we must
    teach newspaper reporters, and also users of iPads/iPhones, the
    difference between owning a computer and carrying around a
    computer owned by an arm of the Englobulators.

@_date: 2014-04-10 23:44:48
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Heartbleed and fundamental crypto programming 
For such code one should not use a compiler which requires a
trick to get a fundamental routine to compile to code which does
the job.
That means no standard C nor C++ compiler.
 e

@_date: 2014-02-16 20:07:33
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Cryptography] BitCoin bug reported 
Division of labor.
Today the cost of producing a bitcoin by mining is, of course,
lower than that bitcoin's "market price".
In 2010 two pizzas were bought with 10000 bitcoins.  Today one
bitcoin is worth about $500.

@_date: 2014-11-17 16:03:09
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
ad 1: No, most new things start small.
ad 4: No, we need not negotiate with ourselves before building
and deploying stuff.
Here is one task which, if accomplished, may open a way forward:
   Write and distribute a system, which two non-sysadmins can learn to
   use in one full day, which provides:
   A method of sending an encrypted file from the home computer of
   Non-SA-A to the home computer of Non-SA-B.  The system does not
   require the use, at the application level, of a third party Net
   connected machine.
   Assumptions:
   1. Non-SA-A's, and also Non-SA-B's, machine is a home machine
      which sits behind a standard home router.  The system may
      require replacement of the home router.
   2. Non-SA-A and Non-SA-B have met and exchanged some pieces of
      paper, before the first transmission.
   Lack of Objective: The system should not defend againt traffic
   analysis.
I just now attempted to find a piece by John Walker, from about
twenty years ago, explaining the difficulty of traversing NAT in
order to make a home computer to home computer VOIP system.  I
think this is the piece, though it is about more than just NAT
and home computer telephony:

@_date: 2014-11-18 15:05:17
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
< ... />
< ... />
Once the practice was to have a special email address to which
questions about the mail service provided by the entity,
university department, for profit corporation, non-profit
organization, etc., could be addressed, with some hope of answer.
I think there is at least one RFC which specifies the protocol
here.  So one who is interested might send an email to the
address of the Big ISP.
If there is no answer, then a paper and ink mail might be sent to
the head of the ISP, with copies to the state public utility
commission, the FTC, and the FCC.

@_date: 2015-05-03 16:38:06
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Trust in digital certificate ecosystem eroding" 
It is not the users who have failed so far to properly pay
attention.  The entire SSL system at the point of presentation to
an end user using a browser is nonsense.  Free example: Suppose
my browser goes to a website.  Suppose a "warning" pops up.  Whom
do I contact to find out whether there really is a problem with
the chain of authenticatioon and/or the chain of authorization of
the perhaps bad certificate?  I have never seen any trace of this
information presented to the user of the browser.

@_date: 2017-12-04 17:06:48
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: CME Approved, Coin Paychecks, FED, 
Ah, an unstoppable station-wagon load of subtly intertwingled
ETHEREUM WORLD MACHINE CRYPTO-DEFENDED SELF-EXECUTING CONTRACTS!

@_date: 2018-02-08 19:11:34
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Quantum computers will never overcome noise 
computers will never be able to overcome noise issues. See article at:
Forty years ago most textbooks of quantum mechanics, very early
in the book, stated that one could never get around the "collapse
of the wave function" if the system under consideration was made
of more than a few atoms.  Indeed all the examples given tend
strongly to become approximately classical when you increase the
number of atoms (or more generally, small parts).  (Here of
course, only for some aspects of the system, for example usually
the atoms themselves tended to remain atoms, and atoms are just
about purely quantum objects, by the argument from ultraviolet
catastrophe.)  I have heard such arguments against the
possibility of building a quantum computer since the seventies.
An analogous argument against the possibility of building the
Brooklyn Bridge goes: "Look the only materials we have are Jello
and hemp package twine.  After thinking about whether we can
build the Brooklyn Bridge out of these materials, we have got
some calculations that show it would be practically impossible.".
And indeed, I think this argument is right.  But the textbooks
are textbooks of physics, not textbooks of engineering.  The
cases considered are important daily presenting cases.  They are
mostly simplifications of real gross physical cases, such as
rocks, tables, pulleys, etc..  But the Brooklyn Bridge is not
built of Jello and hemp twine.  It is built of steel and concrete
and granite.  Though granite occurs in nature, concrete does not,
nor does steel.  Concrete and steel are made by man, and we used
them, and not Jello and hemp, to build the Brooklyn Bridge.  And
some of those old textbooks of physics are indeed wonderful
introductions to quantum mechanics.  But they are not
introductions to the engineering of quantum computers, though
they might be prologomena to the textbooks on quantum computer
