
@_date: 2005-01-25 13:07:11
@_author: Jim Cheesman 
@_subject: New Scientist article: Wireless boom is hackers' heaven 
[From: Setting up a wireless computer network at home has never been easier or
cheaper. But the freedom to access the internet from anywhere in or around
the house comes at a cost: Wi-Fi networks leave home computer users open to
unprecedented levels of security breaches.
Wi-Fi's radio signals carry up to 100 metres, and anyone within range can
pick them up. That is good news if you want to take your laptop into the
garden and connect to the net from there. But radio waves are no respecters
of household boundaries, and that can leave the network wide open to an
intruder operating a Wi-Fi PC from a neighbouring house, or sitting in a car
Most Wi-Fi networks come with security features to prevent this. But they
are not always easy to implement, so many users do not bother. And with
Wi-Fi sales rocketing (see graph), this carefree approach is worrying
security experts.
For an example of what could go wrong, consider the case of a man who was
arrested in Toronto 12 months ago after committing a minor traffic offence.
It turned out he had been driving around looking for unsecured domestic
networks that he then used to access paedophile websites via his Wi-Fi
laptop. If he had not been caught in the act, the trail of evidence would
have led instead to the people whose networks he had hijacked.
Firewall software
Domestic Wi-Fi networks are centred on a box called a wireless router, which
is usually connected directly to a broadband modem to give access to the
internet. The router uses a low-power radio signal to transmit and receive
data through Wi-Fi transceiver cards installed in computers anywhere in the
Wireless routers come with a battery of built-in security features. To
prevent people hacking in from the net they run firewall software that
blocks off attempts to gain access via the modem. On the Wi-Fi network side,
encryption can be used to scramble the radio dialogue between the router and
the computers. This should prevent eavesdroppers reading emails, documents
or any other material as it passes round the network. The router can also be
set up to ensure that only computers authorised by the user are able to use
the network.
At least, that is the theory. In reality many Wi-Fi users are not bothering
to activate these features after completing the daunting process of getting
Wi-Fi up and running, says Ollie Whitehouse of Symantec Antivirus in London,
UK. Others are failing to change the default passwords set by
manufacturers - passwords that all hackers know.
Ross Anderson of the University of Cambridge, UK, says it is simpler for the
home user to run a Wi-Fi network on the security defaults that are set when
it comes out of the box. The software that comes with Wi-Fi cards and
routers is often complicated to configure, and turning on the encryption can
stop the network working unless people know what they are doing.
Wi-Fi cellphones
And it is not just home users who are leaving themselves wide open.
Consultancy firm KPMG says that around 70% of the Wi-Fi networks on
commercial premises it polled in 2002 were not encrypted, leaving companies
vulnerable to email snooping, password pilfering and data theft.
Phone calls could also be vulnerable to eavesdropping. People are
increasingly using voice over IP (VOIP) software to make phone calls over
the internet via their computer headsets. The danger can only increase when
Wi-Fi enabled mobile phones - which can be used to make free VOIP calls when
in range of a Wi-Fi network - come onto the market this year.
Security experts say that the solution lies in educating people about the
risks involved in going wireless, and making the software to protect them
easier to use. "Blaming the consumer is wrong. Computers are too complex for
the average person to secure. It's the fault of the network, the operating
system and the software vendors," says California-based cryptographer Bruce
Schneier in the US. "Products need to be secure out of the box," he says.
Unless security is improved, new breeds of computer virus that target the
multiple devices connected to Wi-Fi networks are likely to emerge, says
Mikko Hypponen of Finnish security firm F-Secure. A virus picked up via
email could, for instance, disable a Wi-Fi cellphone or perhaps divert calls
to others on its owner's contacts list.
Schneier is pessimistic. "When convenience and features are in opposition to
security, security generally loses. As wireless networks become more common,
security will get worse."
Jim Cheesman

@_date: 2008-01-25 16:37:39
@_author: Jim Cheesman 
@_subject: Dutch Transport Card Broken 
Oberthur Card Systems has a card designed for transit use with 3DES,
according to their datasheet (registration required,
eid=5) it's certainly fast enough.
Interestingly, they also make the card that's failed so spectacularly
Jim Cheesman
-----Mensaje original-----
De: owner-cryptography at metzdowd.com [mailto:owner-cryptography at metzdowd.com]
En nombre de Aram Perez
Enviado el: viernes, 25 de enero de 2008 5:59
Para: Cryptography
Asunto: Re: Dutch Transport Card Broken
Hi Folks,
Not to defend the designers in any way or fashion, but I'd like to  ask, How much security can you put into a plastic card, the size of a  credit card, that has to perform its function in a secure manner, all  in under 2 seconds (in under 1 second in parts of Asia)? And it has to  do this while receiving its power via the electromagnetic field being  generated by the reader.
Aram Perez

@_date: 2008-01-30 18:00:45
@_author: Jim Cheesman 
@_subject: Dutch Transport Card Broken 
James A. Donald:
 > Perhaps theoretically painful, but in practice this is
 > not the case; commerce on the web is the
 > counter-example.
James A. Donald:
I respectfully disagree - I'd argue that a short wait is actually more
reassuring to the average user (Hey! The System's checking me out!) than an
instantaneous connection would be.
Adding in a false wait (a nice pop-up, a progress bar and a snake-oily
security message) would be even better...
Jim Cheesman

@_date: 2008-01-31 19:24:39
@_author: Jim Cheesman 
@_subject: Fixing SSL (was Re: Dutch Transport Card Broken) 
To add to the examples Philipp has mentioned, I've been closely involved in
the design and implementation of a number of projects for the Spanish
government using SSL + client certificates; indeed, the new Spanish ID card
includes two certificates, one for authentication and the other for digital
There are some examples of services using SSL+client certs at:
Jim Cheesman
-----Mensaje original-----
De: owner-cryptography at metzdowd.com [mailto:owner-cryptography at metzdowd.com]
En nombre de Philipp G?hring
Enviado el: jueves, 31 de enero de 2008 3:04
Para: Eric Rescorla
Asunto: Re: Fixing SSL (was Re: Dutch Transport Card Broken)
* It?s a privacy problem
* It?s a security problem for people with a security policy that requires
the their identities to be kept secret, and only to be used to authenticate to the particular server they need
* It?s an availability problem for people that need high-security authentication mechanisms, combined with high-privacy demands
* It?s a identity theft problem in case the certificate contains personal
data that can be used for identity theft
Quoted from Lynns email:
* It?s a liability issue
(Lynn, can you go into more details here? On the other hand, I would say
it?s self-explaining ...)
Guess why so few people are using it ...
If it were secure, more people would be able to use it.
If you want a "public" example of client certificate usage:
(You need a (free) client certificate from  to be able to
access this page)
There are ISPs out there who provide internet access based on client certificates, authenticated in HTTPS sessions
Creative Commons is running a registry for digital works, based on authors client certificate authentication:
The Austrian governmental inhabitant register is using client certificates
for about 10,000 users all around Austria since 2001. (If I remember the details
correctly)  And there are hundreds of internal systems I heard of that are using client certificates in reality every day.
Validated email addresses for spamming. Spear-phishing perhaps, ...
Why doesn?t SSH leak the client identity in plaintext?
The problem isn?t a key-agreement problem. The problem is a client-authentication problem. It does let them impersonate the client to anyone who doesn?t care about the
public key. (There are applications that just use the DN+Issuer information that they normally extract out of the certificates, ...)
But impersonation is just one threat out of the huge SSL/TLS threat-model.
There are CA?s on this planet that put things like social security numbers into certificates.
(I guess those CA?s would say that SSL shouldn?t leak certificates in plaintext anyway.) Shovling around responsibility won?t help us. Let?s fix the problems. (Yes, we are already trying to get those CA?s to stop doing that ... but it?s a bit like asking credit card companies to not print those
sensitive creditcard numbers on those credit cards ...)
And there are a lot of people who would be interested to use certificates
for more applications than pure identity. (which aren?t necessarily sensitive, but they are personal related data)
Where does the SSL specification say that certificates shouldn?t contain sensitive information? I am missing that detail in the security
consideration section of the RFC.
There is a market demand for using sensitive information in certificates, dating back to the mid 90's (according to Lynn), and showing itself in various forms like Stefan Brands credentials, Attribute Certificates, and even the OACerts by Jiangtao Li and Ninghui Li. I have been talking to many people about client certificates and client authentication, and a lot of them are interested in using client
certificates for authentication, and also to add other attributes to the certificates.
Using username+password inside HTTPS does not leak the client?s identity in cleartext on the line. (If I am wrong and HTTPS leaks usernames sent as HTTP
Forms or with HTTP Basic Authentication, please tell me)
Do we have any more ideas how we can get this flaw fixed before it starts hurting too much?
Yes, there are regularly people popping up there that need it, but they
always get ignored there, it seems.
I think we have the boiling frog problem here. (Frog not recognizing that
the water in the pot gets hotter and hotter, since it happens to slowly and not at once ...)
Since all those people asked one after each other on the list, they were all
ignored, since everyone had just one single case and one single argument.
If they had come up at the same time and coordinated their arguments ...
(But I don?t think that we can blame all those people for not coordinating their arguments.)
We have an issue here. And the issue isn?t going to go away, until we deprecate SSL/TLS, or it gets solved.
Do you think the the security arguments I summed up above qualify on the tls
list? Should I go into more detail? Present practical examples?
Or does it take a Slashdot article with some governmental CA?s certificates that contain social security numbers, some SSL sniffing logfiles, ... for
the responsible people to react? Or is it possible that we can pro-act and fix  this issue, without giving SSL and TLS a bad name in the press?
I am not interested in reading "SSL leaks personal details" in the media.
Has anyone counted the amount of people that asked for it in all the years
on the TLS mailinglist? I see several possible options:
* We fix SSL  Does anyone have a solution for SSL/TLS available that we could propose on
the TLS list? If not: Can anyone with enough protocol design experience please develop it?
* We deprecate SSL for client certificate authentication.
We write in the RFC that people MUST NOT use SSL for client authentication.
(Perhaps we get away by pretending that client certificates accidently
slipped into the specification.)
* We switch from TLS to hmmm ... perhaps SSH, which has fixed the problem Hmm, there we would have to write all the glue RFCs like "HTTP over SSH" again ...
* We will all have to answer nasty questions, why we didn?t do anything
about it that SSL leaks personal certificates in plaintext ...
* We change the rules of the market, and tell the people that they MUST NOT ask for additional data in their certificates anymore
* Does anyone have any better and perhaps more realistic options?
Come on guys, let?s solve this issue together before it hurts.
Ok, what I can do to get it fixed?
Different topic: Fixing TCP/SSL
Try to send a DVD iso image (4GB) over a SSL or SSH encrypted link with bit errors every 10000 bits with a client software like scp that cannot resume downloads. I gave up after 5 tries that all broke down in average after 1
(In that case it was a hardware (bad cable) initiated denial of service attack ;-)
The problem is that you can?t work around this issue with standard software.
You can?t tell Putty or OpenSSH or any normal IP stack or any network card
to add more protection there, to solve that problem. You could try to setup
some tunneling to get more protection, but that?s usually highly impractical for copying a single file from one computer to the next.
If the link layer gives you 1/256, and the TCP layer gives you 1/65536, and the SSL layer demands 0/16777216, then end up with 1/16777216 too much.
(And there is no guarantee that the link layer actually gives you the 1/256.
It could also give you 1/1)
Best regards,
Philipp G?hring
