
@_date: 2002-02-20 15:54:45
@_author: Jim Cheesman 
@_subject: New Scientist: Peekabooty aims to banish internet censorship  
Peekabooty aims to banish internet censorship
14:31 19 February 02
A long-awaited computer program that can circumvent government censorship of the internet has debuted at a computer conference in the US.The program - Peekabooty - promises to give people in countries such as China and Saudi Arabia safe access to the whole of the internet. In these countries, internet access is controlled by government-operated ISPs, which blacklist certain web sites. This may include news sites that are deemed unsympathetic to government policy.Peekabooty relies on users inside and outside a government-imposed "firewall" downloading software. Restricted content can then be delivered using volunteer "nodes" outside the restricted zone communicating with users within. The content is disguised as encrypted browser traffic, which is normally used to transmit credit card information or sensitive information such as passwords.
Hidden identity Peekabooty uses a complicated communications system to allow users to share information while revealing little about their identity. When a node receives a request for a web page it randomly decides whether to pass this on or access the page itself. It also only knows the address of its nearest partner. This makes it difficult to determine who requested what information and is designed to protect users from anyone trying to infiltrate the system from inside."Many people live under fear of repression," says Malcom Hutty of the UK's Campaign Against Censorship of the Internet in Britain. "Ultimately these things will work, because people want and need them."In the past, some internet sites could be used to beat internet censorship. These sites, such as SafeWeb and Anonymizer, acted as go-betweens, delivering censored content indirectly. But government censors became wise to this, and blocked access to these sites. Because content viewed using Peekabooty is disguised, government agencies should not be alerted to uncensored internet use. SafeWeb launched another program designed to route content through volunteer computers called Triangle Boy in 2001. But this does not maintain the anonymity of users.Peekabooty was demonstrated at the CodeCon 2002 conference, in California.
Will Knight
                           *   Jim Cheesman   *
             Trabajo: jchees at msl.es - (34)(91) 724 9200 x 2360
            It was all so different before everything changed.

@_date: 2002-02-20 15:59:44
@_author: Jim Cheesman 
@_subject: New Scientist: UK bill would "infringe scientists' freedom"  
UK bill would "infringe scientists' freedom"
14:30 18 February 02
For decades, controls have existed on the transfer of physical goods on the "dual-use" list - a list, recognised by the international community, of technologies that could have both civilian and military uses.
"The problem of the dual list is that it contains anything that the MOD thinks is high-tech," explains Anderson. This can include anything from semiconductor testing equipment and hard composites to certain types of catalyst, he says. It would also include types of software that many researchers have posted on their websites, such as cryptoanalytic or code-breaking programmes. Such postings could become illegal overnight.
                           *   Jim Cheesman   *
             Trabajo: jchees at msl.es - (34)(91) 724 9200 x 2360
            It was all so different before everything changed.
