
@_date: 2003-01-16 11:19:46
@_author: Jeffrey Kay 
@_subject: Question regarding group management of documents 
I'm not familiar with the PGP APIs, but it seems that you don't need to
go through the extra "armor" layers to do this.
File encryption consists of two encryption steps (typically) --
encryption of the file with a symmetric key and then encryption of that
symmetric key with the public key from the key pair.  That means that an
encrypted file will contain a list of encrypted keys, each identifying
which public key was used to encrypt it, viz.
where K is the symmetric key, Pn is a public key and M is the contents
of the file.  To remove a user of the file, just delete one of the Pn(K)
records.  Since K can be retrieved by applying a private key Rn to a
Pn(K), adding a member to the file is done by retrieving K and then
adding a new Pn(K) record.  This means that only someone who can open
the file can add a new "member".
This has the obvious downside that if I can access the entire file in
its encrypted state, then I can get K and preserve it for posterity.
However, if I can get the file contents while a member of the group and
copy it off somewhere, then it really doesn't matter whether I can get
the key for one file, does it?  K will be different for every file, so
it doesn't matter -- all files newer than when I was expelled from the
group will be unreadable to me.  Similarly, anytime a file changed,
you'd want to generate a new K and rebuild your list of keys to access
Does this make sense for your application?  This is a pretty easy thing
to build using OpenSSL (which I'm familiar with) and is probably pretty
easy to do with PGP (which I haven't developed against).  I'd suspect
that PGP does this already with their basic file encryption tools.  jeffrey kay personal weblog pgp key "first get your facts, then you can distort them at your leisure" --
mark twain "if the person in the next lane at the stoplight rolls up the window and
locks the door, support their view of life by snarling at them" -- a
biker's guide to life
"if A equals success, then the formula is A equals X plus Y plus Z. X is
work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut." -- albert einstein

@_date: 2003-06-10 12:43:05
@_author: Jeffrey Kay 
@_subject: Keyservers and Spam 
Jill --
I'm thinking that you may have answered your own question.  The problem
really lies in the fact that none of us uses secured e-mail exclusively.
If so, then following a chain of signers to validate the sender creates
the essence of a whitelist, thereby avoiding most spam.  However since we don't secure all messages that we send, we're
essentially taking the risk of being spammed by maintaining a published
e-mail address as well as no mechanism to determine if the mail is from
someone legitimate.  This is the basis of these challenge/response
anti-spam systems.  You e-mail me, my system challenges you to reply
with a password or some other data, and I verify and then accept your
e-mail.  If you forced everyone who sent you e-mail to do so using PGP,
you'd end up with two piles of mail -- those who had an acceptable chain
of signers and those who didn't, essentially the same effect as the
challenge/response systems.  It wouldn't matter if the keyserver was
completely open or not.
So back to the original question you posted -- "It seems to me that the
possibility that spammers might harvest PGP keyservers for email
addresses is a serious disincentive to using keyservers. Does anyone
have any thoughts on this?".  Any mechanism which publishes your e-mail
address is going to be a bad thing from a spam perspective unless you
are using other countermeasures.  This is no different than a telephone
number (which I now use Call Intercept to avoid telephone solicitors).
It seems to me that the world breaks down into two different groups --
those who religiously protect their access identifiers (e-mail addresses
and phone numbers) and those who don't.  You have consequences of each
