
@_date: 2001-11-27 15:37:45
@_author: Jei 
@_subject: FBI-virus software cracks encryption wall 
Does anyone know if this software sends the logged traffic in clear-text
or does it use encryption to protect it from being intercepted? (If not,
unauthorized persons and hackers can sniff it and abuse it.) What if the
security is weak and breakable? Has the software been validated to be
secure and work correctly under all circumstances?
Does the FBI-virus come with multi-language support, or does it just crash
the computers (like IE does for the Finnish version of Windows computers)
and make them inoperable? (Lots of Microsoft software does this if you
install the wrong language version and you have to reinstall everything.
-> Can be several days of work.)
Also, now that the FBI has assumed global jurisdiction (can legally hack
foreigners), do they cover damages if the software in question causes the
computers to malfunction, become inoperable, destroys data, leaks
confidential data to outsiders, compromises the security of computers or
by malfunction just causes people not being able to work? A lot of damage
and error issues are possible, especially in situations where computers
need to have all their software validated.
Does the FBI cover the costs of rebuilding the security infrastructure
for example a company who's employee's user passwords were logged?
What about the loss of face for a security company, if FBI-virus has
breached their security, and FBI publishes that someone in the company
was logged?
Notable is also what kind of copyright does the FBI acknowledge for the captured keys-strokes? Can they publish the information somewhere?
I just think that these issues need to be covered and answered clearly
to the general public.     At least one antivirus software company, McAfee Corp., contacted the
    FBI on Wednesday to ensure its software wouldn't inadvertently detect
    the bureau's snooping software and alert a criminal suspect.

@_date: 2001-09-17 15:22:50
@_author: Jei 
@_subject: How to ban crypto? 
The noble goal of this "ban all crypto"-move, seems to be that all
messages should be understandable and readabe to everyone. Or at least that is what *I* _decipher_ *their* _messages_ are intended
to mean.
Alas, to this day, even plain text english has not achieved this
worthy goal.
It is upto each recipient to ultimately decide what a message is,
and what it means.
