
@_date: 2001-12-19 00:27:14
@_author: Jei 
@_subject: Encrypted Distributed Filesystem With Linux? 
With over > 2GB in size and on 2.4 Linux kernels?
Say, an 80gb filesystem image that is encrypted with XXX over
a loop device YYY to a filesystem image that resides on ZZZ.
Is there any way to do this or something similar to it?
I browsed the net but PPDD + CODA doesn't quite seem to get me there.
Neither does SFS or CFS or TCFS or any of the other alternatives I found.
The freenet clones seem all too insecure and freenet is just a piece of java code. Not suitable for any *real* use.
All links and suggestions are very welcome..

@_date: 2002-01-17 18:58:46
@_author: Jei 
@_subject: All your European coordinates are belong to US 
Europe GPS Plan Shelved
 BERLIN -- Exasperated European officials say U.S. pressure appears to
have torpedoed a $3 billion project to build a European version of the
U.S. global positioning system, which uses signals from orbiting
satellites to track geographical position within 36 meters.
The proposed system, dubbed Galileo, was intended to give Europeans more
autonomy, both industrially and militarily. That's no small concern, since
the United States can selectively block access to GPS, as it has during
the military campaign in Afghanistan.
Also, European plans to develop a rapid-reaction military force will
become much more credible with their own GPS in military operations.

@_date: 2002-01-27 15:47:50
@_author: Jei 
@_subject: Looking back ten years: Another Cypherpunks failure (fwd) 
And Open Source failure, I might add...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
We know that some kind of privacy-enhanced payment system has been one
of the long-time c'punk goals, probably for at least ten years.  We
know that we are probably further away from having that be a reality
than we were ten years ago.  This is excusable; the obstacles are
enormous.  You need a lot of people to use it before it's useful, and
there are all kinds of regulatory problems.  And there are a whole
list of other problems, too.
One of the other c'punk goals was encryption all over the place.
Seems reasonable, right?  This Internet thing was just starting to
take off.  Free open-source OSes like Linux were coming out.
Encryption everywhere was well within reach.
And guess what, that goal was _almost_ achieved, except in two places,
which I am calling the Great Encryption Tabboos (GETs).
GET  is voice encryption over phone lines.  Three years after
Starium started, and ten years after c'punks started, you still can't
buy a digital voice encryption device that has trustable crypto in
it.  This is also excusable because it encounters some of the same
problems that privacy-enhanced payments encounter, namely overcoming
network effects and dealing with regulators.
GET  is disk encryption.  Yes, it sounds so simple, but it is a
Great Tabboo, and this time there are no excuses.  None.  You don't
need any network effects.  Regulators in the US have little they can
do about it.  There are about half a dozen great Open Source OSes to
work on.  And yet there is nothing.
Let me refine my definition of nothing.  Yes, I am well aware of
various kludges like Loopback Crypto on Linux, and CFS and TCFS and
StegFS.  But what about just plain old ext2 FS or ffs?  After all
these years, why is it that Microsoft is shipping OSes with FS crypto
before any of the free OSes are?  As far as I know, there is not a
single distribution of Linux or *BSD that ships with a non-kludge (ie,
non-loopback) encrypted FS.
I'm defining loopback as a kludge.  Unix FSes come with all kinds of
features such as file ownership and modes which don't require loopback
to work.  Encryption isn't any different from those features and it
should also be built in to the FS, not kludged on with a loopback.
Would you think it is a kludge if you read the docs on "chmod" and it
said, "oh, if you want to use chmod you're going to have to create
this loopback fs like this..."
So, is there any hope for having an open source OS ship with a
filesystem with encryption capabilities?

@_date: 2002-01-29 23:46:28
@_author: Jei 
@_subject: EU vice-president to claim US site spies on European business 
<  >
EU vice-president to claim US site spies on European business
VICE-PRESIDENT of the European Parliament, Gerhardt Schmid, is expected to
argue that the Echelon system used at the United States base at Menwith
Hill, near Harrogate, is used for industrial espionage when he speaks in the
town next week.
Dr Schmid compiled the European Parliament's report on Echelon, which is
believed to intercept millions of telephone calls, faxes, e-mails and other
electronic communications and pass confidential information to the US
National Security Agency.
The German Socialist Euro MP has accepted an invitation from the Menwith
Hill Forum ? which monitors activities at the 560-acre intelligence site ?
to speak at the Friends Meeting House in Queen Parade, Harrogate, on
Thursday at 7.30pm.
The signals intelligence station already has a key role in Echelon, but its
importance will grow when hundreds of staff are transferred to Menwith Hill
from Bad Abling ? the National Security Agency's third largest monitoring
station, which is in the Bavarian Alps.
Although the US Government has denied the existence of Echelon, it is known
to be shared with Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Britain. UK Government
sources justify it as a means of gathering information on terrorist
organisations and international drug cartels.
But Dr Schmid is expected to argue that Echelon is also used by the United
States Government to gather sensitive economic data from European countries,
which is allegedly being passed on to benefit industrial rivals across the
Atlantic. One example is said to be a ?1bn contract lost by Airbus Industrie
to Boeing and McDonnel Douglas.
Dr Schmid, who will tell the Forum that the uncontrolled use of Echelon is
potentially detrimental to European economies and puts at risk thousands of
jobs, will also explain what the European Parliament is doing to try to
protect citizens' rights.
The Forum's chairman, John Eveleigh said: "This public meeting continues our
aim to inform local people of the activities and genuine concerns we have
around the Menwith Hill surveillance station. I urge anyone interested in
finding out more about Echelon to attend."

@_date: 2002-01-30 04:50:28
@_author: Jei 
@_subject: [open-source] File encryption 
Just to echo Whit's two file encryption virtues (the laptop and
and media over which one has inadequate control): I originally wrote
CFS (a Unix encrypting file system) back in 1991 primarily for my own use,
motivated by the realization that I have two conflicting requirements for
file storage.  I need to be sure that my files will be available, but at the
same time, for at least some of the files, it is also important that they be
kept confidential.
File availability is commonly addressed through replication and frequent,
regular backups.  Backups are hard to do right, but there are network
effects that make it beneficial for many users to share backup
infrastructure - this is the main reason I tolerate having my computers
managed by a staff rather than doing it myself.  Unfortunately, the better
and more useful the backups are at ensuring availability, the less control
over them I have, the less able I am to reliably destroy some piece of
information once it has been backed up, and the more likely it is that a
malicious or careless staff member (or employer) might compromise
Encryption fits the bill here because it allows me to separate the system
components that I trust for availability from those that I trust for
confidentiality.  In particular, I can manage the confidentiality
component myself - I select and manage the keys, and the encryption runs
on hardware that's under my direct control (my workstation, my laptop, etc)
and whose use is not ordinarily shared with other people.  Of course,
there's also an availability problem here - loss of the key means loss of
all the data encrypted with it - but key backup of individual files
is a much simpler problem than the general file backup problem, not least
of which because file encryption keys are created and changed only
infrequently and are small enough to write down and put in a safe place.
The most critical aspect of CFS's design was to make sure it didn't break
any of the underlying backup mechanisms.   This led naturally to a design
at the file system layer and interfaces - encrypted files were stored as
ordinary, named files, and when the plaintext of a file changed, only the
corresponding encrypted file would change.  This also led to a simple
userland loopback (via NFS) implementation, for which, I decided, any
inefficiency (particularly with respect to cache memory management) was
outweighed by portability.  In retrospect, I would do it the same again today
- if anything the efficiency issues are less important now than they were 11
years ago.
I managed to release the CFS code from AT&T as open source (under a BSD
style license), which is another story by itself.  Unfortunately, the
code is still in use by a lot of people today, despite showing obvious
signs of age (it was originally written on and for an early *86 laptop
running a version of Mach).  It will no longer compile and install on many
modern Unix variants, including Linux, without serious coaxing.  I don't
have the time or resources to maintain it, especially with all the
current platforms which seem to have gratuitous differences in so many
of the interfaces that this code uses.  I also made a number of embarassing
architectural decisions that make it difficult to integrate AES. and to
be brought up to modern standards the whole codebase really should have
been re-written from scratch years ago.   Sadly, CFS, with all its warts,
remains the most portable encrypting file system for Unix today.  I
wish someone would re-write it.
I think the most valuable contribution of CFS at this point is to the
extent it influences other designs, for which I'd encourage people to
look at my 1993 ACM Security conference paper, "A cryptographic file system
for Unix":
There's also a less interesting paper on a smartcard-based key management
scheme for CFS from the following year's USENIX conference:
CFS was also the motivation behind remotely-keyed encryption, for which,
sadly, Lucent holds a rather broad patent:
(Fortunately, we never patented any of the basic architecture of CFS itself).
