
@_date: 2002-09-19 12:00:11
@_author: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Jos=E9_Azevedo?= 
@_subject: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
People just keep piling up reasons to justify the SW suicide this is taking.
Perry is very right when he explains that a company that payed a certain
number of licenses has the right to deal with them in a manner that they
could be used in the purpose they were bought to. If a company spends a few
thousand dollars on hardware and software, it has every right to use that
software in a way that reachs it's purpose in the quantity that it was
licensed too. However, it is condemnable that a company can make use of 100
when they licensed 10, a model in wich many companies still incur.
But if someone tells me i have to pay an extra server license because i need
to install that SW in a brand new system, in preparation to replace the
older one in a 24x7 enviroment, i can tell you that is not going to happen.
And do you know why? Because there are ALTERNATIVES!
That's why market is such a beautifull place. When some product becomes too
screwy with itself, someone puts out another, different, and sometimes the
difference is the key to success, not just the improvement. Sometimes it
just needs to be a little different.
In a world where there are plenty of alternatives, i don't give a damn for
M$ and their bull, just because the time i have to license every step i make
on a computer is the time i go for the alternatives. And my friends, we know
that there are alternatives. And if M$ is great it is because we make it
great, and we can make it smaller again, and we can even create other SW
monster, we have the power to.
M$ is not even the best solution around, it's probably the one that most
people know about. That can also change.
Licensing of SW is dying because someone can make people believe HW and SW
are the same thing, but they aren't and that is a fact. HW is supposed to
last and SW is supposed to work. So, a 1 on 1 licensing is something that
will never be apliable in a real world with real problems.
Well, unless a messiah comes that can break every stupid crack M$ has on
their products, then the world would be perfect. But there it is, this isn't
a perfect world after all.
By the way, godbless cardioreaders aren't M$, or else we would be paying for
every heartbeat when we are in the hospital.
Good work everybody,
