
@_date: 2014-04-14 11:04:07
@_author: Jim Gettys 
@_subject: [Cryptography] DNSSEC last mile (was) Re: Preliminary review of the 
?The last mile hold up for DNSSEC has been one of the typical "tragedy of
the commons" funding problem plaguing so much of our infrastructure
software.  Those who should support its deployment have been too clueless
to fund key software, as has happened to our detriment with OpenSSL.  For
DNSSEC, however, there is a glimmer of light, courtesy of Comcast.
?The most common DNS implementation in the world is Dnsmasq?
 used on home routers and
many other devices, and as a local caching resolver on Android and Linux.
 Its author is Simon Kelley.
The latest release  (2.69) of Dnsmasq has support for DNSSEC.
You can thank Jason Livingood of Comcast for arranging for Comcast to
support Simon's work on Dnsmasq to implement DNSSEC; for the first time
Simon has been able to work on Dnsmasq full time since last summer to bring
DNSSEC in Dnsmasq to completion.
We are shaking down this version of Dnsmasq in CeroWrt
 which you should regard as an
advanced build of OpenWrt (  Both Google and Comcast DNS
infrastructures fully support DNSSEC; we can just plug in our router and
"the right thing happens" when you do. Relatively few sites have signed
their domains at this date.
Unfortunately, the home router industry is seriously dysfunctional; don't
expect widespread deployment of this version of Dnsmasq for 3-4 years.
Everyone on this list is clever enough run open source firmware in your
home environments, aren't you?  Or do you prefer the challenge of having
trivial to crack, man in the middle boxes in your personal environment,
complete with radios for better listening and cracking pleasure as
honeypots? And this while for the last several months "The Moon" worm has
been accumulating the addresses of your home router, for some future
And you all help test and look for vulnerabilities in the technology we all
depend on during its development,  so that problems are discovered long
before widespread deployment, don't you?
                                                       - Jim

@_date: 2014-08-02 14:42:47
@_author: Jim Gettys 
@_subject: [Cryptography] You can't trust any of your hardware 
?This phenomena is not unique to USB, but applies to essentially any device
in which there is a embedded processor, which, besides the base system
firmware image in embedded devices, may include your disk drive, flash
drive, wireless module, keyboard modules, and so on. ? Devices you think of
as "single chips" are often SOC's + flash + a bit of custom stuff these
We did this mostly right at OLPC for the base firmware , where the boot
loader's write enable was/is protected by a D flop; the boot loader first
checks if there is a properly signed update for itself on boot, and
otherwise immediately locks the boot loader flash down hard (until reset at
next power up).  So a bad guy cannot put an implant into the boot loader
without access to the keys.
The bootloader is also able to check that the image being booted is signed
appropriately, and also has facilities for unlocking the bootloader and
system image for hacking and debugging (possibly after a delay to deter
theft, which is a serious issue in some parts of the world; a scenario most
do not have).  That such firmware be unlockable if you have possession of
the device is actually needed as you have no other way to ensure that the
system has not been tampered with in transit or via malware, or recovery
after disaster, where you may not have a network for updating.
Even flash chips with sector "protection" have typically ways to unlock
those sectors from software, so if you compromise the OS appropriately, you
can unlock those sectors, typically by poking a bit in a register some
place.  I recently chatted with a friend responsible for the later OLPC
systems who recently was unable to find flash with suitable one way write
protect features.  But a separate serial boot rom and D flop is around $.28
cents, and is probably easier to trust.  In principle though, the
additional cost should be zero, if you can trust the flash chips you use.
The NSA TAO catalog makes clear that such unprotected firmware is rife for
all sorts of mischief, persistent implants being some of the most
                                                   Sigh,
                                                            - Jim
"Friends don't let friends run factory firmware."

@_date: 2015-02-16 10:15:55
@_author: Jim Gettys 
@_subject: [Cryptography] phishing attack again - $300m in losses? 
I have to wonder whether the scale of banking losses going on due to home
router DNS attacks may be much larger than
?directly ?
breaking into the banks
? in that article?
, but since they are much more distributed, harder to detect.
Lest you think: "It's Brazil, and DSL, and doesn't apply to me", there are
reports of similar attacks on cable routers in the U.S. We just don't know
the scale (yet).  We do know the scale was 4.5 million routers just in
Brazil 2-3 years ago...
                                                       - Jim
"Friends don't let friends run factory firmware."

@_date: 2015-03-20 11:49:38
@_author: Jim Gettys 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Kali Linux security is a joke! 
?Which is why the Debian package system does *not* depend on https at all;
it checks the gpg signatures on the packages of the software feeds you have
See: The only reason I can see to run https is to avoid leaking what packages
are being used by people doing updates.  That is sufficient reason, in my
view, to do so.
                                          - Jim

@_date: 2015-05-09 13:12:44
@_author: Jim Gettys 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Appeals Court Rules NSA Phone Program Not 
​In general, courts are loathe to set more precedent than they need.  This
is in general a "good thing", even though may be disappointing at the
Note that the ruling leaves the constitutional arguments on the table for a
new lawsuit, if need be, which I expect would be filed if ​
Congress passes such ​a law.  They were careful to make clear that they had
not ruled on the constitutional arguments.

@_date: 2017-04-06 15:40:12
@_author: Jim Gettys 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Does anyone here know PAM? 
​Unity used much/most of gnome, and could/did run seahorse.  What I haven't
done is used it with Yubikeys; that is the final step so that private keys
aren't available to be stolen.
And I'm happy Unity is history...
                               - Jim

@_date: 2017-03-11 16:23:26
@_author: Jim Gettys 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Has formal verification actually been useful in 
​Working from memory: IIRC, one of the first ​uses was to verify that
memory barriers on the Alpha processor worked properly.
And yes, getting that kind of memory system right is "interesting" and
important to get correct....
