
@_date: 2008-02-17 13:02:27
@_author: Jonathan Herzog 
@_subject: Problems with the SRP Protocol paper? 
A new list-member here, so please forgive me if this is off-topic or  has been discussed before. However, I've recently discovered a  problem with the proof of security for the Secure Remote Password  (SRP) Protocol, and Ivan Krstic recommended that I ask about it here.
In particular: The SRP protocol is a password-based authenticated key- exchange protocol that has been recently added to the TLS standard  [RFC 5054] and the IEEE standard P1363.2. It is based on Diffie- Hellman, and claims to have all sorts of security properties.  However, the original paper on the protocol [Wu, 1997] is somewhat  unsatisfying from a mathematical viewpoint. First, it fails to  rigorously define the properties the protocol is to meet, and gives  only English-language intuitions. Secondly, it sometimes fails to  argue that the protocol meets even those intuitions. Lastly, some of  the crucial arguments of security are flawed in deep, deep ways.
The first two types of problems above are perhaps forgivable: the  paper was published back in 1997 and cryptographers are still arguing  today about how exactly to formally define security for these kinds  of protocols. The last problem, however, is more worrisome. In  particular, the 'proof' of security for SRP shows (correctly) that in  certain cases, the problem of breaking SRP is exactly the same as  breaking Diffie-Hellman. That is, Diffie-Hellman is a *special case*  of SRP. Therefore, if one can break *all* instances of SRP, then one  can break Diffie-Hellman and thus SRP is as secure as Diffie-Hellman.
However, this last step is wrong, at least in the area of  cryptography. If we were talking about NP-completeness, then yes,  this argument would work. But in crypto, we can't necessarily judge a  crypto primitive by its hardest case.  We need to talk about the  ability of the adversary to break a non-negligible *fraction* of  cases. After all, the above 'proof' of security leaves open the  possibility that it is easy to break those instances of SRP (the vast  majority, actually) which *don't* directly encode a Diffie-Hellman  Of course, this flaw in the proof can be fixed. It is straightforward  to do the proof right, and to show that a random instance of a Diffie- Hellman problem can be transformed into a random instance of the SRP  protocol. But the flaw in the paper is worrisome. Is this a known  problem that has been addressed by later literature? Does anyone know  of an analysis of SRP that measures the protocol against any of the  recently-formulated definitions of security [Bellare & Rogaway 1994;  Bellare, Pointcheval & Rogaway 2000, Canetti et al 2005]? In other  words, do we know more about the security of SRP than is contained in  the original 1997 paper?
Jonathan Herzog
Cryptographic consulting
jherzog at jonathanherzog.com
