
@_date: 2005-07-19 13:37:54
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: the limits of crypto and authentication 
Only problem is that cell phones have become so utterly complex (hosting
several processors and a plethora of software components) that it will never
become the trusted device that we once thought it could be...
Personal it is though....

@_date: 2005-07-19 13:37:14
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: the limits of crypto and authentication 
Actually, Dutch banks already give users the option to recieve one-time
pass-codes by SMS to authenticate internet banking transactions (instead of
sending a list of those codes on paper by ordinary mail in advance). So it's
less unrealistic than you think.

@_date: 2005-09-12 10:04:48
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: Is there any future for smartcards? 
I believe smartcards (and trusted computing platforms too, btw) aim to solve
the following problem:
  "How to enforce your own security policy in a hostile environment, not
   under your own physical control?"
- Smartcard: electronic purse: you cannot increase the amount on
  your e-purse (unless reloading at the bank).
- Trusted computing: DRM: my content cannot be illegally copied on   your machine.
As soon as the environment is under your won physical control, software only
solutions suffice.

@_date: 2006-02-03 10:15:38
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: serious threat models 
I wondered about that too. Do commonly used mobile phone switches have built-in
functionality to divert (or rather split) calls to another phone; could this be
done using phone conference facilities? or could you easily use lawfull
interception fucntionality...? In other words, could it be done by
reconfiguring the switch?  Or would it require more drastic changes
(software/hardware) to the switch (which makes the number of people that could
actually do this much smaller...)
(who should have paid more attention to phone switches when he worked at a telco... but everybody did internet there then ;-)

@_date: 2006-02-03 10:00:00
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: Face and fingerprints swiped in Dutch biometric passport crack 
of "Thu, 2 Feb 2006 12:37:24 -0500")
Actually, the international standards for the Machine Readable Travel Documents
(passports, aka MRTDs) are written by the International Civil Aviation
Organisation (ICAO).
Both the US and EU passports comply to the ICAO standards. However, EU
passports will be further protected by a so called Extended Access Control procedure. This procedure provides, among others, terminal authentication to
the passport, to reduce the risk that biometric data is read by rogue readers. Also, there are many small details in which the passports from different
countries may differ. For instance, the 'RFID' anti-collision identifier used
when setting up a connection between the passport and the reader may either be
fixed or generated randomly for each session. Or, as is indeed the case in the
Dutch passport, the passport number may correlate with the issuing date,
reducing the entropy of the key derived from the Machine Readbale Zone (MRZ).
The "Riscure" attack is based on this correlation; they estimate the remaining
entropy of the data on the MRZ to be roughly 2^35. This MRZ data is used to
derive the symmetric session keys. Their attack works by recording (ie
eavesdropping) a succesful communication session between a passport and a
reader. Then, all possible combinations of the MRZ data can be tried off line
to generate the corresponding session keys and check whether that succesfully
decrypts the recorded session.
Note that straighforward skimming, ie trying to access a passport with a fake
terminal by trying all possible combinations of MRZ data is still impossible
because the chip in the passport is slow to respond; even if you could try one
MRZ access code every millisecond (totally unrealistic), you'd be busy half a
year. This limits the usefulness of the attack a bit.
Also note that an encrypted key exchange like protocol for deriving the session
key from the MRZ access code would also have prevented this attack...

@_date: 2006-02-03 10:06:51
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: Unforgeable dialog. 
That is a nice trick, but that still may not work entirely: if i make sure
my untrusted app always opens in maximized mode, the untrusted decoration (in
your case a big black border which actually _disappears_) may be unnoticed
along the edges of the screen; if my app then simulates the whole desktop
as it was before it started, it can draw a trusted-looking dialog anywhere on
the screen...

@_date: 2013-09-06 15:13:17
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Why prefer symmetric crypto over public key crypto? 
In this oped in the Guardian
 "Prefer symmetric cryptography over public-key cryptography." The only reason I can think of is that for public key crypto you typically use an American (and thus subverted) CA to get the recipients public key. What other reasons could there be for this advice?
(I apologise for typos and being terse; this mail was written on an iPad)
Jaap-Henk Hoepman
TNO, Groningen & Dept. of Computer Science Radboud University Nijmegen (m) jhh at cs.ru.nl (w) (m) jaap-henk.hoepman at tno.nl
(t) +31 6 20619554
(t)

@_date: 2013-09-07 08:05:47
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Why prefer symmetric crypto over public key 
You have the same issues with nonces, counters, etc. with symmetric crypto so I don't see how that makes it preferable over public key crypto.

@_date: 2013-09-07 10:10:27
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Why prefer symmetric crypto over public key 
I share that belief. Hence my desire to fully understand Bruce's remark.
Strictly speaking you need some kind of security relationship: you need to be sure the public key belongs to the intended recipient (and is under his sole control). So public key crypto allows you to bootstrap from some authentic piece of information (public key belongs to X) to a confidential communication channel (with X).

@_date: 2013-09-08 14:10:09
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Why prefer symmetric crypto over public key 
Funny. I would have said exactly the opposite: public key crypto is much better understood because it is based on mathematical theorems and reductions to (admittedly presumed) hard problems, whereas symmetric crypto is really a black art that mixes some simple bit wise operations and hopes for the best (yes, I know this is a bit of caricature...)

@_date: 2016-02-02 00:26:17
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Call for participation: Interdisciplinary Summer 
Call for Participation
        1st Interdisciplinary Summer school on Privacy (ISP 2016)
               July 10-15, 2016, Nijmegen (The Netherlands)
 Theme: Addressing privacy in service architectures and the sharing economy
  	         We invite doctoral researchers working on privacy, data protection,
security, surveillance and ethics to participate in the first
Interdisciplinary Summer school on Privacy (ISP 2016) to be held from
July 10-15, 2016 in Berg en Dal (The Netherlands), close to Radboud
University (Nijmegen).
- Solon Barocas (Princeton University),
- George Danezis (UCL),
- Claudia Diaz (KU Leuven / iMinds),
- Lilian Edwards (University of  Strathclyde),
- Seda Gürses (Princeton University),
- Eleni Kosta (TILT - Tilburg University / PI.lab),
- Stefania Milan (University of Amsterdam),
- Helen Nissenbaum (New York University) - to be confirmed
- Jo Pierson (Vrije Universiteit Brussel / iMinds)
- Jaap-Henk Hoepman (Radboud University /PI.lab)
The interdisciplinary summer school on privacy provides an intensive one
week academic post-graduate programme teaching privacy from a technical,
legal and social perspective. The goal of the summer school is to
provide students with a solid background in the theory of privacy
construction, modelling and protection from these three different
The school lasts one week, with nine scheduled lectures (five morning
lectures and four afternoon lectures) of two and a half hours each. The
late afternoon / early evening is used for hands on working group
sessions to study practical cases.
The school is held in a location that encourages dialogue and social
interactions between both the staff and the students, both during
lectures and in the evening. Staff (i.e. lecturers) are encouraged to
stay at the summer school for the whole length of the school. The summer
school is foremost aimed at PhD students from computer science, law and
social sciences.
MORE INFORMATION
Registration is required, and the registration fee will be determined
soon. People expressing interest will be notified when the full
registration page becomes available.
For all inquiries about the summer school please consult our website
or contact Mrs. Irma Haerkens at info at pilab.nl
