
@_date: 2002-10-28 17:34:00
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: M-209 for sale on EBay 
I'm not convinced by this argument -- but then I have a vested
interest in not being convinced.  I have an apparently nearly identical
M-209-B, also unused before I got it.  Since then I've encrypted a
couple of thousand characters on it; it works perfectly, and matches
the behavior of a real M-209.  The story was that it was part
of a cache of surplus M-209's that were produced but never needed in
WW2, and they "turned up" decades later.  I bought mine perhaps 10
years ago.  The accessories were also in perfect condition: an extra
roll of tape, the ink and pad tubes, and the khaki carrying case.
The manual seemed to me convincing: the realistic WW2-style paper
was yellowed but unused, and the staples had rusted, suggesting
that it had been bound a good long time before I bought it.
I think mine is real, and by extension I have no reason to doubt
that the one on eBay is also real.  Have you ever heard of anyone
making M-209 replicas?  If you were going to that much trouble,
why not do it with Enigmas instead?  They're much better known,
more secure (for what it's worth at that security level), and have
a much higher potential street value.

@_date: 2003-04-14 10:59:37
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Cyberattacks With Offline Damage 
R. A. Hettinga forwards John Schwartz' article commenting on Avi Rubin's work:
This is an older technique -- it was used by irate Usenetters back
in 1994 against Canter & Siegel, lawyers who had just perpetrated the
first profit-oriented spam attack (but the third overall spam attack).
Besides signing them up for catalogs and magazine subscriptions,
they were suposedly sent the Black Fax Loop of Doom by several hopefuls --
the idea is that it will at least run them out of toner, with some
(presumably overly optimistic) chance of setting their fax machine
ablaze.  The hope was that the reaction would be negative enough that
future offenders would be deterred.  Ah, well.

@_date: 2003-12-28 11:49:37
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black PoW postage project 
Rather than proving that you've wasted a signficant amount of computing
resources, wouldn't it be preferable to prove that you've contributed
the same amount of power to a useful compute-bound project, such as
NFSNET.org or GIMPS or Folding at home or SETI at home?  It would require some
change on the qualifying cycle charities to issue "stamps": the spammer
or sender would send the cycle charity a hash of the message and the
completed assignment, and the charity would return a signature for the
message.  The receiver would pay only to verify the signature, including
the date and whatever headers are necessary for personalization.  Perhaps
something easy could deal with replay, but even without this addition
it's easier to deal with identical spams than random ones -- I suppose
one's mailer could keep track of the last few hashes it's accepted if
this turns out to be an issue.
It's more work for a cycle sink to become a recognized mail certifier,
but worth it -- in exchange for the signature mechanisms they get more
(potentially a lot more) contributors.

@_date: 2003-03-09 12:51:12
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: ADMIN: acm.org subscribers in danger 
I've switched my subscription from acm.org to cryptogram.org.
However, ACM members, now that they're alerted to the problem,
can go to  and select "Manage your acm.org account"
from the right-hand column, log in, then click on "Review/update
your spam filtering options".  Once you get there, you can
explicitly exempt domains (like wasabisystems.com) from spam
filtering, and you can also click a radio button that sends
you summaries of things that have been blocked.
Additionally, you can look at "quarantined" messages they've
sent and have the ones you want to read forwarded to you.  You
can also select senders to add to your "OK" list with a radio
button on this page.
Although the initial settings are pretty procrustean, as you
suggest, the flexibility available actually looks pretty good.
Questions may be addressed to anti-spam at acm.org .
