
@_date: 2007-08-20 13:22:38
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: more reports of terrorist steganography 
That's a pretty in-credible report.
Emphasis on "in-".
It's disturbing to see "Security Researchers" so willing to trade on  rumors in order to be quoted in the press.
The conclusion is pretty confusing.
Perhaps author Jeffrey Carr should stick to coverage of 'semantic and  geospatial intelligence applications'.
I'd sure like credible details...

@_date: 2007-09-01 12:55:43
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: debunking snake oil 
Crossroads is an undergraduate journal.
We'd do well to single out more worth targets for public ridicule  than CS undergrads.
If you want to help the author, why not educate, rather than  mocking?  He's obviously been motivated to think about the subject  matter and to even take the bold step up publishing something.
If you must scold, aim at the advisor, then. But I don't see much to  be gained by scolding in this case.  Pick someone who's asking for it  - the vendors of all the products that don't do what their buyers  hope and wish they would do...

@_date: 2008-08-09 20:46:16
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: Judge approves TRO to stop DEFCON presentation 
these have been circulating for hours, but they are content-free title  [Moderator's note: I've read them and they're far from content
 free. They give you a recipe for doing things like rewriting the mag
 stripes on stored value cards to give you arbitrary balances, and
 they even include actual examples. Also, Please Don't Top
 Post. Please cut down quoted material to just the important content,
 too. -Perry]

@_date: 2008-08-09 23:32:38
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: Judge approves TRO to stop DEFCON presentation 
Apologies to all. it's a UI issue with the PDF reader I was using and  the layout of the PDF file.
Pages other than the title slides - are obscured and it's not clear  they're even present
(the pages are readily visible in Acrobat Reader)

@_date: 2008-12-06 10:25:46
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: Quantum direct communication: secrecy without key distribution  
The cited articles discuss a much simpler DNS revision with stolen  Netsol credentials on Dec 2., apparently confirmed via their logs.
How sure are you about this informant? Does the person have the  expertise to say what was said, or was the Dec 2 story reinterpreted  into the Dec 3 story?
It's too big an issue to leave floating.
[ - jim

@_date: 2008-06-09 15:11:01
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: Ransomware 
If there's just one key, then Kaspersky could get maximum press by
paying the ransom and publishing it. If there are many keys, then  still has reached its press-coverage quota, just not as dramatically.
But press gambits from security companies have been in the realm of  reality for
quite some time!

@_date: 2008-05-27 14:02:10
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: RIM to give in to GAK in India 
Isn't this just a semantic game on the part of RIM and the government?
The phrase "enterprise customers" would seem to isolate a class of  customers such that individual customers not using a corporate version  of the product would see their crypto weakened... and be subject to  monitoring through the "service provider"

@_date: 2008-09-24 16:30:37
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: Fake popup study 
I think it's got to be said that it's not apparent that the end-users  are the /idiots/ who
should be called out for "failing" this study.
"We" gave them these interfaces, protocols and technologies that allow  for things to go
so badly wrong. Nothing in the world required the technology ecosystem  to become
what it is, except design decisions that were (and are) made well out  of the sphere of
influence of  mere "idiot users."
This stuff was designed and shepherded to market by the modern  captains of industry,
by rock star developers and w?nderkinden.
When a real engineer builds a bridge that falls down, we blame the  engineer, not gravity.
Bad people have always existed in the world. When developers pretend  they don't exist
and people are then victimized, we're supposed to continue to accept  the bluster about
technology rock stars, and therefore conclude that the customers (who  outnumber the
developers by what, 1,000 to 1?)  are the "idiots"?
Let's reconsider that. Seriously, let's shout it down. It's a  ridiculous proposition that's
tiring to hear time and again.
I'll even argue from the other direction just to make it complete.
Even if they are all idiots: when a population you serve outnumbers  you by 1,000 to 1
and keeps blowing itself up when using your stuff, it's time to idiot- proof the product.

@_date: 2008-09-24 18:25:32
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: Fake popup study 
The article and the study concerned user vulnerabilities compounded
by poor user interfaces and poor underlying architectures. I was  my comments toward the study generally, and to the inappropriate but
common tone of the article, in particular, not to other out-of-band
issues. There are many risks in the world. I see in that study some  that poor design has made certain of those risks worse.
Straw man.
Considering the magnitude and frequency of losses that apparently occur
through these technologies, and the fact that the crypto and security
technologies are pretty far evolved and seem to work well if used  well, I
would counter that human factors are just about all we should be  about right now, if we hope to ever make online activities as safe as  should be.

@_date: 2008-09-24 18:52:24
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: Fake popup study 
Clarification: not the study.
I believe the article had an inappropriate tone. Calling victims of
inadequate user interfaces "idiots" is inappropriate and spits in the
face of the evidence.
It's still a fact that when a majority of a population of operators of  equipment is experiencing poor outcomes just using it as normal
people do, then there is a screaming need to fix that equipment.
If the "blame the idiot" thinking were accepted in other domains, we'd
still have factory workers chopping off their limbs on a daily basis  any non-idiot should be smart enough to step back when the press
is coming down. The simple fact is that normal people make mistakes and
experience momentary slips as part of their ordinary existence.
It's a designer's job to consider the users of an engineered device, to
consider what their /entirely expected/ failings will be, and to work
to prevent them. The current approaches do not work well to prevent
the expected human failures.
Therefore, the current approaches are inadequate.
The study suggests that people should be expected to make errors using
current user interfaces shoved in their faces by the stuff behind the
scenes that never should have been so insecure in the first place.
Why all the shock and outrage then?
Security and OS builders would do well to consider how nuanced certain
other things are, that "just work right". As a quick example, I've not
looked at the code but i can definitely tell that a hell of a lot of
scrubbing is done on the trackpad inputs from this laptop, so that
cursor motion is reliable and predictable, despite my imprecise finger
movements. I look forward to seeing such nuance in user safety
someday and will never be satisfied calling the majority of the  "idiots" because some human-built device has gotten lots of them
into unexpected trouble.
Human factors haven't received nearly enough attention, and as long as
human factors failings are dismissed as the fault of "idiot users", they
never will.

@_date: 2010-09-15 09:17:09
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: Haystack redux 
On the contrary, because life is not a series of disconnected events, this is a great success for the safety of civilians, and for media coverage, going forward:
Journalism is self-correcting, as you note... provided a feedback channel exists and can be maintained long enough for the corrections to hold... as happened here.
- jim

@_date: 2010-09-15 19:32:11
@_author: Jim Youll 
@_subject: Haystack redux 
Perhaps people are more hopeful than suspicious.
"Haystack" [1] had the apparent "approval" of the US State Department (no friends of the Iranian government), a pretty web page, major donors, coverage in all the mainstream press, an "award" in the UK, and lots of other stuff that demonstrated credibility. Gotta trust someone. Who you gonna trust? The guys with all that cred, or, say... me? [1] given Daniel Colascione's statements, we may have to quote this thing as it was test code, not what he intended to release.
