
@_date: 2001-10-06 20:09:58
@_author: Jim Windle 
@_subject: bin Laden's hidden messages revealed 
Perhaps this will help:
Its a searchable database of the first 100 million digits of pi.  Cleary this website will have to come down, it won't do for just anyone to have this sort of acces to the digits of pi.
Jim Windle
Join 18 million Eudora users by signing up for a free Eudora Web-Mail account at

@_date: 2001-09-13 19:32:41
@_author: Jim Windle 
@_subject: [FYI] Did Encryption Empower These Terrorists? 
Just as the requirement for photo identification did not prevent the hijackers from boarding the plane.  While the regulation proved ineffective it allowed politicians to puff out their chests and claim they were doing something to protect the people when they put it in place, which of course was the whole point of the exercise.  What concerns me most is that the recording/movie industries will try to attach follow on measures to DMCA as part of what ever anti-terrorism bills are introduced to expand the surveillance powers of the goevernment.  The combination of concern over further vulnerabilities to terrorism and campaign contributions from the recording and movie industries will not only carry the day but stifle in meaningful debate about the measures.  I think it is worth pointing out that the people that staged this attack not only hate and fear America they hate and fear the very ideas that underpin our civilization, and the freedom to discuss those ideas.  So fearful of these ideas in Afghanistan of these ideas that they have banned both television and the internet.  The free flow of ideas and of free commerce are both their greatest fear and weakness.  This is there vulnerability.  Cryptography insures the ability to freely exchange idea, cryptography is the technology that allows internet commerce and trading of financial instruments over the internet.  The creation of cryptographic technologies requires freedom of speech, freedom to publish results, freedom from bureaucratic controls and the freedom exhange ideas and code that can only be fully realized through free communications and travel.  How ironic if we stiffle exactly what our enemies are most afraid in either an attempt to fight those enemies or to placate a special interest group.
Jim Windle
Join 18 million Eudora users by signing up for a free Eudora Web-Mail account at

@_date: 2001-09-14 13:57:37
@_author: Jim Windle 
@_subject: [FYI] Did Encryption Empower These Terrorists? 
Yes and by the logic of your argument jet airliners, telephones, hotel romms and rental cars also allow terrorists to commit there acts.
That unofrtunate fact
You make it sound like the only use for cryptography is the amusement
of a bunch of semi-grown up computer geeks playing with crypto
programs like little kid playing with a "secret decoder ring" from a
box of Cracker Jacks.  That is not the case.  If it were your argument
would carry great weight.  My point was that strong cryptography is
already a large part of our economy and is especially important to
sector providing growth and productivity improvements.  The benefits
of this are large, widespread and growing.  I live in Manhattan now
but am from a very small town in a rural area originally.  The only
way my family and friends back home have access to books other than
pulb fiction sold in drugstores is via the internet, and the commerce
that crypto allows.  This is true for millions of people and for many
products other than books which are not available in the vast majority
of this country outside the big cities with anything like the speed
and ease the internet provides.  I work in the financial services
industry which is extremely important for the economic well being of
the country.  It is also a bitterly competitive industry.  People are
aware of retail trading of stock over the internet, but far more
important is the institutional move to internet trading in equities
but more importantly and less visibly in the far larger fixed income
and foreign exchange market.  Trading these instruments via the
internet allow a great reduction in trading costs and a real
streamlining of settlement (check out the reports of the Bond Market
Association if you want to see the huge but largely invisible scale of
this trend).  Without crypto and associated technology this would not
be possible.  The same is true of business to business exchange which
allow the the manufacturing sector to reduce its cost directly by
paying less for inputs but also indirectly by being able to manage
inventory more effectively.  All this applications of cryptography are
growing and essential to the productivity growth that has driven
economice axpansion in recent years.  For this to happen this requires
the state of art crypto  to protect the financial and other
confidential information of the parties to internet commerce,  and to
continue to be secure and adapted to meet new needs.  This is done via
investigation and the free exchange of ideas.  To outlaw strong crypto
use or even to restrict research nto the topic puts all this at risk
and diminishes the lifestyle of many many people in this country.  Not
to mention the security crypto provides to public and private sector
communications in this country which can only be guarnteed by thorough
investigation of crypto systems to insure their security.  So my point
is that you do not appear to have considered all the benefits to
strong crypto to our society.  Nor do you appear to have considered
the cost of strong crypto to our enemies who are opposed not just to
America but to the sort of free, secular society with the free
exchange of ideas, vibrant economy and decentralised sources of power
that are essential to it and which are buttressed by crypto.  Or the
ability of crypto to facilitate the recruitment and management of
human intelligence sources.  I don't think this is a fringe argument,
and to the extent it is from first principles it is based on the
selection of first prinicples based on their ability to create and
sustain the type society I would like to live in.  It is most
definitely not an argument based on short term political expediency or
bureaucratic imperatives.
Jim Windle
Join 18 million Eudora users by signing up for a free Eudora Web-Mail account at

@_date: 2001-09-16 19:59:37
@_author: Jim Windle 
@_subject: [FYI] Did Encryption Empower These Terrorists? 
I don't have all the data you're interested in at my fingertips but I can give you a few data points.  The crash of '29 was the record for the stoack exchange for volume for many decades, well into the '70's I beleive.  In the crash of '87 the stock exchange volume was just over 600 million shares traded which was many times any previous day's trading volume.  Before Tuesday's events most reasonable active trading days were trading a billion to a billion and a quarter shares.  The NYSE exchange has had an electronic order system for a number of years but originally it was only for very large institutional "block trades".  In the fixed income and foreign exchange markets which in dollar volume are far bigger than the equity markets, as recently as 5 years ago many firms still traded via physical, ie paper, "trade tickets in which an transaction would be written out by had, timestamped and put into a basket which would be collected at the end of the day, taken to the back office and processed.  This has has been converted to electronic trading now.  One of the things that has happened as a result is that the settlement periods have declined becuase processing is easier and faster.  The main settlement systems here in NYC are FedWire and CHIPS wchich settle the vast majority of foreign exchange and fixed income trading in the US, I haven't looked at their data in about a year but they were clearing a combined total of a bit over $3 trillion a day in transactions.  Yes that is trillion with a "t".  If electronic trading and settlement allow transactions to be settled 24 hours faster, and in many cases settlement periods have shortened by 2 days in recent years the amount of money saved is significant.  Assuming a 5% cost of capital the float per day on FedWire and CHIPS settlements if in excess of $400 million.  Pick a time when electronically encrypted
The financial services industry as we know it would not exist without cryptography and electronic settlement it would simply be inpossible to process all the transactions by hand.
If your beef is against capitalism then you should be worrying about other things than crypto.
None of it is stricly speaking required but to give it up would mean a lowering of the standard of living, not to mention embracing a Luddite philosophy.
I think it is very much a balancing act.  Restricting strong crypto, assuming you could make the restrictions effective which I very much doubt, would make the NSA's job easier.  It would also make the jobs of any enemy seeking to gather intelligence on the United States easier.  Clearly there is a benefit to private and commercial communications of US citizens and businesses not being an open book to foreign enemies, or even commercial competitors.  While I would sleep better at night knowing the NSA was on top of all threats I also think it is neither reasonable nor desireable that our telecommunications system be arranged solely for the purpose of making their job easier.  In fact if readily available public key encryption programs were no longer available terrorist or other organmizations are not likely to communicate in the clear as a result.  My guess is they would resort to the logistically more difficult but cryptographically more secure one time pad system.  This might indeed make the NSA's job more difficult rather than less.
Jim Windle
Join 18 million Eudora users by signing up for a free Eudora Web-Mail account at

@_date: 2001-09-17 12:11:54
@_author: Jim Windle 
@_subject: [FYI] Did Encryption Empower These Terrorists? 
As Perry points out in his comment here and as I pointed out in my follow up posts, crypto is not so exotic as it may first appear.  Not only is it installed in browsers and used to buy books and whatever else people buy on the internet while protecting their financial information; it plays and essentianl role in the financial markets.  While this application may be largely invisible to most people it is of tremendous importance.  You point out that crypto is a "martial" technology, to some extend this is true, but it is increasing used in commercial applications.  This uses are enabling some of the most vibrant sectors of the economy that contribute greatly to growth in GNP and productivity.  Radio and airplanes were primarrily "martial" technologies in their early years, and yet have changed the face of civilian life in subsequent years. Suppose non-military use of those technologies had been banned at the beginning or World War I?  In the same way the "martial" users of crypto were insensitive to cost and user friendliness and were the early adapters.  As crypto becomes easier to use and more available it will be used to facilitate the move of a large percentage of commercial transactions to the internet to reduce costs, and uses not even imagined now will likely be found and become ubiquitious.  Jim Windle
Join 18 million Eudora users by signing up for a free Eudora Web-Mail account at

@_date: 2001-09-17 14:14:34
@_author: Jim Windle 
@_subject: How Dangerous is Crypto? 
In this debate about restrictions on crypto after Tuesday's events I
think it important to address the issues on logical and empirical
rather than emotional or ideological grounds.  I have made a number of
posts but would like to try to summarise.  These are my thoughts, your
mileage may vary.  When the terms crypto or strong crypto are used
what is being referred to?  Presumably it is user friendly  version of
cryptographically strong Public key systems.  How dangerous are these
programs?  And in related fashion what happens if they are banned or
restricted, for terrorists, cryptography enthusiasts and the general
public.  Is it even practical?  And if so what alternative systems are
available for "legitimate" uses and how good are they.  A few points
on these questions.
First, while it is logical to me a educated and reasonably technically
sophisticated westerner that the bin Laden terror network uses these
public key systems because its how I would do it if I were them, I
have see no hard evidence that in fact they use public key
cryptography or even the internet.  I have seen press reports claiming
without substantiation that this is the case but no real evidence of
Second, if we assume for a minute that the terrorist use public key
systems and that they could be removed from and kept out of terrorist
hands (and also their ability to reproduce a working system on their
own) what would they do?  Would they use a one time pad system that is
logistically more difficult but potentially more secure
cryptographically if used properly.  If they want to use crypto and
public key systems are not available this seems likely to me, and I
don't see how this makes the NSA's job any simpler.  Whatever the
terrorist do, I doubt strongly is will be communicating in the clear
over channels easily accessible to the NSA.
Third, assuming public key systems could be removed from and kept out
of terrorist hands it would mean eliminating these existing sytems
which we know to work pretty well from private and commercial uses.
If removed the affects on institutional financial markets and
individuals who purchase products otherwise unavailable to them over
the internet would be devastating.  If existing public key systems are
replaced with a some sort of escrowed key system there would certainly
be disruptions during its adaptation, to the extend there were
widespread doubts about its efficacy there would be lessening of
electronic commerce dependant upon crypto.  Who would bear the costs
of removing and replacing the existing public key systems and what
would those costs be?  This I can't answer except to say they are
likely to be very high.  Finally is a key secrow system even workable?
And if so what do we do until it is developed in a reliable form?
Considering these points, I have to conclude that it would be
impossible to deny strong crypto in the former of an existing system,
a sytem they develop themselves or a simple one time pad system, to
terrorist groups and there is no gain to be had by "denying" them
these systems, even if they use them at all.  Furthermore I conclude
that the attempt to do so if made would likely be very costly to both
the financial services industry and individual consumers even if a
viable replacment system based on key escrow is available.  Finally I
think, with much less certainly though, that a workable key escrow
system is likely to be difficult to develop and successfully implement
and if develped it is likely to impose a number of direct and indirect
Jim Windle
Join 18 million Eudora users by signing up for a free Eudora Web-Mail account at
