
@_date: 2010-08-01 13:51:34
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: Five Theses on Security Protocols 
Hash: SHA1
Speaking as a merchant (yep, I get to do that too!), albeit one in
Higher Education, we don't view the risk of a compromise of a
transaction simply as the risk of losing the associated profit. Our
risk concern is more about risk to reputation. MIT wants it's name in
the papers associated with scientific breakthroughs and the like, not
with reports of security breaches!
We also need to be concerned with penalties that might be levied from
the various card networks (this is a more recent concern).
I am involved in our PCI security efforts (led them for a while). We
are not at all concerned with issues involved with SSL. Almost all of
our concern is about protecting the PC's of non-technical people who
are processing these transactions.
Similarly the breaches I am aware of were all about compromising
back-end systems, not breaking SSL.
I remember them well. Indeed these protocols, presumably you are
talking about Secure Electronic Transactions (SET), were a major
improvement over SSL, but adoption was killed by not only failing the
give the merchants a break on the fraud surcharge, but also requiring
the merchants to pick up the up-front cost of upgrading all of their
systems to use these new protocols. And there was the risk that it
would turn off consumers because it required the consumers setup
credentials ahead of time. So if a customer arrived at my SET
protected store-front, they might not be able to make a purchase if
they had not already setup their credentials. Many would just go to a
competitor that doesn't require SET rather then establish the
So another aspect of the failure of SET was that it didn't provide
real incentives for consumers to go though the hassle of having their
credentials setup, thus creating a competitive advantage for those
merchants who did *not* use SET. Sigh.
Comes back to Perry's theses, you *must* design security systems to
work for *real* people (both as consumes and merchants).
                        -Jeff

@_date: 2010-07-31 20:37:17
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: Five Theses on Security Protocols 
Hash: SHA1
In general I agree with you, in particular when the task at hand is
authenticating individuals (or more to the point, Joe
Sixpack). However the use case of certificates for websites has worked
out pretty well (from a purely practical standpoint). The site owner
has to protect their key, because as you say, revocation is pretty
much non-existent.
This is one of the issues driving "Federated Authentication." The idea
being that each organization authenticates its own users (however it
deems appropriate) and the federation technology permits this
authentication to be used transitively. I view federation as still in
its infancy, so there are plenty of growing pains ahead of us.
As an aside... a number of years ago I was speaking with the security
folks at a large financial organization which does business with
MIT. Their authentication approach was pretty lame. I asked them if
they could instead accept MIT client certificates. They had a simple
question for me. They asked me if MIT would make good if a transaction
went bad and the "badness" could be attributed to us
mis-authenticating someone. I said "No". They said, well, our
authentication may be lame, but we stand behind it. If someone loses
money as a result, we will make them whole. And there you have it.
Completely agree. One of the appeals of public key credentials, notice
that I didn't say "certificate" here, is that you can prove your
identity without permitting the relying party to turn around and use
your credentials. I call this class of system "non-disclosing" because
you do not disclose sufficient information to permit the relying party
to impersonate you. Passwords are "disclosing"!
We do not require drivers of automobiles to be auto mechanics. We
shouldn't require internet users to be security technologists.
I learned about this from a story when I was a kid. I believe it was
called "The Boy who Cried Wolf."
                        -Jeff

@_date: 2010-07-31 20:41:20
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: Is this the first ever practically-deployed use of a threshold 
Hash: SHA1
When we deployed the U.S. Higher Ed. PKI Root (USHER) [1] we secret
shared the root key in a 3 of 5 way. The operator of the PKI had two
of the shares and 3 independent outsiders each had a single share. The
idea being that the operator would need to contact one of the outside
share holders in order to recover the key, but it would require all
three of the outside share holders to get together to recombine the
key without the cooperation of the operator.
Each share consisted of a CD-R with the share written to it thousands
of times (why not, the thing holds ~650Mb and the share is about 1k or
so). We also wrote out the source code of the combining program a few
thousand times as well. It was written in Python.
                        -Jeff

@_date: 2014-02-13 19:17:12
@_author: Jeffrey I Schiller 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Another Bitcoin issue (maybe) (was: BitCoin bug 
Hash: SHA1
I?ve been playing with Bitcoin myself. When I first looked at it when
it came out, I was convinced it would not scale because of the ever
growing size of the blockchain (on my system it is currently around
20Gb). But then again, I though that .COM wouldn?t scale either. :-)
So disks are getting bigger and we are seeing ?light weight? wallets
(aka they depend on other peers instead of having their own copy of
the blockchain). I don?t believe this will be a long term problem.
However, I am concerned about mining and the diminishing
rewards. Today, as has been said here, a tremendous amount of mining
is going on. However the block reward is 25 BTC (~$15,000) so there is
real motivation to use hardware and really go all out to do mining.
However when the block rewards go away (years from now) it doesn?t
make sense to me to spend a lot of effort mining for the tiny
transaction fees. I know the theory is that the transaction fees will
motivate miners. Really?
Here is what I fear may happen. When the reward goes away, so will the
miners. So the protocol will adapt by reducing the work factor
required to create a block. At some point it will stabilize. But what
of all of that idle mining hardware? I wonder if someone could
purchase enough of it to capture the blockchain and have their way
with us? The security of Bitcoin is dependent on no one entity being
able to do more work then the rest of the network... but will this
remain a valid assumption?
- -Jeff

@_date: 2014-02-14 11:23:07
@_author: Jeffrey I Schiller 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Another Bitcoin issue (maybe) 
Hash: SHA1
Actually my bitcoin partition usage is up to 40Gb (20Gb owned by
bitcoind and the rest owned by the Armory wallet). Btw. I keep my
bitcoin partition encrypted.
Indeed I would fully expect exchanges and most merchants to maintain
an entire copy of the blockchain. It is the consumers in this equation
who will use light weight wallets. I'm playing with the KryptoKit
Chrome extension and Andreas Schildbach?s Bitcoin Wallet on
Android. KryptoKit directly uses blockchain.info and Andreas's wallet
scans the blockchain that it receives from the P2P network, though you
can tell it to only connect to a "trusted" peer.
Another cryptography related issue is the strength of the ECDSA Curve
used (secp256k1) not to mention the whole space of ECDSA. Currencies
last a long time.... one of the interesting features of Bitcoin is the
hashing of the public key to derive the Bitcoin address. As long as
you don't spend from a bitcoin address, the public key is never
revealed. So you are protected from attacks against the ECDSA
curve. However as soon as you do a spend, the blockchain contains your
public key and this protection is lost. I have seen advice that says
you should only spend from an address once, sending change from a
transaction to a different address. This is implemented in the full
wallets. However the light weight wallets are really just a wrapper
around a single address. In fact the term "wallet" is sometimes
conflated with address (not to mention Coin :-) ). Things like "paper
wallets" are just a scanable copy of a private key.
Then there is the abomination of "brain wallets" where the private key
is simply a password. Btw. An interesting experiment to do (I've done
it) is to create a brain wallet based on a simple password and send it
some coin (don't send a lot!). Within a few seconds of submitting the
transaction, a transaction will be submitted that steals the coin. So
someone (probably more then one someone) has built a lookup table of
all bitcoin addresses that result of a decent password
dictionary. They are watching the transaction chain in real time and
making off with coin when they find a match. Pretty cool, and scary.
So bitcoin is under constant attack. Of course what doesn't kill you,
makes you stronger. Hmmm. Does that apply to crypto?
- -Jeff

@_date: 2016-01-23 21:54:37
@_author: Jeffrey I Schiller 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USS Pueblo and crypto 
There is this pretty cool blog about two westerners who took a train from Vienna
to Pyonyang.
The blog itself can be found at: In particular this page:
 contains pictures
of the Pueblo (from 2008) just scroll down.
