
@_date: 2001-08-10 13:46:23
@_author: John Lowry 
@_subject: NSA's new mode of operation broken in less than 24 hours 
Note that neither of the "double counter" creators are cryptomathematicians
but are compusec engineers who are - I presume - seeking to create a mode to
solve some systems performance and resource issues.

@_date: 2001-07-11 10:57:41
@_author: John Lowry 
@_subject: Crypto hardware 
The unit is called the SafeKeyper from BBN. It is based on a unit designed for type-1 cryptography and met
the various government standards required.  That unit was, I believe, the first cryptographic peripheral device
accepted by the government and led to the acceptance of other peripheral cryptographic devices like Fortezza, SmartCards, etc.
We in the biz never use the term "tamperproof"  ;-)
Besides being impossible, it is often viewed as a challenge.
Highly tamper resistant and tamper evident is the claim.
For example, we speculate that if you took a
SafeKeyper and froze it in liquid nitrogen, then
you might be able to disassemble it and neutralize
the tamper circuitry.  This would allow you to extract
the keying material and perhaps re-assemble the unit.
We believe that the tampering would be evident due to
tamper resistant seals on the opening of the unit although
cleverness would probably defeat those too.  Of course, if
freezing damaged the circuitry then that would be tamper
evidence too ...  It would be a fun experiment.
We can take this offline if you wish.  I'm not certain
it is of general interest.
BTW: you can still buy these and an improved model
is in the works. John Lowry
John Lowry
Division Engineer
jlowry at bbn.com
jlowry.pager at bbn.com

@_date: 2002-05-13 15:02:51
@_author: John Lowry 
@_subject: Quantum crypto broken? 
(Greg and I work on the same project ...)
The Oxford announcement doesn't present quite
the risk implied.  Cloning in their case results
in an energy loss of 1/2 which is easily detected
through various means including error rate.
You have to conserve of energy ...
For a quick discussion on the no-cloning theory
see A notional QKD system can tolerate about a 15% error rate (14.86%
to be exact) before mutual information becomes an issue.
(For transmissions of >100 qbits)
5/6ths represents an error rate of 16% above that of the
baselined quantum system even if energy weren't conserved.
(Back of the envelope ...) For the system we're building, cutting power in half, greater probability of absorbtion, etc.,
yields another 20% error making _at least_ 36% error on
top of the baselined system.
There is a lot of math and implementation detail which
I won't go into but the physical and mathematical proofs
indicate that this is not a threat.  If perfect cloning were
possible this would be a _very_ different universe.

@_date: 2003-10-06 07:29:03
@_author: John Lowry 
@_subject: Protocol implementation errors 
I agree with Peter.  If we're concerned about security implications of a
particular SW technique then obviously we should ban the C language and all
the string libraries first  ;-)

@_date: 2003-09-16 17:30:17
@_author: John Lowry 
@_subject: quantum hype 
QC is currently a one-time pad distribution mechanism - or at lower rates a
key establishment mechanism most suitable for symmetric algorithms.
You are correct that authentication is not inherent.  Then again, this is
also true for "classical" symmetric and PKI schemes.  To be usable, all
crypto requires some kind of authentication mechanism or scheme.
The QC community is well aware of this problem and is working on it.
Please don't give up yet !  In the mean time, manual establishment of an
authentication secret works as do physical means e.g., optical viewing of a
satellite from a ground station.
Please remember that it's early days yet; the problems are real and hard.
Come join the fun.
And watch out for snake oil from early attempts at commercialization  ;-)
PS: a small nit.  The quantum channel is tamper _detectable_.  There is no
claim to being "untamperable".  You can always detect tampering (and throw
away those bits) regardless of who you are talking to.  Multiple "reads" of
a photon (several approaches have been considered) is either equivalent to
tampering or yields no information.  Physics is fun !

@_date: 2004-01-08 12:15:05
@_author: John Lowry 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: Non-repudiation (was RE: The PAIN mnemonic)] 
Non-repudiation is really very simple in concept.
"The ability to prove to a third party that you (or someone else) was party
to a transaction".
There are a lot of problems regarding who the third party must be, what
constitutes "proof", etc., etc.
In the English common-law system, this is applied in various ways and times.
It all comes down to concepts of "reasonableness", "intent", "care" and so
Can you say "convince the judge or jury of your peers" ?
The same is true for authentication.

@_date: 2007-06-26 17:08:24
@_author: John Lowry 
@_subject: History, context, QKD and the Internet 
I'm old enough to remember hearing (I've worked at BBN for a long  time now)
that connecting computers on a large scale just isn't going to work,  I would never need more than 4MB of main memory, etc.  Any reader can
fill out the rest without my risking being pedantic.
I do remember before public key when symmetric keys were delivered
by an extended workforce and no-one believed there would be a need
for "consumer" crypto.  I also remember lots of questions about PK,
its validity and management - some of which are still being asked.
Is there a hash algorithm that _everyone_ is satisfied with ?
Authentication before PK was possession of the secret key.
The world of computing and communication sure looks different 40+  years later.
So I encourage you to look at QKD in context.  I know everything is  in "internet time" but remember just how recently QKD has been dragged
off of the physics optics bench by some engineers to see what can be  with it.  Also, a small revolution has been taking place while  discussion (on this list anyway)
has focused on 1st generation QKD.  Several very high speed (up to
nominal line speed) systems have been proposed.  Long-haul all- optical networks
are being researched, and some will be built.  The problem of  is well understood, even it it hasn't been solved.
Of course, you have to keep up with the literature and not remain
stuck in the '80s with BB84.
We live in "internet time".

@_date: 2010-04-22 09:46:18
@_author: John Lowry 
@_subject: Quantum Key Distribution: the bad idea that won't die... 
There have been many misattributions in the technological world
to include remarks supposedly made about 640K of memory, the number
of computers required for global processing needs, and the number of routers
that would eventually be required for internetworking.  Perry's claim has the property of actually having been said, so I will archive it.
My own speculation is that the security community and its interests are
perhaps a bit broader than than some members wish it were.
If you want to see some interesting physics that represents unexpected
results relevant to communications (and comes from entangled QKD research) then take a look at: There is a human-readable summary at:

@_date: 2013-10-02 06:08:34
@_author: John Lowry 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RSA recommends against use of its own products. 
BBN has created three ASN.1 code generators over time and even released a couple. (ASN.1 to C, C++, and Java). I believe that DER to support typical X.509 management is the easiest subset.  I can check on status for release to open source if there is interest. It has been available as part of Certificate Management systems we've released to open source but obviously this is a very small COI indeed.
I can read hex dumps of ASN.1 and choose not to develop similar skills for XML and other types.   I'm getting too old for that kind of skill acquisition to be fun. But to forward reference in this chain (with apologies), I too would prefer a standard that that has Postel's principles as a touchstone. John Lowry
Sent from my iPhone
