
@_date: 2006-07-04 20:02:44
@_author: John McCormac 
@_subject: Irish eVoting Vetoed 
The Irish government's commission's report on the NEDAP/Powervote system has been published. (PDFs on the site)
As a secure system, it leaves a lot to be desired and it seems to be an example in how not to implement an eVoting system. Just reading the report, I am beginning to wonder which has more holes - a lump of activated charcoal or this eVoting system.

@_date: 2014-06-15 10:59:47
@_author: John McCormac 
@_subject: [Cryptography] End-to-End, One-to-Many, Encryption Question 
A lot of the satellite TV Conditional Access systems depend on implementing session/limited time keys and a heartbeat system (a subscriber ID had to be in a data stream (encrypted) of IDs sent out by the headend and if not the smartcard/decoder would stop decoding). Some of the thinking was geared towards breaking down the subscribers and their smartcards/set top boxes into groups so that a compromise of a card in one group would effectively be limited to that group only and would not spread to other groups. (  ) The intial theory behind the use of smartcards in satellite TV systems was focused on each smartcard issue having a limited (6 months) lifespan before being replaced. It was supposed to have provided a moving target for attackers rather than the sitting duck that previous systems had become. Upgrading the non-smartcard systems generally involved a complete hardware replacement of the subscriber's set top box/decoder and consequently the countermeasures were limited to tweaks and patches that didn't break the system. As the subscriber numbers grew in the smartcard based systems, the logistics and costs of such replacements grew accordingly so that the smartcard lifespan increased. This proved fatal for some systems.
News Datacom had a few patents on such systems because of a vulnerability that I wrote about in the early 1990s that is still being exploited today. (   ) This is one patent that deals with more recent countermeasures: Many smartcard based systems have been vulnerable to having the decrypted key (the decoder sends the encrypted key to the subscriber's smartcard and the smartcard, if enabled, decrypts the key and returns it to the decoder) shared so that one smartcard can effectively run a multitude of decoders. The initial solution was to introduce a card pairing approach so that only one smartcard could be used with a single decoder. That seems to have had a few problems. Other approaches have been to encrypt traffic across the vulnerable smartcard/decoder interface.
Many CA systems approach the problem by using multiple keys with limited lifespans and a heartbeat type system (an Alice originated encrypted datastream that includes only encrypted valid subscriber IDs or hashes/entitlement management data) with the Charlie key being used with validation data (and or entitlement management data) from the Alice datastream to produce the required Charlie session key to decrypt the data).  With CA systems, since the end-user theoretically did not have access to the decrypted entitlement management data and the smartcard was supposed to be a blackbox, it was possible for Alice to set the entitlements for Charlie's smartcard/access. The Fiat-Shamir Zero Knowledge proof was used with one early smartcard based CA system (VideoCrypt) to have the card autheticate itself to the decoder and prove it was not a fake card but it apparently had implementation issues. However in a system where keys are being shared, the attacker would only need to send the correct response data along with the key data because a real card is effectively being used in parallel in all Alice's real problem in such a system is in detecting which Charlies have been compromised and are sharing the same key to decrypt the data.  From a Conditional Access point of view, such a cloud based system would have higher risks because the software used by Charlie-[0-n] would be, theoretically, in the hands of an attacker and would potentially be easier to reverse-engineer as there are no hardware elements involved. Unlike a CA system, it might be a lot easier to exclude a compromised Charlie from this system because it would have elements (IP addresses etc) that could be used to control access.
It does seem to be more a key handling/entitlements system problem than a purely cryptographic one. It might be a good thing to read some of the specification documents on satellite TV Conditional Access systems to see how such systems are implemented. Closing the loop (having each Charlie autheticate/connect with Bob or Alice) would be one way of helping solve this problem. A time sensitive element would also be essential for securing such a system. That way any compromise short of a catastrophic failure would be a finite lifespan compromise. But if it is critical data that's at risk, then any compromise might be considered

@_date: 2019-08-03 00:51:32
@_author: John McCormac 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to convince web site to use HTTPS ? 
Hint at it being a possible GDPR issue even though it may not be one. If it is using a login, it is potentially handling personal data.
Normally, it is a case of getting to talk to the webmaster rather than the boss or CEO. The website design might well have been outsourced and upgrading it to HTTPS will involve some more work. This brochureware approach to websites by businesses and organisations means that website design is viewed as a one-off expense and there's often no ongoing maintenance contract. Finding out if the website was developed in-house or outsourced would be the first step. That would provide an indication of the difficulty of convincing the organisation to upgrade to HTTPS.
Despite all the propaganda from Google and the search engine optimisation business, HTTPS redirects (where a site will redirect to a HTTPS version) are not universal. Some of the new gTLDs are HTTPS by default but the HTTPS redirect percentages on other TLDs vary.
This email has been checked for viruses by AVG.
