
@_date: 2002-07-20 06:26:52
@_author: John Brothers 
@_subject: It's Time to Abandon Insecure Languages 
I disagree in one  area.  I have found that Java is sufficiently
flexible to handle 99 - 100% of the server code for a data
processing server.  As long as its not doing kernel/OS level functionality,
it works great, it has fewer bugs, and, for the most part, is competently
powerful in performance.
Examining my init directory - sendmail, smtp, sshd (maybe), Apache,
squid, etc, all could have been written in Java w/out pain.  Streaming
media servers, Web services engines, etc are all candidates for java -
unless they have to do heavy manipulation of devices, proc tables, etc.
Obviously, that isn't everything.  And I cringe in horror at the idea of
to rewrite (for example) iptables or autofs or postgresql or even X in Java.
But that isn't where the problems were found.  They were found in more or
less generalized data processors - httpd and sshd.
Obvious note - you were talking more about client-side stuff.  I can't stand
Java for client-side work.  But I don't think that is where the
vulnerabilities are
found and exploited.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Friday, July 19, 2002 8:12 PM
I do not wish to start a language holy war, but I have full life
cycle experience in various projects in various languages, and my
experience was that if you use any language other than C/C++
ninety percent of the project goes much faster, and has far fewer
bugs than C++, and the remaining ten percent, which you have to
deliver in order to ship, involves a large number of horrible
hacks which effectively negate all the safety features of the
language and environment, take a very long time, and lead to all
sorts of problems.

@_date: 2003-05-30 13:09:24
@_author: John Brothers 
@_subject: [spam] Re: Nullsoft's WASTE communication system 
Can you void and/or revoke the GPL?  On one hand, the files are clearly
marked as copyright NullSoft, but on the other, they are also clearly
distributed with the GPL as the license in the header of each source file.
Since I downloaded this from a secondary party, they automatically accepted
the license when I retrieved it from them, and I automatically accepted it
when I modified a source file.
However, there is a paragraph at the bottom of the GPL that talks about the
employer signing a copyright disclaimer indicating that they really,
honestly mean that it is truly GPL.  That particular notice doesn't apear to
be in the manifest.
This will be interesting if it plays out in court.
