
@_date: 2001-08-13 17:49:31
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: Russian Programmer Not Eager to be Celebrity 
I can't say I'm surprised.  When he's not writing copy protection and
password cracking code, he's also one of the world's leading authors
of spamware, both programs to scrape e-mail addresses from web pages
( and to spam direct from dialups,
avoiding rate limits in the ISP's mail server
While I agree that the DMCA is an asinine law, and it's doubly asinine
to try to enforce it against non-resident foreigners, Skylarov is
hardly the virtuous innocent that some press accounts suggest he is.

@_date: 2001-12-04 00:30:12
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: VISA: All Your Password Are Belong to Us 
I took a look at the description of the scheme, with links at:
It seems pretty straightforward.  When a merchant gets a customer's
card number, the merchant queries (via an SSL link) a Visa server to
find out whether the card has a password.  If it does, the merchant (or
apparently some componentware of Visa's) asks for the password or
a smart-card swipe and sends that along, again via SSL, with the
rest of the transaction data for approval.  The incentive for the
merchant is that Visa promises that password-verified transactions
aren't subject to some kinds of chargebacks.  Nobody expects many
people to sign up for this any time soon.
Other than the inherent problem that all software has bugs, I don't
see any obvious horrible gaping holes, although I was a wee bit
surprised that when I followed the card signup link on Bank of
America's web site I ended up in the cyota.com domain, a software
vendor in Israel, although traceroutes showed that the server in
question was at a web hosting company in Georgia, which is neither in
Israel nor in North Carolina or California where the bank's main
offices are.  Why does this not make me feel more secure?

@_date: 2001-06-29 15:55:17
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: blocking chinese domains? 
In article  you write:
I gather that for quite a while, Chinese networks have been behind
what's known as the Great Firewall of China, and it does indeed filter
sites the government doesn't like.

@_date: 2001-11-13 12:54:46
@_author: John R Levine 
@_subject: Thai Pirates Crack Microsoft's New Windows System 
They didn't have to.  It's not widely publicized, but there's a
version of XP that has the old "type in a registration number"
activation rather than the intrusive new phone-home variety.
I imagine there's more than one large corporation that told Microsoft
that any operating system that insisted on exporting the configuration
data of all 300,000 of their corporate PCs through the firewall was
not something they were going to buy.

@_date: 2001-10-16 18:00:55
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: Scarfo "keylogger", PGP 
Of course, but the difference is that Windows users routinely install
programs that update libraries in random ways, Unix users don't.  By
and large, Unix applications only install libraries unique to the
application, and the general stuff only changes when you upgrade the
operating system.  If you're moderately clueful (a big assumption, I
know) the applications aren't installed as root so they can't whomp
the system libraries.  Most Windows applications, on the other hand,
come with copies vendor C libraries, graphics libraries, and who knows
what else, and just install them in \Windows\System.
It's a very common problem on Windows systems to have programs
mysteriously stop working because the user installed an unrelated
application that happened to use the same DLL, but the newly installed
version is older than the previous one and is missing features or bug
fixes.  The current generation of install software tries to check
version numbers and warn you if it's about to downgrade a library, but
it's entirely a convention in the installation software, not enforced
by anything.

@_date: 2001-09-16 22:30:49
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: How to ban crypto? 
For 1c, I always thought the basic argument is human nature.  The
model of GAK is that a nice policeman goes to the GAK vault, shows the
court order or other paperwork, and the clerk gives the policeman the
key to whatever it is he wants to snoop on.  Then the evil terrorist
(or kiddie porn drug runner) shows up without the proper paperwork,
and the clerk doesn't give him the key.  We depend on the clerk to act
correctly in both situations, which over the long run is totally
A complexity argument is that either you have a separate key on file
for each crypto device, which is a huge record-keeping problem, or you
have a super-key of some sort that the clerk can use to recreate
device keys as needed.  In the former case, you have a large database
that will be very hard to maintain both correctly and securely, in the
second case, you have a single target that's very attractive to bad
guys and as soon as the superkey is compromised, the whole system is
Those of us in the computer biz understand how brittle software tends
to be (not just crypto software), but people outside often don't, even
as they reboot their Windows PCs three times a day.

@_date: 2001-09-27 00:33:44
@_author: John R Levine 
@_subject: WSJ: "In Setback for Lawmakers Seeking Change Encryption Can't Be 
The Wall Street Journal had a good article about crypto on 9/25.
It basically said the genie is out of the bottle, every PC in the world
has strong crypto in its web browser and mail program and it's not going
away.  It quotes people saying that you can write strong crypto as Excel
macros, the mathematics is widely knows.  The last graf points out that
the cops are not helpless, people still write down their passwords and one
can install keyloggers on bad guy's PCs.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Sewer Commissioner
Finger for PGP key, f'print = 3A 5B D0 3F D9 A0 6A A4  2D AC 1E 9E A6 36 A3 47

@_date: 2002-12-17 00:55:36
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: Micropayments, redux 
I believe that both of these sentences are true, but I don't see any
obvious connection between them.  Micropayments have two problems.
The minor one is that technically we have no idea how to implement
them.  The major one is that users hate the idea.  Look at Andy
Odlyzko's work on pricing of communications, and you'll find that the
trend has always been away from nickel and dime per unit charges
toward flat rate subscriptions.  That's why all of us cell phone users
and dialup Internet users have plans with bundles of service, even
though it'd usually be cheaper on average to go a la carte.
For all I know, in a world where lots of people wanted to make lots of
tiny payments, Peppercoin would work.  But is there any reason to
belive that world is this world?

@_date: 2002-01-06 22:52:35
@_author: John R Levine 
@_subject: Anyone familiar with ntru? 
I have a note from someone telling me how wonderful NTRU's public key
system is, and how it's gonna make all our wireless communications
wonderfully secure.
So I have two sort of related questions:
a) Are they for real?  It's fully published and all that, but my abstract
algebra is pretty rusty.  Poking around on the net I found a paper from
France claiming to have cracked their signature algorithm (but not the
underlying crypto scheme.)
b) For applications like toll passes, who cares?  In these applications,
the vendor generates the key and sends out the dongle to the user, and the
dongle only validates against the vendor's system.  (The Mobil/Exxon
speedpass is another example.)  I would think that rather than going to
the computational expense of public keys, it'd be just as secure to send
back a hash of a challenge phrase and the dong;e's key.  This means that
the vendor keeps all the secrets, but in this case so what?  I can tell
you from experience that the main security problem with speedpass is that
you lose it not high-tech cloning, and I'd think that if a bad guy were
planning to clone the dongles, the nature of the algorithm performed on
the dongle's secret key wouldn't make any difference.
TIA and all that.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Sewer Commissioner
Write for PGP key, f'print = 3A 5B D0 3F D9 A0 6A A4  2D AC 1E 9E A6 36 A3 47

@_date: 2002-01-24 19:41:34
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: biometrics and not so secure hardware 
I gather your concern is well placed.  I've read reports of little
doozits fitted to bar ATMs that make a copy of your stripe info and
keypad input when you use the machine, always removed when the bank
guy comes to fill it up.  Biometry swiping should be equally possible,
since it's just bits to the ATM.

@_date: 2003-12-08 15:45:08
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: yahoo to use public key technology for anti-spam 
Versions of it are bouncing around in the IETF anti-spam research
group.  The one with the most traction appears to be Meng-Weng Wong's
SPF which is rather too complex for my taste.
John Levine, johnl at taugh.com, Taughannock Networks, Trumansburg NY

@_date: 2003-01-02 13:09:41
@_author: John R Levine 
@_subject: text/reference on computer security? 
A friend asks if there's any good books on security for programmers.  Two
years ago Michael Johnson was working on one, and it's even in Macmillan's
catalog, but it doesn't look like it actually came out.  Any other
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Sewer Commissioner
"A book is a sneeze." - E.B. White, on the writing of Charlotte's Web
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Can any of you recommend a good text or reference on computer security?
I'm looking for something targeted at the system/application developer
more than the network administrator, the kind of book you wish more people
at Microsoft had read.

@_date: 2003-06-06 21:01:40
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: Micropayments finally taking off. 
Maybe I'm unduly demanding, but it seems to me that an implementation
that handled an aggregate transfer of $500/day barely qualifies to be
called a prototype.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Sewer Commissioner
"More Wiener schnitzel, please", said Tom, revealingly.

@_date: 2003-06-10 01:52:08
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: The real problem that https has conspicuously failed to fix 
I think there's two separate problems here.  One is domain squatting.
I've seen lots of phishes from domains like paypal-confirm.com (which
is registered to someone in Pakistan.)  It is truly pitiful that with
all of the anti-squatting nonsense involved with ICANN and their UDRP,
and despite the cases cases we've read about with trademark owners
suing everyone who registers "bigcorp-sucks.com", people still
register deliberately confusing domain names in bad faith for fraudulent
purposes and get away with it.
The other issue, as someone else noted, is that html, like just about
everything else on the net, wasn't designed to be secure and unless
you're going to go reading the source code of every form you use, you
can't tell where your information is going.
I can't see that either of those issues can be addressed by
cryptography.  Crypto lets someone say "Hi!  I absolutely definitely
have a name somewhat like the name of a large familiar organization,
and I'd like to steal your data!" and lots of users will say "OK,
fine, whatever."

@_date: 2003-05-15 15:03:44
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: Payments as an answer to spam 
Of course.  See (Note that we wrote it in 1998.)  The "no spam" notice is technically
trivial, but is only useful if there are laws that make the notice
legally binding on senders.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Sewer Commissioner
"I dropped the toothpaste", said Tom, crestfallenly.

@_date: 2003-05-15 15:10:58
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: economics of spam (Re: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email?) 
No.  Spammers, not being entirely stupid, will start sending spam with
return addresses that they guess are on your whitelist.  Even if they
guess wrong most of the time, the havoc this will wreak on the e-mail
system is enormous.  (Challenge/response systems are a dreadful idea
for the same reason.)
Sure, you could fix that problem by putting cryptographically
verifiable signatures on all mail, but we all know how likely that is.
Of course, the fact that despite a decade of significant effort,
nobody has the faintest idea how to implement a micropayment system
makes the whole argument rather academic.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Sewer Commissioner
"I dropped the toothpaste", said Tom, crestfallenly.

@_date: 2003-11-23 01:27:47
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: US antispam bill is death to anonymity 
No, it only makes it illegal to use false or misleading information to
send commercial e-mail.  That's a rather important distinction.
Anonymous advertising is a contradiction.  The point of an ad is to
get people to buy something from you, but they can only buy that
something if they can find you.
Don't take my word for what the bill says, read it yourself.  It's not
that long.  There's plenty of things wrong with it, but outlawing all
anonymous mail isn't one of them.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Sewer Commissioner
"A book is a sneeze." - E.B. White, on the writing of Charlotte's Web

@_date: 2003-11-24 19:08:04
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: US antispam bill still isn't death to anonymity 
[Moderator's note: I'm allowing through this one last message, but
 we've really, really gotten off topic here. --Perry]
I doubt it, since the person forwarding it isn't the NYT or Topica and
the messages you're describing don't sound like they meet the
definition of commercial e-mail where the "primary purpose" has to be
commercial.  Remember, laws are not software, and they're interpreted
by judges, not by C++ code.  Maybe there's a crazed Attorney General
somewhere who would want to file such a case, and he could find an
even more crazed judge who wouldn't laugh it out of court, but I
wouldn't lie awake at night worrying about it.
Even beyond the reasons above that they wouldn't, if you'd read
sections 4(a)(3) and 4(a)(4) of the bill, you'd know the answer is no
since the rules about false domain info apply only to bulk mail.
Is that a message "the primary purpose of which is the commercial
advertisement or promotion of a commercial product or service"?  I
suppose that there might be a judge somewhere so twisted that he would
think so, but for me it fails my standard is-it-more-likely-than-
being-hit-by-lightning test.
Right, and if you look at the definitions in this bill, you'd know
that this interpretation of it is ridiculous.  Insofar as this bill
regulates anything, it regulates advertising mail, not mail with
incidental mentions of magic words.
Hmmn, I guess you missed definition (3)(15) about routine conveyance,
the description of which includes every anonymizer I've ever seen, and
definition (3)(9) which confirms that routine conveyance does not
count as initiating a message.  The person who sends the spam through
the anonymizer may be breaking the law, but the operator of the
anonymizer isn't.
As I've been saying, there are plenty of things wrong with this bill,
but outlawing anonymous non-spam isn't one of them.  I would be much
more concerned that it gives a green light to big companies that have
been waiting on the sidelines to fill our mailboxes with so much
garbage that we can't find the trickle of real mail.  Think of it as
reverse steganography.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Sewer Commissioner
"More Wiener schnitzel, please", said Tom, revealingly.

@_date: 2004-01-02 18:03:13
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: What's wrong with Victor's approach to spam 
[ probably not for publication ]
Oh, no, not John Gilmore's "God told me to leave my relays open and
you're evil for not eating my spam" argument again.  Please, can we
not do that?
[Moderator's Note: and on that note, I'm ending the spam discussion
for now. --Perry]

@_date: 2004-07-17 22:50:01
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Using crypto against Phishing, Spoofing and Spamming... 
A lot.  According to people at the anti-phishing conference earlier
this year, six-figure losses are common, and seven-figure not unknown.
The kind of phishes we all see, trolling for credit card or ISP
account info with spam, are the lowest level kind.  The serious ones
carefully choose their targets, e.g., ebay sellers with very high
positive ratings, or people who live outside the US and have large US
bank accounts, and are more likely to send hundreds of messages than
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Mayor
"A book is a sneeze." - E.B. White, on the writing of Charlotte's Web

@_date: 2005-12-14 02:42:18
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: automatic toll collection, was Japan Puts Its Money on E-Cash 
Here in the northeast where E-ZPass is much more established, the
discounts for using the pass are much smaller unless you get a
commuter plan, but they're extremely popular because they save a great
deal of time.  In New Jersey, they've redone several high-volume toll
plazas so the road splits with the right lanes going to toll booths
and the left lanes running under a grid of pass readers where you
don't even slow down.  The prepay increment is only $15.
No argument there.  I always figured that I'll use my pass for normal
travel but wrap it in foil and pay cash when I'm disposing of my
political opponents' bodies.  "Couldn't have been me, my car has a
pass.  Look at all these toll logs."

@_date: 2005-12-15 04:31:36
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: automatic toll collection, was Japan Puts Its Money on E-Cash 
Seems moot now.  The 407 toll road around Toronto has no toll booths
at all.  If you drive on it frequently, you can get a transponder but
otherwise, they take a picture of your plates, look you up, and mail
you a bill.  This does work -- I've gotten a bill for my NY car after
a trip.  The web site at  makes it clear that
the transponder is completely optional, and won't save you any money
unless you use it more than 7 times a year.  (The transponder costs
$2/mo and saves $3.45 per trip.)
The easiest way to get a transponder appears to be to drive on the
road, wait until you get a bill on which they will have assigned you
an account number, then use that number to log into their web site and
order one.
An article in Wikipedia says that congestion tolls in London (UK) are
also collected automatically by taking pictures of license plates.

@_date: 2005-07-09 12:32:04
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Why Blockbuster looks at your ID. 
It's been my impression that the way you're supposed to verify the ID
of a credit card user is by checking the signature.  I've heard of
banks telling businesses not to demand separate ID.  On the other
hand, I can easily believe that Blockbuster came up with the ID idea
all by themselves.
I was in England last week where I noticed that the banks are
switching all UK credit cards to chip+pin technology.  We'll see.  For
that matter, French cards have all been chip+pin for years.  Any idea
what their fraud rates are like?  The French card machines will do
magstripe with a signature, but it's mostly us foreigners who need it.

@_date: 2005-07-10 15:41:17
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Why Blockbuster looks at your ID. 
I dunno about your bank, but my credit card banks want the name,
relationship, and SSN for each extra card, and they tell me in various
ways that if I lend the card to anyone else, anything bad that happens
is my problem.

@_date: 2005-06-24 03:32:44
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Some companies are just asking for it. 
Shopsafe is rather nice.  I use it all the time, and it's written in
flash which works on my FreeBSD laptop.
On the other hand, MBNA's mail practices would be laughable if they
weren't entirely in line with every other bank in the country.  If you
read Dave Farber's IP list, a couple of days ago Bob Frankston sent in
an alarmed note saying that some info from his Bank of America account
had apparently been stolen and used in a phish, and I wrote to tell him
that no, the mail was real, from the service bureau they use which has
a name nobody outside the banking industry knows.
Aaron Emigh of Radix Labs wrote to tell me about a talk he gave
earlier this year at an Anti-Phishing Working Group earlier this year
on this topic, which starts with a set of examples of real bank mail
each of which looks phishier than the last.
This is 30MB due to the voiceover, but if you have a fast web
connection, it's worth running.  It needs Powerpoint:
 John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Mayor
"I dropped the toothpaste", said Tom, crestfallenly.

@_date: 2005-03-13 22:33:56
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: $90 for high assurance _versus_ $349 for low assurance 
Just last week I was trying to figure out what the difference was
between a StarterSSL certificate for $35 (lists at $49 but you might
as well sign up for the no-commitment reseller price) and a QuickSSL
cert for $169.  If you look at the bits in the cert, they're nearly
identical, both signed by Geotrust's root.
As far as the verification they do, QuickSSL sends an e-mail to the
domain's contact address (WHOIS or one of the standard domain
addresses like webmaster), and if someone clicks through the URL, it's
verified.  StarterSSL even though it costs less has a previous
telephone step where you give them a phone number, they call you, and
you have to punch in a code they show you and then record your name.
Score so far: QuickSSL 0.0000001, StarterSSL 0.00000015.
Both have various documents available with impressive certifications
from well-paid accountants, none of which mean anything I can tell.
Under some circumstances they might pay back some amount to someone
defrauded by a spoofed cert, but if anyone's figured out how to take
advantage of this, I'd be amazed.
Comodo, who sell an inferior variety of cert with a chained signature
(inferior because less software supports it, not because it's any less
secure) is slightly more demanding, although I stumped then with
abuse.net which isn't incorporated, isn't a DBA, and isn't anything
else other than me.  I invented some abuse.net stationery and faxed
them a letter assuring that I was in fact me, which satisfied them.
Back when I had a cert from Thawte, they wanted DUNS numbers which I
didn't have, not being incorporated nor doing enough business to get a
business credit rating, so they were satisfied with a fax of my county
business license, a document which, if I didn't have one, costs $25 to
get a real one, or maybe 15 minutes in Photoshop to make a fake one
good enough to fool a fax machine.  I gather that the fancier certs do more intrusive checking, but I
never heard of any that did anything that might make any actual
difference, like getting business documents and then checking with the
purported issuer to see if they were real or, perish forbid, visiting
the nominal location of the business to see if anything is there.
So the short answer to what's the difference between a ten dollar cert
and a $350 cert is:   $340.
Next question?
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Mayor
"I shook hands with Senators Dole and Inouye," said Tom, disarmingly.

@_date: 2005-03-16 23:17:59
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: $90 for high assurance _versus_ $349 for low assurance 
Although some certs make more intrusive checks, it all strikes me as
security theater.  In particular, although some of them make some
effort to verify that I am who I say I am, I don't see any of them
making any effort to verify that my web sites are what they say they
are.  It would be an interesting experiement to register, say,
PAYPAL-VERIFICATION.COM (which is available) with my own info in
WHOIS, then apply for a cert from Verisign saying that it's me, and
see if they ask if I'm Paypal.  My guess is that they wouldn't.
Treating CAs differently would be a fine idea if there were a real
difference, but $300 or $1000 still isn't anywhere close to what it
would cost to do a meaningful investigation of someone's identity.
I've been proposing for a while that we try industry-specific branded
certs.  The branding would put a logo in the signing cert (there's
already a field for it) and adjust browsers to display the signing
cert's logo in a place where users can't put anything else, e.g., the
corner that usually displays the IE "e" or Firefox bat.  Industry
specific means that the certs would be issued by a regulator or
industry association who already knows who the legitimate entities
are, such as the FDIC for banks in the US, so there's no extra step of
introducing the certified parties to the certifier.
The point of branding the signer is that you then have a single brand
that you want to tell people to look for, e.g. "Would you bank at an
office without the FDIC logo in the window?  Look for the same logo
on your bank's web site."
There remain some issues, notably how you keep fake signing certs out
of computers of people who will click the OK box in a window that says
"Harvest all your account numbers and steal all your money?"  But it
seems to me a reasonable approach to more credible online identity for
often-faked targets.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Mayor
"More Wiener schnitzel, please", said Tom, revealingly.

@_date: 2005-10-01 16:48:36
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: 'Virtual Card' Offers Online Security Blanket 
I've been using MBNA's Shopsafe virtual cards for years.  They're
issued by a small flash application which, to my amazement, works just
fine in Firefox on FreeBSD.  Each card can only be used at a single
merchant, and you can either use them once or set them up to be good
for a year with a per transaction limit for subscriptions or places
where you do repeat business.
I've actually found them more useful for cancelling subscriptions than
for preventing fraud.  There are lots of places where it's easy to
sign up online and nearly (or actually) impossible to cancel.  Since I
give them virtual card numbers, I send them my cancel notice, then
turn off the card.  I can't ever recall an instance where they
cancelled my account as I requested before sending me a alarming
notice that they'd have to suspend my account because my card wasn't
good any more.

@_date: 2005-09-26 16:26:28
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: PKI too confusing to prevent phishing, part 28 
In article  you write:
I don't get it.  When you can get a free cert good for a month and
signed by Geotrust, why waste time with self-signed certs?  See
 for a sample.

@_date: 2006-12-13 15:40:09
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: cellphones as room bugs 
With decent compression techniques, 8kbps is close to telephone
quality, and 2400bps has artifacts but is still quite clear.  There
are some nice examples at:
1kbps would be adequate for understandable speech, so I would expect
that a modern phone with megabytes for music storage could easily
store several days of voice-activated room bugging.

@_date: 2006-05-07 18:14:12
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Get a boarding pass, steal someone's identity 
It sounds real to me, with an airline whose security is slightly but
not greatly worse than typical.  I buy a lot of online tickets in the US and I believe that although I
can enter whatever frequent flyer number I want when I buy a ticket, I
always have to provide a PIN to get access to any history or account
info.  But I don't lose my PINs (being a bad user I use the same PIN
many places) so I haven't looked to see how hard it would be to fake
out the various password recovery schemes.

@_date: 2006-05-08 18:11:24
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Get a boarding pass, steal someone's identity 
Lots of us have noticed that, print one version for the person at
security with a name that matches the ID, print another version for
the person at the gate with a name that matches the reservation and
the bar code.
But actually, you don't even have to do that.  When I travel with my
wife and daughter, whose names are completely unlike mine, I always
put the boarding passes in a stack with one of theirs on top and hand
the person my ID.  I would say at least half the time they don't even
bother to look and see if one of the other passes has a name that
matches the ID.

@_date: 2006-10-03 13:41:58
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: signing all outbound email 
etc, etc.
You know, we've already had all these arguments on the DKIM mailing
list about a hundred times.  It's true, just about everything that is wrong with DKIM is also wrong
with every other signature scheme.  The salient difference is that
DKIM sets its sights lower and is designed to be more easily
deployable so there is more of a chance that it can break out of the
ghetto where all the existing message signature schems languish, and
at least increase the amount of mail that peoples' known
correspondents have signed.  Despite a great deal of misreporting and
wishful thinking, we do know that it is neither a magic bullet against
spam nor against phishing.
Rather than having the same old arguments yet again, how about reading
the list archives linked from
 and at least argue about
something different?
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Mayor
"More Wiener schnitzel, please", said Tom, revealingly.

@_date: 2006-09-07 15:33:15
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: A lack of US cryptanalytic security before Midway? 
Has the conventional wisdom forgotten that it was reported in the
Chicago Tribune in 1942?
See, for example, Fortunately, the Navy Department had enough sense not to make a public
stink, and the Japanese evidently didn't read the Chicago paper.

@_date: 2007-04-05 14:21:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: DNSSEC to be strangled at birth. 
For anyone who hasn't been paying attention, the root zone is
maintained by IANA which since February 2000 has been run by ICANN
under a contract with the US Department of Commerce.  DOC calls the
shots and always has.
I don't understand any better than anyone else why DHS sent out a
press release that can accomplish nothing but get people upset, but at
most this is a turf battle between two cabinet departments.  The war
was over seven years ago.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Mayor
"More Wiener schnitzel, please", said Tom, revealingly.

@_date: 2007-04-06 17:13:00
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: hoofbeats of zebras, was DNSSEC to be strangled at birth. 
I dunno about you, but if some part of the Federal government wanted
to mess with a particular target, it's much more likely they would
arrange for some large NSPs do some adjusted BGP.  Or even more likely
some guys in suits would show up at Verisign and say, "We're from
[redacted] and we would appreciate it if you arranged for requests for
[redacted].net from network [redacted]/15 to resolve to [redacted] for
the next couple of weeks."
Personally, I like Paul's theory about the DHS dork with a press
release.  He doesn't understand zones or delegation or the root
servers or routing or anything else, but the signing key will let them
Take Control of this Vital Resource in case of National Emergency.
You know, like they did in New Orleans.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  Mayor
"More Wiener schnitzel, please", said Tom, revealingly.

@_date: 2007-08-09 01:47:58
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: unintended consequences? 
Somehow, I suspect that Corning and the relevant authorities have been
in touch to work out any problems.
Corning is a politically very well connected company.  Amory Houghton,
a member of the family that has controlled the company since its
founding in 1851, was company CEO from 1965-84, and was then the
member of Congress from my district from 1986-2005.  His father was
CEO and later ambassador to France.  His grandfather was CEO and later
member of Congress and then ambassador to first Germany and later
Britain.  You get the idea.

@_date: 2007-12-13 20:58:18
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: PlayStation 3 predicts next US president 
That's a medallion signature guarantee provided by a bank or similar
institution.  Unlike a notary, the guarantee means something, with
the institution accepting liability for forgery.
Not surprisingly, it's a rare bank bank who will do this for anyone who
isn't already a customer.  At my bank, the same person happens to be a
notary and the guarantee officer and she knows me, so she just asks which
stamp I want.

@_date: 2007-02-14 04:32:53
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Failure of PKI in messaging 
Not really.  What's missing is, if you'll pardon the phrase, a central
point of failure.
If you can persuade everyone to use a single system, it's not hard to
make communication adequately secure.  Look at Hushmail; if you
believe that their internal processes are OK, you can set up an
account and communicate quite securely with other Hushmail users on
their web site, or for the more nerdy, you can use SSL IMAP and PGP to
communicate with their central site.  It's been limping along since
1999, I don't know anyone who uses it which says something about its
actual utility.
But that's not e-mail.  The great thing about Internet e-mail is that
vast numbers of different mail systems that do not know or trust each
other can communicate without prearrangement.  And of couse the awful
thing about Internet e-mail is the same thing.  It's hard to see any
successful e-mail system in the future, secure or otherwise, that
doesn't do that, since Internet mail killed all of the closed systems
that preceded it.

@_date: 2007-02-15 17:11:56
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Failure of PKI in messaging 
Then you just change the attack model.
There are a bunch of sites that do various things with your address
book ranging from the toxic Plaxo which slurps it up and sends spam to
everyone in it masquerading as an address change message from you to
more reasonable ones like LinkedIn which offers controlled messaging
to friends of friends.
Since typing in address book info by hand is hard, a lot of them sync
with your existing Outlook addressbook via a plugin, and some of them
also offer to sync with your Yahoo or or Gmail or Hotmail address
book.  What a bad idea -- those are single signon systems. If you've
ever bought anything at one of their hosted stores or use one of their
premium services, it's the same credential that lets people charge
stuff to your credit card.
It gets even messier.  Look at a configurable aggregator page like the
very spiffy Netvibes.  It has modules to check mail at AOL, MSN,
Yahoo, Gmail, and your POP provider, all conveniently remembering your
login info.  As far as I know Netvibes is reliable and competent, but
they have an extension API that lets anyone write extension modules
and offer them to Netvibes users.
I realize that readers of this list will use separate accounts for
financial info and free webmail, but the other 99.9% of people in
the world will be delighted that they only have one password to
write on a post-it rather than six.
It should be obvious why overloading phish protection onto this is an
equally bad idea -- it drops the security of the phish protection to
the security of the sleaziest aggregator module or address book site
that someone might use, and puts valuable financial and antiphish info
in the same security bucket as the three most recent subject lines
from your web mail.  Thanks, but no thanks.

@_date: 2007-02-16 01:31:18
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Failure of PKI in messaging 
Oh, not at all. I guess I wasn't clear.  To the extent that people use
a single system it can be secure, but that doesn't scale.  I have a
rule of thumb that any walled garden big enough to be interesting is
probably also big enough that bad guys have snuck in.

@_date: 2007-02-16 03:12:11
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Failure of PKI in messaging 
It doesn't do anything about the obvious attack path of phishing
credentials from the users to stick bogus trusted entries into their
accounts.  My examples showed all sorts of benign looking situations
in which users provide their credentials to parties of unknown
identity or reliability.

@_date: 2007-07-03 17:53:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: remote-attestation is not required (Re: The bank fraud blame game) 
In view of the number of people who look at an email message, click on
an attached ZIP file, rekey a file password in the message, and then
run the program in the file, thereby manually installing a virus, it's
way too dangerous to let users install any code at all on a security
PS: Yes, they really do.  I didn't believe it either.

@_date: 2007-07-04 18:25:25
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: remote-attestation is not required (Re: The bank fraud blame game) 
If only.  If you can e-mail me a cool widget with directions I can
follow to install it, a virus can e-mail a million people a copy of
itself with installation instructions, too.  Passworded zip viruses
require considerable effort to install.  I was amazed how many people
do it.
Experience says that enough people will follow the instructions, no
matter how many dire warnings you give them, that anything that's user
programmable isn't a security device.

@_date: 2007-05-20 18:34:53
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: 0wned .gov machines (was Re: Russian cyberwar against Estonia?) 
Well, here's an anecdote: at last year's CEAS conference, Rob Thomas
of Team Cymru gave the keynote on the underground economy, with a most
horrifying set of both live demos and selected snapshots of the online
bazaars where online warez are traded, everything from zombie farms to
spamware to stolen credit cards.  One of the more amusing was a guy
who offered a zombie in some part of the government that you'd hope
would be moderately secure, NASA or someplace like that, at a higher
than normal price.  The immediate response was ridicule, bots on
government nets are a dime a dozen, and aren't worth any more than any
other bot.

@_date: 2007-05-22 20:41:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: 307 digit number factored 
When I pay $14.95 for a certificate, with the investigation of my bona
fides limited to clicking through a link in an e-mail, and answering
the phone*, entering a short code, and responding to a request to
state your name**, it sure seems to me like I'm buying a certificate.
The only reason I do it is that for that price it's cheaper than
explaining to people why the threat that web certs defend against is
DKIM does that, you can get the MX and verification key for a domain.
But I wouldn't say that was a security improvement except insofar as
it makes the process easy enough that people are more likely to use it
than they are the more cumbersome systems like S/MIME.
* - any old phone, I've had them call random VoIP numbers in other
continents that I was experimenting with
** - so of course I say "your name".

@_date: 2007-11-01 17:49:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Hushmail in U.S. v. Tyler Stumbo 
Hushmail is actually kind of a scam.  In its normal configuration,
it's in effect just webmail with an HTTPS connection and a long
password.  It will generate and verify PGP signatures and encryption
for mail it sends and receives, but they generate and maintain their
users' PGP keys.
There's a Java applet that's supposed to do end to end encryption, but
since it's with the same key that Hushmail knows, what's the point?

@_date: 2007-11-01 22:57:51
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Hushmail in U.S. v. Tyler Stumbo 
Have you looked at Hushmail lately?  Before I sent that note, I signed
up for an account and sent myself a few messages to be sure I
understood what happens.  They really did generate a PGP key for me
when I signed up.  At least I think they did, the Java thingie that
was supposed to let me download a copy of the key didn't work, but the
mail arrived with a reasonable looking PGP signature.  It also let me
upload my public key for my regular address so Hushmail users can send
me PGP mail.
If you want Web mail that does PGP inbound and outbound, they do a
perfectly fine job, but I suspect that interception in transit isn't
the threat that most users are worried about.
As far as explaining what they do, here's a typical piece of blurbage
snipped from Hushmail's web site.
  By contrast, Hushmail keeps your online communications private and
  secure. Not even a Hushmail employee with access to our servers can
  read your encrypted email, since each message is uniquely encoded
  before it leaves your computer.
In fact they sent and received my mail through an https web site so
although it is encoded in transit (https from me to them, PHP from
them to the other end), it's in the clear at their end.
That may well be true, but that's not what I got when I signed up last
night.  Take a look, sign up for one of their free accounts, and see
if you agree with my description of what it does.

@_date: 2007-11-02 18:51:53
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Hushmail in U.S. v. Tyler Stumbo 
Right.  I haven't used the end to end Java stuff, but I believe that
it works.  Unfortunately, when you go to sign up, what you get by
default is a version that is little more than plain old web mail, and
their signup process does not say "if you use the web mail we can read
all your mail and will provide it in plain text if suboenaed."
That's what I take issue with, promoting web mail as though it were
secure end to end PGP.

@_date: 2007-09-13 13:45:42
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: flavors of reptile lubricant, was Another Snake Oil Candidate 
I always understood snake oil crypto to refer to products that were of
no value to anyone, e.g., products that claim to have secret
unbreakable encryption, million bit keys, or "one time pads" produced
by PRNGs.
What we have here is something else, a product that is reasonable for
one kind of threat, physically losing it, oversold for a threat where
it's not, end to end security.
Seems to me that we need a different term for this category.  Of
course, given the nature of marketing departments, it may well
apply to all crypto products.

@_date: 2008-08-10 17:55:15
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: security questions 
That works great so long as the personal data is accurate.
Banks these days are supposed to verify your identity when you open an
account.  Online banks pull your credit report anyway, so they make up
some verification questions from historical info in the report.  I'm
regularly asked which of four street addresses I've lived at.
Unfortunately, in my case the correct answer is invariably "none of
them".  I'm part owner of a relative's house in New Jersey, and the
credit bureaus all are sure that since my name is on the deed, that
must be where I live.  So that's the address that shows up.  Adding to
the excitement, they often ask what city, to which the answer would
still be none of them even if I lived in that house.  It's in
Lawrenceville, but I guess it gets mail delivered from the Trenton
P.O. so the allegedly correct answer is Trenton.
It's not too hard for me to figure these out, but given the amount of
plain wrong info in credit reports, this approach must lead to some
pretty frustrating failures.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  ex-Mayor
"More Wiener schnitzel, please", said Tom, revealingly.

@_date: 2008-08-26 17:32:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: road toll transponder hacked 
The 407 toll road in Toronto uses entirely automated toll collection.
They offer transponders (which, annoyingly, are the same system as
NY's EZ-Pass but don't interoperate) for commuters and trucks, but for
casual use by cars, it reads your plates and sends you a bill.
I can report from experience that when I use it with my NY plates, I
always get a bill a month or so later.

@_date: 2008-08-28 04:52:03
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: road toll transponder hacked 
That's not unknown.  On the Niagara Falls toll bridges, they have an
ETC system where you buy your transponder for cash at a toll booth and
refill it with cash.  I suppose they could take your picture and link
it to your license plate, but they can do that if you throw quarters
into the bin, too.

@_date: 2008-02-04 02:51:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Fixing SSL (was Re: Dutch Transport Card Broken) 
If I show up at a store and pay cash for something every week, they
can still do traffic analysis on me ("oh him, he's a regular
customer") unless I go out of my way to obscure my routine like asking
other people to buy stuff for me.
It's not clear to me what the object of this argument is.  Yes, the
harder you work, the more difficult you can make it for other people
to tie your transactions to you.  This shouldn't be news to anyone.

@_date: 2008-02-15 21:15:34
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: House o' Shame: Amtrak 
Having dealt at length with people from BFI/Epsilon, I can confirm that
many of them are not the sharpest needles in the etui.
This problem is well known in the ESP (bulk mail for hire) industry,
and the better ones know how to deal with it.  If you are on Orbitz'
mailing list, for example, the mail comes from orbitz at my.orbitz.com,
and the links in the mail all go to   Do
a few DNS lookups and you'll find NS records from Orbitz that delegate
my.orbitz.com to Responsys, their ESP.  This is a straightforward and
effective way to manage the namespace for outsourced mail, and my
biggest question is why so many ESPs don't do it yet.

@_date: 2008-01-23 04:36:20
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: patent of the day 
In article <87zluxfccw.fsf at snark.cb.piermont.com> you write:
Gee, the inventor is Simson Garfinkel, who's written a bunch of books
including Database Nation, published in 2000 by O'Reilly, about all
the way the public and private actors are spying on us.
I wonder whether this was research to see how hard it was to
get the PTO to grant an absurd patent.

@_date: 2008-07-09 15:59:40
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Kaminsky finds DNS exploit 
Quite right.  Paul Vixie mentioned it in 1995, Dan Bernstein started
distributing versions of dnscache with randomized port and sequence
numbers in 2001.
I suppose 13 years is kind of a long time, but better late than never.
It would be modestly interesting to learn what is different now that
motivated him to get people to fix it.

@_date: 2008-07-14 14:22:30
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Kaminsky finds DNS exploit 
Why wouldn't switching to TCP lookups solve the problem?  It's
arguably more traffic than DNSSEC, but it has the large practical
advantage that they actually work with deployed servers today.

@_date: 2008-06-04 23:21:08
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: the joy of "enhanced" certs 
Oh, you've heard of them, just not under that name.  It's GoDaddy.
The green bar certs cost $500 for one year, $800 for two years, which
make them way more expensive than the $25 normal ones, but still
impressively cheap considering the claims made for them.
Now, now, their verification process apparently involves checking that
the name of the organization you provide exists in the relevant
business registry, so when you're picking a fake name, be sure to do a
few wildcard lookups at the NYS DOS web site first.  They say their
process is so stringent it can take as long as FOUR HOURS to issue
your cert.  Wow!
You know, when I got my first ordinary SSL cert, it cost about $200
and I had to mail all sorts of paper documentation to Thawte in North
Carolina.  Does anyone know when issuers stopped bothering to verify

@_date: 2008-03-15 21:57:26
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: delegating SSL certificates 
Assuming your sites all use subdomains of your company domain,
a wildcard cert for *.whatever might do the trick.  It's relatively
expensive, but you can use the same cert in all your servers.
They do exist, Comodo has sold certs signed that way, but I wouldn't
recommend it since the depth of chaining the browsers recognize varies
considerably.  My copy of Firefox doesn't accept many of Microsoft's
certs because the chaining is too deep.
Another possibility is just to pay to have your certs signed by one of
the public signers.  At the current going rate of $15, you can get a
lot of signatures for the cost of doing anything else.

@_date: 2008-03-16 15:50:33
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: delegating SSL certificates 
Presumably the value they add is that they keep browsers from popping
up scary warning messages.  There are all sorts of reasonable
arguments to be made that the browsers are doing the wrong thing (and
the way that Microsoft prevents you from ever deleting any of their
preinstalled CA certs is among the wrongest.)
Nonetheless, unless we can persuade all the users in question to
adjust their browsers, which is always a losing battle, it's easier
just to pay the $15 protection money and get a CA signature.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  ex-Mayor
"More Wiener schnitzel, please", said Tom, revealingly.

@_date: 2008-03-17 18:49:45
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: delegating SSL certificates 
Good point -- other mail programs such as Thunderbird also pop up
the scary warnings.  I've paid the $15 protection money for the certs
on my mail servers.

@_date: 2008-11-03 13:32:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Bitcoin P2P e-cash paper 
But they don't.  Bad guys routinely control zombie farms of 100,000
machines or more.  People I know who run a blacklist of spam sending
zombies tell me they often see a million new zombies a day.
This is the same reason that hashcash can't work on today's Internet

@_date: 2009-08-13 21:50:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Kahn's "Seizing the Enigma" back in print -- with a catch 
We cheapskates can also find lots of used copies of the old edition
for $2.  I wonder how different it is.

@_date: 2009-08-14 21:40:00
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Seizing the Enigma 
Speaking of seizing an Enigma, here's a picture of a handy one rotor
version I got at Bletchley Park.  The rotor flips over so there's two
possible rotors and the determined cryptographer can use multiple
rotors by making several passes manually over the data.
You can order your own here:

@_date: 2009-02-01 20:23:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: UCE - a simpler approach using just digital signing? 
I don't understand what problem this is intended to solve.  Bad guys
can look up PGP keys just like good guys, so all this would accomplish
would be to fill your inbox with signed spam.
Perhaps it would be useful to make a section of the ASRG wiki in which
we describe the difference between the spam problem and the other
problems that people confuse with the spam problem, such as the
introduction problem and (more familiar to cryptographers) the
authentication problem, the interception problem, the non-repudiation
problem, and doubtless others that I can't think of just now.

@_date: 2009-02-24 23:41:57
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Security through kittens, was Solving password problems 
This scheme is quite popular with banks.  I have at least three
accounts where I enter my user name in one screen, then on a second
password entry screen it shows me a picture chosen when I set up the
account along with a caption I wrote.  They have a large library of
pictures of cute animals, household appliances, and so forth.
Clever though this scheme is, man-in-the middle attacks make it no
better than a plain SSL login screen.  Since the bad guy knows what
site you're trying to reach, he can use your usercode to fetch the
shared secret from the real site and present it to you on his fake
site.  It's true, the fake site won't have the same URL as the real
site, but if the security of this scheme still depends on people
scrutinizing the browser's address bar to be sure they're visiting the
site they think they are, how is this any better than an ordinary
kitten-free SSL login screen?
Another bank sent me a dongle that generates a timestamped six-digit
number that I use as part of the login.  Even with the dongle, MITM
attacks are still effective.  The bad guy can only steal one session
rather than a user's permanent credentials, but that's still plenty
to, e.g., wire money out of the country.
The only thing I've been able to come up with that seems even somewhat
secure is a USB dongle that plugs into your computer and can set up an
end-to-end encrypted channel with the bank, and that has a screen big
enough that once you've set up your transaction in your browser, the
bank then sends a description to the dongle to display on its screen,
and YES and NO buttons on the dongle itself.
Unless the screen and the buttons are physically part of the dongle,
you're still subject to MITM attacks.  But a dongle with a screen big
enough for my 87 year old father to read, and buttons big enough for
him to push reliably would be unlikely to fit on his keychain.  It's a
very hard problem.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  ex-Mayor
"More Wiener schnitzel, please", said Tom, revealingly.

@_date: 2009-02-25 14:53:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Security through kittens, was Solving password problems 
You're right, but it's not obvious to me how a site can tell an evil
MITM proxy from a benign shared web cache.  The sequence of page
accesses would be pretty similar. I suppose that you could hope that
legitimate HTTPS requests would come direct from the client machine,
so requests for multiple users on the same IP would be suspicious, but
on networks like AOL's, I wouldn't count on it working that way.

@_date: 2009-01-26 20:08:32
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Proof of Work -> atmospheric carbon 
If only.  People have been saying for at least a decade that all we
have to do to solve the spam problem is to charge a small fee for
every message sent.  Unfortunately, there's a variety of reasons
that's never going to work.  One of the larger reasons is that despite
a lot of smart people working on micropayments, we have nothing
approaching a system that will work for billions of tranactions per
day, where 90% of the purported payments are bogus, along with the
lack of any interface to the real world financial system that would
scale and withstand the predictable attacks.
My white paper could use a little updating, but the basic conclusions
remain sound:

@_date: 2009-01-28 14:54:24
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: What EV certs are good for 
Hardly matters.  HSBC has vast numbers of web servers all over the world,
some with EV certs, some without.
For example, their US customer site for deposit customers at
 doesn't, but their site for credit cards at
 does, although it's kind of hard to
tell because they tend to put you on a non-https page until you log

@_date: 2009-01-28 21:19:04
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Proof of Work -> atmospheric carbon 
Indeed.  And don't forget that through the magic of botnets, the bad
guys have vastly more compute power available than the good guys.
You know those crackpot ideas that keep showing up in snake oil crypto?
Well, e-postage is snake oil antispam.

@_date: 2009-01-29 20:55:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Proof of Work -> atmospheric carbon 
It's close enough to completely true.  Stealing postage via bots is
only one of multiple fatal problems.
I wrote this white paper in 2004; some of the details could stand a
little update but the conclusions are as clear as ever:

@_date: 2009-01-30 23:03:26
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Proof of Work -> atmospheric carbon 
I bumped into Cynthia Dwork, who originallyinvented PoW, at a CEAS
meeting a couple of years ago, and she said she doesn't think it
works, either.

@_date: 2009-01-30 23:16:36
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: UCE - a simpler approach using just digital signing? 
Hi.  One of the hats I wear is the chair of the Anti-Spam Research
Group of the Internet Research Task Force, which is down the virtual
hall from the IETF.
You know how you all feel when someone shows up with his super duper
new unbreakable crypto scheme?  Well, that's kind of how I feel here.
Dealing with spam is surprisingly subtle, a lot of smart people have
been thinking about it for a long time, and most new ideas turn out
to be old ideas with well known flaws or limitations.
It's not a bad idea.  Its best known implementation was done in 1996
by Robert Hall of AT&T Labs who called it Zoemail.  You can learn all
about it in US Patent 5,930,479.
This is the wrong place to go into detail about its limitations,
although it should be self-evident that if it were effective, sometime
in the past 13 years we'd have started using it.
You're all welcome in the ASRG, which has a wiki at
 with pointers to the mailing list and other
resources.  One of our slow moving projects is a taxonomy of anti-spam
techniques, both ones that work and ones that don't work.  If you'd
like to contribute, drop me a note and I'll give you a password so you
can edit it.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Information Superhighwayman wanna-be,  ex-Mayor
"More Wiener schnitzel, please", said Tom, revealingly.

@_date: 2009-01-31 19:55:50
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: UCE - a simpler approach using just digital signing? 
I do that too -- I bet half the people on this list do, and there's
lots of free and commercial services like Yahoo and Spamex who will
let you do it.  But it's not much of a solution to spam because it
requires significant manual work to maintain the addresses, and only
deals with places where you individually give them the address to send
mail to.
This has the same fundamental problem as Zoemail and any other white
list system.  It's really easy to implement a white list.  Unless your
name is Paypal, the amount of mail forging your address is vanishingly
small, and the utterly insecure From: line address works just fine for
practical purposes.  I use that to manage my 12 year old daughter's
But whitelists replace the spam problem with the equally intractable
introduction problem, deciding whether to accept the first message
from someone you don't know.  People have been thinking about that for
a long time (indeed, for millenia in contexts other than e-mail) and
the snarky comments I made yesterday about wonderful anti-spam ideas
apply here, too.
The ASRG is still eager to hear from people who want to do just about
anything related to spam other than hash over known-ineffective old
ideas. See

@_date: 2009-05-01 09:54:54
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: CSPRNG algorithms 
Chapter 3 of Knuth's TAOCP is all about pseudo-random number
generators, starting with a fine example of the wrong way to do it.
My copy is several thousand miles away but my recollection is that his
main advice was to stick to linear congruential PRNGs, perhaps with a
buffered postpass to scramble up the order or the results.
It's certainly a good place to start.
[Moderator's note: none of the generators in TAOCP are cryptographically
strong. They are fine for Monte Carlo simulations and such. --Perry]

@_date: 2009-11-08 07:07:44
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Crypto dongles to secure online transactions 
At a meeting a few weeks ago I was talking to a guy from BITS, the
e-commerce part of the Financial Services Roundtable, about the way
that malware infected PCs break all banks' fancy multi-password logins
since no matter how complex the login process, a botted PC can wait
until you login, then send fake transactions during your legitimate
session.  This is apparently a big problem in Europe.
I told him about an approach to use a security dongle that puts the
display and confirmation outside the range of the malware, and
although I thought it was fairly obvious, he'd apparently never heard
it before.  When I said I'd been thinking about it for a while, he
asked if I could write it up so we could discuss it further.
So before I send it off, if people have a moment could you look at it
and tell me if I'm missing something egregiously obvious?  Tnx.
I've made it an entry in my blog at
 Ignore the 2008 date, a temporary fake to keep it from showing up on
the home page and RSS feed.

@_date: 2009-11-17 01:35:12
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Crypto dongles to secure online transactions 
In this case, heck, no.  The whole point of this thing is that it is
NOT remotely programmable to keep malware out.
If you have a modest and well-defined spec, it is well within our
abilities to produce reliable code.  People write software for medical
devices and vehicle control which is not remotely updated, and both
our pacemakers and are cars are adequately reliable.  If you define
the spec carefully enough that you can expect to make a million
devices, the cost of even very expensive software is lost in the

@_date: 2009-11-18 01:40:28
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Crypto dongles to secure online transactions 
Agreed.  A display and signing engine would be quite adequate.
If you really need the ability to do that, I'd think it would be
better to make an expandable version into which you could plug each
bank's chip+pin cards, not try to invent a super-protocol for
downloading a bank's preferred keys.

@_date: 2009-11-21 21:56:11
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Crypto dongles to secure online transactions 
My concern with that would be that if everyone uses the the same
signature scheme and token, the security of the entire industry
becomes dependent on the least competent bank in the country not
leaking the verification secret.
For something like a chip+pin system it is my understanding that the
signature algorithm is in the chip and different chips can use
different secrets and different algorithms, so a breach at one bank
need not compromise all the others.

@_date: 2009-10-20 01:51:14
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Collection of code making and breaking machines 
Bletchley Park is always worth a visit, with or without a special
exhibit, as is the adjacent National Museum of Computing which houses
Colossus and a lot more interesting stuff.
An important difference between this museum and computer museums in
the US is that lots of the stuff works.  The rebuilt bombe actually
works.  The rebuilt Collussus actually works.  An impressive number of
the old computers in the NMC work, including a room of old personal
computers that are set up so you can use them.
Not at all coincidentally, Bletchley is an easy day trip from
Cambridge, Oxford, and London.  (That's why they put Bletchley Park at
Bletchley Park.)

@_date: 2010-08-13 16:39:14
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Has there been a change in US banking regulations recently? 
No, but we know that banks move in herds, and they mostly talk to each
other, not anyone with outside expertise.
More likely someone noticed that computers are a lot faster than they
were a decade ago, you can do all the crypto you want and your 8 core
3 GNz servers are still I/O bound, so the traditional folklore that
SSL is so slow you use it only where absolutely mandatory no longer
applies and you might as well use SSL on everything.  Then he went to
a meeting and told all his friends.
I've been noticing something similar at abuse.net, a service I run
where people can publish their domains' abuse contacts.  The folklore
in small credit unions is that you're supposed to hide your domain's
registration details using a proxy service, I think due to a
misreading of an old letter from the NCUA.  Earlier this year someone
at a meeting must have told them that it would be a good idea to
register with abuse.net, so I've been getting a stream of attempted
registrations from small credit unions with proxy registration, which
I reject.  About half of them get the hint, turn off the proxy, and
try again, the other half give up.

@_date: 2010-08-23 15:50:30
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Fw: [IP] Malware kills 154 
This was very poorly reported.  The malware was on a ground system that
wouldn't have provided realtime warnings of the configuration problem
that caused the plane to crash anyway.

@_date: 2010-07-31 17:17:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Five Theses on Security Protocols 
Nice theses.  I'm looking forward to the other 94.  The first one is a
nice summary of why DKIM might succeed in e-mail security where S/MIME
failed.  (Succeed as in, people actually use it.)
Geotrust, to pick the one I use, has a warranty of $10K on their cheap
certs and $150K on their green bar certs.  Scroll down to the bottom
of this page where it says Protection Plan:
It's not clear to me how much this is worth, since it seems to warrant
mostly that they won't screw up, e.g., leak your private key, and
they'll only pay to the party that bought the certificate, not third
parties that might have relied on it.

@_date: 2014-08-25 21:38:38
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] phishing, was Encryption opinion 
Web phishes rarely do MITM.  It's a site that looks like the real site
and tells you to log in.  Once you do, it says oops, you mistyped your
password and perhaps redirects you to the real site.  It's just
There is MITB malware that does interpose itself between the user and
the real bank, doing impressive things like OCR on images describing
the transaction which they then rewrite to show the transaction that
the user thinks he's approving.  But that's not phishing, it's
something else.
I suspect bank MITM phishes would work poorly these days since banks
generally track use cookies and IP addresses to notice when a user
isn't logging in from the normal place.  I was in the Bahamas for a
meeting a couple of weeks ago, and my bank was extremely sceptical
that it was me trying to check my balances.

@_date: 2014-08-26 04:48:04
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] phishing, was Encryption opinion 
No, the phish site does not communicate with the bank, it merely
impersonates the bank to steal your credentials.  The phish is not a
middle node.  I don't know how to say that any more clearly.
Once again, that's not what phishes do.

@_date: 2014-08-26 21:22:03
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] phishing, was Encryption opinion 
This might be a good time to consider the possibility that the online
crime economy is more complex than you imagine it to be.
My understanding of the term MITM is that it's a real time attack,
with the bad guy rewrites the traffic and simultaneously pretends to
the customer that he's the back, and pretends to the bank that he's
the customer.  While those attacks do exist, usually as MITB, the most
you can steal that way is what's currently in the victim's account,
which for individuals isn't usually very much.
Also, here in the US at least, the transactions you can do from
individuals' online banking via MITM can all be reversed.  In
particular, international wire transfers are rarely available, and
when they are, they require out of band authentication.  That's why
the MITB attacks you see are always on businesses that do have the
ability to send $50,000 or $100,000 international wire transfers.
There's lots of other bad stuff you can do with people's credentials,
particularly if you have a thorough phish that asks them to "verify"
the information used on a credit application.  The bad guy then
impersonates the victim to apply for a loan at another bank, and makes
off with the proceeds.  Nothing MITM about that.
A lot of phishing has nothing to do with money.  One of the more
popular kinds is phishing web mail account credentials which the bad
guys then sell to spammers, in vast quantities.
PS: This has precious little to do with crypto, other than perhaps
arguing about the merits of out of band authentication approaches:

@_date: 2014-08-26 21:28:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] toll bills, was Encryption opinion 
It's not geolocation, everyone is getting E-ZPass spam this month.  I
have an E-ZPass account, and can report that it looks nothing like the
real mail they send, which just tells you to look at their web site
for a statement or other message.  This is aimed at the same kinds of
suckers who fall for 419.
I also got an actual e-mail this month from an actual toll road
telling me about an actual charge due to actually driving on it.  It
was the 407 in Toronto, not E-ZPass, and I knew they'd be billing me
so I set up an account so they'd e-mail me instead of the default
paper bill, but still ...
PS: So is there any crypto on toll transponders, or could I
skim them from the side of the road and make clones?

@_date: 2014-08-30 23:18:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] STARTTLS for HTTP 
This doesn't strike me as a very compelling argument.
If people are using clients that don't do SNI, that's because they
haven't upgraded their browser software in a very long time.  Surely
it would be no harder to get them to upgrade to SNI browsers, which
are widely available and interoperate with widely available SNI
servers, than to STARTTLS for HTTP which isn't implemented anywhere.
How is this functionally different from turning off the warning about
self-signed certificates, other than perhaps some obscure address bar
differences between http and https that non-geeks won't understand?

@_date: 2014-09-01 02:01:29
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] STARTTLS for HTTP 
If we get to stick proxies in the middle, we could set up a proxy that
got an incoming http request and attempted to proxy it to an https
request and threw away any certificate warnings.  How would that be
functionally different?
Then twiddle the warnings so they just turn off the lock icon rather
than putting up a big scary page that 99% of users click through
I really don't understand what problem we're trying to solve here.

@_date: 2014-12-07 06:15:21
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] chip+pin, 
As I understand it, the fundamental design is pretty good, but the
implementation can leave a lot to be desired.  The problems are things
like legacy networks kludged together in a way that loses crypto material
on the way from the card terminal to the issuing bank.
The US chip+signature is not as good as chip+pin since there's no to
validate the signature like it can validate the PIN, but c+s prevents
the mag stripe cloning attacks since the terminal doesn't read the mag
stripe.  This works with both the contact cards with visible chips and
the contactless cards that are currently more common in the US.

@_date: 2014-12-11 00:15:23
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] North Korea and Sony 
That hasn't been true for over a century.  Loans are at least as
likely to be backed by a company's cashflow, or IP assets.  (Would you
rather have a slice of Google's cashflow or Taylor Swift's song
catalong or Detroit's land?)
Nonetheless, you are quite right that the financial system is
interconnected in ways that are often not apparent until it becomes
apparent in very exciting ways.  It was a big surprise when people
realized how much of the world's complicated financial assets included
insurance from AIG, and how widespread the damage would be if AIG
There have been efforts to decouple, notably increasing the amount of
capital that banks have to hold, which increases how much damage they
can absorb before passing it along, but of course they've strenuously
resisted that, becuase higher risk means higher returns in the short run
which means higher management bonuses.

@_date: 2014-12-22 14:50:07
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Certificates and PKI 
We're stuck with them anyway.  (For the typical click-a-link that CAs
use, registrars and registries are already in the path.)
While I agree that the diligence of some registrars leaves a lot to be
desired, at least this approach has one less point of failure than the
current one.

@_date: 2014-12-23 23:24:35
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Certificates and PKI 
That's an entirely reasonable concern, since registrars take down
something like 10,000 domains a day, and the US government regularly
takes over domains that they believe are being used for criminal
activity.  (See  for an example.)
On the other hand, since anyone who reads the mail at the WHOIS
contacts for a domain can get a DV certficate anyway, it's not obvious
that this observation makes things any worse than they really are.
The basic problem, which I expect everyone here understands, is that
it is expensive to verify that a name belongs to a person or other
meatspace entity, and nobody wants to pay what it actually costs.
When I got my first SSL cert 20 years ago, it cost over $100 and I had
extensive negotiations with Thawte's rep until I faxed her enough
stuff to persuade her that abuse.net was what I said it was.  Now you
can get the same cert for about $5 and a clickthrough, and within
rounding error, nobody cares.

@_date: 2014-12-24 06:32:08
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] GHCQ Penetration of Belgacom 
To pile on a little, on every reasonably modern* architecture I know,
0.0 == 0, both semantically and the bit representation.
On the other hand, floating point numbers are an approximation to
reals, and due to accumulated quantization and rounding errors, a
calculation for which the real result would be zero will often produce
something else in floating point.  It's been about 40 years since I've
had a numerical analysis course, but I recall that a lot of it was
about estimating error bounds so I could decide how different from
zero an answer could be and still be close enough to be semantic zero
for the problem under discussion.
It seems to me there are a lot of places in crypto that have similar
issues, the code we have is only an approximation to the Platonic
ideal, e.g., a Platonic CA would reliably check that alleged identity
exactly equals the real identity, but actual CAs tell us that alleged
identity equals real identity +/- 0.0004715 and we don't have a
very good understanding of how to deal with that.
* - no older than the PDP-6 or IBM S/360, which were designed 50 years ago

@_date: 2014-12-29 19:15:52
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Certificates and PKI 
Actually they aren't, except in a few obscure cases where the client
shouldn't have been sending mail, with or without TLS, in the first
place.  The EFF, as too often happens, leapt to unwarranted
paranoid conclusions about an ambiguous report.
See the endless discussion of this topic if you want to know what's
actually going on.

@_date: 2014-02-16 19:53:07
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Transactions, was BitCoin bug reported 
Sheesh.  Here in the quaint United States, people still write a lot of
paper checks (that's check with a "k".)  Back in my youth, the actual
paper checks were routinely returned with my statements, but these
days if you're lucky you'll get images of the checks on the statement,
or sometimes just the check numbers.  The recipient can deposit the physical check at his bank, or he can
make an image of the check using a device attached to a point of sale
terminal, a scanner provided by the recipient's bank, or even by taking
a picture of both sides with a mobile phone app.  In some cases where
the check is processed by someone that still handles paper checks, the
image is turned back into a substitute check, a piece of paper with a
printout of the images and the marginal legend SUBSTITUTE CHECK.  Then
the substitute is itself imaged and a picture of it shows up on my
Despite all that, all of those are the same check and the same
transaction, even though the form of the transaction varies all over
the place.  If I were to deposit a check in one account by taking a
picture, and then physically deposit the check in another account, I
am quite confident that at least one of those would bounce.  (I
haven't tried it.)
If a bitcoin app doesn't recognize that two forms of the same
transaction are in fact the same transaction, that's just a bug,
not a philosophical event.

@_date: 2014-07-17 20:02:56
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
I realize that's the theory, but in reality, there is a mining pool
that could easily grow to be more than half of all the miners, at
which point it could start ignoring blocks from outside the pool,
which would be to the benefit of people inside the pool.  So long as
the cost of joining the pool remained small, e.g., if you join you
still get 98% of the coins you mine, this looks to me like it would be
a stable situation, no matter how much outsiders complained about how
awful it was.
There also remain long term questions about the technical viability of
Bitcoin, most notably whether people will still find it interesting
after the transaction cost rises.  (If a transaction costs a dollar,
there's a lot of other options with much less price volatility.)
To me Bitcoin is very interesting as an experiment.  It shows that
within certain parameters, the distributed proof of work model is
viable.  I doubt that anyone anticipated the grotesque amount of
computing resources that people would throw at it, or that there would
be mining pools.
The model is likely useful for applications like distributed notary,
particularly if there are several mutually suspicious groups
participating which makes it less likely that any one of them could
take over.
It's also impressive to see the number of economically ignorant
enthusiasts who imagine there is something innovative or disruptive
about a commodity bubble, which is what Bitcoin is.

@_date: 2014-07-20 16:12:05
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
This is wandering away from crypto, so this will be my last round.
That's not surprising.  Bitcoin is a speculative asset, and at this
point the Bitcoin fans have a shared interest in keeping its price up.
The story that nobody's in charge is one of the things that makes
people want to buy it, so, well, sure.  In the admittedly unlikely
event that there are enough contracts or debts denominated in Bitcoin
that there were significant non-speculative demand, things could
change.  Also, were such a thing in the works, I wouldn't count on the
people involved publicly broadcasting their intentions on Twitter.
This is what's technically known as "marketing BS".  Dell accepts
dollars.  They have a deal with Coinbase in which Coinbase takes the
risk of raising dollars by selling Bitcoins in return for a commission
hidden in the bitcoin price.  This is pretty much the same as saying
that Dell takes Hungarian forints because you can pay with a Hungarian
debit card, and Mastercard takes the risk of selling the forints.
Coinbase seems reasonably well capitalized for a small company, but if
there's another collapse in the Bitcoin market and they don't drop
their buy price fast enough, or unload their bitcoin inventory fast
enough, they could collapse like many of their predecessors and fail
to pay their dollar debts to, say, Dell.
Like I said, I think Bitcoin is an interesting proof of concept, and
the distributed notary idea seems likely to be useful for something,
but it's never going to replace real money.

@_date: 2014-06-04 15:09:15
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
It's certainly true that people don't understand crypto or Bitcoin
very well, but it's not just that.  Bitcoin differs from ordinary
online payments like credit card or Dwolla in a few significant ways.
1.  Bitcoin payments are irreversible.
2.  Bitcoin's value is unmanaged.
3.  Bitcoin payments are somewhat more anonymous.
4.  Bitcoin payments are, for now at least, very cheap.
Everyone agrees that  is an improvement, but for most people,  is
indifferent and  and  are actively worse.  It is not a bug that my
credit card transactions can under some circumstances be reversed, and
it is not a bug that central banks manage currency values to avoid
large fluctuations.  I expect individual readers of this list will disagree about those two
(we need a modified Godwin's law substituting "Zimbabwe" for
"Hitler"), but if you look at the way that ordinary people behave,
paying for a $2 coffee with plastic rather than cash, it's clear
what's important to them.
I expect the main practical effect of Bitcoin will be to put pressure
on conventional payment systems to improve their slow and inefficient
processes, and to reduce the often large margin between the cost of
the underlying service and what they charge the customers.  In the UK,
online payments clear in an hour or two, and never cost anything.  In
the US they take two or three days and often cost a dollar.  What do
they know that we don't?
PS: There's a separate issue of things like zero-knowledge proofs.
It's all very well that it's possible to create software that tells
two people they're near each other without leaking any info to anyone
else, but when you're running the PrivateNearMe app on your device,
unless you are a heavy duty nerd who can snoop on and interpret the
traffic to from the device, there's no way to tell whether it's
actually doing that, or the app's author is logging everything.

@_date: 2014-06-05 21:52:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] To what is Anderson referring here? 
The patent expired in 2012. Is it still interesting?

@_date: 2014-06-05 22:18:17
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
Executing reversions is easy -- you have some entity (the "bank") that
can publish undo entries into the block chain when it has reason to do
so.  The hard part is the non-crypto part of running the bank in a way
that is sufficiently trustworthy that people are willing to accept its
I believe that you feel that way, but it's quite clear that most
people don't, since approximately nobody pays for stuff from a wallet
full of cash.  (Do you?  If not, why not?)
Crypto nerds often have a tendency to conclude that the reason the
latest wonderful crypto-based scheme isn't successful is that people
are too stupid to appreciate it.  This is rarely a productive line of

@_date: 2014-06-06 23:15:18
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
We have no idea how much a payment would cost at the steady state.
Remember that bitcoin mining is at some level a zero-sum game, since
the algorithm adjusts the difficulty of the problem so that there's a
new block every ten minutes regardless of how many computrons people
throw at the problem.
At this point it is my impression that we're still in a bubble and
most mining pools are operating at a loss, but eventually the stupid
money will go chase something else.  It'll be worth turning on the
mining equipment if the expected value of the new coins plus the
mining fees exceeds the incremental cost of turning it on, which is
basically the power.  The hardware that already exists doesn't have to
be paid for, it's a sunk cost, and I assume you pay for hosting by the
month, regardless of whether the equipment is running.  So while it's
true that in the current environment, the buyer's fee would have to be
$50 to pay for its share of the cost of mining a block, it's not
unlikely that miners will get discouraged, the problem will get
easier, and the cost will go down.  Also, there are currently about 300 transactions/block or one every
two seconds.  There's room in a block for at least ten times that
many, so if the transaction rate goes up, the cost goes down.
Having said all that, I can see how the cost would get down to a
dollar, or a quarter, but not how it would get down to a fraction of a
cent unless the value of bitcoins totally collapses.  At a quarter,
it's competitive with Paypal and Dwolla.  Whoopee.

@_date: 2014-06-11 12:53:18
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin compute power (was Re: Aggregate 
It is my impression that mining has been unprofitable for at least a
year.  People keep doing it because they hope the coins they're
hoarding will increase in value enough to be retroactively profitable.

@_date: 2014-06-11 14:10:08
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin compute power (was Re: Aggregate 
In article <0D013E18-0C3F-4855-8672-57CE35B09520 at gmail.com> you write:
That's part of it, but there are cloud mining pools you can buy into,
and they seem to lose money for participants, at least according to
(anecdote coming) my nephew the bitcoin enthusiast who admits that
he's consistently lost money in them.
Butterfly and VMC say they're backordered for their high end machines,
so the supply of suckers hasn't dried up yet.

@_date: 2014-06-14 18:26:51
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ghash.io hits 50% of the Bitcoin compute power 
I'm running Bitcoin Core 0.9.1 on my laptop, which I spin up every
once in a while to update my copy of the blockchain.  I have no idea
what it would do if it started getting lots of messages saying whoa,
there was a fork 100,000 blocks ago and here's the new version of the

@_date: 2014-06-15 23:24:26
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ghash.io hits 50% of the Bitcoin compute power 
Well, OK, how about if it started hearing that there was a fork at 279,001?

@_date: 2014-06-21 16:25:09
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Code Spaces has been under DDOS attacks and... 
It is my impression that a lot of the people doing DDoS are quite
young and not particularly sophisticated.  They see their l33t fr1enz
making buckets of money, so they do it, too.

@_date: 2014-06-24 23:50:02
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
They're acting as a bank.  Doing an mPesa transfer is conceptually the
same as writing a check that directs your bank to pay money from your
account to someone else.  The only way to turn it into cash is to take
it to a branch of the bank.  They probably don't have the equivalent
of deposit insurance, but lots of banks don't, either.  (I realize
nobody uses checks in Australia any more, but substitute whatever you
use to tell your bank to pay bills.)
What we seem to be discovering here is that no matter what kind of
electronic currency you use, you have to trust someone.  The only
question is who it is, and what if any recourse you have if they are
crooked or incompetent.

@_date: 2014-06-25 19:10:14
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
If it takes your money and promises to give it back on demand, that's
pretty much the definition of a bank.  What they do with it is
irrelevant to whether it's a bank.  In the US, S&Ls and savings banks
were largely restricted to mortgages, but commercial banks did
commercial loans, and all of them bought government debt.  These days
the distinctions have been fuzzed away to our detriment, and there are
a lot of shadow banks such as money market mutual funds that act as
banks but outside the regulatory rules.  There is also a move to move
checking accounts into "narrow" banks with 100% reserves of cash and
government bonds, charging customers for the service, so you get what
you pay for and there's no danger of default.
Who can issue checks entirely depends on who is allowed to join the
clearinghouses that settle the checks.  Here in the US it's things
regulated as banks (banks, S&Ls, credit unions) and some others like
American Express (which is not a bank in the US) for travelers checks
and the post office for money orders.  There are multiple
clearinghouses, some operated by the Fed and some private.  I don't
know what the rules for joining are.  Note that physical checks are no
longer settled in the US, just check images.
To bring this back to crypto, none of this applies to Bitcoin or its
clones because they make no promise that you can get your money back.
All you can do is (probably) sell them on to someone else.  I have
likened them to pet rocks without the rocks.  Since there are no
rocks, you have to trust someone to hold your virtual rocks or at
least document where they are.

@_date: 2014-05-21 20:47:25
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How secure are hashed passwords? 
I see in the press that eBay had a large security breach, in which the
bad guys stole a lot of personal information such as physical address
and birth date, and the encrypted passwords.  So eBay wants everyone
to change their passwords.  Huh?
Assuming a reasonably competent implementation of password hashing
(which I realize is a leap of faith here), with a strong hash and a
large enough salt to make rainbow tables impractical, how much can the
bad guys recover from the hashes?

@_date: 2014-11-15 04:21:07
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ISPs caught in STARTTLS downgrade attacks 
You might want to take a look at this newfangled gmail thing.
They have a nice IMAP server if you don't like their web MUA.

@_date: 2014-11-17 22:32:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
Given that the STARTTLS rollback only affected people with
miscconfigured mail clients, yes.

@_date: 2014-11-18 15:24:53
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
Am I really the only person here who is interested in what actually
happened, as opposed to what hypothetically might happen on some
non-existent network at some time in the unknown future?
These were mobile networks with consumer users, not backbones with
fixed MTAs.  The ony mail software you find on mobile consumer
networks is MUAs, which are doing submission, not SMTP.  These days,
any MUA that is submitting over port 25 rather than 465 or 587 is
misconfigured.  I don't know about your mobile device, but on my
Android devices, if it's configuted to do STARTTLS on whatever port
and that fails, the device complains since that would force it to send
passwords in the clear.
What they did was clumsy, but it has a perfectly reasonable motivation

@_date: 2014-11-19 00:50:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] STARTTLS, 
Hmmn.  Apparently the answer is "yes".
A few seconds of googlage finds this article, which after you skip
over the breathless bits, tells us that this was port 25 on Cricket
Wireless, a prepaid mobile subsidiary of AT&T, i.e., a consumer
network without static IP addresses or mail servers.
Blocking port 25 on consumer networks to prevent outgoing spam, with
real mail submitted on port 587 with authentication, has been an ISP
best practice for over a decade.  Here, for example, is a
recommendation on the topic that MAAWG published in 2005:
Some large networks, notably Comcast, experimented with rate limiting
or filtering post 25 back in the early 2000s, on the assumption that
there would be fewer support calls than they'd get with outright
blocks.  That turned out to be wrong; when they turned on blocking
they got a spike of calls for a few days while people got their mail
programs reconfigured, then the calls and the spam complaints
disappeared.  The question here is how a part of AT&T a decade later
didn't get the memo.
PS: Some years ago I was talking to someone who worked at the EFF who
proudly told me that she had no spam filters at all, and manually
deleted 3000 spams a day from her inbox. which her management
apparently considered to be productive work.  Doesn't seem like their
understanding of spam problems has changed much.

@_date: 2014-11-19 04:54:17
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] SUBMIT is not SMTP, 
In article <20141119005359.GA27477 at mail2.oyvay.nu> you write:
It uses SUBMIT, which is similar but not identical to SMTP.  See RFC
6409 which updates RFC 4409, published in 2006.  That was eight years
ago, and it's a little dismaying to find people that far out of date
pontificating about how mail works.
MUAs have had port 587 support since about 2006.  If you're running an
MUA that hasn't been updated in eight years, you're probably also
running Windows XP so we're doing the world a favor by forcing you to
upgrade.  Also keep in mind that the networks in question are mobile
carriers, where "legacy" phones able to run an MUA are unlikely to be
more than two or three years old and all can handle SUBMIT correctly.
Ahem.  Port 25 is SMTP, which bots use to send spam directly to
victims on recipient MTAs.  Port 587 is SUBMIT, which MUAs use to send
mail (which might be spam) to their own provider's MTA, which then
takes responsibility and deals with it.
In practice, the vast majority of MUAs are correctly configured to use
port 587, and nearly all of the port 25 traffic from consumer networks
is bot spam.  That's why the best practice is to block it outright,
not try to filter it.  As I mentioned in a recent message, that's been
well known for a decade.

@_date: 2014-11-19 16:30:28
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] STARTTLS, 
Good question.  Other parts of AT&T certainly understand this issue;
some AT&T people helped write that MAAWG memo I pointed to.

@_date: 2014-11-20 03:10:26
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] SUBMIT is not SMTP, 
I get plenty of spam using TLS.  I don't think it's from super
sophisticated bots, more likely from compromised web servers running
Postfix or other normal mail software.

@_date: 2014-11-20 18:03:34
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet  Confidentiality 
Not a bad idea.  The widely used (in Europe at least) Sympa list
manager has built in S/MIME support.  It picks up your S/MIME cert
when you subscribe, incoming mail is encrypted to the list server's
cert, is decrypted and re-encrypted to all of the subscribers' certs.
I don't know anyone who uses this feature but it's been in Sympa for
years and appears to work.  I also don't know what they do about CAs.
Dunno anyone who does this with PGP.  With PGP, is it possible to
encrypt a message for multiple recipients or do you have to do each
copy separately?

@_date: 2014-11-21 15:31:00
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] encrypted list mail, was FW: IAB Statement 
As I said, Sympa already does all that for S/MIME, no software
development needed (unless, I suppose, you want to try SMIMEA.)  I was
wrong about the outbound; it encrypts each recipient's mail
But I agree that endymail is a better place for this experiment.

@_date: 2014-11-22 15:17:07
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] encrypted list mail, 
This sounds exactly like what Sympa does with S/MIME.  What am I missing here?

@_date: 2014-10-10 15:44:50
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Sonic.net implements DNSSEC, 
Nerds playing junior lawyer rarely turn out well, but what the heck.
A) Like all Internet providers, they have a service agreement for their
users, and you waived your remedies against them by being a customer:
B) This is clearly a screwup on Sonic's part, not malicious.  It's
very hard to persuade a court that a mistake was so egregious that
it's tantamount to malice.
For the specific example of the CFAA, that outlaws unauthorized access
to computers.  Sonic is obviously authorized to access their own
equipmment.  Sending you data you don't like is not access.

@_date: 2014-10-29 14:45:24
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] EMV as a fraud enabler 
Assuming you mean crypto signatures and not ink signatures, right.  In
this case it was just bizarre, since the network was approving chip
transactions for an issuer that wasn't yet certifed to issue chip
A long-standing problem with chip cards is that the banks don't use
the data they have to validate transactions.  If they actually use the
data, and track the sequence numbers, they're pretty secure.  But
through a combination of laziness and the duct-tape-and-baling-wire
architecture of banking networks, they don't.  When I was attending
the weekly security seminars at Cambridge a few years ago, this was a
frequent topic of discussions, ever more ways that banks got chip+pin

@_date: 2014-09-04 19:18:50
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What is the difference between a code and a 
In article <5407D980.1010707 at zen.co.uk> you write:
Of course there's no definitive answer.
My approximate understanding is that ciphers deal with chunks of data
of a mechanically determined size, such as one or two characters, or
32 bits.  Codes deal with semantically sized chunks of data, typically
words in a natural language.
There has always been a lot of overlap.  The famous Zimmerman
Telegram, for example used a code that represented German words as
numbers, but they had to encipher ARIZONA as letter pairs because it
wasn't in the code book.  (Oddly, TEXAS was.)

@_date: 2014-09-09 03:45:17
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] phishing, was Encryption opinion 
This battle was lost long, long ago.  ISPs routinely intercept
NXDOMAIN DNS results and replace them with A records pointing to a web
server with "helpful" paid ads.  On mobile networks, it's very common
to force web traffic through caches, and to re-encode images to
smaller versions appropriate for the tiny screens.
It's also fairly common to intercept port 25 traffic and force it
through outbound spam filters.  This last bit is about abuse
management, not revenue enhancement.
There's a couple of companies with names I forget (no doubt they want
me to) who produce specialist equipment to do DPI and replace packets
like this.
Most of the web nonsense can be prevented with https, at least if you
have an honest browser that doesn't interpret https as "tell the cache
at the ISP to fetch the https version".

@_date: 2014-09-09 17:49:03
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] phishing, was Encryption opinion 
There's a good reason and a bad reason.
The bad reason is that it violates the holy end-to-end principle, of
which the less said the better.
The good reason is that not all DNS lookups are for web pages.  Pick a
service like mail, SIP, or XMPP, and add a user who mistypes an
address, or a server whose name changed.  Normally NXDOMAIN will tell
the user that something's wrong, but now she gets an A record and
tries to connect to the ISP's helpful box.  If she's lucky she'll get
a different error message, if she's less lucky things will fail
silently, or the server will steal her traffic.  For double extra fun, try running something like a private XMPP server
which checks incoming addresses against DNSBLs to avoid hostile bots,
a common thing to do.  DNSBLs return NXDOMAIN to mean not listed,
which are helpfully corrected to an A record.  Oops.
If you want to do URL correction, the reasonable place to do it is in
the browser where at least you know you're looking for a web page.

@_date: 2014-09-09 18:08:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] List of Proven Secure Ciphers / Hashes 
Perhaps people expect that if P=NP, there will be a constructive proof
of a polynomial algorithm for an NP complete problem.
If it's a more abstract proof that such an algorithm must exist,
without telling us what it is, I agree that the practical effect will
be nil.

@_date: 2014-09-10 14:57:28
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] phishing, was Encryption opinion 
Really?  I don't get a lot of non-spam mail from people with whom I've
never corresponded, but the trickle I get is often of high value, from
"are you the John Levine I knew in college?" to "are you available for
this highly lucrative contract?"
One of the reason that SMTP mail wiped out all of its competitors is
that it allows unintroduced mail.  It doesn't have to be extremely
easy, but it does have to be possible.

@_date: 2014-09-11 01:14:26
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] email from strangers --> 
That's attention bonds, aka Vanquish.  See US Patent 6,697,462.
Also see my rant at  which explains
why epostage will never work.  I wrote it ten years ago but nothing of
importance has changed.

@_date: 2014-09-17 20:35:33
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Email encryption for the wider 
Right, and you still have all the problems of key management, with a
new one that you have to change your e-mail address if you lose the
DANE (or an upcoming minor extension thereof) allows you to store the
public key for an e-mail address in the DNS.  That seems to me to have
somewhat more tractable key management issues, since a single key is
not eternally tied to an e-mail address.

@_date: 2014-09-18 08:23:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Email encryption for the wider public 
People are human, and screw up from time to time.  Your scheme would
work OK if people were perfect, but they're not.  A scheme with no
provision for account recovery or addresses people can remember is
unlikely to be usable outside the tiny niches where people already use
S/MIME or PGP.
The DANE S/MIME approach is pretty simple (after you wave your hands
and assume that system managers will implement DNSSEC anyway.)  The
key for each address is stored in a SMIMEA record in the DNS, so if you
want the signing or verification key for an address, you just do a DNS
lookup.  You can revoke a key by removing it from the DNS, or roll
your keys by adding a record for the new key and later removing the
record for the old key.  The guts are S/MIME minus the PKI, which
works pretty well now.
See draft-ietf-dane-smime for the details.

@_date: 2014-09-21 14:43:59
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Email encryption for the wider 
This sounds just like S/MIME, with the minor exception that S/MIME
puts the key in the MIME body.  Once I send you a S/MIME signed
message your MUA can put my key in your address book, and you can send
me encrypted mail.  This has worked in MUAs since forever.
Right.  S/MIME's solution was to require keys to be signed by a well
known CA, but we know how well that works in practice.
PS: Addresses that include keying info have patent issues.  See Zoemail.

@_date: 2015-12-01 15:08:25
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Large companies sued for using Elliptic Curve 
In article <20151201070719.10e0cafa at jabberwock.cb.piermont.com> you write:
The patent in question is 6,202,150.  Here's the first claim:
1. A method and apparatus for generating public keys and a proof that
 the keys were generated by a specific algorithm comprising the steps of:
 the user's system generating a random string of bits based on system
 parameters;
 the user running a key generation algorithm to get a secret key and
 public key using the random string and public parameters;
 the user constructing a proof being a string of bits whose public
 availability does not compromise the secret key and wherein said
 constructing of said proof requires access to said secret key, but at
 the same time said proof provides confidence to at least one of a
 plurality of other entities that said public key was generated
 properly by the specified algorithm, and wherein said confidence is
 gained without having access to any portion of said secret key.
Perhaps I'm dim, but isn't that just a description of certificate
signing?  It couldn't possibly have been novel in 1997 when this
patent was filed.
That suggests this is the usual shakedown in which the patent owner knows
it's invalid, but is willing to settle for less than it would cost to
invalidate it.

@_date: 2015-12-14 01:47:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's PGP key. 
Nobody knows.  The largest cash out of bitcoins I know of (ignoring
the early 10,000 btc pizza) is the 44,000 the US government
confiscated from Silk Road and then auctioned.  This is two orders of
magnitude more.
I think the security concerns are overblown, but the market for bitcoins
has always been thin.  Perhaps if the Winklevoss ETF or something like
it gets going there will be some liquidity but it's hard to see how
anyone could unload a million btc without cratering the market.
It's sort of like you were cleaning out your grandmother's barn and
found 100 large Jasper Johns paintings in pristine condition.  People
have paid $80 million for one of his paintings, but that's largely
because there aren't very many of them.  This would increase the total
by 50%.  What would they be worth?  Who knows, but it's a lot less
than $80M each.

@_date: 2015-12-17 16:42:12
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's PGP key. 
The defacto standard way to store your bitcoins does seem to be on a
Windows XT machine running IE6, but it's not exactly hard to have
offline wallets, with the keys printed on pieces of paper you can put
in safe deposit boxes or give to trusted friends, perhaps after
dividing each key into several parts stored in separate places.  On
the assumption that Satoshi is not a complete idiot, he's likely
thought of these and other ways to make it hard to steal his bitcoins.
But really, this is just silly speculation.  If I were an evil
kidnapper, trying to steal large numbers of hard to fence bitcoins
(the wallet IDs would likely soon become public, just from noting big
transactions out of old wallets) would be pretty low on my list of

@_date: 2015-12-17 22:01:44
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What should I put in notifications to NSA? 
These are laws, not software.  Encryption technology is something that
a non-insane person would use to encrypt stuff.  Openssl is encryption
technology, rsync is not.
Judges are notably impatient with people playing hyper-literal word
games, so I would advise not going there.

@_date: 2015-12-19 05:31:04
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] =?utf-8?q?Satoshi=27s_PGP_key=2E?= 
If the wallet's stored in software on the computer, sure.  It's happened:
Surely our moderator erred in forwarding this highly secret message to the hundreds
of people on this list.

@_date: 2015-12-21 02:26:25
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Questions about crypto that lay people want to 
Uh, what? Symantec says their warranty will pay up to $1.75M, although when one looks at the fine print, the breaches they cover seem pretty
The usual approach in bank spoofing is to use a different domain that
sort of looks like the target. It's hard to see how anyone could blame
that on the bank's own CA.  I presume banks have general insurance
against fraud losses but I don't know the details or how willing
insurers are to cover these particular losses.
Somewhat surprisingly, companies are gettting better at preventing
malware attacks, I think through combinations of using a dedicated
computer for bank transactions and two-factor dongles into which you
put some part of the recipient's account number to generate a
validation code.  We can consider this a minor crypto success.
The attack du jour is spear phishing a company's CFO or accounting
clerk to send fake mail appearing to be from the boss telling them to
wire money to the crook's account.  Since the transaction is entered
and validated correctly, banks are generally off the hook, although
well run banks will notice atypical transactions and try to warn the

@_date: 2015-12-21 16:22:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Questions about crypto that lay people want 
Far be it from me to disagree with my old friend Arnold, but,
As others have noted, they're fundamentally different problems.  In
banking (online or off) the bank knows every detail of the
transaction.  In voting, they need to reliably record your ballot, but
in a way that doesn't tie a ballot's contents to a person, which turns
out to be amazingly hard if you're not dropping paper ballots into a
locked box.
For voting, another reason for doing it in person by yourself is to
make it harder for anyone else to coerce your vote.  We realize that
in places like Oregon that do vote by mail, they either don't
understand or don't care about this threat.
I would have said never until I sent my daughter off to college with a
debit card on a shared bank account.  The bank statement is a stream
of tiny transactions, many for less than $2 for cups of coffee at the
school's cafe.  The only place she pays cash is her laundry, paid for
from a roll of quarters she keeps in her apartment, and only because
this building has older machines than the last one where the machines
took her debit card, too.

@_date: 2015-12-22 17:43:18
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Questions about crypto that lay people want to 
American diplomats used codes in the 1700s, and Americans had some
success breaking British codes:
The State Dept used the "Monroe Code" from 1803.  Secretary of State
Seward sent an encrypted telegram to France in 1866, using it, which
was a fiasco since every digit was charged as a word and it was
fantastically expensive.

@_date: 2015-12-26 00:30:52
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Questions about crypto that lay people want to 
Right, that limits liability to actual damages, which is not the same
thing as no liability.  A part of the agreement you left out refers to
their "protection plan", which pays up to $1.5M in case of some admittedly
unlikely breaches on Symantec's part.
I'm intrigued.  What are these alternate models that Microsoft and
Google would implement if they weren't under the thumb of the industry
giants in the CAB forum?
The security model is that the clerk looks at her fripping mail, knows
that the real boss doesn't send mail from boss43542 at yahoo.com, and
calls the boss on the phone to verify odd requests.  Too many medium
and small businesses are run by people who imagine that this could
never happen to them and think that they're too busy and important to
use security protocols, even simple ones like code words that they're
supposed to put in any message authorizing a payment.  You could put
all the S/MIME keys you want into the MUAs and it wouldn't make any

@_date: 2015-12-28 17:22:14
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] China doesn't pass law requiring tech firms to 
The WSJ says that the law was changed slightly before passage:
 The final version of the law requires telecom operators and Internet
 companies to help authorities with decryption of data and other
 counterterrorism efforts. Unlike the draft version, however, it leaves
 out some controversial language requiring tech companies to store
 their data locally and provide their encryption systems for review to
 be able to operate in China. ...
 "Telecommunications and Internet service providers should provide
 technical interfaces and technical support and assistance in terms of
 decryption and other techniques to the public and national security
 agencies in the lawful conduct of terrorism prevention and
 investigation," says a final version of the law, published by the
 official Xinhua News Agency.
Nobody seems to know exactly what that means.  Maybe it means back
doors, maybe it just means do what you can do.

@_date: 2015-02-06 15:59:51
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
At least until he steps off the curb and is hit by a bus.  No matter
how great a programmer he is, he's still only one guy.  We certainly
don't want our crypto software written by hordes of junior
programmers, but I'd be a lot more comfortable if there were two or
three people who were familiar with the code and could intelligently
review each other's work.  That costs a lot more than $100K/yr, not
impossibly more, but at least three times more.
Heartbleed is a good example of the problem -- someone looked at the
code when it went into openssl, but even though it's open source,
there is a serious shortage of eyes of people who understand the code
well enough to catch bugs on the way in.

@_date: 2015-02-19 21:31:45
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Passwords: Perfect, except for being Flawed 
It varies a lot.  They let me choose the password from which they want
the three letters, but they would much rather I provide a PIN generated
by the security doozit they sent me.
(The Canadian one is at the lower left.)  They've pretty clearly
decided that passwords are inadequate for any but the smallest

@_date: 2015-02-23 21:00:43
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Compromised SIMs, was Lenovo 
Well, yeah, but what else are you going to do?
The phone is a generic computer, the SIM has the shared secret that
allows the phone to identify the customer to the phone company and set
up a secure channel to the phone switch.  The point of a SIM is that
it is easy to distribute and use to bootstrap the channel between the
phone and the switch.  You can buy SIM packages from vending machines
in the arrival hall at many airports and have your phone set up with a
local number before you get on the train into town.
The other approach, still used by some CDMA carriers in North America,
is to use the phone's IMEI (serial number) as the key and provide it
and the account info to the phone company out of band, typically via a
web site or maybe in person at a phone store.  That has its own whole
set of issues.
Thought experiment:
ICANN and Verisign store the root zone signing keys in a physical HSM.
Imagine that the factory where they make the HSMs was subject to the
same attack as the one on the SIM factory.  How confident would you be
in DNSSEC?
Extra credit: do you believe that such an attack has happened?  Why or
why not?

@_date: 2015-07-27 20:07:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: Why Nasdaq Is Betting On Bitcoins Blockchain 
The technology seems straightforward enough.  I'm more interested in
how a small scale system like this one plans to keep one mining pool
from getting >50% of the miners, and how they plan to undo mistakes.

@_date: 2015-06-02 20:00:33
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] open questions in secure protocol design? 
You are mistaken.  At least through Windows 8, you can accept or
reject any download offered through Windows Update and you don't
need any authentication beyond the key used when you originally
installed Windows.
I hear that the low priced versions of Windows 10 may be different and
install updates without asking.  That would indeed be a problem.

@_date: 2015-06-17 18:09:28
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anyone know of crypto hooks in webmail systems? 
No, the answer seems to be if you want IMAP you know where to find it.
All of the major webmail providers offer IMAP.  Most of them even work.
All the encrypted webmail know of is in javascript with all of its
issues.  I don't see any reason you couldn't do a PPAPI plugin if
you could get the webmail websites to agree on a media type that
would launch the plugin.

@_date: 2015-03-13 20:16:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IBM looking at adopting bitcoin technology for 
Actually, it's more like a mutant ETF.
ETFs hold a pool of assets, which can be anything from the S&P 500 to
gold bars to (if the Winklevoss twins get their application approved)
bitcoins.  Shares of the pool trade like any other stock.  To ensure
that the price of the ETF stays close to the underlying asset, the ETF
contracts with what usually have the pretentious name Authorized
Participants, large investors who can swap a large block of ETF shares
for a basket of the underlying assets or vice versa to arbitrage any
price differences.
I don't think that any normal investors or businesses would be
interested in a dollar denominated blockchain unless they were
confident they could turn their blockchain entries into real dollars
in a real bank, with the level of confidence that they have in the
financial intermediaries they use now.  So you'd need entities in
there who waer sufficiently credible and had a way to turn dollars
into new blocks, and to turn the blocks back into dollars.  That means
large banks, perhaps the central bank.
By the time you do that, they might as well also do what Phill's
notaries do, and it's starting to look a lot like an ordinary digital
currency where the transactions are handled by the issuing bank.  So
other than the sprinkling of bitcoin pixie dust for the easily
distracted, it's hard to see how this would be a good idea, other than
as an excuse for lowering the fees on electronic money transfers.

@_date: 2015-03-14 17:00:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IBM looking at adopting bitcoin technology for 
Every modern currency of any importance is issued by a single bank.
Euros come from the ECB, dollars come from the Fed, pounds come from
the Bank of England, and so forth.  There's no question who runs which
ledger.  They certainly have policy differences, but that's not a
trust issue except perhaps for Russia who nobody trusts these days.
Also, the Federal Reserve Bank of NY has a vault which currently
contains 6700 tons of gold that belongs to governments and
international organizations around the world.  It was originally there
for safekeeping, but now it's more so that if country or organization
A wants to pay B in gold (it still happens now and then), they just
tell the Fed who moves the bars from A's cage to B's.  This is not
the behavior of entities that don't trust each other.
PS: Also consider the blockchain attacks we all know about that would
require an implausibly large effort.  Then consider the resources that
a large nation state might apply to the problem.

@_date: 2015-03-16 02:24:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fun and games with international transaction 
This is getting a long way from crypto but I hope our list owner will
permit one last discursion.
Government debt is different from personal or corporate debt for
several fundamental reasons.  Nation states are immortal and can levy
taxes, so government debt is really a claim on future tax revenue.
Other than the rare situation where the government is so bad at
collecting taxes that it can't collect enough to service its debt (a
problem that Greece may or may not have), it can pay its debts.
Another fundamental difference is that government debt certainly in
large countries, is mostly held by its own residents.  Even though
China and Japan each have over $1 trillion of US debt, still something
like 90% of US government debt is held domestically.  This means that
for the most part, we owe the debt to ourselves.  I have a chunk of it
in my retirement account, for example.  So the debt is really an issue
of redistribution, not of affordability.  The administration of US government debt is quite efficient, with
vanishingly small trade commissions on reasonably large amounts and
zero commission if you use Treasury Direct to buy directly, so I don't
see where something like bitcoin would make a difference.
Bitcoin transactions are currently quite cheap, which now helps to
push down costs in other payment systems, particularly ones like
credit card clearing that aren't very competitive.  But there's no
reason to expect bitcoin to stay cheap forever -- as the mining reward
drops, the transaction fees are going to have to increase.  If the
miners are combined into a handful of small pools, there's no reason
they'd compete on price any harder than Visa, Master Card, and Amex

@_date: 2015-03-21 21:14:41
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IBM looking at adopting bitcoin technology for 
In article <0F84F471-A996-41ED-AF73-30C53B6583AD at me.com> you write:
Yes.  Great story, other than the minor detail that it is mostly
false.  Here's a story from Der Speigel, an actual news magazine, that
is a lot more credible than the nonsense you find on gold bug blogs. Also see this story in which German gold bug Peter Boehringer has an
impressive array of conspiracy theories about missing German gold,
except that it's all there.

@_date: 2015-03-25 23:07:54
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to crypto secure speed limit signs 
Assuming the people managing the signs weren't completely dim (which I
realize we can't take for granted), they would presumably program in
the relevant speed along with the GPS coordinates when they install
the sign.
Of course, they could get it wrong which would lead to much jolly

@_date: 2015-05-02 15:20:12
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Trust in digital certificate ecosystem eroding" 
Has there ever been an instance where punting a security decision to
the user improved the situation?  Not that I can think of.
In this example, it isn't even Verisign saying that Verisign says that
it's Wells Fargo.  It's now Symantec using Verisign's name under
licsnse saying that it's Wells Fargo.  Chanelling one's grandmother,
what should she do now?

@_date: 2015-05-03 15:45:46
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Trust in digital certificate ecosystem eroding" 
All the studies I've seen say that no amount of training will make
users take security warnings seriously.  Partly it's the number of
false alarms, partly it's a not totally irrational tradeoff between
the risk of what might happen and the desire to get their work done.
If this stuff is going to work at all, it has to work automatically.

@_date: 2015-05-05 14:03:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Trust in digital certificate ecosystem eroding" 
If I were running an investment bank or other enterprise where
individual employees handled large amounts of the company's money, I
would think it would be an extremely serious security proglem if
employees could send and receive communications with outsiders that
the auditors couldn't read.  Insert appropriate security homily here.

@_date: 2015-05-12 15:54:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is there a good algorithm providing 
It would be quite a feat to figure out which Wikipedia page someone
was reading just from the page length, compressed or otherwise.
There's over 4,800,000 articles each of which can be rendered in many
different ways (talk, history, diffs, etc.), they change all the time,
and the size of a page depends on whether you're logged in and
probably on other stuff.  For example, I just retrieved a Wikipedia
page on a topic related to a river in the United States.  The
uncompressed length of the page was 47,068 bytes.  Free beer to the
first person who figures out what page it was.
HTTPS everywhere should be effective against casual snooping, e.g.,
watch all the web traffic through a proxy and look for naughty words.
It's certainly not a magic bullet against a determined opponent who's
looking at a specific target.

@_date: 2015-05-13 22:56:06
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Any S/MIME or PGP for normal people 
An acquainance of mine would like to set up some sort of message
signing within a small business to make it easier for the staff to
recognize real mail among each other.  I told him I'm not aware of any
non-toy installations that aren't either in the government or a giant
business that can mandate specific S/MIME software and configure it to
use their favorite CA, or else a bunch of crypto nerds.
Before I tell him to give up and use DKIM and DMARC, is there anything
I can point him at that grandma could use?

@_date: 2015-05-14 12:21:55
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Any S/MIME or PGP for normal people 
In article  you write:
How does that help key management?

@_date: 2015-05-15 01:57:16
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Any S/MIME or PGP for normal people 
In article  you write:
Hmmn.  I have GPG and Thunderbird installed on my Mac, so I downloaded
and installed Enigmail, it found my key from GPG, tried to send a
signed letter to one of my other addresses, and it said "Key not found
or invalid" and helpfully suggests that the (sub-)key might have
expired which it hasn't unless it's now 2024.
I guess I see.

@_date: 2015-05-16 17:00:27
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] NIST Workshop on Elliptic Curve 
In article  you write:
What?  Comodo certs cost $9/yr or $15/three years.  Startcom certs are free.  Even EV
certs are in the $99 range.
What?  Web servers and browsers have supported SNI for years.  If
you're worried about software so old that it doesn't, you're talking
about Windows XP and Safari 3.0.

@_date: 2015-05-17 00:18:00
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] NIST Workshop on Elliptic Curve 
Long before that the usual advice in the web world was to forget about
XP and IE 6.  The number of people using it was too small to be
worth worrying about, and if they're that out of date, they're
likely not users you care about.

@_date: 2015-05-17 18:36:32
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] NIST Workshop on Elliptic Curve 
Indeed.  I see those numbers in Wikipedia, but I'm not sure how
credible they are.  At meetings with people who run large e-commerce
web sites, it really doesn't seem like they care about XP users any
more.  I also note that most of the versions of Firefox and Chrome
that one can run on XP do support SNI, and I don't see any plausible
stats for the number of people who a) still run XP, b) use that
computer to visit web sites on the public Internet, c) use IE to do
so, and d) are not so worm-ridden that you don't want talk to them
Android is more of an issue but it seems like a self-limiting one.
do.  There are still 2.x phones, but given the usual upgrade cycle
they're likely to be retired a lot faster than old Windows boxes.
Also, Android has good IPv6 support and if you have IPv6, SNI
is irrelevant.

@_date: 2015-11-12 21:50:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin blocksize limit can be removed 
The bitcoin algorithm is designed to make blocks appear about every 10
minutes regardless of the overall mining effort.  That's been true
since Satoshi mined the first block and it surely does not come as a
surprise to anyone at this point.
I wouldn't disagree with the second sentence, other than to nitpick
that it's arguably no worse than the gold standard was, but if you
want a system where the amount of money created changes in response to
economic conditions, you need a real central bank that issues real
money, not bitcoins.

@_date: 2015-11-13 03:25:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin blocksize limit can be removed 
[ not much to do with crypto, but what the heck ]
Ahem, I didn't say it was the same as bitcoins, only that it was
arguably even worse than bitcoins.  Historically, someone would discover a new source of gold, e.g.
Spanish conquest of South America, the Klondike, the Witwatersrand, a
whole lot of new gold would come on the market, there's be a boom and
inflation, then the source would be worked out, there'd be panics and
deflation, repeat ad infinitum and throw in the Cross of Gold speech.
These days gold mines tend to be marginal, using techniques like
washing old ore dumps with toxic solvents to leach out the last bit of
metal so it depends on a combination of the price and how much
environmental damage they can get away with.
Except that, as you know, the bitcoin algorithm adjusts to compensate
for increases in hashing power.  What if it didn't?
For the first year or so the difficulty factor was 1.  By 2011 it had
climbed to a million, now it's about 60 billion.  Hash rates were
about 1 Gh/s in 2010, now they're about 500 million Gh/s.  So with
constant difficulty, if we were getting a block every 10 minutes in
2010, now we'd be getting roughly a block per microsecond.  Every
Bitcoin pitch I've ever seen has a slide or two on Zimbabwean
hyperinflation so the result would presumably be familiar, give or
take the detail that at that rate all possible bitcoins would have
been mined in the first half minute.  I suppose that given that there
is some real world cost to hash generation, if we imagined that the
limit to the number of bitcoins were removed, we might get some sort
of equilibrium with bitcoins worth 9 or 10 orders of magnitude less
than they are now.
I'm not sure what the overall point here is other than to note that
while one can have opinions about Keynsian economics, one can't
have opinions about arithmetic.

@_date: 2015-10-01 16:31:32
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Insecure Chip 'n' PIN starts tomorrow 
In article  you write:
I always write "not me" or "fluffy" on the digitizer pad.  A while ago
there was an amusing web site in which a guy wrote ever more egregious
non-signatures to try to get clerks' attention, with negligible success.
It's clear that the actual security model of chip+signature or for
that matter swipe+signature is rather unlike the nominal one, but as
far as I can tell other than the hidden cost of the banks or merchants
eating the fraud, it works to the benefit of card users.

@_date: 2015-10-01 21:08:03
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paper check security 
A lot of those inventions date from the era when printing presses were
large and heavy and only found in print shops.  The US is unusual in
that you can get your checks printed anywhere, rather than getting
them from your bank, which rules out most of the techniques unless
you're planning to licence check printers.
Back in 2004, the Check 21 act allowed banks to scan paper checks and
process the images, rather than returning the physical paper, known in
the biz as check truncation.  For recipient banks that couldn't handle
image files they printed them out in a form called a substitute check,
but I haven't seen one of those for years.  As you note, a lot of
checks are now truncated before they get to the bank, by phone apps,
bank websites (one of mine lets me upload scanned images), and point
of sale terminals which as often as not scan your check and the clerk
gives it back to you.
If the check's going to be scanned, most of the anti-forgery
techniques are pointless, since a scanner can't tell nice paper with a
hologram from something you just printed on your deskjet.
The real security in checks is that they can be repudiated, sort of
like credit card transactions.  If you see a bogus check on your
statement, you can challenge it, and there's a bunch of stuff in
the UCC about what happens then.
PS: In Canada you get your cheques from the bank and they have a small
hologram.  In the UK you get your cheques from the bank, but they have
no anti-forgery features I can see.  In France you get your cheques
from the bank, and they have seven digit cheque numbers which the bank
probably links with your account.  I've never used a cheque in France
because everyone who might take one prefers my credit or debit card.

@_date: 2015-10-02 00:52:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paper check security 
[ not very much about crypto ]
Sure, but a check you print on your inkjet is just as valid.  Since
everything is scanned optically, banks don't even care about magnetic
ink for the numbers at the bottom any more.
I agree.  So what?  If it's not important enough to you to see whether
crooks are writing bogus checks on your account, why is that anyone's
problem but yours?
All my banks have online access to statements updated daily.  That
should be straightforward to script.

@_date: 2015-10-02 03:47:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Insecure Chip 'n' PIN starts tomorrow 
Since nobody else seems to have sent it in, the paper you want is
"Chip and PIN is Broken" by Murdoch et al. at Cambridge.  They found a
bug in the protocol that lets a MITM device fake a PIN verified

@_date: 2015-10-02 04:16:25
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paper check security 
Re US check usage: American businesses still write over 10 billion
checks per year.  I encourage all my clients to pay me electronically,
but I still get more paper checks than ACH electronic payments.
Consumers vary a lot, older ones write lots of checks, younger ones do
everything with debit cards.
Depends what you mean by "old days".  Until the 1950s, checks were
processed and posted by hand, and accounts were filed alphabetically
by the account holder's name.  In 1950 the Bank of America hired SRI
to automate check processing, which SRI did brilliantly.  First they
invented account numbers, then they invented MICR coding to print the
numbers on checks, and a magnetic reader for them, and then they built
a prototpe machine to read and sort them.  Word got around, banks all
over the country were desperate for them, General Electric got the
contract and built a somewhat improved version with transistors and
core memory rather than tubes and drums.  The commercial version
called ERMA shipped in 1959 and was a huge success.  The GE ERMA team
included the pre-AI Joe Weizenbaum.
Personalized checks were not common, so for the most part, the only
way to tell who wrote a pre-ERMA check was to look at the signature.
My parents had an account at a small bank owned by my mother's uncle
and well into the 1960s the only concession he made to modernity was
to print the bank's routing number on the checks so other banks would
clear them.
Appparently check fraud increased a lot in the 1960s, which would make
sense since that's when banks first could clear checks without anyone
actually looking at them.

@_date: 2015-10-28 04:13:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RIP Tommy Flowers 
The tape was just the input message and was used as a clock.  I think
the program was wired in the valves.
Zuse's weren't electronic, Atanasoff's was a lot smaller and much
less programmable, but there's certainly been a lot of opinions
about which was how close to a real computer, for various definitions
of computer.

@_date: 2015-10-01 00:33:43
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Insecure Chip 'n' PIN starts tomorrow 
The security issues with chip+signature are different from chip+pin
but not necessarily worse.  With chip+pin, if the bank asserts that
someone entered your PIN, you lose.  Ross Anderson has been dealing
with this issue in the UK for many years, finding that there are a
variety of ways that the bank's system treats a transaction as PIN
validated while actually it's not.
With chip+signature, you say that's not my signature, and now it's up
to to the merchant and the bank to produce a signature that looks like
yours.  I realize that the number of merchants who check the signature
these days is approximately zero, but that's not my problem.

@_date: 2016-04-06 14:10:18
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Secure universal message 
That was and is probably the most important reason why e-mail has
thrived for decades despite all of the spam and malware and other
crud.  You can use e-mail for first contact, and you can send e-mail
to anyone.  Back in the day when we were grad students there were
umpteen walled garden mail systems like MCI Mail and AOL.  Then they
all connected to Internet mail so users could send mail to the people
they wanted to reach, and then either died (MCI) or became just
another mail provider (AOL).
The idea of private per-correspondent addresses for message security
is very old.  See for example the Zoemail patent, US patent 5,930,479
which was filed in 1996 and issued in 1999.  It doesn't expire until
October, and has been asserted in at least one lawsuit (I was the
defandant's technical expert) so take a look.

@_date: 2016-04-07 18:46:33
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Secure universal message 
Yeah, that's how Zoemail worked.  Better not reimplenent it
until October.

@_date: 2016-04-11 18:11:23
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] More magical encryption thinking from James Comey 
In article  you write:
Comey is right (for once) about why slippery slopes aren't persuasive.
But crypto doesn't have a slippery slope, only a slippery cliff.  You
can't make secure crypto a little less secure, only a lot less secure.
The magical thinking is basically the assertion that there's a slope.

@_date: 2016-04-13 20:07:14
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Feds say they hired a hardware hacker to crack the 
The WaPo says:
The FBI cracked a San Bernardino terrorists phone with the help of
professional hackers who discovered and brought to the bureau at least
one previously unknown software flaw, according to people familiar
with the matter. ...
The new information was then used to create a piece of hardware that
helped the FBI to crack the iPhones four-digit personal
identification number without triggering a security feature that would
have erased all the data, the individuals said. ...
Even without a new flaw, that suggests something like the plan many
people suggested to make an image of the device's memory and restore it
after each group of PIN guesses.

@_date: 2016-04-14 00:14:45
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Feinstein-Burr crypto bill introduced 
It's still a jumbled mess, Ron Wyden says he'll filibuster it, and
nobody seems to think it's going anywhere.  The most interesting bit
is that it says that you only have to crack the crypto:
   if such data has been
19 made unintelligible by a feature, product, or service
20 owned, controlled, created, or provided, by the cov-
21 ered entity or by a third party on behalf of the cov-
22 ered entity. Dunno if this is deliberately aimed at Apple, but I'd read it to cover
any software distributed, i.e. "provided", through the app store.
(Before responding, remember that laws are not software, and judges
have no interest in tricky hyper-literal readings of laws.)
Current draft here:
Press release here:

@_date: 2016-04-16 18:30:47
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
Blackberry (formerly RIM) is headquartered in Ottawa.  It's a pretty
safe assumption that the RCMP had the key because RIM gave it to them.
If the key were stolen, and RIM knew about it, which they clearly did,
you'd expect them to do a key roll.
Also, Canada is not the US.  The Canadian Charter of Rights and
Freedoms promises the right to be secure against unreasonable search
and seizure, and has an exclusionary rule, but it's not absolute like
the US rule and courts use a balancing test to decide whether to admit
evidence.  The case law is thin, and it's not clear what a court would
do with messages decoded by the RCMP.  My unlawyerly guess is that
since RIM can decode the messages and responds to orders to produce
messages, the incremental harm to a defendant of having the RCMP do it
directly would be seen by a court as low if the cops could show that
they had some other basis for suspicion.  If it was from pure trolling
through private messages, that would be bad.

@_date: 2016-04-16 21:50:59
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RCMP Had BlackBerry's Global Decryption Key 
Unless RIM is unusually incompetent, a very long time.  Why would they
use the same key in both directions?  Why would the master decryption
key used at the server be on any of the handsets?

@_date: 2016-04-18 18:56:40
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to get certificates on email server? 
In article <20147814.1461001944352.JavaMail.wam at mswamui-valley.atl.sa.earthlink.net> you write:
$ openssl s_client -starttls smtp -connect hostname:port
That will do enough of an SMTP session to do the TLS handshake and
tell you about the certificates.  Then type quit to tell it you're
The usual problem is that they installed a newly signed certificate
and didn't install the CA's intermediate certificate that goes along
with it.

@_date: 2016-04-18 23:49:46
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Secure universal message 
Remember that the security in SWIFT is from the terminals to the
central switch, and nobody claims that was compromised.  Bangladesh
does SWIFT transfers all the time, and somehow (possibly an inside
job) hacked the terminal in Bangladesh so they could use it to send
bogus transactions.  There was also a fair amount of rather improbable
sounding social engineering -- the log terminal was broken which meant
nobody saw the messages about the transactions, and apparently nobody
found the broken terminal particularly surprising or troubling.
That's not really securely communicating with someone you've never had
contact with before.  There's a whole non-crypto issue of how you
recognize bogus transactions inserted into a stream of legit ones.

@_date: 2016-04-19 21:57:47
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Secure universal message 
In article  you write:
Typically because the crook has access to the same credentials that the
legitimate users do.
Because, in this case, there was malware at the endpoint, inside the
security perimiter.
The way this was caught, preventing about 90% of the attempted
transactions, was an ordinary non-crypto check when they misspelled
one of the recipients' names.

@_date: 2016-04-23 21:06:24
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] SIGSALY, was a little bit of history 
There's a lot of material about SIGSALY, which was an amazingly
advanced system, using vocoders, spread spectrum transmission, and one
time pads.
Here's the page at the NSA's online museum.  The Wikipedia article is pretty good, too.

@_date: 2016-04-26 14:46:41
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] WhatsApp: Why asymmetric key instead of 
What problem would that solve?  The asymmetric keys work fine.

@_date: 2016-04-27 21:19:42
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Darpa wants a secure messaging app based on 
How do you do expiring messages without a central server?  I'd think
that once the data is in a blockchain, you're not going to make it go
away without unrealistic assumptions about the endpoint devices.

@_date: 2016-08-06 15:08:24
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Generating random values in a particular range 
It's not quite that simple -- there's a hash step before deciding
whether to throw the value away.  But I agree that's stupendously
obvious for 2000.  The hard part with these really obvious patents is finding someone who
documented the technique before the priority date.  Since it's
obvious, why bother to write it up?

@_date: 2016-08-21 17:48:17
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Robust Linked Timestamps without Proof of Work. 
Indeed, although it you want to make irreversible payments now, you
can do that with envelopes full of cash.  Hardly anyone does, at least
for legal purchases, which suggests to me that there isn't much of a
market for irreversibility.

@_date: 2016-08-23 22:42:50
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Voynich Manuscript to be published 
In article  you write:
What a deal and you never know.  For those of us whose budgets don't
cover buying a replica, you can download a hi-res PDF from a link on the book's library catalog page:
Also, FYI, the picture in that article of the neo-gothic library is
misleading.  That's where the manuscript is for the moment, while
the rare book library is undergoing renovations.  When it reopens
next month it'll be moved back here to this much more appropriate
I've been there, that's really what it looks like.

@_date: 2016-08-24 02:22:52
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "NSA-linked Cisco exploit poses bigger threat 
Dan Bernstein wrote string libraries like that in the late 1990s that
he used in qmail and djbdns.  They're simple and straightforward and work very well.  They're easy
enough to use that the extensive patch libraries for qmail generally
use them too.
That's a major reason that even though those two packages have been
abandonware for over a decade, people still use them and they have
very few bugs.

@_date: 2016-08-26 16:50:30
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] programming languages and the people who (don't) 
Huh, programmers who are phenomenally overimpressed with themselves
and know no history.  I've certainly met a few.
C was designed in the 1970s.  Dennis Ritchie's PDP-11 compiler was two
phases and an optional peephole optimizer, each of which could run in
about 24K bytes of RAM. In that environment, the only other language to do system programming
was the machine's assembler, and C was a great improvement, since it
had structures to give names to data fields and enough of a type
structure to keep you from using a floating point value as an integer
or add two pointers together.
The reasons we're still using C are not limited to stupidity.  There
is a huge installed base, including all of the OS code in various
versions of Unix and Linux, and nothing else to date runs on as many
architectures and is as usable in spare environments like OS kernels
and embedded systems.
ObCrypto: very little of the crypto code I use has to run in the kinds
of environments where C's advantages are important, so it's a reasonable
question why application libraries like openssl are still in C.

@_date: 2016-08-26 20:46:08
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] programming languages and the people who (don't) 
Of course, but there are languages like Rust that purport to provide
code efficiency comparable to C's with better type safety, and can use
calling sequences compatible with C.
Now I'm wondering how much of the problem is library management and
build tools that make it too hard to combine code written in different
languages, or perhaps programmers who still find programming in
multiple languages too hard.

@_date: 2016-08-27 01:21:31
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Secure VNC implementation 
Depends what you mean by secure.  VNC is a pretty simple design that
sends a stream of keyboard and mouse events from the client to the
host, and a stream of frame buffer updates from the host to the
client.  It's described in RFC 6143.
It has no meaningful security built in, but it can run over anything
that looks like a virtual circuit.  People usually run it over ssh, so
whatever you think of ssh's security, that is VNC's security.

@_date: 2016-08-27 15:19:05
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Secure VNC implementation 
It's more common than you might think.  If your server provides any
sort of remote management that lets you see the console's probably VNC

@_date: 2016-08-27 15:37:31
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] tail recursion in C [was Re: "NSA-linked Cisco 
GCC and clang will often optimize tail calls into jumps, even fiddling
the stack frames if the two routines don't have the same argument
sizes.  (I just checked).
A lot of C programmers don't know that or don't trust their particular
compiler to do it, so they still code as though tail calls are
I have to say I don't see this as a big deal.  If your routines are so
small that the call/return overhead is a problem, most of them should
be inlined or macros anyway.  Of course, C compilers often optimize
calls by inlining them, too.  I wrote a little test program with two
mutually tail recursive calls and it compiled them into a loop.

@_date: 2016-12-07 14:12:04
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anyone else seeing an uptick in infected IoT 
It's the open sourced mirai botnet.  Here it is on github for your
The infected devices are visible from the public Internet through upnp
or the like, and the malware just scans and telnets into them using
default credentials that the user cannot change.  If it wants to tell
them to do something, it telnets into them again.
More here:

@_date: 2016-02-06 18:46:00
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Basic auth a bit too basic 
This problem, known in North America as a "roach motel" has been well
known as long as I've been messing with web sites.
It would be technically straightforward for browsers to have a logout
button that forgets the auth credentials for the current page, or to
invent an HTML meta tag that tells browsers to forget auth credentials
for the current page's domain (give or take the same cross-domain
issues with cookies.)  The fact that nobody's done either suggests
that it's not a big problem in practice.
Also note that you can log out reliably by exiting and restarting your
browser, which is a pain but not that big a pain.

@_date: 2016-02-11 19:12:24
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof that the NSA does not have a quantum 
Which is under 5% of the NSA's annual budget.  Also keep in mind that
bitcoins are extremely illiquid.  The largest bitcoin transaction I
can find where the buyer got something of identifiable value was a
$500K villa in Bali.  (The so-called $147M transaction doesn't count
since there's no evidence of goods or services on either side of it.)
Fencing a thousand villas seems pretty hard.
If I wanted to use my NSA connections or my quantum computer to enrich
myself, this doesn't strike me as a particularly good way to go.

@_date: 2016-02-14 17:12:12
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] XOR linked list & crypto 
In Article  You Write:
Knuth Described It, But It Was Well Known When He Did.  It Probably Dates
Sounds a lot like Pcbc.

@_date: 2016-02-21 21:20:00
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Yes, Apple is correct 
In article <965E58B9-DEDB-47C3-B45D-77B8C9F92636 at dukhovni.org> you write:
Why guess, when Apple has published a detailed description of it?
Every iphone has a unique UID burned into the hardware at the time the
phone was manufactured.  The UID is not visible to software, it can
only be used as an AES key.  See the document for more details.
So yes, it is possible to write software that will only run on a
particular phone, but of course once you've done that it's trivial to
modify the software to run on other phones, or any phone.

@_date: 2016-02-22 21:34:54
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] eliminating manufacturer's ability to backdoor 
It's a norm for regulated and licensed telecommunication providers,
which Apple is not.  But safe makers don't have to provide a master
key to the government, and neither should Apple.
I agree the argument would be a lot shorter if the true response is
"we can't do it."

@_date: 2016-02-26 17:35:13
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG v. Apple, 
This is what some might call an intriguing and innovative
interpretation of the 2nd amendment, and others might call hooey.
For the first two centuries of the American republic, the 2nd
amendment was considered to empower each state to have a citizen army
(the "well regulated militia") which was a big deal before the 1860s
in southern states for putting down slave rebellions.  Since the 1960s
a revisionist interpretation ignores the militia bit and claims it's a
personal right to own weapons, a theory recently endorsed by a narrow
majority of the US Supreme Court.
Throughout all of this, I have never heard of the 2nd amendment being
applied to anything other than guns and physical weapons like
switchblades, dirks, billy clubs and police batons.  It'd be fun to
argue a case that claimed software was a 2nd amendment weapon, but I
doubt it'd get very far.
The Apple brief mostly argues that the government's use of the All
Writs act, a relic from the era when the US government was
bootstrapping itself into existence, was improper since it requires
Apple to create something that doesn't currently exist purely for the
government, unlike normal writs that compel production or records or
in some phone company cases, to use equipment they already had.  They
also as an afterthought make a 1st amendment argument that the
software demanded would be compelled speech, which courts have
consistently disfavored.
The Apple brief is well written and you don't have to follow all the
footnotes to understand it.  Just read it.

@_date: 2016-02-27 03:13:54
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The FBI doesn't need Apple's help to unlock the phone 
In a recent posting to the Risks digest, Rebecca Mercuri is baffled
why the FBI is demanding Apple write unlock software when they can do
it themselves.  The Secure Enclave that makes a device so secure was
introduced on the A7 processor, but the iphone 5 series uses the older
A6 for which there are commercial data extraction services.  So they just keep cloning the phone and trying 10 PINs until it works.
This could take a while but as she notes, probably less time than it
will take to appeal their case up to the Supreme Court.

@_date: 2016-02-27 19:55:26
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG v. Apple, 
[[ probably not for publication ]]
In case you were wondering, this is complete nonsense, although a lot
of gun nuts, even ones who can spell cannon and Concord, believe it.
Sorry I got us off on this second amendment tangent.
For a fun read, see Carl Bogus' "Hidden History of the Second Amendment"

@_date: 2016-02-29 18:59:52
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 9999 keys for this one iPhone 
In article  you write:
The Secure Enclave was introduced on the A7 processor used in the
iPhone 6 series.  The San Bernadino phone is a 5C which uses the
older A6 processor.
In the older processors, it's all software.

@_date: 2016-01-08 16:31:56
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Plan to End the Crypto War 
I'd expect that, say, Apple would give a piece of the key to the
governments of each country where they sell iphones.  If they all
agree to read someone's messages, he must be really bad.

@_date: 2016-01-08 18:28:37
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Plan to End the Crypto War 
Ah, irony is wasted on the young.  I assumed that suggestion was self-evidently
Of course, and it adds new vulnerabilities in whatever process
combines the key pieces.

@_date: 2016-01-09 23:12:33
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Happy birthday, Donald Knuth! 
In article  you write:
He's still working on Volume 4, which has expanded so much that it'll
be volumes 4A through at least 4C, then Volume 5, then he says he'll
probably stop because the compiler stuff in volumes 6 and 7 are
adequately covered elsewhere and by then he'll be nearly 90.
You can't send him e-mail, but you can get the "fascicles" of working
copies of sections of the book.

@_date: 2016-01-12 16:51:47
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Skylake fails on Mersenne Prime 14942209 exponent 
In article  you write:
I wouldn't leap to conclusions.  More likely the BIOS update changes a
timer or voltage setting to prevent a race condition that's causing
the hang.  The last time I checked, field programmable microcode
memory was a lot more expensive than normal microcode ROM and it's a
stretch to believe that Intel secretly incuded some, just in case.

@_date: 2016-06-10 02:02:00
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Rumor has it that AES-256 is broken (again!) 
In article  you write:
The link in that article leads to what looks like a legit academic
conference in August:
The conference site doesn't have a list of papers, so we can assume
it's been submitted, but who knows if it's been accepted, or what.

@_date: 2016-06-13 20:08:55
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Tool for XOR encryption 
In article <58911afa745742648a5fdcea2cf56076 at usma1ex-dag1mb1.msg.corp.akamai.com> you write:
Xor-ing the data stream with a one time pad has been understood at least since the Vernam patent in 1917.
What new could there be to say about it?

@_date: 2016-06-18 21:15:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Digital currencies 
No.  (That was easy.)
Digital currencies solve some interesting problems, like a
decentralized ledger (which may or may not be cheap depending on how
you allocate the costs of mining or whatever replaces it) and
conditional transactions aka smart contracts.
Real currencies have other characteristics which have little or
nothing to do with technology.  Every successful modern currency has a
central bank that manages the money supply and interest rates.
Successful payment systems generally have a way to reverse fraudulent
transactions, which requires a human authority to decide what was
fraudulent and not just buyer's remorse.
We are much more likely to see hybrid systems.  See, for example, this
article about experiments by the Bank of Canada to use a blockchain
for C$ payments among large banks:

@_date: 2016-06-19 03:43:11
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Digital currencies 
I realize this is an article of faith in the Bitcoin community, and
I'm not likely to change anyone's mind, but it is historical nonsense.
Central banking dates from the 1690s when the Bank of England became
the Crown's bank, and was well enough understood by the 1870's that
Bagehot's "Lombard St" described it in a form that remains relevant
today.  The Federal Reserve, the U.S. central bank, was created in
1913 because the US with an unmanaged currency had endless panics and
depressions culminating with the Panic of 1907, and because nobody
outside the US was willing to write contracts in unstable dollars but
instead required managed pounds or francs, putting US merchants at a
None of this is controversial or obscure, and Lombard St is an easy
read, downloadable from Project Gutenberg.  The famous Cross of Gold
speech also leads to some interesting and relevant history.
Right.  Try doing e-commerce (the legal kind, not Silk Road) without
that ability.
As I noted, blockchains can solve all sorts of real transaction
management problems, and it's a shame they've been hijacked by people
who imagine that the gold standard was a good idea.
Absolutely.  We all have our varying tolerance for flakiness of
different kinds.
I've bought cups of coffee with bitcoins, and I'll be tapping my AmEx
card in the future.

@_date: 2016-06-22 03:31:01
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Digital currencies 
In the US, at least, there is a credit card processsing system, which
verifies transactions with a signature and takes a percentage (Visa,
M/C, Amex), and there is a debit card processing system which uses PINs
and has a small typically fixed fee (Maestro, Pulse, etc.)  It is
possible to run debit card transactions through the credit card
system, which banks of course prefer.  There have been lawsuits
between banks and merchants about this, with the merchants wanting to
run all the debit transactions through the cheaper PIN system.
This will come as a surprise to all of the kids who charge 79c sodas
on their credit cards.  You set a credit limit and clear the
transactions once a month or when the amount hits the credit limit.

@_date: 2016-03-01 15:33:41
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 9999 keys for this one iPhone 
Press reports say the San Bernardino phone is a 5c with an A6 processor,
no secure enclave.
The phone in the similar New York case that was decided yesterday
is a 5s with A7 and secure enclave running iOS 7.  It's on page 2
of the decision.

@_date: 2016-03-04 22:01:34
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] EFF amicus brief in support of Apple 
I read a comment (which of course I cannot find now) saying that it
was a bad idea for Apple to make 1st amendment arguments because its
other arguments were stronger.
But the other arguments all reduce to the same thing, that the FBI
can't use the All Writs Act because the Congress has never passed a
law that says they can do so.  The Congress could easily in this
political environment pass such a law, which voids that line of
defense.  If the court goes for the 1st amendment argument, that's the
end, no law can change it.
Having said all that, we crypto weenies still have a serious public
relations problem: way too many people don't understand or don't
believe the point that it's not realistic to create a limited back
door, and no amount of effort will change the mathematics.

@_date: 2016-03-04 22:40:25
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] EFF amicus brief in support of Apple 
In article  you write:
The argument in the EFF brief is much more subtle than "code is
speech".  You can read it here:

@_date: 2016-03-05 02:00:32
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] EFF amicus brief in support of Apple 
There's quite a lot in the EFF brief on that exact topic.
Rather than speculating, you can read it here:

@_date: 2016-03-06 14:17:51
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
In the recent New York decision, the judge cites a case in which the
FBI said they could unlock an iPhone 5 with iOS 8.1.2.  He then asked
them why they said they couldn't unlock one with iOS 7, their answer
was what you'd expect, and the judge found their assertions

@_date: 2016-03-14 20:56:15
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Wire.com: private communications, 
In article <20160314162329.78a00716 at jabberwock.cb.piermont.com> you write:
It's funded by Iconical, "a collective of designers, engineers and
entrepreneurs including Janus Friis" who co-founded Skype.  In this
article they're coy about revenue plans but it appears it'll be like
Skype's freemium model, lots of features for free, extra features for

@_date: 2016-03-23 22:34:27
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paris attackers used OTP's: One Time Phones 
I hope not.  Battered women's shelters use a lot of burner phones, too.

@_date: 2016-03-29 19:45:54
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG Moves to Vacate Apple Decrypt Order 
Could you point us to the place where Apple said the 5c could
withstand sophisticated technical attacks on the physical phone?
By that standard, pretty much every computer and smartphone ever
shipped is defective.

@_date: 2016-03-29 20:11:54
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] On the 'regulation proof' aspect of Bitcoin 
It's still nowhere near worth the effort because bitcoin remains an
utterly trivial financial instrument.  Yesterday, the total volume of
bitcoin transactions was 5674 btc worth about $2.3 million.  By
comparison, the foreign exchange market in real currencties trades
that much every 37 milliseconds.
I've heard a lot about ransomware at recent security conferences and I
don't recall anyone, ever, suggesting the choking the bitcoin market
would be a useful countermeasure.  Before they demanded bitcoins, they
demanded Western Union transfers to offshore money mules, and they
could switch back to that in a minute.  Keep in mind that the victims
have a perverse incentive not to rat out the mules since if the mules
don't collect the payment, they don't get an unlock key.
Besides, bitcoin will implode from the sheer social incompetence of
the bitcoin community.  Who'd have expected they'd be so wedged they
couldn't agree how to make a mechanical change to increase the
transaction rate?

@_date: 2016-03-29 20:52:04
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG Moves to Vacate Apple Decrypt Order 
Unless the judge denies the motion to vacate the order, which is
extremely unlikely, the case is over.  I just checked PACER and
there's nothing yet since document 209.

@_date: 2016-03-29 20:57:40
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] On the 'regulation proof' aspect of Bitcoin 
Collecting bitcoins requires no infrastructure.  Turning the btc into
actual money, maybe and maybe not.  Depending on how sophisticated
the crooks are it might be possible to identify them by following
the transactions and see where they spend the loot.
All true but it's basically a cost of doing business.  I expect
ransomware is profitable enough to support a lot of transaction costs,
particularly if they can continue bulk infections of institutions like
the hospital in California and demand five or six figure rather than
$300 ransoms.

@_date: 2016-03-30 01:35:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] On the 'regulation proof' aspect of Bitcoin 
In the U.S., that would have stupendous First Amendment problems, and
would be instantly subject to a TRO and would certainly lose on the
merits.  There is a very long history of legal protection of anonymous
speech in the US, going back to the Federalist.
Perhaps this is not the ideal place for speculation about US
constitutional law and we should get back to crypto.

@_date: 2016-05-02 13:52:42
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Craig Wright is Satoshi 
Multiple press reports say Australian cryptographer Craig Wright
created Bitcoin.  This time it seems to be for real, he showed
he has Satoshi's keys.

@_date: 2016-05-12 18:46:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 2nd Amendment Case for the Right to Bear Crypto 
You're probably right, but that only tells us that the government hasn't regulated them,
not that it can't.
Historically, the 2nd amendment was interpreted to refer to the state militias, i.e. the National
Guard.  In recent years the revisionist insurrectionist theory has become popular, and it's
been interpreted to refer to personal ownership of some set of weapons.  The exact boundaries
of what weapons are included remain fuzzy; shotguns are pretty clearly included, machine guns
and nuclear weapons are not.
I'm not aware of any 2nd amendment cases where the "arms" weren't conventional guns, or maybe
knives.  I understand the metaphorical appeal of applying it to crypto software, but I think
it'd be very tough to sell it to a judge.

@_date: 2016-11-08 16:29:38
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] October 28th is now National Cryptography Day 
Nope.  There are laws about handling classified material, and they
don't allow storing it on your own equipment.  The law definitely
doesn't say "unless you use really good crypto."  If Clinton had
deliberately stored classified material on her server that would be a
violation of the law, albeit of a kind that government employees make
all the time (not their own servers, but unauthorized media) and get
no more than a wrist slap if that.
But there is in fact no reason to believe that Clinton deliberately
stored any classified material on it, and in fact her server seems
to have been more secure than State's.
This Vox article describes the whole sorry story quite well, and the
operative term is the last one in the URL.
PS: This seems relevant

@_date: 2016-11-27 16:38:18
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto in stage magic 
A nephew who does stage magic for fun told me that he's working on
"mentalist" tricks.  In one classic, the magician is blindfolded on
stage, and his assistant moves through the audience asking people to
give him items that he holds up, and the magician guesses what they
are.  The assistant might say  "I have an item from a lady here"
 "Hmmn, seems quite personal."
 "I couldn't say"
 "I'm thinking it's a picture"
 "Is that right?"
 (woman) "Yes!"
 "Can you tell us any more?"
  ...
 "I'm seeing the lady's mother." (applause..)
This trick goes back at least to the 1800s, so there's no radio or
other technical cheat, the magician really is blindfolded, and the
audience members are not shills.
My nephew, who knows me pretty well, said, you can probably figure out
how this works.  Aha, it's steganography.  The magician and the
assistant have a code hidden in the words and timing and tone of the
innocuous back and forth.  Nephew says they can be very complex, items
can be split over multiple back and forth comments.  Some magicians
even did it with no words at all, using timing and sounds of
A little googlage found nothing on this trick.  But it must be well
known to someone here.

@_date: 2016-10-02 18:49:12
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] distrusted root CA: WoSign 
In article <20161002034219.GY4670 at mournblade.imrryr.org> you write:
You're right, DANE shows that the cert us under control of the same
person that phished the registrant's password.  Or perhaps her
registrar reseller's password, or the password of her web host, who
also provides DNS service.  This is a quantitatively smaller attack
surface than Let's Encrypt but I don't see it as qualitatively
More to the point, a DV or DANE certificate doesn't tell you anything
about the identity of the party, so the only assurance it gives you is
that there wasn't a MITM.  To the extent that CAs do the validation
for EV certs that they are supposed to, EV really is qualitatively
I am not a big fan of CAs, but the problem we want them to solve is
extremely difficult.

@_date: 2016-10-02 19:41:38
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] distrusted root CA: WoSign 
Speaking as one of those "customers", since we got the certificates
for free, we got what we paid for.
I'm moving mine to Let's Encrypt as I expect many other free cert
users are doing.

@_date: 2016-10-03 23:44:03
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] French credit card has time-varying PIN 
It's the CVV, purely intended for card-not-present.
If the CVV changes every hour, and you allow one slot of slop for someone who
places an order just before the number changes, that still makes it 500-1 to
guess the right number, which seems pretty unfavorable for bad guys.
AmEx has a four digit CVV, dunno whether MC and V could accept longer CVVs.
PS: How many US cards don't have chips now?  All mine have for at
least a year.  A few of them even have PINs.

@_date: 2016-10-04 01:27:35
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] French credit card has time-varying PIN 
No, it just means that the transaction needs a time stamp so the bank
can tell what the CVV should have been.  I don't immediately see that
as a security problem unless you have a bank so dumb that it'll let
merchants do 500 transactions with timestamps two hours apart to try
and guess the CVV.

@_date: 2016-10-04 17:14:09
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] French credit card has time-varying PIN 
People who know a lot more than me about this tell me that finding
mules to cash out is the chokepoint in credit card fraud.  You can buy
a gazillion "fullz" with name, address, card number and CVV, for like
a dollar apiece, because they are so hard to monetize.
They will certainly adapt to some degree, but this appears to be a
place where it'll be hard.

@_date: 2016-10-24 22:06:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to prove Wikileaks' emails aren't altered 
Hash: SHA1
 ... download the messages from Wikileaks and run them though one of
the open source perl or python DKIM scripts.  I did that on a couple
of messages referenced in articles (e.g., the one that said Tim Kaine
was picked a year ago) and yes, the signatures are good.
Pretty hard.  Slightly oversimplified, DKIM makes a SHA-256 hash of
the message body, then another SHA-256 hash of the interesting
headers, one of which includes the body hash, and then puts an RSA
signed version of that second hash in the signature.  The verification key is in the DNS.  Gmail's DKIM keys are not DNSSEC
signed, but since the key used for the gmail-to-gmail messages is the
same one that has been used for hundreds of billions other outgoing
gmail messages over the past four years, it'd be pretty obvious if
someone changed it.
If you're wondering about the details, see RFC 6376.

@_date: 2016-10-25 03:02:08
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to prove Wikileaks' emails aren't altered 
Rather than guessing, how about reading the RFC?
In principle a signature can contain l=0 which means the body hash
only contains the first zero bytes of the body, but normally it hashes
the whole body so you know the message body you've got is the one it
signed.  Since it takes literally five seconds to download the
messages in question and examine the signatures to see if there's an
l=, I'll leave it as an exercise for the interested reader.
Also, while Jon is correct that the design of DKIM allows anyone to
sign anything, in practice, gmail doesn't let one gmail user send mail
as another. The chances that a signed gmail-to-gmail message is not
what it appears are very low unless you believe that someone has
stolen the DKIM signing key and nobody at Gmail has noticed and
rotated to a new key.
PS: I have to admit I'm surprised that Gmail hasn't rotated the
signing key in four years.  Typical times are one or two times a year.
I rotate mine every month, just because I can.

@_date: 2016-10-25 03:03:47
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to prove Wikileaks' emails aren't altered 
In this case it's well documented that bad guys phished John Podesta
and took over his account to download all of his mail.  There is no
evidence of a compromise at gmail itself.

@_date: 2016-09-16 22:57:44
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Ada vs Rust vs safer C 
This paper is quite good.  It observes that there is a great deal of
information in the object and executable files that is typically
thrown away at runtime.  They do a combination of reasonable
inferences, e.g., the code in module A won't normally reference static
data in module B, and a high level description language that lets you
make assertions about what should access what when.  They did it all
with standard GCC and clever linkers and loaders.

@_date: 2016-09-21 17:29:22
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Well defined architectures, was Secure erasure 
IBM Systems Journal V3N2 and V3N3 in 1964 were special issues on the new 360
architecture.  No. 2 was narrative articles, No. 3 was a detailed spec of
the architecture in APL.  If you haven't read it, it's worth digging up and
reading.  The Principles of Operation manual was published shortly thereafter.
It's quite clear about what's defined and what's undefined.
The 360 architecture is still alive as zSeries, and the principles of
operation has ballooned to over 1000 pages, but they're still quite
careful about what's defined and what's not and what that means.  You
can still run most program binaries for a 1965 360/30 on the latest
zSeries, which is pretty amazing.
(needs free registration, but then you can download the PDF)

@_date: 2016-09-25 17:17:20
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Yahoo is sued for gross negligence over huge 
Yahoo is in California, and their terms of service have always said
that you agree that California law applies.
In the peculiar way that the law works, Yahoo would probably point out that
they've had large breaches before, and even though this one was larger, it's
not qualitiatively different, and anyway the users waived all remedies when
they signed up, and since they didn't pay anything they have no damages.
I doubt VZ will back out, since for some stupid reason they think they
need content to make money, but I can easily believe that they will
try to negotiate the price down.  Delaware law is unsympathetic to
attempts to renegotiate on bad news ("you're big boys and girls, you
should have done your homework") so this likely will depend on how
much Yahoo management knew when they were in negotiation and what they
should have told VZ about it at the time.
ObCrypto: so how do you store info for half a billion accounts so the
users can get to it but it can't be stolen wholesale, and it scales
well?  Press reports say that Russian hackers were looking for about
40 Russian accounts, but while they were there they took everything

@_date: 2017-08-14 02:37:14
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Code Breakers by Craig Collie 
In article  you write:
Kindle edition available from Amazon US, too.  I haven't bought it but
I did get the free sample first chapter which shows they actually have
Price is US$10.39

@_date: 2017-08-29 02:46:16
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to find hidden/undocumented instructions 
In article  you write:
A machine check doesn't crash a 360 or 370.  It's an exception which
interrupts, and the operating system does whatever it does, presumably
kill the running program since there's no way to recover.
You can kill your own program but there are lots of ways to do that.

@_date: 2017-12-03 15:48:57
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So long to Startcom 
This showed up this morning.
For a long time Startcom was the only CA that provided free DV
certificates that worked in most browsers.  Their business model was
to upsell you to other stuff.  But they were always rather opaque,
with the opacity reaching the breaking point when they sold themselves
to a Chinese company and didn't bother to tell anyone.
These days there's little reason to use anyone other than Let's
Encrypt for DV certificates.  Other CAs offer warranties for their
pricey certs, but as far as I can tell nobody cares and the warranties
are so narrowly drawn that nobody's ever collected.
Reply-To: no-reply This is an automatically generated email, please do not reply.
Dear customer,
As you are surely aware, the browser makers distrusted StartCom around a year
ago and therefore all the end entity certificates newly issued by StartCom are
not trusted by default in browsers.
The browsers imposed some conditions in order for the certificates to be
re-accepted. While StartCom believes that these conditions have been met, it
appears there are still certain difficulties forthcoming. Considering this
situation, the owners of StartCom have decided to terminate the company as a
Certification Authority as mentioned in Startcoms website.
StartCom will stop issuing new certificates starting from January 1st, 2018 and
will provide only CRL and OCSP services for two more years.
StartCom would like to thank you for your support during this difficult time.
StartCom is contacting some other CAs to provide you with the certificates
needed. In case you dont want us to provide you an alternative, please,
contact us at certmaster at startcomca.com
Please let us know if you need any further assistance with the transition
process. We deeply apologize for any inconveniences that this may cause.
Best regards,
StartCom Certification Authority

@_date: 2017-12-04 15:20:26
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So long to Startcom 
In article <9E2652BD-EC33-4BB0-94A4-C210B45B324D at akamai.com> you write:
ACME is an open spec, there's nothing other than money preventing
someone from starting another service that works the same way.
I'm not so concerned about LE failing, since it has a lot of sponsors
who can if needed write million dollar checks.

@_date: 2017-12-04 16:08:30
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: CME Approved, Coin  Paychecks, 
In article ,
But that's not how shorting works.  If I short 100 shares of IBM,
first I (or more likely my broker) have to borrow those shares from
someone else so I can sell them.  Then when I cover the short, the
shares I bought to cover go back to the person I borrowed them from.
If you're shorting bitcoin ETFs, you'll be borrowing them, too.  Your
broker will require you have enough actual money in your account to
cover your losses if the short turns against you ("margin"), and if
your short goes beyond your margin, they'll make a margin call where
you either deposit more money or they close out your position at a
loss.  Short futures don't have to be borrowed but they have if
anything stricter margin requirements.
"Naked" shorting, where you don't actually have the shares you're
selling, is in most cases illegal for reasons that should be obvious
if you think about it for a moment.  If naked shorting were allowed, I
could flood the market with fake shares, then when people predictably
panic and the price crashes, buy them back and keep the difference.
Or if people resist panic and hold my fake shares, what happens when
the next dividend is declared and the company says to the buyer "who
are you?"
The SEC has extensive rules about short selling, most based on painful
experience as far back as the 1920s:
Perhaps the message here is that people who know nothing about markets
should not try to manage them.
PS: If it were me, I'd just buy put options.  Good luck putting them
on the bitcoin blockchain.

@_date: 2017-12-04 23:41:06
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptocurrency: CME Approved, Coin Paychecks, FED, 
In article <201712042016.vB4KG3K7003152 at new.toad.com>,
In case it wasn't clear, I have no problem with short positions when
done legally.  But it's more complicated than adding a sign bit to
bitcoin blockchain entries.

@_date: 2017-12-04 23:28:44
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So long to Startcom 
In article <7e7464c9-028f-b294-18b1-3d77506ac9c9 at cs.tcd.ie> you write:
Well, sure.  Since the spec and most if not all of the software is in
the public domain, why don't you set one up?

@_date: 2017-12-09 18:49:15
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Zimbabwean Bitcoin, was Re: Shorting Bitcoin 
In article  you write:
I have to say, I couldn't ask for a better example of "blockchains are magic."
Real world markets have all those complex rules about naked short
sales not because they don't know how to make negative ledger entries,
but to prevent market manipulation and outright fraud.  Market
manipulation is from selling fake shares to try to depress the price
before you buy from suckers to cover, the outright fraud is when
someone tries to collect the shares you sold that don't exist and you
don't have them.  That's why you have to borrow any shares you short
(and pay the real owner interest) so the shares you sell are real.
It's also way your broker and regulators have margin rules so when
it's time to collect on a short sale or short futures position, you
have enough to pay what you owe.
Every intro to Bitcoin seems to have a mandatory slide of a 100
trillion Zimbabwean dollar note, and a pompous explanation of how that
can never happen to Bitcoin.  Remember that your Bitcoin wallet
doesn't actually have a balance; the balance you see is just the sum
of all the its transactions.  One of the rules computing that sum is
that the inputs to each transaction have to be at least as much as the
But let's wave our hands and now we have positronic Bitcoins.  We
could repeal the rule about inputs exceeding outputs.  If I want to
sell a thousand bitcoins, I create the transaction, add a nice juicy
transaction fee, and wait for a miner to pick it up.  Because I am a
nice person, I sincerely intend to buy enough coins later to get back
to zero.  What could go wrong?  Personally this is my favorite
approach, since it promptly leads to the Zimbabwe scenario, and puts
Bitcoin out of its misery.
Well, OK, how about a secured deal where you can sell coins you don't
own so long as someone who does have enough coins vouches for you.
Technically that's not hard, but if you think for two seconds,
administratively it's no different from the vouching party selling the
coins since that's who's going to pay when you default, and anything
that happens between you and her after that is outside the scope of
the blockchain.  So there's no reason to put it on the blockchain
since it's just a private loan between the voucher and you.
It's not impossible to do short sales of anything, but the reason
markets have all those rules is not because they are stupid, it's
because they understand all the problems the rules avoid and the
inevitable math when people sell things they don't own.
PS: See PS on my previous message in this thread.

@_date: 2017-12-11 00:59:30
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Intel's $10-100 billion Minix copyright problem 
In article  you write:
Aw, come on.  Even if we imagine that we hear the whirr of black
helicopters around Santa Clara, this imaginary order would have told
them to provide a list of spy functions, not what process manager to
use.  Someone just wasn't thinking clearly.  Whatever the ME does, I'm sure that they could have bought a QNX
license and done it totally legally and just as well, probably better
because QNX is designed to be used in constrained embedded

@_date: 2017-12-14 09:58:29
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
In article <5A318B45.8010501 at connotech.com> you write:
Well sure, but it's not for retail transactions.  It has 15
participants, all of which are either the government or large banks,
and the average transfer is over C$7,000,000.  (It's not a bad
candidate for a private blockchain.)
International wire transfers are also not usually reversible, but we
don't use them to buy groceries, either.  At my bank least, before you
can do one there are multiple levels of are you absolutely sure, and a
special code generation step using a dongle or phone app.
Something like that could help, but it's not going to scale for day to
day transactions.
Now we're back to the swamp of what bitcoin is if it's not
a currency.  Electric gold?  Electric pet rocks?  Who knows.

@_date: 2017-12-18 11:50:48
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Delaware allows blockchain stock registry 
This piece showed up today, about a change in Delaware law that allows
corporations to keep their stock register on a blockchain.  Since
Delware is the most popular US state to incorporate, I expect we'll be
seeing a few.
It notes:
" ... only the possessor of the correct cryptographic key can deal
with the shares and assign them to a third party. Once the third party
is registered as owner, then only that third party can subsequently
deal with them. And so on."
I wonder what happens when you lose your key.  You can never sell your

@_date: 2017-12-19 22:45:03
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin theft and the future of cryptocurrencies 
In article  you write:
If you compare the number of transactions done with cash these days to
the number done with plastic, the answer should be pretty obvious.
This article in today's NY Times looks at NY doormen and other
employees who have traditionally gotten a lot of income from cash
tips, but nobody has cash any more:

@_date: 2017-12-20 14:03:43
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] payments, 
In article  you write:
Right, and then ask him if he uses that private coin to buy a
dishwasher and it doesn't work, should he be able to get his money
back.  Or (obCrypto) "should the messages on your phone be safe from
government snooping?" vs. "should terrorists and drug dealers be
allowed to hide behind cryptography?"  You find similar things in
political polls, where people consistently say that their politics are
conservative, while supporting mostly liberal positions.
You can get whatever answer you want by phrasing the question, which
is why it's more informative to look at what people actually do than
what they say.  And for payments, what they do is to use plastic.
PS: I have a Swedish friend who uses so little cash that he says he
doesn't know what the current Swedish banknotes look like.

@_date: 2017-12-21 11:20:42
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography]  Bitcoin, fork you very much 
Let's say I'm with the Chinese government and decide that I am tired
of people evading currency controls and money laundering with Bitcoin.
So we adjust the Great Firewall of China to block port 8333.  We also
add some MITM proxies that take newly mined blocks from the Chinese
side, rewrite them to put the newly mined btc into government-approved
wallets, fill up the blocks with transactions from outside China, and
send them along.
Since a large fraction of the miners are inside China and all of the
hard currency exchanges are outside, this is a pretty serious fork.
No doubt people will start trying to evade the block, but the the GFoC
works pretty well, and any evasion will take a while to start being
effective.  It'd also be easy to tell who was trying to evade (look at
the blocks in the chains they publish) and send someone around to chat
with them.
Even if the two sides are eventually reunited, then what?  It'd be
obvious which blocks had been rewritten, but even if there was some
improbable global consensus to disregard them, what happens to all of
the transactions?
Am I missing anything important here?

@_date: 2017-12-21 18:11:11
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Lakestone Bank and Trust Just Made A Problem, 
In article <20171221150728.GC844 at sivokote.iziade.m$> you write:
That's completely ridiculous.  This is a small town bank in Lapeer MI,
an exurb of Detroit.  It has been around since 1902 has grown modestly
by buying and merging other small banks nearby including one that was
founded in 1898.  It has under $600 million in assets, which is quite
small, and a 10% capital ratio and 10% return on equity, which make it
a very healthy little bank.  I expect that most of their customers
live within driving distance of one of their offices.
They probably consider speculating on Bitcoin to be gambling, which by
any normal definition is exactly what it is.  It is not unusual for
banks to fire customers who they believe are engaging in excessively
risky financial behavior.  The only response I have seen to the letter
from the bank is flaming on reddit.  I see no evidence that any of the
bank's other customers care, or have even noticed.
PS: Once again, I would encourage people who know nothing about
economics, and aren't willing to do the most basic research, to
refrain from economic pontification.

@_date: 2017-12-22 17:28:31
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin, fork you very much 
In article <75e5b407-d6f3-e242-94c8-f8a80abca2e7 at sonic.net> you write:
Oh, of course.  "Never mind."
But even a plain split would be awfully disruptive.  For extra fun
imagine that the GFoC allows some transactions into China but nothing
out, so you end up with two blockchains with somewhat overlapping
contents.  Hard to see how you could ever put that back together

@_date: 2017-12-23 22:46:07
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin, fork you very much 
In article  you write:
Only in the short run, since the difficulty adjust every two weeks to
keep the rate about 0.1 block/minute gather there's a little used rule
that says that when two chains are of the same length the one with
more work wins, so if they have more than half of the hashing power
they'll probably win.  Or if the split's only for a few days, there
probably won't be time for an adjustment.

@_date: 2017-12-24 22:03:59
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin, fork you very much 
The point of PoW is to limit the rate that blocks are added to the
chain.  In a private blockchain you could agree to a block creation
rate, but for a public chain like Bitcoin, you need a rate limiter
that's hard to do and easy to verify so people can't cheat.
People will make all sorts of pseudo-economic arguments but the real
answer is "because that's what the code does."  There's no
specification for Bitcoin other than what the original client program
(with a few widely agreed patches) does, and the other clients follow
It's pretty clear that Bitcoin's popularity has little or nothing to
do with the decreasing mining rate.  There are plenty of new suckers
to bid up the price, and the supply shrinks every time someone loses
the key to a wallet.  We don't know how many old wallets are lost, but
speculation suggests quite a lot of them.

@_date: 2017-12-26 15:53:41
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Two articles on what is and isn't money 
NY Times: Cash Might Be King, but They Don't Care
As restaurants in New York stop accepting cash, they are surprised how
few people care, or even notice.
FT: Israeli regulator becomes latest to crack down on bitcoin
Israel bars bitcoin trading companies from Tel Aviv stock exchange
because "Nobody knows what stands behind this."  On the other hand,
they're considering a digital shekel for mobile payments.

@_date: 2017-12-28 22:14:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fast handling of IP Address changes for HTTPS 
In article  you write:
Run a proxy on a $4/mo VPS with a fixed address, and set something up
so your machine connects to the VPS on another port so it can provide
content to your VPS.  Or just run the web server on the VPS.  They're
good at it.
While there are ways to rapidly change the IP where a domain name
points, that's known as "fast flux" and is an excellent way to get
your name blacklisted because everyone else who does that is serving
up phishes and malware.

@_date: 2017-12-29 16:55:18
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fast handling of IP Address changes for HTTPS 
In article <20171229095504.GW20937 at h-174-65.A328.priv.bahnhof.se> you write:
It does, that's how I use it for my mail servers in domains without
web servers.  But you need a DNS setup where you can script updates to
your DNS zones and drive that from the certificate generation, It
works fine for me but I control my own DNS using a DNS management
toaster I wrote myself (which of course runs on a server with a fixed
IP address to serve the DNS zones.)  Short of that, use a VPS.

@_date: 2017-02-07 18:47:08
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What is total world transaction volume? 
A 2012 report from the Fed had these numbers for 2012, all in billions:
26 credit card
47 debit card
 9 prepaid card
22 ACH (electronic bank transfer)
18 paper checks
The average value of plastic transactions is under $100, of ACH about
$2000 and paper checks about $1000.
Add those together and the total is upwards of 100 billion per year,
which is between 3 and 4 thousand per second.  There are obviously
more transactions during the day when people are awake, and a lot of
seasonal variation, like between Thanksgiving and Christmas, so as a
rough estimate you'd need to handle 10,000 per second just to keep up,
not even counting the transactions now done with physical cash.
For anyone who didn't get the memo, Bitcoin is a toy-sized prototype.
That's just the US; there's more people in Europe so I expect they
have at least as many transactions as we do.  China and India have
vast numbers of people and vast numbers of transactions, in India at
least they are mostly in physical cash.
Not to reignite an argument, but I would note that most people
consider it a feature, not a bug, that it's possible to reverse
fraudulent plastic transactions.  So Bitcoin is really only a
substitute for the much smaller number of transactions currently
handled with envelopes full of cash.

@_date: 2017-02-08 13:33:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd:  What is total world transaction volume? 
A few seconds of googling finds 15M SWIFT messages/day which is about
200/sec.  It's not clear what the relationship is between messages and
transactions, but even at this wholesale level we're an order of
magnitude beyond what bitcoin can do.
A few seconds more finds Fedwire does 566K transactions/day, or about
6/sec.  Bitcoin could just barely keep up with that, but of course the
transaction rate increases every year.

@_date: 2017-02-08 22:13:53
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A little history, 
Back in the 1800s, when only gold and silver were legal tender in the
US, banks issued paper money that was redeemable in coin.  Some banks
did this more enthusiastically than others, so depending on the
reputation of the bank and how far you were from it (one could redeem
the paper only at in person at the bank's office), the value of the
paper varied.  Merchants subscribed to monthly publications like
"Bicknell's Counterfeit Detector and Bank Note List" which described
what the banknotes should look like, since counterfeiting was rampant,
and what they thought the notes were worth.  A very few were worth
par, well run banks might be discounted 1% or 2%, banks on the
frontier discounted 10% or in one case I saw as much as 75%.
Why anyone would want to return to this ridiculous way of using
money baffles me.

@_date: 2017-02-09 15:54:44
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A little history, 
This leads to an obvious question -- if you have to trust Coinbase or
whoever issues your wallet, what's the point of tying it to bitcoin,
other than bitcoin's ineffable coolness?
If I'm going to use a stored value card, I'll use one issued by a real
bank whose books are audited and against whom I have recourse if my
money disappears.

@_date: 2017-02-10 01:29:09
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A little history, 
In article <7a42432d-6484-9545-4913-3b792e5c6846 at rayservers.net> you write:
Uh, OK.  I can see how that might make you want to buy the Winklevoss'
ETF, but I don't see what it has to do with a sort-of-bitcoin payment
They do this now, only they call them things like gift certificates
and prepaid debit cards, and they are denominated in dollars, since
that is the currency you need if you want to buy stuff.  The
transaction range from nothing, buying a gift card at par, to rather
high, like 5% for some debit card reloads.
PS to moderator: I realize this is getting a long way from crypto.

@_date: 2017-02-15 22:24:40
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
In article  you write:
They are available right now.  I know this because I am holding two of
them in my hand.  One is a U2F key by Yubico, the other is a Plug-Up
security key.  They both implement an open spec from the FIDO
Physically, they're USB dongles that pretend to be keyboards and send
a text string, when you push a button on the Yubico, or when you plug
it in with the Plug-up.  They are about the size of a house key and
have a hole so you can put them on a keychain.
I use one of them to secure my Google account.  They work pretty well
if you're using a computer with a USB port, not at all from a phone
since there's no place to plug them in, and even with a USB to micro
USB adapter, phone apps tend not to expect input from a physical
Then there's Google Validator, an app that runs on your phone and
generates those six-digit codes.  It's also an open spec, anyone can
use it and many do.  My Validator app generates codes for my Amazon
account, my Hurricane Electric tunnelbroker account, my Tucows
registrar account, by Bitstamp account, my Synology disk server, and
also my Google account.
None of this is obscure.  It's all easy to find if you look for it.

@_date: 2017-02-16 15:41:08
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
In article <58A5BCCB.9080101 at connotech.com> you write:
For anyone who wondered enough to do 10 seconds of googling,
the spec is here:
It looks to me like if you want to build hardware, you need to join
Fido since to get the IPR don't-sue-us.  If you just want to implement
the software side, you can.  They've sent a proposed API spec to the
Of course not.
No.  It's an implementation of RFC 6328.  You set it up with an 80 bit
shared secret, typically sent as a QR code, and then the app generates
time based OTPs.  If you don't like Google's app, there are several
open source implementations.  The apps run entirely on the phone, and
just uses the shared secret and the time to generate the OTP.
Ten more seconds of googling finds a very informative Wikipedia page:

@_date: 2017-02-17 21:32:12
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Verification of Identity 
In article  you write:
I have several thousand e-mail addresses (not all in the same domains)
so I look forward to having several thousand verified identities.

@_date: 2017-02-18 21:46:42
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Verification of Identity 
Oh, OK.  I look forward to having several thousand verified identities
with pictures of random real people pulled off the net.  You never
know when I might need to be Bill Gates online.
This sounds like after a few more rounds you'll reinvent PGP-style web
of trust, which decades of experience has shown not to work beyond toy
sized groups of people who already know each other.

@_date: 2017-02-24 00:46:44
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] SHA1 collisions make Git vulnerable to attakcs 
In article <20170223181409.GA6085 at savin.petertodd.org> you write:
The Google blog post describes what they did, and mentioned that it
used upward of 6500 CPU-years to create.  So while I agree that the
collision is real, and github should switch to better hashes ASAP, I'm
not too worried about an immediate blizzard of fake source code.

@_date: 2017-02-27 04:19:43
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Schneier's Internet Security Agency - bad idea 
In article <1488075708.5907.2.camel at virginia.edu> you write:
That wouldn't help.  The mirai botnet consists largely of hacked CCTV
cameras.  The cameras still work, but have an extra feature of sending
DDoS traffic.  The people who bought the cameras have no idea that
their devices have been hacked, and usually wouldn't care even if they
did, since they're not suffering.
Even without strict liability there are ways to push the pain back on
the owners of the hacked devices to give them an incentive to fix
them.  At a recent conference we talked about ways of codifying
industry practice so ISPs can cut off or firewall customers who are
sending malicious traffic from hacked IoT devices.

@_date: 2017-01-02 21:01:44
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Smart electricity meters can be dangerously 
I've read stories about how power is rebooted after large blackouts in
the US, since generating plants generally require power from somewhere
else to start up.  Wikipedia notes that in the 1965 northeast blackout,
western New York was rebooted starting with a power plant at Kodak in
Rochester that kept running.  I read that in Boston, the reboot started
with a generator in a lab at MIT.
Somewhat informative Wikipedia article, with mentions of startup arrangements in the UK

@_date: 2017-01-22 15:45:08
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Oracle discovers the 1990s in crypto 
In article  you write:
I understand the problem with 1K keys, you can use collisions to make
a fake signature.
But I'm wondering how real the MD5 threat is in practice.  Java JAR files
are ZIP files containing a manifest that lists the other files and can
contain signed hashes of the other files.  So I can see how I could generate
a collision and replace one of the other files with garbage, which might
crash a poorly debugged Java implmentation.  But how likely is it that I
could replace one of the other files with a different Java program?

@_date: 2017-01-22 23:13:26
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Oracle discovers the 1990s in crypto 
In article  you write:
So I see, but those are all variations on chosen plaintext attacks.
This tells me that there's a viable attack where I write both the good
and the bad programs with the same MD5 hash, get an authority to sign
the good program, and substitute the bad program, the "Alice - Caesar"
attack.  It doesn't look like I can take an arbitrary signed program
not designed to make collisions easier and substitute a different
Alice - Caesar is bad enough, but it's useful to understand the scope
of the threat.
PS: This does not mean I plan to sign any MD5 hashes any time soon.

@_date: 2017-01-22 23:17:17
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Oracle discovers the 1990s in crypto 
That's probably not such a bad problem -- you can strip the signatures
off a .JAR file using zip/unzip and a text editor, then resign it with
the usual signature tools, without touching the code in the file.  You
can also add new signatures and hashes leaving the old ones in place,
and it's supposed to work.
The question, of course, is whether the legacy-ware that uses these
old files will accept newer signatures.

@_date: 2017-01-30 04:13:16
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is Factoring of large RSA moduli using 
In article  you write:
This solves a lot of our problems.  We can now inform the FBI that
there is no need to put backdoors in crypto systems, since any crypto
can be broken using Alternative Arithmetic.  They should immediately
fund a large project to work out the details.

@_date: 2017-07-02 17:25:09
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] LRB article, Satoshi's Trump Card 
In article  you write:
Well, you know, you could subscribe and read it it like civilized
people do so the author gets paid.
I happen to subscribe to the LRB and can tell you it's an article from
last year on the rise and fall of Craig Wright as Satoshi.  It has
lots of personal interview detail if you care about that sort of
thing, but it doesn't tell you anything about bitcoin you didn't
already know.

@_date: 2017-07-02 21:37:27
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] actual journalism, was LRB article, 
In article  you write:
Having looked at the articles the author wrote before and after the
pair he wrote last year on the Craig Wright affair, I think I can say
with fair assurance that he has better things to do than to screw
around with cyber funny money.  If you want to read stuff in the LRB,
which is quite a good magazine, you send them real money, US$ 50,
C$70, or if you live in the UK, a special promo of 12 and they send
you a year of the paper magazine and online access.  They take credit
cards and UK bank transfers.  If you don't think it's worth that much,
or you have theoretical issues with paying for stuff with real money,
that's fine, don't pay and don't complain that you can't read it.
Speaking of actual journalism, online magazine Slate has a weekly
Slate Money podcast which is quite good because host Felix Salmon when
he's not making dorky jokes has an excellent grasp of finance and
economics.  Last week's edition had an interesting segment on Initial
Coin Offerings.  It starts at about 31:14 in the podcast.  They conclude (I think correctly) that most ICOs are scams even if
their proponents don't think they are, and they note that for most
alt-coins the only practical way to buy them is to use bitcoin as an
It also has a link to this blog entry by Emin Gn Sirer about why
Bancor is bogus as is anything layered on top of it:

@_date: 2017-07-12 01:00:06
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Creepy correlation noted 
In article <60e0ac1c-3c9c-b82e-a837-ed1eab0dad92 at sonic.net> you write:
For the most part, they just ignore it.
The FTC has put a lot of effort into this, but the advent of cheap VoIP
means that you can now annoy a lot of people for very little money and
it is easy to disappear and reappear somewhere else.
ObCrypto: another effect of VoIP is that you can lie with impunity
about the number you're calling from.  The FCC is working on digital
signatures for VoIP calls but it's a long slog.  The technology is
simple enough in concept but when you look at the mountain of kludges
that is the modern phone system, it's a lot of work to get it

@_date: 2017-07-13 14:46:50
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Creepy correlation noted 
In article  you write:
How would they even know what your phone number is?  Where is this
sekrit live sucker feed?  How do I sign up for it?  Why does no
marketer I have ever met know about it?
That's a swell conspiracy theory, but it's ridiculous.  There is huge
consumer support for DNC lists, and the Federal Trade Commission does
a lot of work chasing down violators, althouugh (obCrypto) with the
current nearly non-existent authentication of VoIP calls it's endless
whack-a-mole.  Politicians have no trouble getting numbers from public voter records
and even from people who provide phone numbers when they send money.
Um, no.  The FTC says:
 How long does my phone number stay registered?
 Telephone numbers on the Registry don't expire. We only remove your
 number when it's disconnected and reassigned, unless you ask us to
 remove it.
(See

@_date: 2017-07-14 01:55:03
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Creepy correlation noted 
In article ,
I realize this is too simple, but you could look at the packetcable
spec, keeping in mind that you can put any random Best Buy cable modem
on any cable connection so Comcast's ability to inject malware into it
is limited.  The phone service you buy from your cable company uses
VoIP over a dedicated channel, so it doesn't compete with the general
IP traffic and has predictably good loss, delay and jitter.
But anyway, I'm still waiting to hear where I can sign up for the
"live suckers online" feed, and why I would waste money on it when
VoIP predictive dialers that blast down a list and only connect to an
agent when they hear a live person are practically free.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Please consider the environment before reading this e-mail.

@_date: 2017-06-07 17:18:18
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Virtual tour of Bletchley Park 
In article  you write:
It's pretty cool, looking around the room at Colossus and EDSAC via
Google Cardboard.  Having been there, I can confirm that's what it
looks like.
For anyone interested in Enigma and the Bombe, you won't find them.
There are two separate museums at Bletchley, and the Enigma stuff is
in the other one.

@_date: 2017-06-08 19:38:54
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Virtual tour of Bletchley Park 
In article  you write:
That is odd.  When I was there a few years ago, the Colossus was
running with spinning paper tape.

@_date: 2017-06-16 09:46:34
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 1984! US Senate Doesn't Launch Forfeiture and 
In article  you write:
I'm getting the impression that nobody here but me has actually read
the bill.
It's really about prepaid debit cards.  The US and many other
countries have for a long time required you to declare at the border
if you're carrying $10K or more in cash or cash-like things, and now
that you can easily put $10K on a prepaid card, it's adding them to
the list of cash-like things.  There are passing reference to digital
currencies, but all it does is make them subject to the same rules in
the unlikely event that you were carrying a digital wallet in a
physical form, I suppose with the wallet hash printed on a piece of
paper or something.
If I thought bitcoin were important (I don't) I'd be thrilled that the
law was changing to treat it more like real money.

@_date: 2017-06-18 10:12:53
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 1984! US Senate Doesn't Launch Forfeiture and 
In article  you write:
Evidently you're older than me.  I think that something that dates
from 20 years before I was born has been around for a long time.
This really sounds like someone who hasn't read the bill, or didn't
look at the words while doing so.  It regulates physical things that
one carries through customs.  If the only way you can figure out to
transport bitcoins is to print your wallet hash on a physical thing,
you probably have issues beyond the scope of this mailing list.
The working definition for economists is whatever you can use to pay
your taxes.  There are lots of things that are a step or two away from
money, e.g., a gold coin which you can sell, but that doesn't mean
they're money too.  (This definition has some fuzz, e.g., are CDs and
savings accounts money -- they use the same units as cash or current
accounts, but bank rules don't let you use them directly to pay.)
I realize that there are people who have faith-based beliefs that
money is something else, and who apparently believe that governments
are all illegitimate and have no right to regulate anything* but you
can find fringe beliefs about anything.
* - yet many of them expect someone to show up if they dial 911

@_date: 2017-06-21 16:26:55
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [Crypto-practicum] Can we get some damn security 
In article  you write:
I wouldn't hold my breath.  Voter registration records in the US are
public, so that part of the leak isn't a leak.
The rest of the database is apparently guesses about things like
religion and which way people might vote on various issues.  So it's
creepy, but it's not personal information about you.

@_date: 2017-03-24 20:56:23
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Google distrusts Symantec for mis-issuing 30, 
I dunno, but if you're using the Chrome browser, you have presumably
already answered those questions to your own satisfaction.  If not,
there are other browsers.

@_date: 2017-11-01 08:07:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How Google's Physical Keys Will Protect Your 
In article  you write:
Some of them, not mine which has a USB micro-B connector.

@_date: 2017-11-02 07:06:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How Google's Physical Keys Will Protect Your 
In article <20171101164524.GI42467 at funkthat.com>,
My bag is already too full of junk, and a dongle plus adapter cable is
not high on my list of things I want to add, nor that I want to dig
out every time my plane lands in a different country, my phone number
changes, and Google wants me to log in again.
Google has a range of 2FA.  When I'm not using my laptop which has a
USB jack into which I can plug the FIDO key, I use a TOTP app which is
good enough for my not terribly valuable account.

@_date: 2017-11-05 15:37:20
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How Google's Physical Keys Will Protect Your 
In article <1509671516009.49394 at cs.auckland.ac.nz> you write:
Oh, you mean like this?
Since I published that blog post four years ago, the keychain has
added another securid and a yubikey, but three of the four dongles in
the picture have now been replaced by an app on my phone, and the bank
has changed its login procedures so on most of their websites you can
login with a second password instead of the 2FA code and do nearly
everything you can do with the 2FA.

@_date: 2017-11-08 05:11:30
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] One Bitcoin Transaction Now Uses as Much Energy 
In article ,
Well, OK, but you also need to scale it to the size of what they're
managing.  At the ridiculous current price, the total value of
bitcoins is about $100 billion.  Poking around on the intertubes I see
numbers like $300 trillion for financial assets, $200 trillion for
real estate (all those deed registries), and a somewhat implausible $1
quadrillion for derivatives.  That's between 5,000 and 10,000 times as
much as bitcoins.
I don't understand why people try to deny the obvious fact that
blockchain, and particularly proof of work blockchain, is the most
expensive and inefficient database ever invented.  That's what you get
if you want fuly distributed storage and update.

@_date: 2017-10-16 22:41:43
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] filtering html 
In article ,
You need to get out more.  Several hundred million peopls use gmail as their
primary or only e-mail address.
Millions more use domains hosted at gmail.
PS: Most of the points on your gmail page are wrong.  Maybe some were
right a long time ago but, e.g., they reject mail, not accept and

@_date: 2017-10-17 01:42:44
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [FORGED] Re: Severe flaw in WPA2 protocol leaves 
In article <1508202259012.9724 at cs.auckland.ac.nz> you write:
Depends what devices.  Microsoft has already shipped patches for
Windows 7, 8, and 10, and many network equipment providers from Cisco
to Ubiquiti have too.  I've already updated my one Win 7 computer and
my access point.
iOS and Android are the main issues, and I suppose firmware-only IOT
devices although in most cases it's not obvious to me what useful
attacks you can make on a wifi camera through Krack that you can't do
easier some other way.  Krack requires that you're within wifi range,
after all.

@_date: 2017-10-22 02:24:26
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Does this keying scheme make sense? 
I was talking to a guy at a conference who sells a package which,
among other things, encrypts files in cloud storage with each file
having a different key.  The keys are all generated from a secret
keystore seed in a way that is supposed to be secure.
I'm looking at his patent on the technique and can't tell whether it's
clever, or just overclever:

@_date: 2017-10-31 07:42:48
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How Google's Physical Keys Will Protect Your 
In article <1509406959729.53719 at cs.auckland.ac.nz> you write:
FIDO U2F, of which Yubikey is an implementation, is an interesting
hack.  It's a USB dongle that pretends to be a keyboard.  That means
it works on any device into which you can plug a real USB keyboard,
which is a lot of devices.  It's an open spec, so there are multiple
manufacturers.  I have both a couple of yubikeys and a couple from
some French company that was cheaper.
There is an NFC version that's supposed to work with phones, which I
haven't tried.  Reports say they don't work as well, dunno why not
although an obvious reason is that the NFC interface is less well
debugged if you're not using it to pretend to be a contactless credit

@_date: 2017-09-12 20:13:37
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Chrome & Firefox protecting users against 
No kidding.
That part is understandable -- they rolled up a lot of formerly
independent CAs, and kept all their names so customers could
keep the same authority name in the cert when they renewed.

@_date: 2017-09-12 21:51:06
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] After Equifax pwning, 
In article <13702759.1bt7j2b2zW at lovemachine> you write:
Because it was never supposed to be a national ID.  SSNs were invented
in the 1930s when Social Security was invented, as an account number
to track people's contributions and benefits.  Back in the 1930s,
account numbers were not common.  The minority of people who paid
income tax put their names at the top of their form 1040.  Your bank
account had your name, not a number.  (Account numbers arrived in the
1950s when the Bank of America started automated check sorting.)  Unfortunately for us, the people who designed the account system for
the Social Security Administration did a really good job, and even
though it's 80 years later, the numbering system is still adequate for
its original purpose, and as we have seen sort of adequate for way too
many other purposes with which it has been overloaded.
It seems to me that the worse abuse of the SSN is the fiction that it
is secret, and so anyone who presents your SSN must be you.  I'd pass
a law that says that any account or transaction or database
authenticated only or primarily with an SSN is presumed fraudulent and
uncollectable.  This specifically includes credit bureaus.
As far as a better national ID, there are lots of countries with
national IDs, some of which work better than others.  You might start
by looking at Estonia which is small and sophisticated, and India
which is huge.

@_date: 2017-09-12 21:53:21
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Chrome & Firefox protecting users against 
In article  you write:
Uh, nothing personal, but this is nonsense.  Really, all of the brands
are formerly independent ones that they acquired.  I got a Thawte cert back in the 1990s when Thawte was a small company
with HQ in South Africa and a small US office in North Carolina, with
whom I had lengthy discussions about what documentation they neded to
issue my DV cert.

@_date: 2017-09-13 02:07:26
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] After Equifax pwning, 
In article ,
No, the American SSN does not have a check digit, something they'd
certainly do differently if they were designing it now.  When you
consider that there are 300,000,000 Americans, you can't give them all
different numbers if you only have 8 digits to work with.  (Nine
digits is plenty for 35 million Canadians.)
Here is more than you wanted to know about SSN formats:
And some hacks for recognizing obviously invalid ones:
It used to be possible to tell roughly when and where an SSN was
issued, but since 2011 they've been assigned randomly from the
available pool.

@_date: 2017-09-14 01:50:59
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] letsencrypt.org 
In article <7A0B3B61-DDBF-4B96-ABE5-0CA761806905 at dukhovni.org> you write:
This is the crux of the matter.  Everything that is wrong with LE is
also wrong with the other DV providers, and LE is cheaper and appears
quite competent.
I stuff the LE verification records into my DNS toaster, so I have
certs not just for web sites but also for my SMTP clients and POP and
IMAP servers, all renewed automatically as needed.  I use the acme.sh
shell script, and a tiny DNS update script I wrote.  Works great.
PS: It occurs to me that LE makes the case for DANE a lot weaker.

@_date: 2017-09-14 01:53:45
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] After Equifax pwning, 
In article  you write:
Don't confuse the SSN which is a number with a driver's license or
passport which is a physical token.  My DL and passport each have a
nine digit number which would be just as lousy a global ID as the SSN
PS: Yes, I know they send you a social security card, but it's just a
piece of cardboard with your name and number.

@_date: 2017-09-17 10:13:40
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] letsencrypt.org 
In article <20170914162618.GL31762 at io.lakedaemon.net> you write:
Same here.  The certs and keys go into a folder that belongs
to the acme user that apache can read.  There's a similar setup
for the smtp and imap and pop servers.
Well, yeah, that's how LE works.  It generates the keys and CSRs
automatically.  The user's files aren't readable by any other user and
it doesn't do anything but create and renew certs and doesn't allow
outside login so I don't see it as weaker than any other
software-based way to manage certs.

@_date: 2017-09-26 21:46:16
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] After Equifax pwning, 
In article  you write:
My preference is to say that any transaction validated with an SSN is
presumed fraudulent and is voidable on request.  Fines are hard, they
require courts and such.

@_date: 2017-09-26 21:50:05
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] what's an identity, was Crypto basic income 
In article  you write:
That should work fine, so long as you strangle one of any pair of identical twins at birth.
We have literally millenia of experience with various methods for
establishing identity.  A good start would be to review the literature
to understand what the actual issues and failure modes are.

@_date: 2017-09-27 21:50:13
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] After Equifax pwning, 
In article <903e4c2d1109f7df3eaf31489be3b614.squirrel at 10.6.6.5> you write:
That's the plan, to make it unacceptably risky to use the SSN to
authenticate non-trivial transactions.
My wallet already is full of cryptographic key cards.  They say things
like Paypass and ExpressPay and Clipper and PRESTO.
See

@_date: 2018-04-01 14:09:00
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Password entry protocols 
In article  you write:
Windows NT had a kernel feature that Ctrl-Alt-Del would pop up a
kernel login window, and there was no way for applications to hook
that key combination.  It seemed to have worked OK.
I agree that on phones with touch screens it's hard to think of
what an analogous kernel-only signal would be.

@_date: 2018-04-08 10:59:59
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] India Crypto Currency Ban 
In article  you write:
The RBI regulates all the banks in India, so this means that no Indian
bank can handle cryptocurrencies.  I expect this will shut down any
cryptocurrency exchanges in India since the banks, who do not want to
annoy their regulator, are unlikely to provide them with bank
Indian rupees are not widely traded outside India so this means that
if Indians want to buy or sell cryptocurrencies, they're back to the
pre-Mt.Gox situation of trying to find someone local who'll trade them
for cash.
Keep in mind that there are only about 10 million Bitcoin wallets in
the world, and I doubt as many as a million of them are in India.
There are over a billion people in India so we're talking about under
0.1% of the Indian population.  Also keep in mind that India is still
a poor country, where rural phone ladies rent mobile phones by the
call and data plans start at the equivalent of 15c for a few minutes
of data.  Even if cryptocurrencies were a good idea, which they
aren't, India doesn't have the infrastructure to use them other than
by rich people in cities.
Since the badly handled withdrawal of high value banknotes in November
2016 (I was there, same week as the US election) Indian banks have
pushed hard to provide conventional electronic payments with credit
and debit cards.  I was impresssed how many of the stalls at markets
had handheld card terminals.
I suppose it's fake news the way some politicians mean it, news that I
wish were not true.
The RBI is run by the Indian government, does not issue stock, and
since it is the central bank, has no competitors.  Were we saying
something about fake news?

@_date: 2018-08-01 23:20:16
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Krugman blockchain currency skepticism 
In article  you write:
Bitcoins only exist as long as there is an incentive for people to
mine them, and there are enough miners that users believe that the
miners aren't colluding and the ledger isn't being tampered with.
This means that unlike gold, if Bitcoin's value dropped to zero, the
Bitcoins would disappear.  We can argue how likely this is to happen,
probably a lot more for random alt-coins than for Bitcoin or Ethereum,
but it reminds us how fragile the edifice is.
PS: Krugman and I were college roommates but it's been a while since
we've been in touch.

@_date: 2018-08-05 11:01:31
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] threat models, 
The more I read this stuff, the more I think people really need to tell
us what their threat models are.
In article  you write:
If you're OK with a centralized system with tethered assets, why don't
you use Paypal?  Internal transactions are fast and free, value is
firmly tethered and exchangable into banks all over the world.  Before
arguing that they're not trustworthy, please compare the number of
people who trust Paypal to do their transactions (on the order of 200
million) with those who use any sort of cryptocurrency.  Why are they
all wrong?
That worked OK in the 1700s but there's probably reasons we've moved
beyond it.  But again, what's your threat model?  Do you assume these
are recorded on some sort of distributed consensus blockchain?  If so,
who runs it, and why do you trust them?  (The answer isn't "nobody",
someone's doing the mining or equivalent.)  If an issuer doesn't
redeem a bill, what recourse do you have other than to denounce him?
Can anyone be an issuer?  If so, why can't I issue bills each good for
a kilo of unobtainium and run away with the money?

@_date: 2018-08-05 20:16:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] what application creates single-use coded email 
In article  you write:
He got AT&T to assign him the rights and tried to sell it as a service
called Zoemail.  There was a patent which was involved in a few lawsuits
but it's long expired now.

@_date: 2018-12-08 00:46:21
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What if Responsible Encryption Back-Doors Were 
In article  you write:
A lot of well known cryptographers disagree with you.  Assertions
without models and examples are unpersuasive.  Keep in mind that the
most important security issues are social, not technical.  Any escrow
system will have some way to accept requests from courts or cops or
whoever and either grant them and provide access or not.  The security
depends on the least honest, least competent, most venal, most
corrupt, and most confused people involved in that process.
Wow, that must be the non-sequitur of the month.
I have heard estimates that as much as 20% of all of the bitcoins ever
mined are gone permanently because people have lost the wallet keys.
Perhaps I'm suffering from a failure of imagination but I cannot see
what that could have to do with key escrow or key recovery.

@_date: 2018-02-01 15:16:21
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] canonicalizing unicode strings. 
In article <20180201170839.GL10954 at localhost> you write:
Well, maybe.  Some scripts are mixed in the real world, e.g. kanji,
hiragana, katakana, latin, are mixed all the time in Japan and people
know how to deal with them.  But Indic scripts like Devangari have
extremely complex layout rules, and I would not want to guess what
something which was half Devangari and half Arabic would look like, or
how I would enter it.
Also keep in mind that for anything much more complex than accented
latin, the way you enter something on a keyboard and the Unicode that
you end up with often have little or nothing to do with each other.
For Chinese, people type ASCII pinyin and the input method picks the
characters, choosing among homophones by context or by popping up a
menu and asking.  (This includes people who know no English, but they
know enough of the sounds to type the pinyin.)  If my identifier or
password was half Chinese and half something else, I doubt that I
would enter it the same way on my laptop and my phone, or on an
Android and an iPhone, which would make it a pretty poor identifier.
This really is a well studied topic.  Anyone who cares about it should
go do some homework and let us know how people who've dealt with this
problem in the past have done.  I know what the answer for the DNS is,
NFC and IDNA and scripts and language tables, but the DNS is an
unusually sparse kind of identifier.

@_date: 2018-02-01 19:10:56
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] canonicalizing unicode strings. 
In article <20180201221020.GM10954 at localhost> you write:
If it were me, I would have script mixing rules, and if people
familiar with those scripts said they were OK to mix, I'd mark them as
OK to mix.
Surely we don't have to rehash all the reasons why user education
about security issues is an oxymoron.  If they're not going to be able
to enter their password reliably, do them a favor and make them choose
a different one.

@_date: 2018-02-06 18:53:23
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RISC-V branch predicting 
In article <8FAA204A-D24D-48B4-AFD3-A7692C416846 at me.com> you write:
Back when VLIW was young, the Multiflow compiler could use runtime
stats from previous runs when recompiling.  Since VLIW is all about
speculative execution, it made a lot of difference.  But in practice
people didn't like it, didn't want to do it, and voted with their feet
to move to machines where you didn't have to do that.
It is my impression that it is hard enough to get adequate test cases
to test the correctness of libraries.  If we were supposed to get test
cases that weren't just minimal exercises of the code but realistic
uses, how likely is it that people would really do that?  For
libraries doing heavy computation with runs of hours or days, sure,
but how about something like crypto libraries?  Maybe certificate
handshakes and channel encryption take enough time to be worth
profiling and optimizing, but who's going to collect the data and pay
people to do it?

@_date: 2018-02-08 14:25:22
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] PoW is the worst way to do a BlockChain, 
In article  you write:
I hope this doesn't come as a big surprise, but that's not how cabals
While we're at it, how much longer until Tether implodes?  It is increasingly
implausible that Tether's reserves really exist, but very plausible that
un-reserved Tether explain a lot of the runup in Bitcoin prices:
(This guy isn't a random crank, he's a crank who teaches at U.C. Berkeley.)
And more about Bitfinex, the company behind Tether:
(This guy is a random crank, but a very well informed one.)

@_date: 2018-02-12 13:27:06
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
In article  you write:
This is a WKBI.  The original proof of work idea to deter spam was
Dwork and Naor's Pennyblack in 1992.  While it was certainly clever,
it didn't work and doesn't work.  I ran into Dwork at a conference
some years later and she agreed that it's too easy to circumvent.
Ben Laurie and Richard Clayton hammered stakes through it
in 2004, but nothing of importance has changed since then.

@_date: 2018-02-12 19:42:53
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
In article  you write:
Well Known Bad Idea
That's one way to circumvent it.  Didn't you read the paper I
referenced in the message you were responding to?

@_date: 2018-02-13 17:28:24
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] (Ir)responsible encryption 
Via Dave Farber and Richard Forno, a new paper by Riana Pfefferkorn at
Stanford tries to figure out what the FBI et al. mean by "Responsible Encryption".
Needless to say, whatever it is, she doesn't think it's a good idea.

@_date: 2018-02-19 02:49:50
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
In article <6012d900-c6d6-4fc4-b0c0-ef7068a0c4ea at echeque.com> you write:
That is another WKBI, one with an expired patent.
When Satoshi first sent out mail announcing Bitcoin, he said you could
use it for spam filtering.  He may have been (still be?) a fine
cryptographer but it was a WKBI even then.

@_date: 2018-02-22 13:01:17
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
In article  you write:
The best known one is 6,697,462
Not expired: 7,072,943
Look them up on Google Patents and click cited by to see a lot of
other applications on similar things.

@_date: 2018-02-24 17:58:41
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A festival of WKBIs, 
In article  you write:
This particular WKBI has failed many times before.  One of the higher
profile failures was Boxbe, which tried to do exactly that, and failed
due to a combination of patent trolling and the reality that the
number of people who imagine that they are important enough to pay to
contact exceeds by many orders of magnitude the number who really are.
Furthermore, if you are an actual important person, auctioning
attention is a really lousy way to weed out time wasting bores.
That's why they have secretaries to screen their calls.
There's another one called Bitbounce, same idea of pay crypto coins to
contact me.  It keeps showing up on mailing lists as nitwits join,
sign up for mailing lists, and it indiscriminately spams anyone who
writes to them.  Boxbe is still around but they are now doing
something else.
This might be a good time to flog my 2004 paper on why e-postage can
never work.  Some of the numbers need another zero or two, but nothing
of importance has changed.
I have a new proposal: any time someone proposes a new FUSSP, he has
to post a $1000 bond that is forfeited to the first person who reports
where it's failed before or where it's been patented.  This is pure
self-interest; after a year or two I'll be able to buy an island and
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Please consider the environment before reading this e-mail.

@_date: 2018-02-24 18:07:22
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] the people's money, not, 
In article  you write:
Uh huh.  I did a back of the envelope calculation about how many
people you can pay with Bitcoin compared to how many you can pay other

@_date: 2018-02-27 14:53:19
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paid SMTP (PSMTP) 
In article  you write:
I certainly have to admire the chutzpah of someone who, having seen
that this idea has failed every single time it's been tried over the
past 20 years, wants to do it again.  (And, sorry, no, there's nothing
very different about it this time around.)
Here's a few questions:
* What is the overall capacity of your scheme?  If it's under 10,000
messsages/sec you're not serious.  100K/sec would be better.  When
making your estimates, assume that the mail is 90% spam, and the spam
will all have bogus stamps pointing at empty wallets, so you'll have
to do the check but there's no money to be collected.
* The vast majority of non-spam mail is sent in bulk, some through
discussion lists like this one, some transactional info such as
receipts, shipping notices, and bank statements, quite a lot of
marketing stuff that people have said they'll accept.  Assuming that
the list owner is not a philanthropist willing to pay to subsidize his
habit, how do you tell your mail system to waive the fee for the bulk
mail you want?  How do you unwaive it?  How do you do it in a way that
Hacker X can't claim you just subscribed to his list and waive
everything and you don't notice until your mailbox is full of his
* Hacker X broke into grandma's account and sent $100 of spam.  Does
grandma pay the $100?  If not, who decides?  If so, why would grandma
want to do this?
* Spammer Y claims that Hacker X broke into his account and sent $100
of spam. but he's lying.  Does he pay?  How do you tell the difference
between him and grandma?
* There are roughly three billion e-mail users in the world.  How do
you plan to set up accounts for all of them and sell them all stamps?
A large fraction, perhaps now the majority, of mail users are on mail
systems like Gmail and Yahoo and Netease that have no financial
relationship with their users and do not want one.
* Some people are much richer than others.  For example, when I had a
phone SIM in India, the data plans started at 10 rupees, about 15c US,
and plenty of people bought that plan to check crop prices and maybe a
handful of messages.  How do you set a price that's affordable for
people in the developing world while not rounding to zero in the rich
Once you've figured these out, we have lots more questions to ask.
PS:  By the way, I'm on the committee that runs the IETF's finances
and I can say pretty confidently that we're not interested.

@_date: 2018-02-27 20:17:36
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoins and lobbyists 
In article  you write:
It certainly makes it trivial to track payments to wallets, give or
take laundering your bitcoins through tumblers.  So I've made a
breakthrough, and here are the identities of Roy Moore's top five
What am I missing here?

@_date: 2018-02-27 20:30:20
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paid SMTP (FUSSP) 
In article  you write:
It's been signing your mail for years.  Here's one of the headers in your message:
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=niftyegg-com.20150623.gappssmtp.com;
   s=20150623; h=mime-version:in-reply-to:references:from:date:message-id:subject:to
   :cc; bh=elnnTefLiFiuY7kxvuFs/nU3PYN6heETTedSyDn0Rt8=;
   b=lp9Ehmveisb1+BaEfVLi+7J/k7w8OInj+6Ok3qvZulGvx/zDvinv8PwVuLIbMMqApu
   gH09M++iXXzcYKaI+QKFHQjaBAldgDSr3ULN5i6L/wXDIaJlXgKBFw5/gm0YvWKgv7pT
   +Xlg2+NAhh+oU2EG4bd24VdCOwhIn9QQB9MRIanNhURa6JEQyQFWG8JypbevjRJbafLD
   qFRHTFFTly/iq6p+NLJIG4oImuETfvS+TMFdETpHpYdb1tLynjsf5EyAT3Nxvhz3
Oops, we're into FUSSP territory here.  Lots of people have had the
idea that we can divide senders into good ones and bad ones and only
accept mail from the good ones, thereby replacing the spam problem
with the introduction problem.  It doesn't work.  For one thing, the
introduction problem turns out to be really hard, for another, the
ability to send e-mail to a stranger is not a bug.
This might be a good time to think about S/MIME and PGP, both of which
offer per-mailbox signatures, and both of which have failed to gain
more than niche usage in 20 years despite being built into most MUAs.

@_date: 2018-02-27 21:06:06
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoins and lobbyists 
In article  you write:
If someone makes even a modest effort to cover his tracks, tying a
bitcoin wallet to an identity is far from simple.  I don't see it
as an improvement.

@_date: 2018-02-28 12:53:01
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paid SMTP (PSMTP) 
In article  you write:
Oh, sorry, I misunderstood.  If you want a tiny walled garden for
crypto nerds, sure, go ahead.
But you might want to look at Bitbounce, an extremely annoying venture
funded version of this WKBI.

@_date: 2018-02-28 14:02:24
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cellebrite claims it can unlock any iPhone 
Via Dave Farber and Bruce Schneier, a Forbes article says they
can unlock an iPhone X.

@_date: 2018-02-28 21:34:43
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] WSJ.com: SEC Launches Cryptocurrency Probe 
[in today's online WSJ, probably tomorrow's paper WSJ]
SEC Launches Cryptocurrency Probe
Regulator issues subpoenas to parties engaged in booming market for initial coin
The Securities and Exchange Commission has issued dozens of subpoenas and
information requests to technology companies and advisers involved in the
red-hot market for cryptocurrencies, according to people familiar with the
The sweeping probe significantly ratchets up the regulatory pressure on the
multibillion-dollar U.S. market for raising funds in cryptocurrencies. It
follows a series of warning shots from the top U.S. securities regulator
suggesting that many token sales, or initial coin offerings, may be violating
securities laws. ...

@_date: 2018-01-05 10:17:21
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Speculation considered harmful? 
In article  you write:
No kidding.  We were having more or less this same discussion thirty
years ago, with people saying, well, we just have to figure out how
to parallelize everything.  We're still figuring, and Amdahl's law,
which dates from 1967, still applies.
Node's programming model is not exactly new.  It's the one that the
SAGE system used on vacuum tube computers in the 1950s, reused with
great success in the early 1960s in the SABRE air reservations system
on IBM 7094s, and used ever since in transaction monitors like TPF and

@_date: 2018-01-08 06:35:36
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Speculation considered harmful? 
In article <7f4174cb-b842-1314-587a-dd32711a81bf at symas.com> you write:
There is room for debate about what was wrong with Itanium.
I know the guys who invented VLIW.  It speculates all over the place,
with part of the idea being that some of the work the long
instructions do is thrown away if it turns out that it's on a path
that turns out not to be taken.  I have no idea whether its flavor of
speculation can be used for the same kind of attacks.

@_date: 2018-01-09 14:57:54
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Speculation considered harmful? 
In article  you write:
Gosh, it's fun to be snarky, but it'd help to learn something about the topic.
VLIW isn't just wide microcode.  It's a combination of wide
instructions with compilers that use aggessive techniques to keep the
hardware controlled by wide instructions busy.
No kidding.  Trace scheduling was first described in John Ellis'
thesis at Yale.  His advisor Josh Fisher took a bunch of other
students to start Multiflow.  The Multiflow computer worked pretty
well, up to some limits.  One of the things that trace scheduling did
was deep loop unrolling, often with multiple iterations of the loop in
flight at the same time.  It sometimes found that it was running code
a few iterations past the actual end of the loop that had to be
nullified, i.e., speculation.
They tried to avoid using caches and hardware memory bank scheduling
and instead schedule in software to make the memory hardware simpler.
They tried hard to predict statically which references would go to
which memory bank.  That turned out not to work very well, memory
access was less regular than they hoped, which led to bottlenecks
where they had to be conservative about what references might
interfere even though they usually didn't.  After Multiflow ran out of
money, the software was shopped around and people went to multiple
places leading directly to VLIW work at HP and Intel.
Later VLIWs threw more hardware at memory scheduling to avoid
bottlenecks, so I suppose it depends on the details of each implementation
to figure out whether trace scheduled speculation could be used for
side channels.

@_date: 2018-01-11 10:35:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Speculation considered harmful but soft 
In article <20180110160247.GC10954 at localhost> you write:
IBM has been doing this for decades on S/38 them AS/400 now called
something like Series i.  The underlying CPUs have completely changed,
but the binaries still work.  It's also how every Android phone works,
with the binaries in a java-like bytecode, and translated to native
form either when installed or when run.
I'm not saying this makes VLIW problems go away, but translating at
install time isn't a problem.

@_date: 2018-01-15 01:32:51
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] canonicalizing unicode strings. 
In article  you write:
Ooh, you've cracked open a large economy size can of worms.
Unicode has four defined normalization forms, all of which are broken
in some way:
I'd guess you want to use form KC but without knowing more about your
application, it's just a guess.

@_date: 2018-01-15 02:17:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] canonicalizing unicode strings. 
In article <0eecd4c2-e418-2c21-ad29-2010dc865b67 at sonic.net> you write:
Most popular web browsers do.  Domain names in mixed scripts get shown as punycode:
I realize this is nothing close to a complete solution but it defends against
microsoft with a Russian "o" and the like.

@_date: 2018-01-15 22:30:30
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] canonicalizing unicode strings. 
In article <20180115161208.GA2547 at fedora-23-dvm> you write:
I think the normal approach is to accept strings only in a single
script.  Mixed scripts are generally malicious in any sort of
identifier context.

@_date: 2018-01-16 21:00:35
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] canonicalizing unicode strings. 
In article  you write:
It's a set of characters used to write one or more languages.  Unicode
defines about 100 of them.  Familiar examples are Latin, Greek,
Cyrillic, and Han (simplified.)  More details here:
I think the meta-lesson here is that if you want do do something with
Unicode, you really have to spend a few minutes learning how it works,

@_date: 2018-01-18 21:24:16
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Happy birthday, Edgar Allan Poe! 
In article  you write:
Good lord, it was written in 1843.  Even with the current absurd
copyright laws, anything published before 1923 is in the public
It's a short story, not a book, originally published in a magazine.
Here's a nice copy from 1889 in a collection of stories:

@_date: 2018-01-30 12:18:08
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] canonicalizing unicode strings. 
In article  you write:
No *it, Sherlock.
Unicode is a language for typesetting.  Their goal is that any text in
any living language and most dead ones can be represented as Unicode
characters, and any computer system with suitable fonts and rendering
software can display that text.  But it is a non-goal that there be a
unique Unicode representation of any particular text.  Unicode is full
of homoglyphs, different characters or character groups that display
exactly the same way, and semantic homoglyphs, characters that don't
look the same but that readers would consider equivalent, e.g.,
traditional and simplified Chinese.  You can go down endless ratholes
for languages such as Serbian and Belarusian that are written in both
Latin and Cyrilic, and whether the same word written in different
scripts is "the same".
This makes Unicode a lousy base to use for identifiers and passwords,
but it's what the world uses, so we make the best of it.  The Unicode
consortium and the IETF and ICANN have been working for over a decade
to try and figure out how to define usable Unicode subsets for
identifiers.  It's really hard, and I doubt anyone here will have any
deep insights that a dozen people other places haven't already had.
I blogged on this topic a few days ago here:

@_date: 2018-01-30 22:01:48
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] canonicalizing unicode strings. 
In article <20180131000626.GI10954 at localhost> you write:
I think we agree here.  Human language is complex, anything that
adequately represents it isn't going to be much less complex than
You could have a design that was less enthusiastic about multiple ways
to represent the exact same character, e.g., one with only precomposed
versions, or one with no precomposed versions.  But as we agree, we've
got what we've got.
Right, the models for passwords and identifiers are different.  For an
identifier, you want everyone who sees it printed on a business card
or on a bus to be able to enter it, while for passwords it's only one
person so it's a matter of remember what you did so you can do it
again.  There's no reason to think that the script rules for DNS IDNs
would be appropriate for any other context.*
* although I sure have spent a lot of time telling people, no, that's
not going to be used as DNS name, you don't want to try to turn it
into punycode.

@_date: 2018-01-31 12:06:21
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] canonicalizing unicode strings. 
In article <51df1b45-fca4-7b29-0231-126f0060257c at echeque.com>,
It doesn't sound like you have much experience with practical i18n
usage.  While I agree that it would not be a great idea to limit all
your passwords to, say only Cyrillic or only Han, saying that any
particular password has to be in a single script or single language is
fine.  Keyboards are configured for a language and switching languages
in the middle of a word is hard since you have to tell your keyboard
to switch its configuration.
Given that people have been working on i18n for many decades, you
might consider how likely it is that you are the first person in the
history of the Internet to run into this issue, and whether there
might be some reason that a giant list of canonicalized homoglyphs
would not be the best way to solve it.

@_date: 2018-06-02 16:27:32
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Security model of blockchains ? 
In article  you write:
Thanks, that was the sort of thing I was looking for, assumptions in
the security model that may not be true, and bad things happen if they
are indeed not true.
It is my impression that blockchains generally assume a flat mostly
reliable connection among nodes.  This paper says that 13 ISPs host
30% of the whole Bitcoin network, and 60% of connections cross three
ISPs.  I wonder who and where those three are.

@_date: 2018-03-01 12:17:36
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Paid SMTP (FUSSP) 
In article  you write:
I admire your enthusiasm, but not your realism.  See
Sorry to burst your bubble, but for a decade I have been going to
conferences where Google, Microsoft, Apple, Yahoo, etc. talk about
spam and related security issues.  I am reasonably confident that they
are as uninterested in this FUSSP as the IETF is.

@_date: 2018-03-02 14:03:59
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How fast can a blockchain go ? 
Sort of apropos of recent discussions, what sort of performance are
people getting out of blockchains, both transaction rates and latency?
I realize there are designs with intermediaries that aggregate
transactions but if you have to depend on the intermediary you might
as well depend on someone running something fast like DB2.
Bitcoin is presumably the worst case, 10 tps and latency of 20 minutes
to an hour or more if you want to be sure your transactions are

@_date: 2018-03-07 13:24:22
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How fast can a blockchain go ? like Zilliqa? 
In article  you write:
That's Bitcoin.  You can certainly wave your hands and imagine a
scheme where blocks are added faster if they are full of transactions or
something like that.
I see a fair amount of press for something called Zilliqa which
purports to create a high speed blockchain by sharding the chain
somehow.  On the one hand, they've published a fair amount about it,
very little of which I have read.  On the other hand, it's bristling
with snake oil red flags like an ICO where they say everyone has
gotten rich, and a warning banner across their web site saying to
beware of scams and imitations.
Anyone know them?  I don't recognize any of the team on their web site
but they appear to be mostly in Singapore.
Considering that any program large enough to be interesting is large enough
to have bugs, I can hardly wait.

@_date: 2018-03-10 00:04:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Typesetting vs. identifiers, 
In article <20180310003710.GC3057 at localhost> you write:
Right.  The original and I think still primary goal of Unicode is to
be a typesetting language.  It does that quite well.  I can compose a
message on my phone with, say, emoji of a princess with medium dark
skin waving an Italian flag, and it'll display on a wide range of
devices as recognizable princess and flag.  It is also true that emoji
make horrible identifiers since princess and girl emoji look almost
the same, and adjacent skin tones (there are five) look almost the
same and if you have lousy color vision, Italian and Irish flags look
almost the same.  All this means is that the set of Unicode strings
suitable for identifiers is much, much smaller than the set of all
Unicode strings.
Also right.  If you bother to learn about normalization and IDNA and
PRECIS and label generation rules, you can come up with usable subsets
of Unicode for identifiers.  It's not perfect as the Krebs article
rediscovered; you can't totally avoid homoglyphs, but that is not new
(MICR0SOFT and paypaI) and there are ways to mitigate the damage.
Unfortunately, as we saw in recent exchanges here, some people want
Unicode to be easy ("just give me a list of homoglyphs") and in the
DNS world, there are perverse incentives to sell as many 2LDs as
possible, regardless of how unsuitable they are as identifiers.

@_date: 2018-03-10 18:08:57
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] On those spoofed domain names... 
In article  you write:
To put it mildly, this is not exactly a new idea.  You might want to
read up on terms like normalization and variants and IDNA to see how
not-new it is.
What people who have actually tried it have found it is that it only
gets you so far, because there is a strong cultural aspect to whether
things look alike.  For example, to someone who speaks English, the
letters O and  look similar, but if you speak Danish or Norwegian
they're completely different.  On the other hand, to an English
speaker, 246 and  look very different, but if you speak Chinese,
they're pretty much interchangable.  This doesn't even scratch the
surface of the messes that arise when you have left-to-right and
right-to-left scripts and try to combine them.

@_date: 2018-03-19 16:48:44
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Typesetting vs. identifiers, 
In article <20180319155456.GA7255 at localhost> you write:
and profiles].
I do not think that is true.  Look at the way that characters are
composed in many Asian languages and you quickly run into an
exponential explosion of things to compare to see if they look the
same, and sameness that changes depending on the typefaces you're
The point of scripts and language profiles is that people have a
pretty good intuition of what characters a language uses and how you
can combine them and still make sense.  Also remember that input
methods are not standardized, the way you switch scripts in the middle
of a word really really isn't standardized even where it's possible,
and a name isn't very useful if you can't figure out how to type it.

@_date: 2018-05-08 21:51:42
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] secure authentication ... as opposed to passwords 
In article  you write:
Every study I have ever seen says that typical users do not understand
a model where one part of the screen is semantically different from
another.  If it looks like a lock they'll assume it's secure (whatever
"secure" means this week.)  If it looks like a password box, they'll
type a password into it.
I can imagine approaches like a dongle with a totally non-programmable
UI (my bank has sent me a few of those) but they are all expensive and
usually harder to use than the familiar but not very secure schemes.

@_date: 2018-05-28 11:58:51
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Security model of blockchains ? 
Have there been any good papers on the security model of blockchains?
I'm thinking of stuff like collusion, network partitioning, miners
losing interest or being bribed, and of course latent software bugs.
In some cases it's not obvious to me how you'd even tell that an
attack was happening until much later.
Any references appreciated.

@_date: 2018-11-02 07:44:48
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Ten years ago today 
In article <0c2130cf-5bd2-117c-5479-066433d99699 at sonic.net> you write:
Same here.  Someone asked what it's good for, Satoshi said you could
use it to do spam filtering.  I said, no you can't (spam filtering by
e-postage is a Well Known Bad Idea), assumed it was yet another crock
and didn't pay further attention.
About a decade later I bought some bitcoins from a vending machine and
then paid for a coffee at a shop near the Vancouver IETF just to see
if I could.

@_date: 2018-11-11 18:32:46
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Seeking recommendations for a dedicated 
In article <20181110110839.5qz2o3s4cqktp33o at h-174-65.A328.priv.bahnhof.se> you write:
Hetzner certainly has happy customers, but they do an unusually poor
job of managing the mail that their customers send, so if you expect
to send mail from your VPS you may be disappointed.  If the mail's
just being submitted to another mail service for relay it should be
fine.  OVH in France has similar problems.
I've been using a smallish provider in Pennsylvania called Tektonic.
 My interaction with them has all been via support
tickets, but they reliably respond promptly and competently.  If you want
IPv6, they have it.

@_date: 2018-11-29 16:40:14
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What if Responsible Encryption Back-Doors Were 
On the Lawfare blog, an interesting piece by Josh Benaloah here.
If you are tempted to respond, please read the whole thing first.  In
particular, do not waste everyone's time by replying "but they're not!"
We know that.

@_date: 2018-10-31 18:07:40
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Ten years ago today 
Ten years ago today Satoshi Namamoto sent a note to this list about his new P2P
ecash proposal.  Whatever happened to it?

@_date: 2018-09-23 22:14:14
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Elixxir 
In article  you write:
There's a 20 page white paper on their web site:
My crypto fu isn't good enough to know if there are glaring holes in
the design.  Since it's Chaum I presume he knows what he's doing, but
there's a fair amount of hand waving in the white paper.

@_date: 2019-08-02 17:35:34
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to convince web site to use HTTPS ? 
In article  you write:
Chrome has flagged http sites as "Not Secure" for the past year.  I
believe that other browser makers plan to do the same, and it's only
a matter of time until non-https sites get the kind of scary warnings
you now get from sites with the wrong certificate.
If they don't care if anyone uses their site, sure, stick with http.
Otherwise, pay the $0.00 to Let's Encrypt.

@_date: 2019-08-03 22:11:43
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to convince web site to use HTTPS ? 
In article <6f6c0ae7d40dc2c08dd56b37eac7016d.squirrel at clueserver.org> you write:
This is overclever.  I expect that the response of the people who
don't want to use https would be that we're a tiny little site,
nobody's going to all that effort just to hack us.  And they would be
I think the point that many browsers say NOT SECURE and are planning
to say worse is likely to be more persuasive.  I also agree with the
comment that he should figure out what the problem really is, wrong
assumptions about cost (a remarkable number of people still believe
that SSL certs cost $100), somnolent web developers, or whatever.

@_date: 2019-08-06 17:50:05
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Our leader opines on cryptocurrencies 
In article  you write:
Things would be different if there were a public ledger of every
transaction of every $1 note.
For bitcoins, that happened years ago.

@_date: 2019-08-17 09:41:15
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Let's not talk about DoH, or Well, 
In article  you write:
For anyone who hasn't been paying attention, DoH is an incredible can
of worms.  Yes, it protects your DNS query stream against snooping,
but you can get that much more cheaply with DNS over TLS or DoT,
described in RFC 8310.
Although there are some uncontroversial uses of DoH (e.g. letting
Javascript apps look up TXT and NAPTR records) its main point is to
hide the DNS traffic in HTTPS traffic and circumvent networks' DNS
filters.  If you believe that network managers are all malicious, a
surprisingly popular viewpoint in the IETF, this is good.  Those of us
who use DNS filters to keep our users away from malware droppers and
botnet command and control hosts, and use split horizon DNS so our
users can use local network resources, find it not good at all.
Where there are politically mandated DNS filters, e.g., the ones in
Quebec against gambling sites that compete with the provincial lotto,
even though it's technically easy to circumvent them, most people
don't.  If the policitians hear that a lot of people are circumventing
them via DoH, we can expect the filters to get a lot more intrusive,
not just using DNS, with a lot more collateral damage.  Be careful
what you wish for.
These two factions have been arguing past each other for at least a year
with no resolution in sight.  The arguments have nothing to do with the
technology of DoH, which is trivial, but with the politics of who controls
what gets onto whose networks.
This has nothing to do with cryptography, so let's not talk about it

@_date: 2019-08-18 12:09:50
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [FORGED] Re:  Let's not talk about DoH, or Well, 
[[ probably not for publication ]]
If I thought there were any hope of a productive conversation, I would agree
with you.  But everywhere else it's one side shouting "CENSORSHIP IS BAD" and
the other side is shouting "SECURITY IS GOOD" and I don't see any reason
it would be different here, probably worse given the high density of
highly opinionated but painfully naive crypto libertarians here.
Both sides' opening statements are correct, but the conversation
rapidly goes downhill from there.

@_date: 2019-12-06 10:46:48
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] that endangered species, the email mitm, 
In article <1a5686c7-a505-fcc2-76e0-41974abee636 at iang.org> you write:
This was a pretty low-tech MITM. Bad guy broke into one of the
parties' mail server, which remains depressingly easy, saw a
transaction in progress, then registered fake lookalike domains for
the two parties, sent an intro message from each fake domain to the
other real domain, and then did a totally manual MITM editing and
forwarding messages back and forth.
To a large degree this is due to the security hostile, excuse me, user
friendly design of most user mail programs.  They don't show you the
actual From: address on the message, only the comment which is
supposed to be the author's name but can actually be anything.  No
amount of crypto magic will help if the identifer in UI shows you a random string totally controlled by the potentially hostile party.
Also, as it points out in the last paragraph, if you send a million
dollar wire transfer without verifying that the recipient is who you
think it is, what do you expect will happen?
FYI, this lookalike domain trick is a totally standard spear phishing
technique.  Sometimes they break in, sometimes they just poke around a
business' online info to guess who a supplier or customer would be.
The variation is more often substituting rn for m but it hardly
matters since people aren't very good at spotting minor variations
from what they're expecting.
PS: We are in the process of selling a house and every single message
from the broker says bottom never to accept payment
instructions by e-mail.

@_date: 2019-02-07 11:49:30
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Schneier in Wired: There's No Good Reason to Trust 
Nothing particularly new here, just reminding us why whatever problems
public blockchains solve, they are not problems you have.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Please consider the environment before reading this e-mail. h/t to Dave Farber's IP list

@_date: 2019-02-27 22:48:20
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] In the event of my death, master password 
In article <90699fc4-f672-7620-6754-51ec2c2a9a7b at a2zliving.com> you write:
On a piece of paper in the same file with his will.

@_date: 2019-02-28 15:55:23
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] In the event of my death, master password 
[[ pretty off topic ]]
In article  you write:
You don't want to put them in the safe deposit box.  As soon as the bank hears that
the owner's died, the process of getting into the box becomes much more difficult.
My will is in a folder in the desk in the kitchen.
Oh, like this guy:

@_date: 2019-01-11 15:41:09
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Government shutdown: TLS certificates not 
In article <1547196841482.423 at cs.auckland.ac.nz> you write:
You don't have to remind us how awful the interface is for human users of PKI.
For anyone on this list, it's easy enough to do the magic clicks to
get the cert and look at the dates, then decide whether it looks like
an oversight that expired three days ago or an abandoned site with a
Verisign cert from 2013.
But now explain that to my generic non-technical user, my perfectly
smart 82 year old mother-in-law.  I think I could get as far as "it's
probably OK if it was OK last week and nothing else has changed", but
there's no way she's going to be squinting at cert internals.
Given that, while the article's advice is technically confused (of
course the traffic is still encrypted), the general message not to
trust stale certs is reasonable.

@_date: 2019-01-22 18:40:53
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The Voynich Manuscript as a product of a mental 
In article <20190121214938.GB24508 at tau1.ceti.pl> you write:
A reasonable question, but the answer only has to be "more than
never."  As far as we know, there is nothing else like this
manuscript, so whatever confluence of factors produced it has to be
possible, but need not be, indeed should not be, likely.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Please consider the environment before reading this e-mail. PS: if you think of it as a written version of ecstatic religious
speaking in tongues, that happens all the time.

@_date: 2019-01-25 15:10:32
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Tendrils of Crime: Visualizing the Diffusion of 
Ross Anderson and two of his Cambridge grad students have built an
interactive visualization tool to see where stolen bitcoins go.
Preprint here:
Best viewed on something where you can see the color in the illustrations.
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Please consider the environment before reading this e-mail.

@_date: 2019-07-06 18:55:54
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] DDoS'ing PGP keys 
In article  you write:
As I understand it, the attack simply involves adding thousands of
junk signatures to a key and uploading it to an SKS server.
GPG croaks when it tries to process the key.  I can understand why
that might have been a problem in 1990 when a megabyte was a lot of
memory, but now that the minimal increment is a gigabyte, it suggests
unfortunate things about GPG's testing and code quality.
There's apparently a separate issue that the SKS software is 15 year
old abandonware written in boutique language OCaml, and there's nobody
around (including the original author) with the time and skill to
change it to defend against the junk signatures.

@_date: 2019-07-12 10:29:21
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Our leader opines on cryptocurrencies 
In this twitter thread:
Now I may have to rethink the whole thing.

@_date: 2019-07-15 11:54:45
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Our leader opines on cryptocurrencies 
In article  you write:
Sheesh.  If he wants to exploit his position to make money, he has far
easier ways to do so.  Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.

@_date: 2019-07-20 00:56:49
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Our leader opines on cryptocurrencies 
In article  you write:
I fear that some people may be a little weak on scale issues.  There is about $1.7 trillion
in US cash in circulation, and about $14 trillion in bank deposits.  I will eat my hat if
Libra ever has a total cap of $10 billion, which would be 0.08% of US bank deposits.
Master Card can process 38,000 transactions per second, and Visa about
the same.  Good luck doing that with a blockchain, even a closed
non-PoW one.
I can imagine a variety of reaons that Libra is a bad idea, but wholesale replacement
of the USD is not one of them.

@_date: 2019-07-21 11:22:11
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Our leader opines on cryptocurrencies 
In article <38829639-1C0F-44B2-87A8-D32FB8277565 at callas.org> you write:
The Fed has a nice chart.  Historically, there were more $1 bills
(number of bills, not value) than anything else, followed by $20.  But
since 2017 there have been more $100 bills.  As of last year there were
13.4 billion $100 bills which are worth (mental arithmetic here) $1.34
trillion.  By general agreement, nearly all are outside the U.S., stuffed
into mattresses or used to make unreported payments.
The vast pile of unused dollar coins is another story.  No other
industrialized country issues paper notes worth as little as $1, and
tney replace notes with coins as values inflate.  The smallest note is
typically worth about $5.  Japan and Switzerland issue 1000Y and 10f
notes worth about $10 and use 500Y and 5f coins.
A US $1 note is worth 1/10 of what it was in 1950, and the vending
machine industry has long wanted smaller dollar coins that people
could uee in coin slots.  They were behind the Susan B Anthony $1 coin
which was sized so to make it easy to adapt vending machines.  People
thought it was too similar to a quarter so the mint invented the
Sacajawea dollar, turned it inside out so it was a different color
while still electrically the same to coin detectors, and removed the
ridges on the outside.  Then the Congress gave us the presidential $1
coins, four per year.  Through all this there was an assumption
(really a hope) that people would voluntarily use them, or Congress
would let the Fed stop printing $1 notes, neither of which happened,
so the presidential dollars piled up in warehouses.  The Congress
later relented somewhat and the rest of the presidentlal coins were
produced in small quantities, mostly for collectors.
The vending industry appears no longer to care.  Bill acceptors have
gotten a lot better, no doubt due to powerful microprocessors, and
many vending machines now let you tap a credit or debit card.  I like
dollar coins but people look at me funny when I use them.
PS: the vast oversupply of dollar coins led the mint to sell bags of
them mail order at face value, free shipping, charged to your credit
card, which led to arbitrage to collect credit card points.  Guys (it
was always guys) showed up at their banks with hand trucks of unopened
bags of coins to deposit.

@_date: 2019-07-21 11:50:43
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Our leader opines on cryptocurrencies 
In article  you write:
But as usual, the economic thing and the blockchain pixie dust have
nothing to do with each other.  If companies want to price
transactions in a basket of currencies, they can do it now, but they
don't because it's not worth the accounting hassle.  The IMF even has
a standard basket called a SDR which is used as a small part of their
Somewhat relevant side anecdote: in years past when interest rates
were higher, I had an account in a treasury bill mutual fund on which
I could write checks.  Unlike a money market fund, the price floated a
little bit each day as rates bounced around, so every time I wrote a
check, I had a small capital gain or loss.  It quickly became apparent
that the hassle and the risk of using it as a transaction account were
not worth the small interest premium over a money market fund.
If I were a large company, I would do each transaction in a single
accounting currency, and hedge the currency risk separately in the
vast and liquid forex market.  That's a lot easier to keep track of
and solves the same problem.
By the way, if blockchain fans want a really interesting application,
look at the forex market.  It dwarfs everything else at $5 trillion
per day, about 1/3 spot transactions and 2/3 various sorts of forwards
and options to be settled later which would seem ideal for smart
contracts.  It's all direct bank to bank, no central clearinghouses,
and the prices can be kind of opaque and open to manipulation.
Some banks are playing with this.  HSBC has a small scale private
blockchain experiment, per the following press release.  Keep in mind
that "billions of dollars" in the forex market is a rounding error.
Wikipedia says HSBC handle 4.6% of major forex currencies which would
be about $230 billion per day, so over more than a year, their
blockchain had handled one day's worth.

@_date: 2019-06-18 18:29:20
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] FT explains Facebook's Libra 
The Financial Times Alphaville column has a snarky but very well
informed take on Facebook's new electronic-money-like-thing Libra.
They say, and I agree, that it's actually an ETF (exchange traded
fund) with a light sprinkling of blockchain pixie dust to make it seem
cool.  Their long list of partners includes zero banks which is
significant, since without banks to hold the money that's supposed to
give it a stable value, it can't exist.
Libra also say bizarre things like it's a permissioned blockchain now
but they plan to make it permissionless in the future.
Lots more here:
If anyone can make sense of the Libra white paper and explain in any
more detail what it is, I'd be interested in hearing about it.

@_date: 2019-05-01 18:05:04
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Voynich article 
In article  you write:
Taylor and Francis want $43 to look at it, which is a little rich for
me.  Is there another way to see it?

@_date: 2019-05-08 00:14:41
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NIST announced Round 1 candidates for 
In article <17566EA7-61BC-4227-8114-ABF33B5E4FEF at kinostudios.com> you write:
This is a twitter feed for conspiracy theorists who claim that the WTC
buildings were blown up on 9/11 and the planes were just a distraction
or something.  Uh, OK, whatever.
This was a guard who thought that making meth in a lab after work was
a good idea.  He was arrested and quickly pled guilty:
What does this have to do with crypto?

@_date: 2019-05-08 13:31:56
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NIST announced Round 1 candidates for 
In article  you write:
We can take it as an axiom that adherents of any conspiracy theory
will insist that it's not a conspiracy theory, it's an important
suppressed truth.
I also don't think that the number of adherents tells us anything
about how credible it is.  I'm pretty sure there are way more than
3000 people who believe there's a child abuse ring headquartered
in the basement of a DC pizza place that doesn't have a basement,
or that the moon landings really happened in Arizona.
What does this have to do with crypto again?  I think it's unlikely
that anyone's likely to change their opinion of NIST anytime soon.

@_date: 2019-05-09 15:35:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] UpNP, or peering through NAT 
In article <62fb7735-0a04-b555-e37d-a6a662e12b25 at echeque.com> you write:
It's part of Universal Plug and Play, UPnP, which was invented by
Microsoft but is now ISO/IEC 29341 and is implemented in most SOHO
It is a famous security disaster for a variety of reasons.  Needless
to say, if relatively benign Bitcoin software can poke a hole in the
firewall and set up a port forward, so can botnet malware.  I turn it
off in all my routers. if I want port forwards, I configure them
I believe that one wins and one loses.

@_date: 2019-05-10 12:22:09
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] peering through NAT 
In article <27bf80fc-92e2-d333-2da8-41efeabaa986 at fexl.com> you write:
That just sounds like the way a NAT works.  Whenever a device behind a
NAT sends a packet to a remote system, the NAT remembers who sent the
packet and where it went by IP address and to/from port numbers, so
when the remote system replies, the NAT can direct the reply to the
right place.
The question here is about arranging to receive traffic where the remote
system is the first one to send anything.  For that you need port forwards,
either set up by UPnP or manually.
I'm trying to see if there is any crypto relevance to NAT but as far
as I can tell there isn't.  I suppose on a particularly lame NAT one
might be able to predict remapped port numbers but I don't recall that
ever being a problem.

@_date: 2019-05-22 21:32:24
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Craig Steven Wright's Bitcoin Copyright 5-20-2019 
For anyone not up on the fine points of US copyright, Craig Wright
registered a copyright on the Nakamoto paper as "Satoshi Nakamoto,
pseud. of Craig Steven Wright".  There's two entries because he
registered it in April as just "Bitcoin", then amended it this month
as "Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System."
Copyright registrations are subject to only cursory examination so it
is not at all surprising that they accepted it.  An interesting
question would be who if anyone would have standing to challenge it,
particularly if the actual Satoshi has since died.

@_date: 2019-05-23 00:23:09
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Craig Steven Wright's Bitcoin Copyright 5-20-2019 
Here's a piece in today's Financial Times making the same point, copyright registration proves nothing:
John Levine, johnl at iecc.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Please consider the environment before reading this e-mail.

@_date: 2019-11-06 11:15:01
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Libra is technical junk 
This blog post has been floating around lately.  It seems to be a pretty well informed look at the open source code for Libra.  He
is deeply unimpressed by what he found:
This is just technical problems, separate from the well reported
financial and governance problems.

@_date: 2019-10-23 16:27:37
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Jim Baker explains encryption to us 
In this longish piece in the Lawfare blog, former FBI counsel Jim
Baker reiterates his take on the encrpytion debates.  There's a certain
amount that makes me want to bang my head against the wall, e.g.
  After working on the going dark problem for years, I'm confident
  that this problem can be addressed from a technical perspective. In
  most cases, it's just software, and software can be rewritten.
But it's worth reading to remind us of what the other side is
thinking, even with a lot of motivated reasoning that makes him
conclude that Congress can pass some laws and the going dark
problem will be solved.  (Please do not write and explain why
he's mistaken.  We all know why.)

@_date: 2019-09-09 16:53:44
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography]  
=?utf-8?q?tch_to_McEliece=3F?=
In article <20190908180010.3d7709de at jabberwock.cb.piermont.com> you write:
Unfortunately, some of them are.  Look at the cert for or facebook.com and you'll find it chains to a DigiCert root that
expires in 2031.

@_date: 2019-09-12 23:45:09
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Need some help regaining access to a server 
In article  you write:
That sounds like the kind of problem one addresses with a phone call
and a death certificate.  AWS can certainly reset the password.
For the past couple of months I've been cleaning up my late father's
online existence and have found it pretty easy to get access to his
accounts so I can clean out whatever's there and close them.  Closing
his Amazon Prime account was easy, one phone call to their call
center.  They even sent a refund.

@_date: 2019-09-21 22:51:28
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "How Long Will Unbreakable Commercial Encryption 
In article <2CCE423E-F119-4FBA-9396-AD0C323FED3B at lrw.com> you write:
It's certainly worth reading but I wouldn't take it at face value.
Baker was a big fan of the Clipper chip (see
 and I don't get the
impression that his positions have changed much in the subsequent 25
Look at the last few paragraphs of the piece, where he tries to
position end-to-end encryption against content moderation, e.g.,
"There is a fundamental conflict between providing absolute privacy
and preventing the distribution of unapproved content. If running
content moderation on the user?s device isn?t on Silicon Valley's road
map, how is the industry planning to square this circle?"  Unapproved content?  Moderation?  Where I come from, moderation is
about published or at least semi-public material. It sure sounds like
he wants to put censor-bots into everyone's private conversations.

@_date: 2020-04-03 12:06:01
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Zoom's end-to-end encryption isn't 
In article  you write:
I think the compositing happens in the Zoom client now.  You can
switch among modes that show a mosaic of people and one that has a big
picture of the speaker and mosaic of other people, with the mosaics
all scrollable in large conferences.  The switching seems instant to
me which suggests that the client is doing it.  The background
substitution definitely happens in the client since they disable it if
your computer isn't fast enough.
It's pretty clear that Zoom thought of their market as B2B where the
image and other processing are managed by contract rather than by
technology.  Now they're finding that a lot of their new users, and
some of their surprised old users, don't like that.
John Levine, johnl at taugh.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Please consider the environment before reading this e-mail.

@_date: 2020-04-03 20:29:15
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Zoom's end-to-end encryption isn't 
In article  you write:
That seems awfully optimistic.  How are the people supposed to find each other?
Also, in the absence of a central server every participant needs to
send N streams to the N other participants which is going to be a
challenge on the cable and DSL connections most people have that have
limited upstream bandwidth.  With a central server, even if it can't
decode the streams,it can switch and multiplex them so each client has
one stream to the central server and one multiplexed one back.

@_date: 2020-04-04 10:39:48
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Zoom's end-to-end encryption isn't 
Zoom describes their encryption here.  tl;dr it's end to end for compatible clients,
it's end to "connector" for stuff that has to be transcoded.  All of their own clients
are compatible, transcoding is for H.323, phone calls, recordings, and such.
No comment on the claim that everyone uses the same key.

@_date: 2020-04-08 14:55:11
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Jitsi versus Zoom 
In article  you write:
Its XMPP is broken, so I gave up on it.

@_date: 2020-12-16 16:21:09
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Am I missing something about CBDC ? 
The widely read Lawfare blog had this piece on Central Bank Digital Currencies
and money laundering by a financial crimes analyst:
I get the impression that he doesn't really understand how digital currencies
work.  So please tell me if I'm missing something.  I'm not asking whether CBDCs
are a good idea in the first place, which is a separate issue.
CBDCs are issued as tokens by a central bank, let's call it the Fed.  The
approach seems to be that they're issued in bulk to commercial banks which then
distribute them to their customers following KYC rules.  Then anyone can pay
anyone else using CBDCs.  I presume I pay you by giving you a token which you
present to the Fed, it cancels the token and gives you a new one at which point
you are paid.
He seems to believe that transactions are cleared through the commercial banks,
but I don't see how that works other than perhaps by forcing users to use their
banks as the gateway to the Fed, or I suppose maybe by keeping your tokens in an
account at your bank, which makes it easier to access them from multiple
The article talks about wallets, but if these are bearer tokens, what is a
wallet?  Your device has the tokens or it doesn't.  Maybe these are supposed to
be customer wallets at the bank at which point they smell a lot like
conventional bank accounts.
Since the tokens are all issued by the Fed, they're only sort of anonymous.  If
they decide a token is dodgy or suspicious, the Fed can decline to redeem it or
redeem it only if presented by certain parties. This makes the money laundering
issue easier.  (The author doesn't seem to understand that at all.)  On the
other hand, if the Fed clears all the transactions for free or close to free,
I'd expect a non-stop blizzard of mixing transactions which could have
performance issues as well as money laundering.
He says some other things that are obviously silly, like this enfrachises the
unbanked, not unless they have a smartphone and Internet conenctivity. If they
do, they're already using Square Cash or Venmo and loading money into them at
Or your car could have a CBDC wallet to buy gas or charge itself.  Well, yeah,
if that were a good idea I'd already have given it a virtual credit card number
on my Visa account.
Or we can have micropayments of a fraction of a cent!  A) No, they cost just as
much to clear as macropayments so they're too expensive. A') If you bundle them
and clear in bulk, the back end might as well be Paypal. B) People hate
micropayments which is why we all have flat rate phone service.
Anything else I've missed?
John Levine, johnl at taugh.com, Taughannock Networks, Trumansburg NY
Please consider the environment before reading this e-mail.

@_date: 2020-12-16 18:08:26
@_author: John R. Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Am I missing something about CBDC ? 
Thanks, but that is about the question I specifically said I was NOT asking.
I know all of the policy reasons why CBDC might or might not be a good idea.  The question is how would they work, and the implications of what control the workings would allow.
John Levine, johnl at taugh.com, Primary Perpetrator of "The Internet for Dummies",
Please consider the environment before reading this e-mail.

@_date: 2020-12-17 13:56:24
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Am I missing something about CBDC ? 
In article  you write:
I believe SEPA already has this. The US Fed is working on Fednow,
which is supposed to do realtime payments among US bank customers by
2023 or so, with a limit of about $20K.
But please look at the paper, which is not very long. I think that
CBDC are supposed to be central bank issued bearer tokens analogous to
paper money, but there's a great deal of confusion about what that
means and what it implies.

@_date: 2020-12-17 21:14:54
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Am I missing something about CBDC ? 
In article <37c63da3-c3a5-4930-e6dc-139b2985de57 at circuitsofimagination.com> you write:
Same here. I still don't understand what a wallet is in this sense
other than an app storing a bunch of tokens that haven't been redeemed
It's hard to say since there actually aren't any CBDC implementations.
My main concern was whether there was some new design significantly
different from the ones we've known about for the past 25 years, or
some way to prevent double spending in such a system other than by
having everyone agree on an authority to say which tokens are good.
The answers appear to be no, and the guy is confused.

@_date: 2020-12-18 12:14:01
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Am I missing something about CBDC ? 
In article  you write:
I doubt it. The idea is to use these for small anonymous transactions
so I assume that they plan that each transaction is cleared through
the issuing bank. Or maybe they have no idea, as I said I didn't get
the impression that many people opining on CBDCs understand the
underlying technologies at all.

@_date: 2020-12-18 15:45:56
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Am I missing something about CBDC ? 
Bcc: johnl-sent
X-Headerized: yes
Cleverness: minimal

@_date: 2020-12-20 13:58:10
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Am I missing something about CBDC ? 
In article <23bc1dcbb242e03c63822c45b41ad58e98aed9ad.camel at crypto.16bits.net> you write:
The CBDC proposals I've seen fall into two groups, neither of which has anything
to do with blockchain other than perhaps as a marketing gimmick.
One lets everyone set up an account directly at the central bank and
do transactions between accounts. It's sort of a universal version of
prepaid debit cards or Venmo or Square Cash. The counterargument is
that Venmo and Square Cash already do a pretty good job of being Venmo
and Square Cash.
The other issues bearer tokens that take the place of physical cash,
and are intended to be at somewhat anonymous like cash is. In such a
scheme I assume they prevent double spending by clearing transactions
through the issuing central bank, although the discussions are rather
confused and many seem to assume that commercial banks somehow act as
intermediaries, which I don't understand unless they all have a like
connection to the central bank.
There is a lot of handwaving.  For example, that smart contracts would
let people do foreign exchange risk free, by linking the payments to
and from the exchange agent.  That is silly.  When I transfer money
through someone like Transferwise, the risk I worry about is not that
Transferwise will default, it's that the actual exchange rate changes
from the one they offer me.
The arguments in favor of CBDC tend not to be technical, more that
commercial banks do a lousy job of providing services to low income
customers, and at least in Europe, it is still stupidly hard to use
bank cards across national boundaries even when both countries use the
PS: >(note: this email arrived in a broken form, including a copy of mail
Same here for the one you were replying to, yours was OK.

@_date: 2020-12-20 14:11:46
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Am I missing something about CBDC ? 
In article  you write:
That's called full reserve or narrow banking. Demand deposits are
backed 100% by cash or central bank deposits. Loans are made from some
version of time deposits. Switzerland had a referendum in 2018 to go
to narrow banking, which since they are not fools, they overwhelmingly
As should be apparent, it has nothing to do with cryptography. You can
do narrow banking with paper and quill pens as well as with
blockchain. It also only reduces, not removes the liquidity risks that
deposit insurance relieves. If your narrow bank is issuing 20 year
mortgages and funds them with five year time deposits, it will still
have a problem five years from now if the time depositors all want
their money back, even though the mortgages are all being paid.

@_date: 2020-12-21 13:43:04
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Solar Winds hack 
In article  you write:
Reports said it was a private placement to a single buyer which, if
true, means it's a red herring. The buyer presumably has recourse if
the stock doesn't recover.
That appears to be the password to download updates from the update
server, so I don't see why it matters. The bad guys didn't breach it
that way, they burrowed in and stuck six lines of new code into a
signed security update.

@_date: 2020-12-29 13:53:55
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin is a disaster. 
In article  you write:
If ever there was an example of shipping the prototype, Bitcoin is it.
The way it fits together is clever, but the ten minute rule means it
never was useful for day to day transactions even before it ran into
scaling problems, and as you note it was about the least anonymous
scheme ever invented.
It never fails to amuse me how so many cryptocurrency enthusiasts
imagine they have deep new economic insights when they are just
reinventing the past, badly. The reason that banks use book entry
accounting with audits that can reverse bogus transactions is not
because they're stupid. It's because it scales indefinitely without
having to be online all the time, and because normal people don't
want to make large payments without some recourse if the transaction
goes bad.  (A cup of coffee, sure, a house or car, not so much.)
You don't have to like it, but you need to understand it if you're
proposing to replace it.

@_date: 2020-12-29 21:04:01
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin is a disaster. 
In article  you write:
Since hardly anyone uses Bitcoin for live transactions, sure. (I
managed to buy two cups of coffee, quite a while ago.) On the other
hand, if it became at all popular for on-the-spot transactions and
word got around that you could get away with double spending, the
result would be predictable. Of course, this isn't a problem for mail
order purchases of illegal drugs.
Aw, come on. Credit card transactions typically authorize in a few
seconds and merchants get the money overnight. 60-90 days was for
international transactions 30 years ago. If you're comparing it to
something like selling stuff on Amazon, that's Amazon holding back
the funds, not the credit card company.
Right, it's a prototype.

@_date: 2020-12-29 21:46:02
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin is a disaster. 
In article  you write:
Yes, we know. I hear that no Bitcoin wallet could ever be stolen.
Fraud against the merchant, no doubt, but I am pretty sure I am not
the only person who would never do a large transaction where I had no
recourse. Some chargebacks are fraudulent, most are because the
merchant didn't actually deliver what it was supposed to.
I realize the issue of reversibility is a theological one for
cryptocurrency enthusiasts, but there are reasons that very few of us
make large purchases with envelopes full of cash.

@_date: 2020-02-11 13:54:22
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] WaPo feature article on Crypto AG 
Crypto AG was a Swiss company that sold crypto equipment from 1970 to
2018.  Many countries including Iran (hostage crisis) and Argentina
(Falklands war) used its stuff.  It was owned by the CIA and the
German BND.
A fair amount of this has come out before but this is the most
complete albeit somewhat breathless coverage I've seen.

@_date: 2020-02-17 17:21:53
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Extracting TOTP credentials 
In article <3CAFE00D-192A-43AD-9FF2-F14A68E0D87F at flownet.com> you write:
Gmail's tokens are 8 four-character groups, Amazon's are 13.  Only 7?  How strangely weak.

@_date: 2020-02-23 13:37:02
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple's 13-month certificate policy 
In article <7CADC833-73CB-440F-9B50-3A69B2909A0F at lrw.com> you write:
It's slightly more than that.  Back when I was paying for certs, I'd
pay $9 to some random reseller like cheapssls who would then pass me
to Comodo or Geotrust to generate the cert.  I trusted cheapssls
enough to do a one-time transaction, but not enough to let them charge
me whenever they wanted.  I probably would have trusted Comodo or
Geotrust, but they'd only do it at list price which was about 10x
I agree that whatever the original plan was for CAs (see Phill's notes
about being secure enough to match the credit card threat model) it's
a house of cards now.

@_date: 2020-02-23 13:39:43
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple's 13-month certificate policy 
In article <30c9b81b-9589-f56e-2c2f-de21e92fa89d at oneunified.net> you write:
ACME can authenticate against the DNS, no web transactions needed.  This
works, it's how I do all my certs.  You're right to the extent that code
for DNS-based clients isn't as widespread or as easy to use as the web

@_date: 2020-02-23 20:12:55
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ACME/Let'sEncrypt tutorial? 
In article <10035C9E-3063-4D0D-9FC3-5535DDA88BC4 at kebe.com> you write:
There's tons of tutorials online.  Your web site appears to be using nginx, so try this one:

@_date: 2020-02-26 15:55:17
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Well, that showed them! 
In article  you write:
Hi.  I'm a trustee of the Internet Society.  Could we try and keep the FUD to a minimum, please?

@_date: 2020-02-29 16:33:23
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Recognizing faces vs. recognizing a face 
============================== START ==============================
This question seems vaguely cryptography related, I hope.
It seems to me there are two rather different applications called
facial recognition.
One is comparing an image of a person to a stored picture and deciding
whether it is the same person, yes or no.  That's used in various
countries' automated immigration kiosks, and I think Heathrow airport
uses it to check that the person who gets on the plane is the same
one whose passport they checked at security.
The other has stored pictures of people of interest, and a stream of
images of people typically from live video, and compares all the
people in the pictures to all the people in the images, looking for
The accuracy numbers I've seen all seem to combine the two.  Are there
separate analyses?  I would imagine that the single match would be a
lot more accurate than many to many.

@_date: 2020-01-08 14:49:12
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] how to detect breakage -- lures etc.?? 
In article  you write:
That's what I would have said until the messages we saw last week
about Selectric typewriters and GUNMAN.
The security model is certainly different from stuff running on a
general purpose computer.

@_date: 2020-07-01 23:22:06
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Statement from Attorney General William P., 
In article  you write:
My understanding was that amateur radio has always been restricted to
non-commercial activities, and the regulators need to be able to read
it all so they can be sure that's the case.
There may well have been other motives, but that's the nominal one.

@_date: 2020-07-12 14:08:15
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Home router warning: They're riddled with known 
You might also look at the Ubiquiti Edgerouter series. They run Vyatta
which is linux underneath. You can ssh in and sudo whatever you want
including installing other packages.
The Edgerouter X has five gigabit ports and is powered either by PoE
or a 12V supply and lists for $59 or $49 used. The older Edgerouter
Lite which is what I have has 3 ports, no PoE and lists for $127. I
see that Amazon has the 10 port PoE Edgerouter 10X for $109 new or $87
used. The X series slower than the others but is plenty fast for SOHO.
They all can route gigabit Ethernet at line speed.
They're just routers, not access points. Ubiquiti also sell access
points which I also like.

@_date: 2020-03-04 21:37:54
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Possible reason why password usage rules are 
In article <4762d3eb0785491b8220599f3e59d1c3 at uxcn13-ogg-d.UoA.auckland.ac.nz> you write:
In 1979, Ken Thompson and Bob Morris published "Password Security: A
Case History" in the CACM.  On the third page is a table showing how
long it takes to do an exhaustive search of passwords for various
lengths and character sets.
I believe some bright bulb figured he'd fix that by forcing people to
change their passwords at a rate faster than the time it took to
search the keyspace.  This particular threat model, of a publicly
readable file of encrypted passwords, is specific to Unix systems of a
certain generation, but you'd have to be paying attention to notice

@_date: 2020-03-05 19:01:20
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Possible reason why password usage rules are 
In article <69b8ae4f-962c-a1d6-9532-99bef1a8a1db at symas.com> you write:
Assuming the someone else isn't your identical twin, could you explain
in more detail how that works?
There are reasons for driving licenses to expire and be renewed, since
your authority to drive might be limited or revoked.  But unless you
die, it's hard to see what's going to revoke your authority to be

@_date: 2020-03-05 22:40:42
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IDs and licenses, 
In article <66f70bd6-4b3d-1b64-8ab1-93137186097d at symas.com> you write:
I'm sorry, but this assertion bears no relation to any ID system with
which I am familiar.
I have an envelope full of old driver's licenses and passports.  My
previous license and my current one look identical other than the
dates, since the state used the same picture.  Why does one identify
me and the other doesn't?  Same person, same picture, same issuer.
Same proof that I'm old enough to buy beer, or that my name matches
the one on a plane ticket.
I think we mean radically different things by "ID" and you are confusing
an ID with a license.
If you are saying that I can only have one valid driver's license or
one passport at a time, that is sort of true.  People can sometimes
have two passports from the same issuer, and the world has not ended.
If the question is "is John allowed to operate an automobile?" the
license number is a key to the state's database, which someone
(typically a policeman) can check to see that it's not suspended or
revoked.  That's not an ID, it's a license.
If the question is "is this John who claims to be 65 years old" and I
look like the somewhat younger guy in the picture, it's an ID and the
license number and expiration date is irrelevant.  It's identified me.

@_date: 2020-03-06 14:07:58
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IDs and licenses, 
In article  you write:
Here's a simple thought experiment.  I book a plane ticket but I am a
very bad driver so the state revokes my license.  I still have the
physical card and the expiration date is in the future.
I take the train to the airport, and at security I present that
revoked license.  The TSA guy waves the little blue light at it (which
only detects cheap fakes that teens use to sneak into bars) and lets
me on the plane.  Is that a problem?  Not that I can see, since I'm
riding on the plane, not driving it.
This is what Bruce Schneier calls a "movie plot threat."  We appear to
be done.
PS: in my movie plot, John gives his current license to his identical
twin, reports it lost, and gets a replacement while the twin uses the
original to flee the country.  "Oh, no," he says, "so that is what
happened to my unexpired license!  My brother must have snuck it out
of my wallet wnile I was in the sauna!  What a fiend hs is!"

@_date: 2020-03-06 21:03:07
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IDs and licenses, 
In article  you write:
I imagine most of us are pretty bored by this but I want to go one more round
because I still see confusion about licenses, IDs, and that it matters what
you're trying to identify.
I hope it's obvious why using a revoked unexpired license as an ID is
nothing like an expired SSL certificate -- one still says it's valid,
the other doesn't.  The person validating a plane ticket doesn't check
whether the license is revoked because for this application IT DOESN'T
MATTER.  I'm still me whether or not I'm allowed to drive. The threat model for human IDs and web certificates are rather
different.  People do not change identities from year to year -- if I
am me today I was in previous decades, and will continue to be me
until I die.  That's why the UK can issue licenses good until you're
75, an age presumably chosen as when people need their eyes retested.
Web sites aren't like that.  Domains expire and are sold and recycled.
Back when CA's took the PKI model seriously (the 1990s) they went to
considerable effort to validate the real world identity of anyone
applying for a cert, and put that identity info into the cert.  We saw
a brief resurgence of that with EV certificates.  That's why it did
make some sense to expire and reissue certificates periodically to
recheck whether the package of identity info is still valid.  Now, of course, CAs do no more than check that the party applying for
the cert has some minimal control over the domain name. The only
reason I can see for expiring them is that it's the lazy way to fake
revocation lists.

@_date: 2020-05-31 22:01:43
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cubbit 
In article <41AFA711-2754-49A8-960E-D047F58EF171 at lrw.com> you write:
I have to say it looks a lot like a Ponzi scheme. You buy a box one
time for about $400 and make it part of their cloud, after which they
promise it will work forever. Although the data lives on random
people's boxes, the ongoing coordination about what goes where depends
on the vendor, running a data center paid out of the revenue from
selling the boxes. What happens when all the enthusiasts have bought
their boxes?
They also have a white paper claiming that their boxes use far less
power per GB than conventional cloud storage. Even with hand waving
that their boxes get network connections and routing "for free", that
still seems rather implausible.

@_date: 2020-10-01 13:30:48
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is this a solved problem? 
In article  you write:
For email agents that are separate programs, they generally open a URL
by passing it to the user's default browser, so the cookie trick
It's true, if for some reason you read your mail in Firefox and do your
shopping in Safari, it won't work, but I don't think that's very common.

@_date: 2020-09-29 10:27:31
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Is this a solved problem? 
In article  you write:
The short answer is that in general, you can't. The slightly longer answer is that when the customer logs in with 2FA
or whatever, the company sends a cookie to the browser or app that has
a session ID. If a mail recipient clicks on the link, assuming the
company has enough sense to make the link in the same domain its web
site uses (some don't), the browser sends along the cookie, and the
company can see if the computer on which she clicked the link already
has a session for the customer to whom they sent the message. If it's
the same, they can skip the login and go straight to the hard sell.
This is pretty typical, leaving a cookie that lets the user continue
an existing session later. That's why they ask the irritating question
about whether this is a shared computer so they can make the cookie
expire quickly instead.

@_date: 2020-09-30 11:38:39
@_author: John Levine 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Blockchain explained, with music 
[ this isn't exactly about cryptography, but take a look.  Wow! ]
The Elderly University of Alipay Choir made this informative video
about Ant Chain. Ant Group is a giant Chinese company which runs
Alipay, which is sort of the Chinese version of Paypal and Venmo and
Amazon and Robinhood combined.
They are very enthusiastic about Ant Chain, which is why they made
this musical video dressed in ant costumes:
For more background, here's an article from FT Alphaville.
