
@_date: 2002-02-04 14:55:23
@_author: Jon Simon 
@_subject: Losing the Code War by Stephen Budiansky 
With 120GB drives starting at about $200, the storage requirements can be met today, albeit not cheaply.  In four years or so, when we have 1TB drives, it will just be that much easier.  But I'm not losing any sleep either.
-Jon Simon

@_date: 2002-01-14 09:52:36
@_author: Jon Simon 
@_subject: Disk Copy on Mac OS X 
Apple's Mac OS X comes with the encryption application Disk Copy, which allows you to create encrypted virtual volumes similar to those PGP Disk makes, but using AES-128 encryption.  Is anyone aware of any analysis of this application's security?  I haven't been able to dig any up.
Thank you,
Jon Simon

@_date: 2002-01-18 17:00:02
@_author: Jon Simon 
@_subject: Horseman Number 3: Osama Used 40 bits 
Can anyone else confirm or deny that this is the case?  If it is so, it would bring new meaning to the term "weak encryption."
Jon Simon

@_date: 2002-07-19 11:18:20
@_author: Jon Simon 
@_subject: Maybe no stego on eBay afterall 
If this is the case, then wouldn't a thorough stego program filter the image post hiding to lower the entropy, making searching by this method far less useful than its already sad state?
-Jon Simon

@_date: 2002-03-14 17:07:39
@_author: Jon Simon 
@_subject: USENIX Smart Card Research and Advanced Application Conference 
This information is from  and there is more info at that url.
Fifth Smart Card Research and Advanced Application Conference
November 20-22, 2002
Hyatt Ste. Claire, San Jose, California, USA
IFIP Working Group 8.8 (Smart Cards)
USENIX, the Advanced Computing Systems Association
Important Dates
Submissions due: June 24, 2002
Notification of acceptance: August 12, 2002
Camera-ready final papers due: September 23, 2002
Smart card research is of increasing importance as the need for information security increases rapidly, especially in response to new, urgent demands. Since 1994, CARDIS has been the premier international research conference dedicated to smart cards and their CARDIS '02, the joint IFIP/USENIX International Conference on Smart Card Research and Advanced Applications, constitutes the Fifth IFIP CARDIS conference and the Second USENIX conference on Smart Card Technology. Like its predecessors, CARDIS '02 will bring together researchers and practitioners in the development and deployment of smart card systems and technologies.
Aims and Goals
The portability, processing power, and tamper resistance of smart cards offers a platform for secure conditional access to information and applications. Smart cards significantly extend the scope of distributed systems by providing a trusted platform for cryptographically secured computation and storage. Notwithstanding their long history, relative to modern computing, the applicability of smart cards in distributed systems remains an untapped resource, limited mainly by our imagination and understanding. Here lie vast uncovered research areas that will have a huge impact on the eventual success of the technology. The research challenges span many domains, including hardware design, cryptographic applications, distributed system architecture, and formal modeling.
Unlike events devoted to commercial and application aspects of smart cards, the CARDIS conferences bring together researchers who are active in all aspects of the design, validation, and application of smart cards. The breadth of smart card research stimulates a synergy among disparate research communities, making CARDIS an ideal opportunity to present the latest research advances.
Call for Papers
The program committee seeks papers describing the design, application, and validation of smart card technologies. Submissions across a broad range of smart card development phases are encouraged, from exploratory research and proof-of-concept studies to practical application and deployment of smart card technology.
The following topics are of particular interest to the program committee:
*  Application loading
*  Smart card operating systems
*  Virtual machines
*  Integrated development environments
*  High-speed, small-footprint encryption
*  Cryptographic accelerators
*  On-card data sharing schemes
*  Smart cards in the Internet
*  Automatic mask generation
*  Emerging opportunities for standardization
*  Smart tokens and other competing technologies
*  Alternative form factors for smart card chips
*  Smart card application program interfaces
*  Trends in smart card hardware
*  Research in tamper-resistance
*  Hardware and software certification
*  Security validation and benchmarks
*  Biometrics involving smart cards

@_date: 2002-09-17 13:07:43
@_author: jon@jonsimon.com 
@_subject: Interests of online banks and their users [was Re: 
As far as I know, banks assume that a certain percentage of their transactions will be bad and build that cost into their business model.  Credit and ATM cards and numbers are as far from secure as could be, far less secure than somebody doing online transactions from a Wintel machine on an unencrypted connection, let alone an encrypted one.  Until somebody takes full advantage of the current system and steals a few trillion dollars in one day, the problems are easier to deal with than a solution.  Until that happens, there's no reason for banks to go through the pain of dealing with or requiring -Jon Simon

@_date: 2003-01-15 10:56:31
@_author: Jon Simon 
@_subject: What, me worry? 
I'm not worried about DRM.  Though I do not at all like the idea of having someone else 0wn my machine, especially someone like Microsoft, I have faith that the first several versions will be relatively easily defeated by wily hacker types.  After that, armed with a machine with DRM but that I 0wn, it doesn't really matter anymore to me, right?
-Jon Simon

@_date: 2003-01-15 14:25:27
@_author: Jon Simon 
@_subject: What, me worry? 
It's a reality check.  Despite a massive amount of work to make computer networks secure, remote attacks are often successful (for many reasons of course, including non-technical ones like poorly chosen passwords, but technical ones as well), and now we're talking about securing something the hacker has physical access to.  I seriously doubt any new DRM system will be totally secure in hardware or software at v5.0, let alone v1.0.  So why worry?  Some companies are just banding together to do something they've never been able to do, definitely won't be able to do well on the first release, and likely won't be able to do successfully for a long time if ever.

@_date: 2003-01-16 14:42:00
@_author: Jon Simon 
@_subject: What, me worry? 
When people have no moral problem with an activity, they more or less ignore laws that outlaw that activity.  Few will have a moral problem with breaking DRM or copying media, DMCA or not.  IMHO, all the effort pouring into consumer DRM is wasted effort.  It would be much better spent on improving interfaces and quality.

@_date: 2003-01-18 10:18:25
@_author: Jon Simon 
@_subject: Microsoft Introduces CD Copy-Protection 'Fix' 
Microsoft Introduces CD Copy-Protection 'Fix'
By Bernhard Warner, European Internet Correspondent
CANNES, France (Reuters) -  Microsoft Corp. (NasdaqNM:MSFT - news) announced on Saturday the introduction of new digital rights software aimed at helping music labels control unauthorized copying of CDs, one of the biggest thorns in the ailing industry's side.
Stung by the common practice of consumers copying, or "burning," new versions of a store-bought CD onto recordable CDs, music companies have invested heavily in copy-protection technologies that have mainly backfired or annoyed customers.
For example, most copy-proof CDs are designed so that they cannot be played on a PC, but often this prevents playback on portable devices and car stereos too.
Last year, some resourceful software enthusiasts cracked Sony Music's (6758.T) proprietary technology simply by scribbling a magic marker pen around the edges of the disc, thus enabling playback on any Microsoft believes it may have come up with a solution. The new software is called the Windows Media Data Session Toolkit.
It enables music labels to lay songs onto a copy-controlled CD in multiple layers, one that would permit normal playback on a stereo and a PC.
$500 MILLION INVESTMENT
The PC layer, laid digitally on the same disc, can be modified by the content provider, so that they could prevent, for example, burning songs onto another CD, said David Fester, general manager, digital media entertainment for Microsoft.
Universal Music (EAUG.PA) and EMI (EMI.L), two of the biggest record labels in the world, "are very excited about this because it enables the industry to build a CD with their own protections built in," he said, speaking at the Midem music conference in southern France.
Microsoft has invested $500 million in digital rights management, or DRM, for music, Fester said. The Toolkit was co-developed with technology partners Phoenix-based SunnComm Technologies and France's MPO International Group, he added.
Microsoft is making a concerted push into DRM, a hotly contested new field.
Technology and media companies, such as Microsoft, Sony, Philips (PHG.AS) and Real Networks (NasdaqNM:RNWK - news), are looking to build a business out of securing copyright protections across the Internet and other digital media.
Microsoft has discussed plans for an upcoming operating system, code-named "Palladium," that will seek to put user controls on all bits of information they store on a computer document, from medical records to billing information.

@_date: 2003-06-26 21:12:26
@_author: Jon Simon 
@_subject: Terminator 2 Extreme DRM 
Looks like an attempt to get people to install DRM.  The apple with poison.
Q: Is the High-Definition feature (Disc 2) protected with any encryption?
A: The Windows Media movie on the ROM portion of this disc contains security features that require users to connect to the Internet to receive licenses for the content on the enclosed DVD. There is a 5 day unlimited play license issued to users on the specific PC used to play the content. Consumers will be able to continually renew their license for 5 days at a time, according to the terms of the End User License Agreement (EULA).
Q: Who set up the DRM protection for the High-Definition Theatrical feature (Disc 2)?
A: Artisan Home Entertainment determined the specific DRM licensing rules that were applied. The DRM services for the content on this disc are being provided by SyncCast using Windows Media Digital Rights Management. For more information about the technology used to protect content on the disc, please visit the company's Web site at
