
@_date: 2013-12-24 13:30:49
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Serious paranoia... 
I'm sorry. I have to say it. (Please don't take this personally)
"They've figured it out!!"
What's that, sir?
"They know I take down their sites to reduce their ideas to rubble!!"
Sir, it's the Slashdot effect, not you.
"Dammit man!  I'm ... I'm evil, I tell you!!!  And powerful!! I am!! I am!"
Yes, sir.  Why don't we take our nice medicine, and have a bit of a nap,
"But, I am powerful!  I am eeeviil....." "zzzzzzz"
Yes, sir.
Might it be malicious action?  Yes.  Might it be coincidence?  Yes.  Might
it be the adoring hordes of Cryptography groupies, causing a Slashdot
effect on the sites in question?  Regrettably, no.  ;)

@_date: 2013-10-01 18:11:03
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Why is emailing me my password? 
Low security environment, minimal ability to inflict damage, clear
instructions from the beginning.
If the system and processes are not to your liking, that's understandable.
 Everyone is different.
There are other choices.  If you'd like to investigate them, determine an
appropriate one, and advocate a move to it, that would be welcomed, I
presume?  The move may not be made, but the effort would be respected.  And
if you succeed in advocating a move to a new, better system, you would have
an impressive new entry on your CV.  After all, herding cats is nothing on
moving an entire mailing list of geeks and cryptographers to a new system.
 :)
No offense meant, in any way.  Please forgive me if offense is given.
Joshua Marpet

@_date: 2013-10-13 01:45:57
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] PGP Key Signing parties 
I am one of the organizers of Security BSides Delaware, otherwise known as
BSidesDE.  We have already discussed having a key signing party, but if
there is any interest, I'd love for any of you to be there, and potentially
run it.  Check out bsidesdelaware.com for dates, locations, and such.
It's an academic environment, and we will have several hundred people
there, from college students, to business, to infosec professionals.
And we're only a couple of hours from the NSA!!  ;)
Nov 8 and 9th, Wilmington, DE.
Any interest?
Joshua Marpet
On Sat, Oct 12, 2013 at 8:00 AM, Stephen Farrell

@_date: 2014-04-25 00:16:12
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Two round secure hashing 
Bill, I'm a newb, so take this with a grain of salt.
Congrats!!!  The scientific method works, and the open source model and
open sharing of information works, and you're proving it.
So the particular methodology you tried isn't working.  Next?
Honesty such as this, and effort such as this, is wonderful!!!
I am not trying to condescend.  Please don't take it that way.  I just see
so damn much negativity in so many places, it's nice to get a dose of
professionalism and reality.
You tried-effort
you tested - rationality
it fails- reality
YOU REPORTED THAT! - professionalism, courtesy, and appropriate behavior.
Bravo, sir.  Try again!  And let not failure dampen your enthusiasm, for it
does not foretell anything, but that you have eliminated a wrong way.
 Indeed, you are now closer to the right way than you were!
Good luck, and Good Math!

@_date: 2014-01-12 18:16:23
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for 
I'm friends with Travis Goodspeed, and if you don't know who he is, he's
the crazed lunatic (said fondly) who decaps chips for fun, to read out, for
example, the entire RSA SecurID chip on a keyfob, or a cryptographic system
of all shapes and sizes.  FYI, he can re-enable an expired SecurID fob.  So
epoxying chips is good as a detective measure (as in, I see something was
done!)  It's not so good as a preventative measure.
He's the one who taught me to use syringe needles as probes to find JTAG
ports on IC's, since they're stiff, come to a point, and are easy to
manipulate.  (Works great, by the way)

@_date: 2014-01-13 02:58:43
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dumb idea: open-source hardware USB key for 
Ok, I guess I'm being a bit paranoid.  Sorry!!!
I asked him that once.  His answer was, "I attack, I don't defend."  Argh.
I would guesstimate that a system that could be revoked instantly and
widely, so any key could be instantly killed, would help.  but that would
involve a centralized keyserv, checked everytime used.  Which would make
offline use difficult at best.
I really like the USB stick idea.  I think to protect data, a microswitch
is a legitimate thought, but I think Acid and plastique are probably going
too far.  (Although they'd be fun to play with)  :)
There's some other problems as well.  For example, Travis and Sergey
Bratus, I believe, worked together to get Linux running on hard drives.
 Not the platters, the firmware and IC's of the drive itself.  Active
antiforensics, and potentially active key grabbing.  MAybe the same could
be done for the electronics of the stick.  Would be unpleasant.
To be honest, I'm stumped.
Maybe decide the features and must have list first, then design system
around that?  My $.02  (while exhausted and recovering from illness,
forgive me.)

@_date: 2014-01-13 13:51:55
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
As much as I respect Cory Doctorow's fiction (Little Brother was AWESOME!),
sometimes he rides a little off the rail in the name of publicity, in my
Even if you want to boycott RSA, the fact is is that a lot of companies
have paid a lot of money to be at the conference, and sell their wares.
 It's an important con for lots of small and startup companies.  Do they
think they'll hurt RSA?  Maybe.  Will they hurt smaller groups that are
praying very hard to impress some likely buyers?  Probably.
Not cool.

@_date: 2014-01-14 23:49:30
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: Open Source USB stick for cryptography 
Howdy Josh,
I'm too damned busy these days to join any new projects, but I'm happy
to provide some pointers.  Please forward this to the list if you
think that'd be handy, and also tell them that I'm happy to contribute
free Facedancer PCBs toward their effort.
My solo disk work is available as the video of my talk from 29C3 and
as a short article in Poc||GTFO 00:02, which can be found by googling
for pocorgtfo00.pdf.  The first covers active disk antiforensics with
a Facedancer board, and the second with an iPod running Rockbox.
Sadly, I never got around to finishing my blog post from 29C3, so
suffering through that long video is necessary.  (I'm a sinner, I
I also did some work on replacement firmware for a Seagate drive with
Jonas Zaddach and a few other fine folks.  We were making a remotely
accessible backdoor, but the exact same principles can be used to
patch the antiforensics tricks that I mentioned at 29C3 and in
PoC||GTFO into a real disk.
There's not much value in doing an FPGA, as fast microcontrollers with
excellent USB controllers are cheap and plentiful.  I still think that
the best way to do it is with antiforensics destroying the information
on detecting tampering, but an excellent and well verified crypto
implementation in a smart card chip might remove the danger of
accidentally triggering a disk's self destruct.
It will also be worth looking at Bunnie's talk from 30C3, where he
reverse engineered an SD card's controller chip.  Patching a perfectly
vanilla, hello-kitty-branded card is definitely the best way to do
this in the field, and his lecture provides a damned good resource for
Drinks in Philly the next time I make it to Samland?
Cheers from M?nchen,
On Mon, Jan 13, 2014 at 12:06 PM, Joshua Marpet
.us +1.267.401.2597
.de +49.152.23.90.76.92

@_date: 2014-01-28 16:45:24
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Angry Cryptographers... 
Now you are getting philosophical, sirs.  Now I think I can chime in.
People are enraged by the concept of being spied on.  "Privacy!" is their
battlecry, their watchword, their need.  Is it their right?
Ah!  Now we hit upon the meat of the matter.  Is privacy a "right"?
Is it a right ordained by God, or obtained from man (and woman)?  Is it a
right at all, inalienable or otherwise?
Not being a lawyer, I will say that it depends.  It depends on which
country you are in, which regime you are living under, what you believe,
and what your government believes.
Plus, it also depends on the needs of the many.  I'm an ex-cop.  When
someone is in jail, we watched them in the shower, on the toilet, in bed,
playing cards or watching TV.  They had any right to privacy stripped from
them, as they were deemed criminals, and unable to supervise themselves.
 We supervised them as parents.  This is to protect the many (the public)
from the few (criminals).
But we also did that to people in holding, and in pretrial detention.  They
were not accorded due process to strip them of this "right", and yet they
were denied it.  They were innocent (unless and until proven guilty). Is
this stripping of privacy legal?  Again, not being a lawyer, I don't know.
Do we have privacy when we have kids?  Good lord, kids walk into bedrooms
and bathrooms all the time!  Do we voluntarily give up some privacy when we
get a significant other?   Should this be regulated?
In certain countries, women don't have the right to drive.  Do we rise up
and declaim this sexist behavior?  No, really.  Did you?  Why not?  You're
so concerned with some illusive "right" but you won't shout and scream
about the Sudan, human trafficking, or other injustices?  "But, this issue
matters to me!"
Ok. Now it's an issue.  So you want this issue of privacy to be decided.
 Is it a right?  Should it be something you pay for, or take for granted?
 I see many people wanting to take it for granted.  Buggy whip makers took
their market for granted.  Look where it got them.
I suppose I'm rambling, and should probably shut up.  My point is that
"Privacy" is a complex and misunderstood thing.  My best comparison is to
that of "Quality" from Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance.  Or
"Obscenity". " I can't define it, but I'll know it when I see it."
Sorry for rambling.  I think we take privacy for granted, and forget it's
something we each define for ourselves.  It's different for me than it is
for you.  Privacy is important.  We need to know what we need to fight for,
before we start getting aggrieved about it.

@_date: 2014-05-02 11:55:32
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Need Debunking help 
I have been asked to take a look at a system. I looked at the video, read a
whitepaper, and it immediately screamed "BullCrap!!" to me.
I am going to sign up for a trial, and do some testing, but before I do,
has anyone run into this before, done any testing/research before, so I
don't reinvent the wheel?
*  *
*I'm not saying they are scammers, but anytime you have "Top secret levels
of protection", "formerly military only", and "Echelon" hackers explaining
cryptography, I'm sceptical.  VERY.*

@_date: 2014-05-02 16:33:16
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Need Debunking help 
They claim to have 32? layers of cryptography, which render files 100%
secure.  No screen shotting, no possibility of interception.  I have asked
for a technical explanation of their key exchange, and encryption
algorithms.  Waiting.  :)

@_date: 2015-01-11 20:11:57
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] GSP8191 telephony encryption device -- who wants 
I'll take it, and auction it off for Hackers For Charity, and/or the EFF.
Work for you?

@_date: 2016-08-22 22:22:55
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Real-world crypto/PRNG problem: Bridge 
I must say, I'm shocked! Shocked, I tell you! You were 4 bits off! I... I
just can't even determine the emotional state I'm in right now.
Ok, I'm laughing too hard to continue.  :)
Apology accepted, Jon. Apology accepted.  ROTFLMAO

@_date: 2016-12-21 11:57:05
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Photojournalists & filmmakers want cameras, 
A fascinating point about the perception of encryption vs. the reality of
encryption.  Can we break this discussion down a bit?
What I mean is, if still and video footage has issues, what are the issues,
and what are some solutions to those issues? A knee-jerk jump to
"Encryption Magic will SAVE THE DAY!!" might not be the right answer. :)
Forgive the levity.
1. Unauthorized editing of video or stills
2. Pressure, ranging to duress, to delete stills or video
3. Pressure, ranging to duress, to view stills or video
4. Unauthorized recording of information - Example - I don't want precise
location tags on a pic, to protect a source, but the camera does so without
my consent or knowledge.
5. Verifiably "correct" stills or video - I know this content has not been
altered. (Different from  unauthorized editing, in that  is more about
access control, and this is more about forensic verifiability)
So, I am probably missing a few. Please feel free to add.
My initial thoughts, and again, please feel free to point and laugh.
2 and 3 are solved with remote storage, to a "safe" place, of the stills or
video. Take it off the camera, fast.
4 is only solved if you open source the camera software and firmware, and
that's probably not going to happen.
1 and 5 can be solved by hashing frames, and interlocking sequences of
frames. Hash Frame 1,2,3,4,5. Hash Frames 1-5, and 5-9, and 9-14. I can
then tell you if any single frame has been altered, and if anybody has
tried to add anything to the stream.
I'm possibly being naive, but I don't see encryption (past hashing) as
needed. tell me where I'm wrong?

@_date: 2016-12-23 22:02:59
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Photojournalists & filmmakers want cameras, 
I respect that you think I need to have my head examined.
Perhaps we should say that to the use cases I formulated, strong crypto
isn't necessary. If you wish to extend a use case, to include on-device
secure storage of photos and video, then yeah, I would agree that strong
crypto is required. Your inclusion of archiving personal materials is NOT
in the use cases I postulated. It is also not in the use cases postulated
in the original article, I believe. We are talking about protecting photos
and video from authorities, either secular, religious, or by the "might is
right" rule.
 But hey, let's extend and embrace before we extinguish. . Photos or video
stored on the device are a wonderful way to archive my tax returns or your
sex tape, and should be encrypted strongly. Agreed.
However, I would say that anyone who stores
controversial/newsworthy/going-to-cause-you-trouble photos or video on a
device, and carries that device around, is asking for trouble, and should
have their head examined. The phone can get snatched, it is a specifically
targeted asset, it can be used to track you. etc. "But when there's no
internet, what do you do!!?!?!?!?!!!11Eleventy-one1111!!" You use a wifi
enabled device to take the stills and video off your original device, and
get it in the mail, or the hands of a courier. All they have to do is get
the damn thing to an internet cafe. or Dead drop it. or Cache it.
Something!  It's elemental tradecraft.
I didn't write this email for a couple of days so I could calmly read this
thread again. I read a lot more than I post, because I am here to learn. I
try to be polite, courteous, and respectful. That's a hint.
Thank you.

@_date: 2016-10-14 21:22:48
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Announcement: the SC4-HSM is now a FIDO U2F token 
Congratulations on your progress and much respect about your transparency
and request for a code audit

@_date: 2019-01-05 23:40:28
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Came up with a weird use case, got questions 
My mom passed in 2013. I had a nice day, where my wife, daughter, and
myself, went to an interesting and fun wedding today. I had a random
thought, that I would have loved to talk to my mom, and tell her about it.
Obviously, not possible, short of a OUIJA board. :)  So I thought about
writing a letter. So where do I post it?
So I thought of a website, where you can send letters to people, a la
Postsecret. But it's harder to anonymize electronic  messages.
Soooo, how about a system that automatically encrypts incoming emails? And
then, some time later, it decrypts, long after anyone who wrote those
letters is alive? Say 100 years. I'd write a letter to my mom which would
be auto-decrypted 100 years later and given to the public. A la Post
secret, and historical interest.
Any systems out there which will auto-decrypt, not based on a clock (which
can be spoofed), but instead based on an event, a piece of information, a
trusted info source? Something like the Long Now foundation's clock?
Weird use case, I apologize. Just a thought.

@_date: 2019-01-08 23:28:23
@_author: Joshua Marpet 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Came up with a weird use case, got questions 
--Agreed to a certain extent. In theory, this does make sense.
--Sorry, I disagree.  This is the "practice" part that I don't think would
work. Same problem as most secret societies. First generation secret
societies are all fired up, the next generation goes, "Why are we doing
this?" and stops. Unless there is a monetization or religious reason, it's
going to fail.
--yup. Agreed.
I love what you've talked about here. I just worry about the ramifications
of depending on, effectively, secret multi-generational societies.
 weird one. Maybe we should just set up a religion. :)
