
@_date: 2015-08-28 08:34:23
@_author: Julien Bringer 
@_subject: [Cryptography] AES Broken? 
2015-08-28 4:59 GMT+02:00 Ray Dillinger :
well, he says something true, that the AES S-box (SubBytes) is based on the
inverse transformation in GF(2^8) (which is known since Rinjdael
For the other claims in the document, this is another story... Your first
guess is the right one!

@_date: 2017-05-23 20:50:33
@_author: Julien Bringer 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Post-quantum RSA" 
Le 23 mai 2017 3:05 PM, "Jerry Leichter"  a écrit :
"Abstract: This paper proposes RSA parameters for which (1) key generation,
encryption, decryption, signing, and verification are feasible on today's
computers while (2) all known attacks are infeasible, even assuming highly
scalable quantum computers. As part of the performance analysis, this paper
introduces a new algorithm to generate a batch of primes. As part of the
attack analysis, this paper introduces a new quantum factorization
algorithm that is often much faster than Shor's algorithm and much faster
than pre-quantum factorization algorithms. Initial pqRSA implementation
results are provided."
The proposed parameters lives in a curious area somewhere between theory
and practice.  It isn't "theory" because it can't exclude the possibility
of incrementally faster quantum algorithms for factoring that would destroy
the tradeoffs.  (Then again, the same could be said of traditional
pre-quantum RSA!).  On the other hand, it's not really practical because
the recommended key sizes are around a terabyte - and they estimate an
encryption/decryption time of about 5 days.
Still, an interesting exploration of limits.
Oh - the authors include Daniel Bernstein and Nadia Heninger. :-)
                                                        -- Jerry
Thanks for the pointer. Dan presented an overview at Eurocrypt rump session
earlier this month. I was not sure they will come up with a paper.
I like the message it conveys: do not focus only on using power of quantum
computers for breaking schemes!

@_date: 2020-03-02 22:19:36
@_author: Julien Bringer 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Recognizing faces vs. recognizing a face 
The first case is an authentication, where you have a priorly claimed
identity or identifier and want to check if this is the genuine person, and
the second case is known as biometric identification where you are trying
to find the closest entries within your dataset to the newly captures
images (you may try to find only the closest without looking for the same
level of confidence as you would require for an authentication -- in that
case you generally output a list of potential candidates).
Indeed, authentication is usually easier to solve. This is nevertheless
true that performances of both systems are correlated in some way, but the
metrics are different, and case of identification depends on more factors
(in particular size of the reference dataset).
Julien Bringer
