
@_date: 2001-09-18 13:02:47
@_author: John W Noerenberg II 
@_subject: FC: Majority of Americans want anti-encryption laws, poll says 
Jay, beware of making such sweeping statements as "the press props...."  This is no more true than all Arabs are terrorists.
Does Princeton Survey Research Associates have a particular political agenda - or did they just blow it with this survey?

@_date: 2002-04-19 18:05:12
@_author: John W Noerenberg II 
@_subject: Schneier on Bernstein factoring machine 
Nah.  Paranoia is an unreasonable fear of persecution or distrust of others.  There are threat models which justify the use of cryptography that are entirely reasonable.  For example, using TLS to encrypt a session with your bank is a reasonable precaution against someone snooping your finances.

@_date: 2006-02-24 15:15:04
@_author: John W Noerenberg II 
@_subject: NPR : E-Mail Encryption Rare in Everyday Use 
While there is merit in arguing how to simplify the mechanics of using public key encryption for sending and receiving email, I cannot agree with this assertion:
If an individual wants to receive telephone calls, he has to agree to publish his phone number.  For many years, we tacitly agreed that our phone numbers would be published.  That a phone number was public information wasn't perceived as a problem.  But as the number of junk calls increases, the number of people who opt out of phone directories increases.  Today, more individuals decide that having a public phone number is a problem.
In this regard, public keys are just like cell phone numbers.  How many people know your cell phone number?  How did they get it?  You can't get a cell phone number from directory assistance.  So if you want someone to be able to call you on your cell phone, you have to give them the "key" to your cell phone.  If you want someone to send you encrypted email, you have to give them your public key.   It's the same thing.
Yet cell phones seem to be viable.

@_date: 2006-02-28 16:57:30
@_author: John W Noerenberg II 
@_subject: NPR : E-Mail Encryption Rare in Everyday Use 
Oh really?  Then you should be able to send a note to my gmail address.
And that distinction is?
To me a cell-phone number is a string of characters, and a public-key is - a string of characters.
And if (on purpose or by force) your cell-phone number is being monitored by an eavesdropper, MY call is compromised from the start and I have no way of knowing it.
There is no difference.
