
@_date: 2001-08-18 14:09:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: A year late and a dollar short? (was FC: U.S. government 
The day after Paul Sylverson's talk on onion routing at USENIX 10,
he described his attempt to get the counsel at Naval Research
Laboratory to obtain an open license for the technology, and how
he got a brush-off in favor of legacy-patenting whose procedure
was more familiar to the counsel and, not least, superior officers
at NRL (who, in the Navy traditional disdain for their engineers,
did not quite understand what the technology was or its exact purpose, much less the concept of sharing credit for naval research with unranked maverick civilians).
Now, the suspicious will wonder if ONI knew exactly
who Paul, Michael and David had been collaborating with
over the years of onion routing research, and whispered in
the ear of counsel and senior officers as if they worked for
a major ISP to exclude the people from the patent who
did not abide terms of joint mil/civ operations service,
that is to use civilian technology to cloak the classified
Open source is a contradiction for the mil, but not, as far
I've heard, with the NRL researchers. The guys whose
names are on the patent are likely taking the hit for upstairs
policy and those onion features below the routing.

@_date: 2001-12-10 09:49:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Informants 
According to the New York Times today the US Customs Service will be asking businesses to report "suspicious" customer requests for a range of threatening technologies, including "encryption devices," for shipping abroad.
For publication we'd like to hear of examples of Customs (or governments') contact about informing on crypto customers or about reporting downloads of free crypto if the request covers that as well: how the contact was made, the terms of the request, whether the reports are to be confidential, and any other useful information on broadening crypto controls.
Cryptome offers most of versions of free PGP from 2.62
through 7.03 as well as a directory for getting numerous
crypto programs around the globe:
  No record is kept of downloads.

@_date: 2001-12-12 23:16:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MS Patent for DRM OS 
Microsoft's patent for a Digital Rights Management
Operating System was awarded yesterday:
  A digital rights management operating system protects rights-managed data, such as downloaded content, from access by untrusted programs while the data is loaded into memory or on a page file as a result of the execution of a trusted application that accesses the memory. To protect the rights-managed data resident in memory, the digital rights management operating system refuses to load an untrusted program into memory while the trusted application is executing or removes the data from memory before loading the untrusted program. If the untrusted program executes at the operating system level, such as a debugger, the digital rights management operating system renounces a trusted identity created for it by the computer processor when the computer was booted. To protect the rights-managed data on the page file, the digital rights management operating system prohibits raw access to the page file, or erases the data from the page file before allowing such access. Alternatively, the digital rights management operating system can encrypt the rights-managed data prior to writing it to the page file. The digital rights management operating system also limits the functions the user can perform on the rights-managed data and the trusted application, and can provide a trusted clock used in place of the standard computer clock.

@_date: 2001-12-25 13:14:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FW: U.S. Police and Intelligence Hit by ISRAELI Spy 
>
The Fox News reports were yanked by Fox without explanation.
We've collected them from private archives and reposted:
  When the series first appeared it seemed to be another case
of Israel bashing, in particular the parts that rehashed years-old
allegations (we've linked to a 1996 GAO report cited by Fox,
and other alleged participants' Web sites). And the series may well be calculated disinformation, if not by Fox then by its sources. However, Fox's unexplained yanking the series is worth noting.
Except for a few comments on the Net, I do not know of mainline
media follow-up on the reason for the yank. If Fox found that the reports are in error, that is the sort of
thing that usually brings heat from competitors.
If the yank was due to government intervention that would
indeed be news, but hardly unprecedented these days.
If the yank was due to private intervention that too would be
worth learning about -- who, when, why.

@_date: 2001-12-31 12:25:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Scarfo Phase 2 
John Schwartz writes in the December 31 New York Times:
"A controversial system installed on a criminal suspect's computer by the government to capture the encryption passwords of a criminal suspect is nearing its second phase." Anybody have info or leads on the "second phase" of what appears to be the keylogging technology used by the FBI in the Scarfo case?

@_date: 2001-07-17 20:43:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USA v. Dmitry Sklyarov 
Here's the US Attorney press release and FBI
criminal complaint against Dmitry Sklyarov, the
Russian cryptologist arrested after Defcon and
accused of violating the DMCA for selling a
circumvention of Adobe's eBook protection:

@_date: 2001-06-12 08:57:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Thermal Imaging Decision Applicable to TEMPEST? 
The Supreme Court's decision against thermal imaging appears to be applicable to TEMPEST emissions from electronic devices.
And is it not a first against this most threatening vulnerability
in the digital age? And long overdue.
Remote acquisition of electronic emissions, say from outside a home, are not currently prohibited by law as far as I know. And
the language of the thermal imaging decision makes it applicable
to any technology not commonly in use.
Conventional wisdom of security wizards are that the emissions
are very difficult to acquire from more than a hundred yards or
so, but James Bamford claims in his recent "Body of Secrets" that
NSA was able to acquire leaky emissions from Russian crypto equipment 6 miles offshore Cuba in the 1960s. Advances in technology would presumbably increase that capability.

@_date: 2001-06-13 13:22:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WAS: Thermal Imaging Decision Applicable to TEMPEST? 
[And more on TEMPEST technics.]
Probably most people are not subject to TEMPEST attacks
in the same way they are not in need in crypto.
And as crypto protection gets built in to consumer products
as understanding for the need increases, it is probable that
similar protection against TEMPEST will be built into common
devices -- as David noted, this will likely come through regulations
of EMI, with lucrative add-ons for "mil-grade" protection.
In the meantime, again as with crypto, those at highest risk
are most definitely seeking TEMPEST protection as they
learn of the capability of intelligence agencies and their
commercial emulators to pry into a wide range of confidential
affairs. So says TEMPEST protection marketers.
Well-to-do persons are buying TEMPEST protection products
after being advised by financial and security consultants to
do so, and they want "mil-grade" stuff to protect against the
justice and tax investigators chasing them from country
to country often helped by intel, even mil-intel, snoops. Drug
kingpins are not the only buyers.
Sellers of TEMPEST products and services claim there is
a huge market, domestic and foreign, for their offerings, which
is hampered by export regs, again like crypto. Export approvals
go through processes similar to those of crypto a few years
back -- submit your product/service, and wait for an answer,
but not receive precise requirements beforehand. NSA does
the crucial review.
Some suspect that analysis of weaknesses of the products
is being done for future application. TEMPEST customers ask about this possibility and what could be done about it. And if
not satisfied they go looking to other countries for products.
Global persons are especially fearful of TEMPEST by their
own countries as well as the US -- whom they suspect of
cooperating with law and tax agencies worldwide through
burgeoning law enforcement and intelligence-sharing treaties along with export control regimes.
I also notice that more gov/mil advertisements for security
services and products now list TEMPEST requirements
right alongside encryption. Once the TEMPEST requirements
were confidential as were those for encryption.
The TEMPEST industry is booming, relatively speaking, and
look hungrily at the crypto liberation model. The dribs and drabs
we get out of NSA are lapped as if myrhh, not for what they
reveal but for what they portend could be coming.
Snake-oilers are rushing to reshape promo materials to fit
what is being FOIA-ed.
Now, what's coming next in secret comsec technology as the defense industry goes after mass markets, scaring
customers, selling them salvation?

@_date: 2001-06-23 12:23:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Snooping Domestic Crypto Materials 
Debate on whether the NSA spies domestically on US persons appears to be "yes" according to USSID 18, dated July 23, 1993, which was obtained by the National Security Archive a while back, for which we offer an HTML:
  Parts previously redacted concerning domestic surveillance are now  revealed, among them these provisions for acquiring and retaining indefinitely domestically acquired encipherments:
(2) Domestic communications reasonably believed to contain technical data base information may be retained for a period sufficient to allow a thorough exploitation and to permit access to data that are, or are reasonably believed
likely to become, relevant to a current or future foreign intelligence requirement. Sufficient duration may vary with the nature of the exploitation.   (S-CCO)
a. In the context of a cryptanalytic effort, maintenance of technical data bases requires retention of all communications that are enciphered or reasonably believed to contain secret meaning, and sufficient duration may consist of any period of time during which encrypted material is subject to, or of use
in, cryptanalysis. (S-CCO)
b. In the case of communications that are not enciphered or otherwise thought to contain secret meaning, sufficient duration is one year unless the Deputy Director for Operations, NSA, determines in writing that retention for a longer period is required to respond to authorized foreign intelligence or counterintelligence requirements. (S-CCO)
[End quote]
Again, these sections were censored in versions of USSID 18
previously made public, an 1980 version here:
  While the quoted material is a small part of the 52-page
document, variations on it are repeated more than
once, and seems to be the one exception to the
requirement to avoid domestic interceptions and
to destroy any that are inadvertently acquired.
The classification (S-CCO) is not explained but some
think it perhaps indicates material limited to the UK/USA
agreement and/or the Echelon partners. A better answer
is welcomed.

@_date: 2001-05-25 13:04:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Specialist Sought 
Perry, if appropriate to post, this person has asked that his request for crypto specialist be sent to Cryptography.
I am a telecom/satellite recruiter and have the following opening outside Boston. I confess that Cryptography is not something I know
much about. However the last 12+ hours of research has been fascinating but
I am getting frustrated. I think my opening is perhaps the result of the new
export regulations. I know I am way out of my league but could please help me, or direct me to someone who could?
The difficulty is that I need someone with secret clearance and project
management skills with a cryptography and hopefully a satellite background.
Bottom line is, do you know anyone that might be even a close fit? Most of
the folks I have been in contact with consider the phrase "NSA cryptography
review with secret clearance" an oxymoron. Someone has to be willing to be
the go between on these certifications. Please tell me where to go to find
that needle.
Thank you for any help you can provide.
Jeffrey Hilles, VP Networks & Wireless
Williams & Delmore, Inc.
Cryptography Specialist
Lead NSA certification for embedded cryptography in modern Satellite
Communication Terminals.  Analyze and allocate INFOSEC requirements at
System, HW and SW levels.  Review systems architecture, HW and SW and
provide guidelines for INFOSEC features.  Interact with NSA and other
Government reps, including preparation and presentation of INFOSEC PDR and
CDR material.  Generate and/or review certification documents including
Theory of Equipment Operation, Theory of Compliance, Security Fault
Analysis, INFOSEC SW documentation, and INFOSEC test plans, procedures and
reports.  Support mechanical and TEMPTEST design and related documentation.
Required ability to analyze requirements and implementation across a
broad spectrum ranging from high level requirements to requirements flow
down to detailed HW and SW implementation and mechanical design.
Understanding of state-of-the-art computer architectures, robust design
methods, and HW/SW tradeoffs.  Secret/COMSEC clearance essential.

@_date: 2001-10-08 23:24:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIAA Secret Meeting 
Anonymous reports on a secret meeting of RIAA:
   "On Thursday October 4 there was a closed-door RIAA meeting at the
Ritz-Carlton, which was 'a direction setting' meeting. The individuals of
note attending were:
  Hillary Rosen - RIAA Chief
  Steve Heckler - Sony Music
  Strauss Zelnick - BMG
  Edgar Bronfman - Universal
  Gerald Levin - AOL Time-Warner
  Ken Berry - EMI
  Leonardo Chiariaglione - SDMI Chair (Leaving Soon)
  Francis Jones - Codex Data Systems
  Fritz Hollings - Senator
  Ted Stevens - Senator
  Michael Eisner - Disney CEO
  Jack Valenti - President, MPAA
  Andy Grove - Intel CEO
  Lou Gerstner - IBM
  Yoishi Morishita - CEO Matsushita
  Tsutomo Kawata - CEO Toshiba
  Jay Berman - IFPI Chair
  Paul England - Microsoft Advanced Cryptography research group
One particularly disturbing fact is that Codex Data System's DIRT software is supposed to be restricted to law enforcement agencies, yet the RIAA, MPAA, and IFPI have all purchased it, and use it routinely to monitor servers which are suspected of infringing content, yet are password protected such as servers which require one to sign up for a password account like hotline servers
that have no guest download."

@_date: 2001-10-17 21:16:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IP: FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems (fwd) 
I believe this report refers to FBI guidelines whose implementaion
is being worked out by direct consultation with telecommunication   The original date of compliance with these guidelines was September 24, 2001, but after widespread complaint to the FCC from the telecomm industry about infeasibility of compliance by the deadline, the FCC granted an extension in time to be set for each service provider in consultation with the FBI. That FCC order is with the file above.
What other distinctive arrangments are being made with telecomm
providers may be difficult to determine since each can cut a deal
to fit its unique position without having to submit to a general
standard. It is not yet clear if these private arrangements will
be made fully public or if the FCC will allow concealment under
rubric of privileged business information -- or, to fit the times
of peril, for national security reasons.
It will be interesting which ISPs join the big time ranks of
legacy telecomm providers by offering services to fit the urgency
for all uniting in patriotic fervor to kill the ISP dissidents unwilling
to betray their customers. Lots of stellar Internet leaders changing
sides as reported in  National Journal's Technology Daily and
other media, not to say media itself.

@_date: 2002-02-06 11:25:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Conversation: Siva Vaidhyanathan -- Life in a Distributed Age 
Conversation: Siva Vaidhyanathan -- Life in a Distributed Age
Wednesday, February 6, 2002
5:30 PM
room: 210
Vanderbilt Hall
40 Washington Square South
New York, NY 10012
The Information Law Institute presents a lecture by Siva Vaidhyanathan, author of "Copyrights and Copywrongs: The Rise of Intellectual Property and How It Threatens Creativity." The talk will examine a series of conflicts
between models of distributed information and centralized information regulation. The Napster battle serves as the first case study. It then considers a series of seemingly disparate examples of similar tensions and clashes, including encryption, secrecy, privacy, and security. The talk argues that we must take a systemic view of such conflicts and discuss ways to preserve democratic processes that depend on relatively open information systems. The presentation will be followed by a discussion with Helen Nissenbaum and members of the
Cryptome/Cartome will cover this event. If you attend hit us up for free
drink and food afterward.

@_date: 2002-01-06 13:04:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: On ISPs Not Filtering Viruses 
We've also had bad luck in getting our ISP, Verio, to filter
viruses. The sysadmins we've discussed it with provide
varying explanations why this is not possible. Instead they
suggest workarounds to send the known varmints to null
or to a phony file name or even a file to collect them and
then be emptied periodically.
What is peculiar is that the sysadmins do not tell the same
story, instead offer vague explanations when pressed.
When we said we wanted to purchase (rent) new space on
alternative machines, we were told that would not solve
the problem. That even erasing the disks on our current
machine, and reinstalling system programs and our files
would offer only momentary relief for the viruses would return. The gist of all tales was that I would have to live
with the problem.
However, when I decided in frustration to switch to another
type of Verio service, a Verio rep told me to not believe what the sysadmins were saying, that the problem is not technical but administrative. However, he would not provide detail on what the administrative problem is. He promised the new
services he was offering would take care of the virus problem.
So we rented two new Verio machines to replace a single one
hosting our two sites, and split the archive to fit the two
domains. For several weeks we were virus free, and only
recently has a virus occasionally hit. And forgot about it
until the thread here appeared.
Now, we wonder if there is more to the virus filtering issue
than has been disclosed. Fore example, are ISPs covertly
assisting the authorities by not filtering, perhaps under
willing or unwilling non-disclosure agreements.
Some months ago we learned that Verio had been approached
by British intelligence to yank files from our sites and after
discussion with me Verio refused because the files did not
violate Verio's use policy. However, I learned during that
episode that law enforcment agencies often make requests
to the law department of ISPs for cooperation without providing
documentation of justification. A decision is made by the
ISP legal rep on whether to comply, and that usually is based
on the value judgment of the legal rep and familiarity with
the LEA contacts and/or procedures.
We learned from a friendly customer rep who happened to
agree with our publication of forbidden docs, that ISPs' legal reps keep in touch with each other on how to respond to official requests for assistance, whether to notify the target,
whether to comply quietly and what procedures to set up with the technical and customer support staff to deflect complaints
and press inquiries, how to keep a lid on past covert assistance, and how to respond to competition which may decide to exploit non-cooperation with authorities lacking court orders or other
After hearing this we better understand the possibility that
sysadmins and customer support personnel may have a variety
of reasons for refusing to filter besides indolence and poor
service -- that snooping and snarfing systems may installed, that a dragnet operation may be underway which covers the
territory of your machines though not necessarily targeting
you, or you may in fact be a specific target, authorized or
To be sure, inadequate service may be an attempt to get you
to upgrade your service contract -- as seems likely in our
case with Verio -- or there may be competition within an
ISP, particularly if it is a giant like Verio where departments
are forced to compete with each other -- again as we have
likely experienced with Verio.
We're now on our fourth iteration of Verio services, and would
have moved on had Verio not bucked British intelligence and
a few lesser attackers when other giants had cooperated. Still, we remain thoughtful about when Verio will do the dirty in the face of fearful terrorism or some other business opportunity
to attack rather than be attacked.

@_date: 2002-01-17 16:07:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: password-cracking by journalists... 
This is from the UK Independent today:
How they cracked the terrorists' code Getting to the heart of the documents contained in
the al-Qa'ida computer ? bought by chance by the
Wall Street Journal's reporter in Kabul ? meant
cracking the encryption of Microsoft's Windows
2000 operating system installed on the machine,
which had been used to protect the data. That is not a trivial task. Microsoft will only say
that if you lose the password that controls entry to
a Windows 2000 system, your best option is to
remember it ? or simply to wipe the machine and
start again. And its Encrypting File System (EFS),
which had been used to encode the files, is just as
strong. But the files were too valuable for that. Instead,
the team embarked on the task of breaking
through the encryption, which jumbles the
contents of the files so that even someone reading
the individual bytes of data stored on the actual
hard disk (rather than trying to access them
through the operating system, which had locked
them out) would simply find rubbish. Cracking the encryption meant finding the digital
"key" that had previously been used to unlock it.
That was not stored in any readable file on the
machine, for it was itself encrypted. The only way to reproduce it was to generate the
key from first principles: by trying various
combinations of random bits and trying to
decrypt the file with them, and seeing if it
produced sense ? or gibberish. Luckily, the PC had a version of Windows 2000
with an "export-quality" key ? only 40-bits long,
rather than the "US" quality, which being 128-bits
long would have been billions of times harder to
crack. Even so, it took the equivalent of a set of
supercomputers running for five days, 24 hours a
day, to find the key. But find it they did. The irony that the terrorists used a product made
by one of the US's biggest corporations to
protect plans it was making against it may not be
lost on an administration that recently relaxed rules
on the export of "strong" encryption. Tighter
controls may follow. By Charles Arthur [End excerpt]

@_date: 2002-01-29 20:08:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sklyarov's Motion to Dismiss Indictment 
We offer Dmitry Sklyarov's "Motion to Dismiss Indictment
for Violation of Due Process" filed yesterday:

@_date: 2002-01-31 13:18:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More Elcomsoft/Sklyarov Motions 
Thanks to Kurt Foss we offer two additional dismissal motions by Elcom/Elcomsoft  and Dmitry Sklyarov:
Notice of Motion and Motion to Dismiss Indictment for Lack of Jurisdiction
Notice of Motion and Motion to Dismiss Count One: Conspiracy

@_date: 2002-07-10 19:04:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pointers to Palladium Patent... 
A correction on the inventors of the alleged Palladium patent
from a Microsoft programmer:
Are you a good contact person for the information on the Microsoft DRM patent (6,330,670) on cryptome.org?
The pages linked from  say that the authors of this patent (England, DeTreville, and Lampson) were identified by Newsweek as Palladium programmers.
I can reliably state that I (DeTreville) am not a Palladium programmer, and neither is Butler Lampson.
I believe that the Newsweek article was referring to a different patent. I'm sure that the Palladium participants jointly hold a significant number of important patents in the field of computer security.
This message has been added to the file at:
  We would appreciate information on the alternative Palladium patent John DeTreville is referring to, or patents if the program
is based on several.

@_date: 2002-07-11 07:34:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Microsoft's Second DRM Patent 
Cryptome offers Microsoft's second patent on digital rights management, invented by the same three persons as the first, Paul England, John DeTreville and Butler Lampson:
  This second patent was issued on December 7, 2001, a week before the first available here:
  John DeTreville wrote on July 8, 2002, that neither he nor Butler
Lampson were Palladium programmers, as distinguished from Paul England
who was cited by Steven Levy in Newsweek as a Palladium programmer.
John referred to another patent underlying Palladium.
Cryptome did a search of the US Patent Office archives for other patents by the three inventors and for those assigned to Microsoft from 1996 to July 9, 2002. Only two patents for digtial rights management were listed, out of more than 2,000 Microsoft patents for the period:
the two referenced above on Cryptome.
Ross Anderson reported yesterday that MSNBC has pulled the Palladium article by Steven Levy, which is now here:
  See Ross's updated FAQ on TCPA and Palladium:

@_date: 2002-06-06 08:11:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Mass Market Crypto Exportable 
The US Bureau of Industry and Security published today:
    (108KB)
Revisions and Clarifications to Encryption Controls in the Export
Administration Regulations--Implementation of Changes in Category 5,
Part 2 (``Information Security''), of the Wassenaar Arrangement List of
Dual-Use Goods and Other Technologies
SUMMARY: This rule amends the Export Administration Regulations (EAR)
to reflect changes made to the Wassenaar Arrangement List of dual-use
items, and to update and clarify other provisions of the EAR pertaining
to encryption export controls. Consistent with the Wassenaar changes,
Note No. 3 (``Cryptography Note'') to Category 5--part II (Information
Security) of the Commerce Control List (CCL) is amended to allow mass
market treatment for all encryption products, including products with
symmetric algorithms employing key lengths greater than 64-bits, that
previously were not eligible for mass market treatment. As a result,
for the first time, mass market encryption commodities and software
with symmetric key lengths exceeding 64 bits may be exported and
reexported to most destinations without a license under Export Control
Classification Numbers (ECCNs) 5A992 and 5D992, following a 30-day
review by the Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) (formerly the
Bureau of Export Administration (BXA)). In addition, this rule, for the
first time, allows equipment controlled under ECCN 5B002 to be exported
and reexported under License Exception ENC. For all other information
security items, including encryption source code that would be
considered publicly available, this rule updates and clarifies existing
notification, review, licensing and post-export reporting requirements.
Restrictions on exports and reexports of encryption items to terrorist-
supporting states (Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan and
Syria), their nationals and other sanctioned persons (individuals and
entities) are not changed by this rule.
DATES: This rule is effective June 6, 2002.

@_date: 2002-06-21 18:57:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law.  
Data retention is being done now by programs and services
which cache data to ease loading on servers and networks.
No approval needed from  anybody, indeed, the service is
being offered as a cost saver and expeditor of net services
to ISPs and anybody else who might be eager to get around
restrictions on data retention, not because of privacy and
civil liberties concerns but because the increase in loading
and competition is driving the technology.
What will prevent an ISP from sharing its cached data retention,

@_date: 2002-06-22 19:02:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law.  
I appreciate what an honorable ISP admin will do to abide customer
rights over intrusive snoopers and perhaps cooperative administrators
above the pay grade of a sysadmin. Know that a decent sysadmin is on for about 1/3 of a weekday for 24x7 systems is a small comfort but
leaves unanswered what can happen:
1. During that time when a hero is elsewhere.
2. Upstream of the ISP, the router of the ISP and the nodes serving
routers, as well as at a variety of cache systems serving there various
3. At major providers serving a slew of smaller ISPs. In this case I
reported a while back of a sysadmin telling what my ISP, NTT/Verio,
is doing at its major node in Dallas: allowing the FBI to freely scan
everything that passes through the Verio system under an agreement
reached with NTT when it bought Verio.
No matter what a local sysadmin does with data, it remains very
possible that data is scanned, stored and fucked with in nasty ways
coming and going such that no single sysadmin can catch it.
End to end crypt certainly could help but there is still a fair abount
of TA that can be done unless packets are truly disintegrated and/or
camouflaged at the source before data leaves the originating box.
Pumping through anonymizers, inserting within onions, subdermal pigging back on innocuous wireless packets of the financial advisor
door, multiple partial sends, stego-ing, data static and traffic salting, bouncing off the moon or windowpane, what else can you do when
an eager beaver industry is racing to do whatever it takes to build
markets among the data controllers breathing hot about threats to
national security and handing out life-saving contracts to hard-up
peddlers shocked out of their skivvies with digital downturn.
No patriotic act is too sleazy these days that cannot be justified by
terror of red ink and looming layoffs.

@_date: 2002-03-05 21:26:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Optical Time-Domain Eavesdropping Risks of CRT Displays 
Markus Kuhn has released this after learning of Joe Loughry's announcement.
Announced 5 March 2002. To be presented at IEEE Oakland conference, May 2002
Optical Time-Domain Eavesdropping Risks of CRT Displays
Markus G. Kuhn
University of Cambridge, Computer Laboratory
JJ Thomson Avenue, Cambridge CB3 0FD, UK
mgk25 at cl.cam.ac.uk
A new eavesdropping technique can be used to read
cathode-ray tube (CRT) displays at a distance. The intensity of the light emitted by a raster-scan screen as a function of time corresponds to the video signal convolved with the impulse response of the phosphors. Experiments with a typical personal computer color monitor show that enough high-frequency content remains in the emitted light to permit the reconstruction of readable text by deconvolving the
signal received with a fast photosensor. These optical compromising emanations can be received even after diffuse reflection from a wall. Shot noise from background light is the critical performance factor. In a sufficiently dark environment and with a large enough sensor aperture, practically significant reception distances are possible. This information
security risk should be considered in applications with high confidentiality requirements, especially in those that already require ?TEMPEST?-shielded equipment designed to minimize radio-frequency emission-security concerns.

@_date: 2002-05-22 22:34:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Analysis of Neural Cryptography 
Analysis of Neural Cryptography
Alexander Klimov, Anton Mityaguine, and Adi Shamir
Computer Science Department
The Weizmann Institute, Rehovot 76100, Israel
{ask,mityagin,shamir} Abstract. In this paper we analyse the security of a new key exchange
protocol proposed in [3], which is based on mutually learning neural networks. This is a new potential source for public key cryptographic schemes which are not based on number theoretic functions, and have small time and memory complexities. In the first part of the paper we analyse the scheme, explain why the two parties converge to a common key, and why an attacker using a similar neural network is unlikely to converge to the same key. However, in the second part of the paper we show that this key exchange protocol can be broken in three different ways, and thus it is completely insecure.   3. Ido Kanter, Wolfgang Kinzel, Eran Kanter, "Secure exchange of information
  by synchronization of neural networks'', Europhys., Lett. 57, 141, 2002.
 (11 pages. 366KB)

@_date: 2003-04-02 14:58:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Logging of Web Usage 
Would you care to comment for publication on web logging described in these two files:
    Cryptome invites comments from others who know the capabilities of servers to log or not, and other means for protecting user privacy by users themselves rather than by reliance upon privacy policies of site operators and government regulation.
This relates to the data retention debate and current initiatives of law enforcement to subpoena, surveil, steal and manipulate
log data.

@_date: 2003-04-03 17:49:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Banned Citibank PIN Cracking Documents 
We offer some 27 documents on Citibank PIN cracking banned
by the British High Court on 20 February 2003:
  Included are the gagging order, affidavits of defendant cryptographers and affidavits of Citibank officials and security personnel.
See related message by Ross Anderson, a defendant:

@_date: 2003-04-15 12:01:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DMCA Crypto Software 
John Markoff reports today on Paul Kocher/Cryptography Research's proposed software protection of DMCA content:
  There's an October 2002 patent application for a similar invention by Paul Kocher, et al:

@_date: 2003-04-23 13:31:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Hearings on Copyright Circumvention 
[Federal Register: April 23, 2003 (Volume 68, Number 78)]
[Proposed Rules]
[Page 19966-19967]

@_date: 2003-04-30 07:48:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Query on Early NSA Crypto Patents 
Three formerly secret patent applications for crypto machines by William Friedman (filed 1933 and 1936) and Laurance Safford and Donald Seiler (filed 1944) were issued as patents in 2000 and assigned to the National Security Agency.
      Friedman's patents refer to his earlier patents in 1925 and
1936 which are available as images only at the US Patent It has been suggested that the patents refer to the Sigaba machine. Opinion on whether this true or the devices
shown are other models is invited.

@_date: 2003-08-12 21:49:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: South African Crypto Regulation 
We offer a recent South African government statement
on encryption import and export regulation:

@_date: 2003-12-11 05:08:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Revision of US Crypto Export Controls 
On December 10, 2003, the Bureau of Industry and Security issued
a final rule to revise the Commerce Control List which regulates
export of US technologhy. Below are excerpts involving encryption.
The full rule:
  [Federal Register: December 10, 2003 (Volume 68, Number 237)]
[Rules and Regulations]
[Page 68975-68996]
[[Page 68975]]

@_date: 2003-01-26 21:52:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Verizon must comply with RIAA's DMCA subpoena 
It will be more expensive to obey an ISP's lawyer and somewhat less expensive to sell tappable service. That's the way of economic intimidation. Cheapest is to ignore the subpoena and never seek legal advice. The ISP world won't collapse despite chicken little warning. And ISPs look like cowardly shits for caving. Ponder the lessons of defiant, dissident publishers, and plan to increase your sales by putting your customers before your firm.
ISPs are using lawyerly advice to cloak betrayal and cowardice.
Fire the ISP lawyer, especially if in house. Pay the difference to sysadmins willing to fight.
There's a stampede to comply with obnoxious law, better to throw a TIA party as D advises.

@_date: 2003-06-11 11:08:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Secrets of Computer Espionage: Tactics and Countermeasures 
New book by Joel McNamara who runs the Tempest website:
   Secrets of Computer Espionage: Tactics and Countermeasures
by Joel McNamara
Covers electronic and wireless eavesdropping, computer surveillance, intelligence gathering, password cracking, keylogging, data duplication, black bag computer spy jobs, reconnaissance, risk assessment, legal issues, and advanced spying techniques used by the government.
Author shares easily-implemented countermeasures against spying to detect and defeat eavesdroppers and other hostile individuals.
Addresses legal issues, including the U.S. Patriot Act, legal spying in the workplace, and computer fraud crimes. ISBN 0-7645-3710-5
384 Pages
June 2003

@_date: 2003-06-17 08:34:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Encryption Exports Clarified 
The Bureau of Industry and Security today issued:
Export Administration Regulations: Encryption Clarifications and SUMMARY: This rule amends the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) to clarify when encryption commodities and software may be given de minimis treatment, when short-range wireless devices incorporating encryption may be given mass market or retail treatment, and to provide guidance on when exporters are required to submit encryption review requests. It also expands the authorizations according to which travelers departing the United States may take encryption for their personal use, and clarifies that specially designed medical equipment and software are not controlled as encryption or ``information security'' items under the EAR. Finally this rule implements changes to the Wassenaar Arrangement List of dual-use items (agreed upon in the September 2002 meeting and finalized in December 2002) that eliminate from Export Control Classification Number (ECCN) 5A002 certain types of ``Personalized smart cards'' and equipment specially designed and limited to controlling access to copyright protected data.

@_date: 2003-06-17 20:43:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pre-cursor to Non-Secret Encryption 
James Ellis, GCHQ, in his account of the development of non-secret
encryption credits a Bell Laboratories 1944 report  on "Project
C-43" for stimulating his conception:
  The Possibility of Secure Non-Secret Digital Encryption
  J. H. Ellis, January 1970
  Reference: (1) "Final report on project C43." Bell Telephone   Laboratory, October, 1944, p.23.
The Bell lab paper appears not to be online.
Brian Durham notes that NSA has listed in its Open Door archive of declassified crypto papers several of which refer to a Project C-43 which investigated from 1941-1944 decoding of speech codes.
  NR 4242 ZEMA172 35374A 19410521 PROJECT C-43 PRELIMINARY   REPORTS
  NR 4243 ZEMA172 35375A 19411215 PROJECT C43 PRELIMINARY   AND PROGRESS REPORTS
  NR 4675 ZEMA43 21276A 19430130 PROJECT C-43 CONTINUATION   OF DECODING SPEECH CODES
  NR 3391 CBPM44 24215A 19441012 PROJECT C-43 DECODING   SPEECH CODES
The date of the last, October 12, 1944, corresponds to that of the
Ellis citation. If this is the paper Ellis is referring to, it is worth
noting the dates of the earlier reports, two in 1941 and one in 1943.
Two other reports in the NSA archive may be related:
  NR 2416 CBLM17 5452A 19420529 NRDC PROJECT C-32: AC   AND EC CASE NO. 22
  NR 4674 ZEMA43 21275A 19420131 FINAL REPORT ON   PROJECT C-32 SPEECH PRIVACY DECODING, 1942
Brian Durham will get copies of the paper for putting online,
but that may take a while. Meanwhile, we would appreciate hearing from anyone who has read the papers or may have copies of them to share
for publication.
Related: We have a three-year-old FOIA request to NSA for information on:
  The invention, discovery and development of "non-secret   encryption" (NSE) and public key cryptography (PKC) by   United Kingdom, United States, or any other nation's   intelligence and cryptology agencies, prior to, parallel with,   or subsequent to, the PKC work of Diffie-Hellman-Merkle. NSA has recently said that some responsive information may be released in the near future, although it is not clear if that is weeks or months or years away.

@_date: 2003-05-01 07:40:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Query on Early NSA Crypto Patents 
The three patents do relate to Sigaba. Here's a full description:

@_date: 2003-05-30 11:38:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "PGP Encryption Proves Powerful" 
If the FBI cannot crack PGP that does not mean other
agencies with greater prowess cannot. It is unlikely that
the capability to crack PGP would be publicly revealed
for that would close an invaluable source of information.
Intel crackers hardly ever reveal their most essential
tools, though there are orchestrated releases of
capability to mislead.
In the case of the VENONA decrypts, there have been
only partial public releases, along with misleading stories
about how the decrypts were done -- the official story they
were done only by dedicated cryptanalysts without help
of code books or other assists, that Russian carelessness
of OTP preparation provided the crib. Unofficial stories are that Russian codebooks were used, at least for some of the
decrypts -- Thomas Powers, for one, recounts this version
in several reprinted essays in "The Intelligence Wars." That
cover stories have been arranged for how the deciphering was actually done, some not privy to the hardworking NSA
An undisclosed amount of the VENONA messages remain
undeciphered, or at least not made public. Speculation is
that NSA and whomever do not want to tell the full story of
the decrypt capability, again, as with most intelligence agencies it is more beneficial to never reveal full capabilities,
in particular not to temporary allies with the understanding
that allies always spy on each other, whether those are US TLAs or foreign friends.
Ther recent opening of domestic cooperation among the intel
agencies and law enforcement will not likely get any of them
to share fully.
Still, it is impressive that PRZ valiantly argues that PGP is
algorithmically impregnable. That should satisfy its users as
well as its crackers. An uncracked code is the perfect spying
tool. Based on a mulitude of accounts of sophisticated espionage deceptions it might be suspected that is the origin of PK crypto, and why it was leaked, and leaked again, and
crypto export was eased, then greased again.
Presumably there will be periodic reports of cryptographic
impregnability to foster wider if not wiser use.

@_date: 2003-10-02 15:53:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reliance on Microsoft called risk to U.S. security 
The US General Accounting Office today issued "Critical
Infrastructure Protection: Challenges in Securing Control Systems," testimony before Congress yesterday, which discusses widespread infratructure vulnerabilities caused by increasing use of Microsoft OS, "Unix-like" systems and Internet protocols in process control. It describes
as well readily available information about control systems and why industry footdragging could impact national

@_date: 2003-09-09 15:53:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Code breakers crack GSM cellphone encryption 
We'd like to publish examples of GSM threatening researchers,
or threats from authorities instigated by GSM or by the
authorities themselves.
While not likely, did the recent GSM crackers mention at
Crypto 2003 any concern about being threatened by GSM
and friends. The researchers' comment in news reports that the crack had been sent to GSM for corrective action is Finally, did the GSM crackers mention withholding the paper
from public distribution in order to head off a threat.
Times are weird for researchers these days. Self-censorship
is a temptation when research funds are placed at risk, or
worse, when institutions and publishers run scared from potential threats and warn scholars to tread carefully.
Recall that Dr. Simon John Shepherd's research in 1994,
"Cryptanalysis of the GSM A5 Cipher Algorithm," is still being withheld as classified.

@_date: 2003-09-09 20:29:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GSM Crack Paper 
"Instant Ciphertext-Only Cryptanalysis of GSM Encrypted
Communications," by Elad Barkan, Eli Biham, Nathan Keller
    (18 Pages, 234KB)
Abstract. In this paper we present a very practical cipher-text only
cryptanalysis of GSM encrypted communications, and various active
attacks on the GSM protocols. These attacks can even break into
GSM networks that use "unbreakable" ciphers. We describe a
ciphertext-only attack on A5/2 that requires a few dozen milliseconds
of encrypted off-the-air cellular conversation and finds the correct
key in less than a second on a personal computer. We then extend
this attack to a (more complex) ciphertext-only attack on A5/1. We
describe new attacks on the protocols of networks that use A5/1, A5/3,
or even GPRS. These attacks are based on security flaws of the GSM
protocols, and work whenever the mobile phone supports A5/2. We
emphasize that these attacks are on the protocols, and are thus
applicable whenever the cellular phone supports a weak cipher, for
instance they are also applicable using the cryptanalysis of A5/1.
Unlike previous attacks on GSM that require unrealistic information,
like long known plaintext periods, our attacks are very practical and
do not require any knowledge of the content of the conversation.
These attacks allow attackers to tap conversations and decrypt
them either in real-time, or at any later time. We also show active
attacks, such as call hijacking, altering data messages and call

@_date: 2003-09-23 16:34:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: End of the line for Ireland's dotcom star 
Lynn and John Saylior have raised an important point. Who at Baltimore, or was once there, is likely to be able to
account for the security of the certs for customers who
still rely upon them? Not somebody to spin a fairy tale, but to truthfully explain what Baltimore has done to avoid betraying
the trust of its customers, or handing that trust over to others
who may not have Baltimore's scruples or be bound by its
Not that Baltimore's investors would give a hoot, but
customers might want to know who to challenge about
their private, once secure, data.
This matter is important for it is a bellweather of what's
to come with failure of other trusted parties or who or
bought by less scrupulous if more financially endowed
than always absolutely trustworthy crypto corporations.
The recent stink about betrayal of customer data with JetBlue, Acxiom and eBay is timely.

@_date: 2013-12-03 12:56:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Explaining PK to grandma 
Time marches on, the grannies are now the seasoned cryptographers.
Some of whom admit to now being maturely dotty and less cocksure
than in days of abysmal inexperience who were treated kindly by the
grannies of those days feeling no desire to fuck themselves to death,
ie, code demonicly.
Now fucked to death by NSA everybody is condemned to being a
grannie pretending to be quite sure how to regain youthful confidence,
hairy, wrinkle-free, lusty, contemptuous, vain, blithely stupid.
Slowly we, the grannies, wither and die, nobody wanting to hear their
groans and lies of past prowess, conquest and screw-ups (how many
grannies now call for a new kind of Internet, new kinds of comsec),
especially other grannies who have hopped on board Google's
immortality machine, jostling with the fast-aging boy wonders and
Schmidt to avoid Job's liver rot devouring their vainglory.
One of the virtues of advanced age, no matter the gender, is to
laugh at last of the delusional schemes of triumph, then advise
the patheticly malleable youngsters on how to avoid becoming
like us: Before all else, contribute 1/2 of your income to our dole
and hospice hustle. Aka social engineering security.

@_date: 2013-12-22 20:22:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RSA is dead. 
Cyber threats are a place where defense really can work.  It is such a shame the US government chose to militarize the internet instead of making it safer for everyone.  Safer for everyone, they are too jealous for that.
Schneier and others are making the same argument. That is one
of the reasons to appoint a civilian to head NSA, leaving Cybercom
to the military. Recall that DoD resisted setting up Cybercom but
was bribed to do it by Congress which wanted it to be given
a military couture with concomitant secret budgeting propounded
by lobbyists of the giant defense firms eager to protect their
interests threatened by win down of GWOT.
Militarization of the Internet could harm the US more than a
foreign power by elevating suspicion not only about the US
but the entire Internet. That could then lead to Balkanization
into regional and national nets with border controls. That then
leads to paranoia and ethnic suspicion about incursions,
violations, chauvinism and cultural isolationism which the
Internet aimed to overcome.
Behind all this is excessive official secrecy driven by parochial
national security interests -- governmental, economic, industrial,
political, and social. Undergirding the secrecy is secret funding
for parochial ideology, that is, patriotism and chauvinism.
So it is not only the military and spies to be blamed, it is the
entire private enterprise, led by the financial industry, exploiting
sacred national security for pecuniary gain.
It takes little knowledge of history to know this is what leads
to war, not polite cyberwar and diplomatic tussling, but the
bloody kind usually called war profiteering.
To scapegoat and stimatize RSA as if it is the only opportunist
is folly. To scapegoat and stigmatize Obama and the spies
is greater folly.
And dangerous folly appears in the making in the run-up
to public debate about the piddling Snowden releases, arguably
being slowly released to sustain pubic interest. Withholding
the full stash of revelations is to be seen as placing narrow
interests over greater public good of full understanding of
the means and methods, in particular the technology,
of excessive global spying which is likely to worsen
threats to the world by 5-Eyes and 9 Partners while
being deluded that these are the only implementers
and exploiters driven by a global industry designing,
marketing and staffing (ie, Snowdens) spying technologies
subject to no national law, fundamentlly an industry of
Hackers are prosecuted for what this industry is paid
handsomely to do protected by secrecy, NDAs,
copyright, proprietary law, lack of ethics, immorality,
and collusion. Bloodthirsty patriotism, in short, the
very vampirism which has led to global war again and

@_date: 2014-04-15 14:27:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA disclosure of vulnerabilities 
Would this paper count as NSA vuls disclosure? Its IA Guidance unit also claims to
disclose (mitigate).
The Inevitability of Failure:
The Flawed Assumption of
Security in Modern
Computing Environments
Peter A. Loscocco, Stephen D. Smalley,
Patrick A. Muckelbauer, Ruth C. Taylor,
S. Jeff Turner, John F. Farrell
tos at epoch.ncsc.mil
National Security Agency

@_date: 2014-04-19 10:07:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Inevitable Security Critiques, Promises and Lemons 
Gratifying to see a few of those here featured in NY Times today
discussing inevitable failures and contradictions in security:
To be read with Schneier's 2007 account of inevitable security lemons
(resurrected by Coderman):
Our security consumer advice based on frank, honest and distrustful
discussions here for nearly 18 years:
"Unreliable SSL has been uninstalled. All security and privacy policies are unreliable. Protect yourself against security and privacy promise."
Still hopeful Hettinga will plug these insider breaches of why marketing
lemonade is so lucratively persuasive to those who know better. And who
do not disclose here.

@_date: 2014-04-28 07:19:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] GCC bug 30475 (was Re: bounded pointers in  C) 
The criminal liability of NSA, other spies corps, orgs and comsec
wizards in de facto complicit deception and exploitation of the
public is a worthy topic to drag out of the hideaways.
It might be demonizing of the valiant code warriors to be described
as a Racketeer Influenced Criminal Organization operating under
the cheerfully duplicitous Open Source.
Open secrecy is the main tool of these sub rosa hoodlums,
Mafioso mathematicians wiggling out of responsibility by algo
shadiness and protestations of public service on behalf of
working around censorship to free the slaves for better use
producing cream for the privacy milkers.
Top of the cream milkers adopt the aggrieved innocence
when caught red-handed rustling public cattle, hello Mr. Bundy.
So sue me, they laugh, knowing no jury could possibly grasp
the arcane lingo the bozos use to semaphor signals about their
nefaria promoted as good for the commonweal.  Subsidize
us, befuddled citz, kachink.
A huge market ripoff, comsec, privacy and freedom of the
Internet. Simple beginnings with a few crafty ne'er do well
engineers, mathematicians and scientists, avoiding penal
labor in labs, factories and spynests, setting up a quiet
racket to control and monetize crypto, comsec and privacy
while selling hacks and snitching to the fuzz downtown.
Which has produced a boom in profits and reputations
for the TLA- and nick-named coders, hackers, exploiters,
leakers, promoters, apologists, yes, even populist heros
and awards winners from Anonymous to Alexander to
Snowden and this very list of who's who in wily coyotes.
Code-wielding Corsicans never had it so good since
the opening of the Internet frontier to unfettered gangsters
claiming to be comsec enforcers for Judge Roy Bean west
of Silicon Valley).
Just saying howdy to my gang of cypherpunks free rangers
for whom working around law-enforcement fences while
informing, backdooring, and cheating on each other is
top secret code of silence Omerta.

@_date: 2014-08-11 16:52:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A post-spy world 
"We are moving toward a post-spy world, according to the guy that runs the CIA's venture capital arm."

@_date: 2014-12-04 08:24:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA OPULANT PUP A5/3 Crypt Attack 
NSA OPULANT PUP A5/3 Crypt Attack released by The Intercept 3Dec2014
Along with 62 pages on NSA AURORA GOLD et all
 (26.8MB)

@_date: 2014-12-06 16:39:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Forgetting the Lesson of Cypherpunk History: 
Bill Blunden, "Forgetting the Lesson of Cypherpunk History: Cryptography Is Underhanded," Truthout, December 6, 2014.

@_date: 2014-12-12 21:01:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Keith Alexander's IronNet Cybersecurity Comsec 
Recognize former (and current?) NSA officials, among 30, working for
Keith Alexander's IronNet Cybersecurity, Inc.

@_date: 2014-12-28 18:14:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor 
Der Spiegel released largest single day number of Snowden docs today,
666 pages, on NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor.
We offer a RAR of the 44 docs:
 (197MB)

@_date: 2014-12-28 19:43:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptome] Re: [cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, 
mail.com>
File size varies with programs. A screen shot of the RAR tally

@_date: 2014-12-29 08:20:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH,  Tor 
From discussion on these lists and elsewhere tampering with
data can, does, occur at every software and hardware hand-off,
with each self-serving iteration having hidden and vulnerable hardware
and software undisclosed malignity, no matter the security ostentatiously
applied: reputation, credibility, impeccability, highly trusted, crypto,
hashes, fail by ruses of unexamined modules and inevitable, unavoidable
deceptions of too little skill, too little time, too little suspicion, driven by
need to pay alimony, debts, IRS, loutish family's begging.
Selected hand-offs of innumerable:
Multiple devious inventors, manufacturers and handlers inside and outside NSA
Devious NSA leaking like a sieve to madly grabbing everything devious Snowden
Snowden madly shoveling everything to multiple exceptionally devious media persons
Multiple media persons to hyper devious lawyers, publishing staff, tech experts, govs consulted
Devious selections of data to publish, then revised, then corrected
DEvious posting on outlet web sites and shoveling to cohort journos
Devious "authenticating" of docs (the prime deception)
Deviously orchestrated subsequently:
Downloads of docs
Sharing of docs
Archiving of docs
Dropboxing, torrenting of docs
Biased analysis and cherrypicking of docs
Multiple tagging and piggybacking and implanting of docs
Shading, smearing, vaunting, lying about docs
Accusing and defending about docs
Writing, lecturing, TEDing about docs
Dismissing of docs, the threat, the countermeasures
Then deviously shipping, shopping fools to take blame
by signature-bold leaders of pro and con opportunities
or to a prize ceremony for valorizing the criminal prize-funder
and bestowing generous tax avoidances.
These vulns and subterfuges and braggardies are as old as
comsec, hyperbolized by the digital era for rep building,
monetizing, and political ideology. These lists survive on
ingesting these toxic fumes and expel multiple recyclings
of them for jingle-jangle of gullible consumers, here as in
in the spy agencies working the yokels.
"NSA" or some monstrous threat -- God, Google, Cisco, MS --
is inside our skulls and peripherals, left brain in mortal combat
with the right brain, digital vs analog. Or so we imagine the two
halves pretending opposition like officials and anarchists to
outfox deviously malign genitalia orchestrating brain to slave at
getting food, air and water -- rigging the mind game to lose
after 60-70 years of wanking the slot handle obsessively.
Hash this motherfucker, said math to germ.

@_date: 2014-12-30 07:17:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, 
mail.com>
Cryptome does not pretend to provide illusory security, that is security.
It is a vile, rotten, corrupt endeavor, like life. Chuckle.
Visitors, readers, consumers must be skeptical of security, and not rely
upon security promoters, their followers and investors who exploit
dependency by fear uncertainty and doubt.
Skepticism of security claims and methods is one of the purposes of
these lists. Perhaps the main purpose, although it is commonplace for
these lists to be used for soliciting befuddled consumers to hop aboard
the gravy train. Now and then skeptcism of the security arises but is usually
suppressed during times of crisis when incentive is rich to promote poor
products and services. Governments, commerce, orgs, experts cooperate
to foster crises under guise of opposition.
This applies to all forms of security, safety, protection, defense, hygienic
Still, Cryptome endorses the continuing struggle to improve citizen
protection, not only as a job, career, industry, but as citizens' obligation
to bear responsibility for the commonweal against its inside and outside
enemies, if you will, common math against the deadly germs.
One way to do that is to not oversell it, tone down the threats, reduce
drumbeating, avoid hyperbole for and against, forego advertising,
gang-bang hectoring, circle jerk conferencing, TEDing, prize bestowing,
to quietly invent, improve, critique, test, apply, re-test often, expect to
be deceived by colleagues witting or unwitting, especially by sales,
politicians, authoritarians -- the persistent germs.

@_date: 2014-12-31 08:01:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Snowden Paywalled 
Free: 577,131 documents (millions of pages) informing public debate: Paywalled: Snowden: 3,361 pp of 58K-1.7M files:

@_date: 2014-12-31 10:38:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Snowden docs show none are originals of spies 
PDF properties of Snowden docs show none are originals of spies. Likely sanitized-redacted by Snowden/outlets, originals need open scrutiny.

@_date: 2014-02-09 07:56:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Snowden Drop to Poitras and 
Correct, page 13 was missing. Thanks. Now added.
Page begins with "his head. But Snowden told her:"
Ends with "Even with Assange's"

@_date: 2014-02-09 10:32:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Snowden Meets MacAskill, Poitras and Greenwald 
Snowden to MacAskill, vehemently: "GCHQ is worse than NSA. It's even more intrusive."

@_date: 2014-01-14 11:09:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference  boycott 
Shirley Jackson, The Lottery, sacrificing  a victim purges guilt
of the guilty.
Does anyone really believe RSA is alone in this "betrayal?"
And that making an example of RSA will stop the industry practice
of forked-tonguedness about working both sides of the imaginary
fence of dual-use, dual-hat, duplicity of comsec?
"Industry standards" were invented and are sustained for this
purpose. No matter NSA, RSA, IETF, NIST, this breast-beating
list of the guilty cryptographers pretending they did not know
what their best customers and employers are doing.
Boing Boing is being played like the crypto promotional wargame
is played.

@_date: 2014-01-14 17:25:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference  boycott 
If courageous, Rivest, Shamir and Adelson can be burnt in effigy.
Their initials once were rightly world famous, and to smear these
distinguished gentlemen by vulgar opportunistic protest instigated
by noobs with less than zero comprehension of cryptography
should be condemned not debated.
James Bidzos raped the three once, twice, thrice, then hid his
corporatorizing crime under skirts of EMC. Don't ravage his
Protest, sure, but demonstrate what to protest for effectiveness,
not idiotic sloganeering of a logo. Hell, long-time duplicitous
IBM deserves deeper anger than RSA. DES and much more.
Go big and really bold. Protest the Waasenaar Arrangement,
the greatest rigging of the dual-use technology market ever, and
the world's greatest gang of cheaters, bribers, underhanded
dealers of contraband, most of it lethal, far deadlier than crypto.
Greenwald blogs there are cryptographers and comsec experts
reviewing Snowden's material for future releases. Presumably
the highly ethical reviewers have a clear shot at avoiding release
of their own names and firms. They will cheat, that's certain.

@_date: 2014-01-14 19:48:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA 
But open source is compromised as well, for the same reasons
and by the same parties. Some claim open source was born of and
is powned by the spies. No problema, overcoming compromises
of parentage has forever been the fundamental, albeit futile,
crypto challenge.
Even precious OTP is compromised, the "gold standard" of
industry pure-blooded progeny. No matter, cryptologists are
dogged and faithful as rutting canines. One or two mad but
considered geniuses, placed on virtual pedestals, then back
to wild-rut cheating, lying, stealing and high-selling to evildoers.
This is a thumbnail of "The Codebreakers." Come to think
of all security volumes. Ross Anderson has amusing comments
on this onanist bazaar in "Security Engineering," which, book-rich
Schneier, no slouch at unfettered self-rutting, moans 'It's beautiful.
This is the best book on the topic there is.'

@_date: 2014-01-15 13:31:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference  boycott 
With a $67B security market heading to $87B by 2016 why
would any security firm settle for RSA piddling racketerring?
Not saying the RSA bashers are diverting attention from their
venality, that would be contrary to industry ethics to hide and
be hidden, by that I mean journalism and advertising, publicity
and campaign bribery, donations to computer education and
conferences, dark web sales to rogues and spies, plagiarism
and huffy indignation, sabotage and thievery, copyright and
DMCA takedowns, well, why preach in this smokey chapel to
the stogie-sucking porkies, don't they pay minimum taxes to
betray the privacy of ordinary taxpayers who pay the most.
FatSec Preacher bellows: Is there any industry more corrupt
than the fatuous security industry?
FatSec Believers yell back: Nope, and newcomers are flocking in.
And so, the sated toads toddle out to fancy chariots stashing
drunken investor bedmates, croaking,
"And we bloated firms are getting much fatter on hackers.
and we pay them shady bitcoins them to boost the flab."

@_date: 2014-01-16 10:28:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference   boycott 
Punishing RSA is work for bloodthirsty media and its fans. Public
crypto needs much better to offer the public than entertaining
evanescent revenge.
3DES is intriguing. Publicizing a list of other well-tested ciphersystems
would be constructive alternatives to "nothing can be done, authority always
wins." Public loss of trust in any comsec and crypto is ever present.
As a consumer, I want you to give me something useable and reliable
for ordinary use not weapons-grade illusion of infallibility. Ban the use
of "unbreakable." Stop tinkering with old reliable OTP with digital
simulacra. Stop blaming users for faulty implementation.
Civil engineers never say a dam is infallible, they say it will fail, watch
for well-known weak spots, prepare to patch and maintain continuously,
and never forget the disasters of over-confidence, limited construction
budgets, cut backs in maintenance, and water policy exploiters.
Earthen dams without sluices, relying upon mass and gravity, outlast
reinforced concrete "monoliths" perforated with umpteen ways to
monetize the water flow, nowadays usually to run more server farms
near hydropower facilities.
I'd like an earthen dam crypto tool I can watch myself for leaks.
I got PGP 2.6. Anything better that is not reliant up commercially
biased assurances?
BTW, why is PGP Inc and IBM Inc not being bashed like RSA Inc?

@_date: 2014-07-15 13:58:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] VCAT report on NIST's process review 
But, Ben, doesn't this Reuters report today reassure all is well in
crypto colonialism?
 Experts report potential software "back doors" in U.S. standards
BY JOSEPH MENN
SAN FRANCISCO, July 14 Mon Jul 14, 2014 8:58pm EDT
(Reuters) - U.S. government standards for software may enable spying by the
National Security Agency through widely used coding formulas that should be
jettisoned, some of the country's top independent experts concluded in papers
released on Monday. ...
As a whole, the panels recommended that NIST review its obligation to confer
with the NSA and seek legal changes "where it hinders its ability to
independently develop the best cryptographic standards to serve not only the
United States government but the broader community."
They also urged NIST to weigh the advice of individual task force members who
made more dramatic suggestions, such as calling for the replacement of a
larger set of curves approved for authenticating users, in part because they
were selected through unclear means by the NSA.
"It is possible that the specified curves contain a back door somehow," said
Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor Ron Rivest, a co-founder of
RSA and the source of the letter R in its name. Though the curves could be
fine, he wrote, "it seems prudent to assume the worst and transition away."
More broadly, Rivest wrote, "NIST should ask the NSA for full disclosure
regarding all existing standards... If NSA refuses to answer such an inquiry,
then any standard developed with significant NSA input should be assumed to
be `tainted,'" absent proof of security acceptable to outsiders.
In an email exchange, Rivest told Reuters that "NIST needs to have a process
whereby evidence is publicly presented" about how the curves were chosen.
The curves faulted on Monday had been questioned by outsiders after media
reports in September said the NSA could break much widely used security
software, without detailing which ones or how. "These curves are ubiquitous
in commercial cryptography," Johns Hopkins University professor Matthew Green
said in an interview. "If you connected to Google or Facebook today, you
probably used one."
Rivest's long association with RSA, now part of electronic storage maker EMC
Corp, made his remarks more poignant. But prominent task force colleagues
including Internet co-creator Vint Cerf and Ed Felten, former chief
technologist at Federal Trade Commission, also gave strongly worded verdicts
on the Department of Commerce unit.
"It cannot be accepted that NIST's responsibilities should be co-opted by the
NSA's intelligence mission," wrote Cerf, who now works at Google Inc.
While Rivest called the internal history of Dual Elliptic Curve a "smoking
gun" with an "almost certain" NSA back door, Felten wrote that NSA might not
remain alone in its ability to use it and other possible NIST-approved holes
for spying.
In each of three cases, including Dual Elliptic Curve and the more common
curves faulted by Rivest, Felten said the suspected back door access "reduces
the security of users against attack by other adversaries, including
organized crime groups or foreign intelligence services."
The NSA might have been able to generate curves that pass cursory security
tests but are still breakable through the aid of sheer computing power,
because it can try millions of curves and get a few that fit its goals. But a
researcher working for another country could discover the flaw, Felten said.

@_date: 2014-07-23 22:01:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Increased and Diverse Disclosure Initiatives Needed 
Cryptome has canceled the Kickstarter. Following the purpose of
the kickstarter it urges support for increased and diverse disclosure
A few suggestions:
1. Many more and diverse disclosure initiatives are needed to broaden
public participation, to diversify content and to increase unpaid access.
2. They should be novel and unexpected.
3. They should evolve and avoid being static, preferrably brand-free.
4. These may be online, offline or neither, inventive and variable.
5. They may be short- or long-lived or episodic and erratic.
6. Might be hit and run, for a single disclosure or unpredictable series.
7. Provided by individuals, groups or variable.
8. Funded by individuals, groups or variable.
9. Anonymous, nonymous, pseudononymous or variable.
10. Legal, extra-legal, quasi-legal, pushing against legal or variable.
11. Low-key, low-profile, low-recognition, the opposite or variable.
12. Reputable, disreputable or variable.
13. Risky, dangerous, outrageous, the opposite or variable.
14. Citizens' duty should be to disclose, resist secrecy, official secrecy most so.

@_date: 2014-07-26 07:22:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] hard to trust all those root CAs 
Hardly that simple. Crypto-use prosecutors reveal a range
of grand jury-approved charges to shock and awe the
defendant and attorney, supported by NSLs and affidavits
from crypto correspondents and associates; statements of
relatives and lovers; alleged documented kiddie porn
viewing or stalking; retrieved old accusations of minor
and major crimes; copies of hidden account bank
statements and evidence of tax avoidance; and a battery
of the usual (and legal lies) of investigators. Layout the
years of imprisonment facing the defendant and an offer
of a plea to save the state expense of a trial. Then show
how many previous defendants have succumbed to the
reality of defiance, its impact on family, friends and career.
Then show documents on the sentencing and jailing of
brave defiers.
Unless you have been through this, with much of it kept
secret to protect means and methods of investigation and
prosecution, prepare for an exciting first time on the actual
hot seat, not on TV or online where hypnotic disinfo rules
and seduces the unwary to believe tickling the comsec
tiger's tail is fantasic rep building.
Just in the last few years dozens of comsec-believing
tail ticklers have been given that miserable vacation in jail.
Thanks to the bountiful promo of delusional comsec by really
dedicated civil libertarians who rove free of barbed wire,
daily cleaning of toilets and restricted use of computers.
The upside of comsec lessons learned is to go on the
well-paid speakers jaunts worldwide to peddle dos and donts of
NSA-proof comsec. NSA will subsidize your start-up and vouch
for your credentials, so will prosecutors, wardens, former
friends, angry relatives and those crypto-users you ratted
on for lesser penalty..

@_date: 2014-07-28 16:30:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Systems Abroad Query 
What is NSA "WB Quad System" for GCHQ, Amberwind (PL), TIGERFIRE (IN), IBIS (AU, JP), GCSB SSO Site (NZ):
This is an NSA travel expenses report. Via Jason Leopold.

@_date: 2014-06-07 08:02:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police 
mail.com>
Is there reliable evidence that putting mobiles in a fridge is any
better illusory comsec than putting pillows around the door also
comically exhibited to clueless journalists favored by Showman
Snowden? Or at least as tall-taled by comical Glenn.
Or for that matter, Ed's laughable assurance that "encryption works."
Recently touted on cue by the great corporations and NYT today
as a public deluding pretense of privacy and comsec crafted by
exculpability lawyers now as in the past.
1990s crypto disinfo marketing has returned with a gush. Clap
loudly for "Reset the Net" sponsored by the ever duplicitous
corporations uninterruptedly cooperating with the uninterrupted
spies. Clap for the uninterrrupted displeasure of the spies at
the corporations uninterrupted resistance. Clap for the NYT
uniterruptedly reporting this as dramatic news "in response
to the Snowden revelations."
Meanwhile NYT, Guardian, WaPo, Greenwald, Poitras and
a slew of accomplices continue to withhold 97% of the
alleged Snowden wad "to avoid harm to the nation" as well
as to avoid harm to the spy business of all nations.
Non-interruptous coitus of the public abounds by the
comsec industry.

@_date: 2014-06-07 08:08:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Internet Giants erect barriers to spy agencies 
No they haven't, Jim, you know that is a con from the 1990s.
Same type of corporations pushing the deceptive scheme,
matched by "displeasure" of the spies.
How in hell did the FOI-privacy warriors jump on board this
fraud except by donation bribery. Shame on them for
monetizing that "encryption works." In the days of old as

@_date: 2014-06-07 14:04:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Internet Giants erect barriers to 
"I feel there's an important implicit reference there I'm missing.
What con in the 90s are you referring to?"
The crypto wars of the 90s appeared to have been won, but instead
were lost by misunderstanding of the deeper battlefield, and the craven
patriotic nationalistic retreat from global devotion after 9/11. Dissidents
became quiescent about NSA, warned of popular backlash to
funding and reputation by challenging authority during crisis.
Crypto and comsec promotion was curtailed, sensitive files
were withdrawn, private words were whispered to "don't go too far."
Protect the nation became dominant, to hell with foreigners as
foreigners said to hell with the US. Music to all nationalistic spies
Snowden's nationalism (don't harm the US) has brought nationalism
back into fashion as US firms struggle to maintain global markets,
not least by deploying technology funded by US spy industry, now
as in the 1990s. Technology which the Snowden outlets continue
to withhold, allegedly due to a pact with Snowden (withheld 97%
of Guardian's claim, 99.999% of what DoD claimed).
So rigged crypto is again being touted as the holy grail of comsec
and privacy, by pretty much the same parties united in the 1990s
by common nationalistic and economic interests cloaked in
globalist market-freedom propaganda. "We have to help our
spies because they help their spies steal economic secrets."
9/11 failure of spies continues to be used as a rationale for
more obsequiously, subversively, secretly empowing them.
Is Snowden a tool, witting or unwitting, for this, hard to say,
but his claim of "encryption works" certainly has the ring of
enthusiastic crypto deception of the 1990s. Ring so beloved
of the legal teams fronting the "lawful interception" deception
movement, then and now.
Note that all the hurrah about Reset the Net embraces the
notion that corporations will institute cryptographic protection
subject to lawful interception, the timeless evasion of faulty security
where comsec promises are never fulfilled, and only fools would
believe them, for goodness sake, have you no understanding
of the real world?
Comsec wizards chuckle on mail lists and at industry standards
settings, our industry is fundamentally cheating, lying, stealing
and taking adherents for a ride, spies our principal customers.

@_date: 2014-06-09 10:56:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Help investigate cell phone 
I have here a list of the most scurrilous practitioners of
"encryption works" culled from 3,000 years of work by the
black-hearted magicians. Or get it from The Codebreakers,"
or from the usual suspect online bibliographies of cryptography,
provided by "highly trustworthy" encryption workers of these
noble lists of more lurkers than workers.
Many interpretations of "encryption works," besides advocating
its public use. It works to falsely assure, it works to lure victims, it works
to boost the industry, it works to keep cryptographers employed,
it works to conceal government, commerce and individual
perfidy. All these are regularly discussed in these cryptic mail lists
along with related essential subterfuges, lies, cheating, shading,
marketing, false confessions, vicious attacks and counterattacks,
deceptions, siphoning and corrupting mail lists, well, the list
is quite long and growing as long as stego noses.
Main reason to read these cryptic railings, enthusiasms and
digital stench of lurking snake oilers, is to pick up tips on
who's up and who's down, who's products and research to
avoid, and who is spreading vile comsec diseases by contracts,
by legislation, by implants, backdoors, trap doors and brazen
front doors (top global corps and govs), by protection against
the easiest protected and no protection against the hardest
kept quiet for exploitation and handsome sales on black,
white, grey and technicolor markets (the top corps and govs).
Hardly an industry group has benefited from the Internet as greatly
as the comsec and privacy protection workers of the world's
greatest spying machine.
 Please son?t

@_date: 2014-06-09 11:53:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 0x7D531E84 Disseminating 
C400 040D 6C36 C7B0 B680  6E25 EA30 0D8A 7D53 1E84

@_date: 2014-06-09 11:54:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by police 
>
Tinfoil is not sufficent any more due to increased sensitivy of
interceptors. False protection left in place as ploy.
False TEMPEST protection is especially effective, the best
remains classified in a rolling fashion: more leaked to delude
the more unleaked of what works. Inadvertent emanations
are increasingly inadvertent as research in those waves
leaps by giant bounds.
Not news to this crafty gaggle of uncontrollably paranoidic
deceptors braying about faults, patches, new faults, new
paths, rolling thunder to panic herds of panic-herders,
pardon, infiltrated standards setters.
Jim, you may be the only experienced expert here in
betrayal by trustees inside and outside the penal colony,
pardon, West of the Pecos justice rigged-comsec
industry. All hail MIT, industry leader of techno-rigging.
BTW, are you at liberty to reveal the secrets of bio-chemical
TEMPEST? The inadvertent body odor is somewhat more
reliable than facial and corporeal. Rumor of testing on the
bio-chem harvesting in prisons, separation of sexes into
their many varieties of posturing, impostering, hybridity
and crossings.
After 9/11 batteries of full sprectrum bio-chem sensors
were set up in NYC transporation nodes, pretending to be
about snffing for bombs but actually about varieties of
human emanations. Later transformed and cloaked into
the Microsoft-NYPD Domain Awareness program which
pretended to be about data-gathering and infiltrating
suspected terrorist conclaves, vaunted by resucitated
HUMINT, but about, well, that's not for the inexperienced
emanator to know.

@_date: 2014-03-06 10:01:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] See??? Satoshi Nakamoto Smeared 
Leah McGrath Goodman
What a piece of shit reporting. Journalists compulsively play
pop psychologist is reporting on targets to obscure their
lack of technical capability. When ridiculed for this they
say readers want the gossip because they too lack technical
Not a single journalist resists the temptation for slimey personal
analysis to boost sales from Obama to Putin to Satoshi, from
NY Times to Guardian to WaPo to Wired to The Intercept.
Still the tech firms suck up to the ignorant outlets for lurid
coverage, crypto firms now leading the pack to promote
comsec panic for digital cash-in. You, once honorably corrupt,
dear cpunks, should be raking it in as if in compelled to
rationalize cryptoligarchy.
Fuck them dead, the whipsawing comsec windfall bandits.

@_date: 2014-03-07 14:31:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Are Tor hidden services really hidden? 
"Also keep in mind that there are no confirmed on the record cases to
date of a Tor 'break/weakness' having been used to find a user. It
appears to be only user error."
One of the perdurable claims of comsec promoters is that comsec
breaks and weaknesses inevitably turn out to be user errors. Exactly
who the fictitious user is remains obscure but assuredly means
somebody other than the comsec promoter user who inevitably
offers a greatly improved product, trust them.
Tor is especially adept at blaming users, itself faultless except for lack
of volunteers to patch its innumerable holes (caused by clueless users),
so much so one might think that is a feature derived from the religion
of national security (actually that is its source and shows its heritage
of exculpability) which inevitably fails due to lack of funding, political
  will, public support, unwillingness of youngsters to die for officer
careers, that is customers must suffer for company profits.
Has there been a better account of inevitable exculpability for
inevitable comsec failure than that by NSA in 1998?
Still hope continues -- thanks to Edward Snowden and his legions
of inevitable comsec failure promoters:
Cyber Security Market Forecast 2014-2024: Prospects For Leading Companies in Military, Government, Critical Infrastructure & Private Sector Protection
Defence report
Cyber attacks continue to dominate the headlines, and with good reason. While the threat of cyber security is often exaggerated, there is no doubt that the enhanced networking of society has created substantial vulnerabilities lurking within its interconnected pathways. With attackers able to strike from anywhere and inflict damage on a significant (but often unnoticed) scale, the threat has never been greater to the reams of knowledge held by governments and enterprise. There is also the threat to military information sharing networks representing a significant challenge: in an era of increased integration between systems and platforms, the very webs which act as force multipliers could collapse. Efforts to counter these extensive vulnerabilities are presently ongoing to an impressive degree, and the speed of these developments is not expected to lessen unduly. As a consequence, visiongain has assessed that the value of the global Cyber Security market in 2014 will reach $76.68bn.
Why you should buy Cyber Security Market Forecast 2014-2024: Prospects For Leading Companies in Military, Government, Critical Infrastructure & Private Sector Protection

@_date: 2014-05-02 09:35:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA TEMPEST NONSTOP Document Released 
Just declassified and released after 8 years from FOIA request:
NSA TEMPEST 01-02 NONSTOP Evaluation Standard (Oct 2002):
 Compare NONSTOP Techniques from 1975:
Both heavily redacted but comparison may fill in missing.
The TEMPEST researchers at Cambridge may have full documents.
What say?
Our compilation:

@_date: 2014-05-07 07:10:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] General Keith.. so great to see you.. 
Not only the cyber titans were treated to classified briefings
by NSA but also journalists, a number of them since the Snowden
releases, continuing a long tradition of cultivating amplifiers
and opiners in just about all fields -- com, edu, org, experts,
in particular those in infosec, comsec, netsec and data
And like the titans, the others assure their customers nothing
like that is going on, abiding non-disclosure pacts obligatory
for classified entry to secretkeeping. Dual-hats for dual-usage.
And not a few of these are rewarded not merely with information
but contracts, fees, endorsements, featured product placements
in spy offerings, awards (open and secret), vouchings in setting
of standards, educational scholarships for expert profs students
and research assistants, consultancies, recommendations to
corporations and foreign customers.
What is wondrous about the Snowden releases is that there
is so little about this far broader constituencies which conspire
with spies, invent and promote spy products and services, with
the easy corporate targets serving as camouflage for the ostensibly
good hearts who avow they are on the side of the public.
A distinctive feature of this charade is inveterate lying, as spies
do with pride and vainglory, as security pros must do or die,
threatended to be killed for telling just half of the whole story
as ex-spies do to save their skin.
Whadda you mean, the whole story, are you nuts? The whole
story is beyond belief, beyond revelation, nobody knows it.
It is postulated to make the partial revelations look like a clue
to much worse, a standard spy, ethics, education, religion
business, government means and methods, which happens
to be in effect for Snowden, as with other spies and exes,
titans and journalists, scholars and hackers.

@_date: 2014-05-09 08:23:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dan Geer on IoT 
Attendees will hear an address by Dr. Dan Geer, the Chief Security
Officer at In-Q-Tel, the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency's investment
arm. Dan is one of the smartest and most prescient thinkers in the
security world, who has made headlines by warning about the dangers
of our reliance of technology monocultures like Microsoft's Windows
operating systems. Most recently, Dan has been sounding similar alarms
about an (emerging) monoculture of "small devices and the chips that run
them." In other words: just because the network of the future doesn't
have a Windows sticker and "Intel Inside" logo on it, doesn't mean that
the same kinds of problems don't exist.
Many of you who have been following this blog know that the Security
Ledger is particularly interested in covering the (fast) evolving border
line between "traditional" IT security and the terra incognito of the
Internet of Things.
This week, we're taking that discussion to the next level with our
first-ever event: The Security of Things Forum (or SECoT for short).
SECoT is going to be an amazing day of discussion and debate about
what I consider one of the foremost challenges facing the
technology community in the next decade: securing a rapidly
expanding population of intelligent and Internet-connected devices.

@_date: 2014-05-09 10:55:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptome Archive Over 71,000 Files 
Donate for the Cryptome Archive of over 71,000 files from June 1996 to 6 May 2014 on 1 USB (23.8GB):

@_date: 2014-05-24 10:12:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG asks for time served (7 months) as Sabu's 
USG asks for time served (7 months) as Sabu's sentence for
"extraordinary cooperation" with FBI to rat, admit, aid.

@_date: 2014-05-29 10:33:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptome Kickstarter 
Congratulations, your project is live on Kickstarter!
Here's your project URL:
 The countdown begins now. You know what to do: tell people about it!
GOOD LUCK!

@_date: 2014-11-04 17:18:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Wind River Security Features and Cryptography 
Wind River Security Features and Cryptography Libraries (which appear to be the
basis of the $750,000 fine by BIS)

@_date: 2014-11-16 11:22:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Call for publication of all Snowden papers gets 
Call for publication of all Snowden papers gets louder
The Amsterdam Media Professor Geert Lovink left no doubt that in his opinion the medium term, the entire treasure of the NSA Whistleblowers must be made and archived publicly. Such an approach has a very different range than the global 24-hour news machine. "Journalists want to make headlines and politics", was the founder of the Institute of Network Cultures . But it was important to think long-term.
The Snowden-papers offer unique insight into a loud Lovink "information-military complex in the making": They showed roughly, "who are the actors and what technologies they use." In addition, they made different impact of monitoring on individual countries or regions significantly and who personally was affected as a group or society. Taken together, this was "for all investigative journalists around the world for decades interesting".
Ruf nach Ver?ffentlichung der Snowden-Papiere wird lauter
Der Amsterdamer Medienprofessor Geert Lovink lie? keinen Zweifel daran, dass seiner Meinung nach mittelfristig der gesamte Schatz des NSA-Whistleblowers ?ffentlich gemacht und archiviert werden m?sse. Eine solche Herangehensweise habe eine ganz andere Reichweite als die globale 24-Stunden-Nachrichtenmaschinerie. "Journalisten wollen Schlagzeilen und Politik machen", befand der Gr?nder des Institute of Network Cultures. Es gelte aber, langfristiger zu denken.
Die Snowden-Papiere bieten laut Lovink einzigartige Einsicht in einen "informations-milit?rischen Komplex im Werden": Sie zeigten etwa auf, "wer die Akteure sind und welche Technologien sie nutzen". Dar?ber hinaus machten sie unterschiedliche Auswirkungen der ?berwachung auf einzelne L?nder oder Regionen deutlich und wer pers?nlich, als Gruppe oder Gesellschaft betroffen sei. Zusammengenommen sei dies "f?r alle investigativen Journalisten weltweit ?ber Jahrzehnte hinweg interessant".

@_date: 2014-11-28 08:25:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What Is Good Encryption Software? 
Reader asks: What Is Good Encryption Software?
I have contacted you asking about certain security questions.
After reading a few of the Snowden leaked documents, I have
started to be more aware of my privacy being at risk. I have a
few questions concerning certain programs and safety tips.
First, I've recently started to doubt about my encryption software.
Is Symantec's "PGP Endpoint" a good hard drive encryption software?
In other words, is it trustworthy since it is an American company.
And if not, what encryption software is the best for Mac.
Second, is "ProtonMail" as secure as they say it is? If not, what
email provider doesen't let the NSA see into my account.
Third, is Jetico inc's "Bestcrypt Container Encryption" trustworthy?
If not, what could be an alternative.
Fourth, are these encryption types good? Blowfish, Gost & AES - 256bit.
And which encryption type remains the best above all?
Last, is Kaspersky a good anti-virus software? If not, which one is the
best for Mac.
Important, difficult questions, likely to produce a range of answers.
We will publish for answers.

@_date: 2014-11-30 16:07:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Encryption Experts and Snake Oilers Quacking Like 
Capitalizing on the comsec frenzy, several sites, probably many,
are offering to encrypt for those who do not want install programs
or find them too difficult to use. All appear to promise that no
records, private and public keys, email addresses or content
will be kept. Trust them.
For example, here's one used to send encrypted messages:
This approach suggests that the renewed crypto wars have again
bred a new round of opportunities to beguile those who yearn for
comsec but do not know how to get it, nor how to evaluate the
offerings, in particular those provided by US producers which they
doubt are free of government manipulation. But they also doubt that
any cryptosystem is free of that, thanks to the NSA revelations of
global cooperation among nations to do what NSA does, and the
failure of crypto experts and firms to fully disclose their aid to
governments, before and after Snowden's revelations.
So the downside of Snowden's revelations is that there is considerable
suspicion that all crypto is compromised, and, worse, that snake oil
is not really different from the good stuff for the ordinary user who lacks
the technical skills to distinguish them. And that comsec experts are
in league with authorities to dupe the public by excessive warning
of snake oil to peddle their own offerings, that is, experts and
snake oilers are doing what governments do.
Trust Snowden, trust experts, trust governments, but distrust
snake oil. Wait, users say, how can we tell the difference when
they all quack like ducks.

@_date: 2014-10-02 07:37:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Retired NSA Technical Director Explains Snowden Docs 
Retired NSA Technical Director Explains Snowden Docs
Best account yet of the Snowden releases by a technically
capable person. Eventually, perhaps, the other 96% will receive
similar public disclosure to fully inform beyond opportunistic

@_date: 2014-10-03 16:31:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA releases two documents on decrypting CIA KRYPTOS 
NSA releases two documents on decrypting CIA KRYPTOS sculpture,
formerly classified FVEY//20320108
The CIA Kryptos Sculpture Slides
The CIA Kryptos Sculpture: A summary of Previous Work and New Revelations

@_date: 2014-10-08 07:59:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] State Hash 
Special note to law-enforcement agents: The word "state" is
a technical term in cryptography. Typical hash-based signature
schemes need to record information, called "state", after every
signature. Google's Adam Langley refers to this as a "huge
foot-cannon" from a security perspective. By saying "eliminate
the state" we are advocating a security improvement, namely
adopting signature schemes that do not need to record information
after every signature. We are not talking about eliminating other
types of states. We love most states, especially yours! Also,
"hash" is another technical term and has nothing to do with cannabis.

@_date: 2014-09-03 09:46:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Godfather of Anonymity" David Chaum on BBC 
"Horizon: The defenders of anonymity on the internet"

@_date: 2014-09-13 13:00:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Vulcan Cryptanalysis: Motorola Proprietary Cipher of 
Vulcan: A Proprietary Cipher of the 1970s
Algorithm Description and Instant Cryptanalysis
Cornelius Jenkins Riddler
September 2014
In the 1970s, Motorola developed a proprietary cipher known internally
as Vulcan, implemented this cipher in a custom integrated circuit, and
marketed a secure communications system based upon Vulcan under the
trade name DVP. In this paper we reveal the Vulcan cipher algorithm and
develop an eective real-time ciphertext-only cryptanalytic attack against
it. We additionally present as much historical information as we have been
able to obtain.

@_date: 2015-04-22 12:24:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Shamir Reveals Sisyphus Algorithm 
Adi Shamir at RSA Conference:
Fully secure systems don't exist now and won't exist in the future.
Cryptography won't be broken, it will be bypassed.
Futility of trying to eliminate every single vulnerability in a given piece of software.

@_date: 2015-04-22 20:02:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA releases 52, 
NSA releases 52,000 pages of William F. Friedman Collection, searchable:
Document index spreadsheet:

@_date: 2015-04-25 10:44:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Shamir Reveals Sisyphus Algorithm 
Indeed. Inherent leakiness of digital technology is a gift of Olympus,
aka James Bidzos aka RSA. Never enough fault-rich crypto.
Digitalization might be the quintessential foolhardiness, or comsec
opportunism, which had led to endless apologies, apologias, apoplexies.
And hurrahs among investors, urging hackers and insiders to spill
secrets sufficient to assure comsec-panicky buyers. Bug bounties
hilariously, assuredly, self-defeating as backdoor warnings.

@_date: 2015-04-30 15:14:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Matt Blaze Testimony on Encrytion 
Matt Blaze testified yesterday at the House hearing on encryption
Others too:

@_date: 2015-08-17 12:53:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] CNSS Issues Memo on Shift to Quantum-Resistant 
CNSS Advisory Memo on Use of Public Standards for Secure Sharing of Information Among NatSec Systems 08/11/15
This Advisory expands on the guidance contained in CNSS Policy No. 15, National Information Assurance Policy on the Use of Public Standards for the Secure Sharing of Information Among National Security Systems (Reference a). Based on analysis of the effect of quantum computing on Information Assurance (IA) and IA-enabled Information Technology (IT) products, the policy's set of authorized algorithms is expanded to provide vendors and IT users more near-term flexibility in meeting their IA interoperability requirements. The purpose behind this additional flexibility is to avoid vendors and customers making two major transitions in a relatively short timeframe, as we anticipate a need to shift to quantum-resistant cryptography in the near future.

@_date: 2015-12-02 11:58:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptome.biz (RU) not affiliated with Cryptome.org. 
Cryptome.biz, a Russian virtual currency site registered 25 November 2015,
is not affiliated with Cryptome.org.

@_date: 2015-12-10 09:37:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi Nakamoto introduces, 
Satoshi Nakamoto introduces, discusses bitcoin Oct-Nov 2008

@_date: 2015-12-22 09:43:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple assures EU its crypto will be user-pleasing 
Apple assures EU its crypto will be user-pleasing protection, with many LE bypasses.
Crypto world cheers essential duplicity. Many thanks to Edward Snowden.

@_date: 2015-12-23 11:00:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Museum Library has provided "Hagelin M-209 
NSA Museum Library has provided "Hagelin M-209 Cryptanalysis from Ciphertext Alone,"
Reeds, Ritchie, Morris, 1978.
NSA would not release it under FOIA, claiming it was a private paper.
Back story:

@_date: 2015-12-24 16:16:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Juniper & Dual_EC_DRBG 
There are two versions of the doc Jake cited, differently redacted:
 (one Jake cited)
 (another)
A comparison of excerpts of the two versions cited:

@_date: 2015-12-28 11:34:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: Re:  Understanding state can be important. 
This describes part of the SecureDrop Secure Viewing Station
Since the Secure Viewing Station never uses a network connection or an internal hard drive, we recommend that you physically remove any internal storage devices or networking hardware such as wireless cards or Bluetooth adapters. If the machine has network ports you can't physically remove, you should clearly cover these ports with labels noting not to use them. For an even safer approach, fill a port with epoxy to physically disable it.

@_date: 2015-12-28 17:56:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Senators: Time for Pre-crime 
Fortunately, Senators Burr, McCaul and Warner, a useful precedent:
the encryption issue has been thoroughly studied in an almost identical
"crisis" by a distinguished body of policy and technology experts -- in 1996:
Cryptography's Role in Securing the Information Society (CRISIS. 688 pages)
Committee to Study National Cryptography Policy
Computer Science and Telecommunications Board
Commission on Physical Sciences, Mathematics, and Applications
National Research Council
Pardon the ISIS.

@_date: 2015-02-07 20:42:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ODNI Counsel: Governments Want Accessible Crypto 
ODNI counsel Robert Litt is "optimistic" cryptographers will devise secure encryption which provides government access, it's "what many governments want."
"One of the many ways in which Snowden's leaks have damaged our national security is by driving a wedge between government and providers and technology companies so that some companies that formerly recognized that protecting our nation was a valuable and important public service they could perform now feel compelled to stand in opposition."

@_date: 2015-02-14 09:15:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Business Wants Accessible Crypto from Business 
"Dave DeWalt, CEO of security firm Mandiant, a participant in Friday's summit, hopes that fear of privacy invasion won't get in the way of the work that needs to get done. He pointed to the way the way public backlash to government surveillance programs revealed by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden stymied previous efforts to effectively open the lines of communication.
"This balance between privacy and security ebbs and flows and unfortunately that was a huge setback -- a setback to the tune of several years," he said.
via cypherpunks

@_date: 2015-02-16 12:34:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Encryption used to secure transports is used to hide 
"The very encryption used to secure transports is used to hide data

@_date: 2015-02-16 15:39:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Equation Group Multiple Malware Program, 
Kaspersky Q and A for Equation Group multiple malware program, in use early
as 1996. NSA implicated.
Dan Goodin: How ?omnipotent? hackers tied to NSA hid for 14 years?and were found at last

@_date: 2015-02-19 11:37:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Lenovo laptops with preloaded adware and an evil 
We have a Lenovo laptop, older than that reportedly infected with Superfish
adware. A search does not find the program.
Coincidentally, surely, a file named "superfish.js" appears in the Silent Circle
installation instructions:

@_date: 2015-02-19 17:11:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Lenovo laptops with preloaded adware and an evil 
File "superfish.js" found in Silent Circle installation instructions appears
unrelated to Superfish adware.

@_date: 2015-01-07 15:34:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Imitation Game: Can Enigma/Tunney be Fixed? 
Why were these "faults" not deliberate signals to the Allies? Hard to
believe the meticulous Germans knew less than the Allies about cribbing
potential to reveal and mislead. Nor that post-war accounts are the full
story. Insider communicators playing their own games, and fudged
accounts of how breaks and hacks were done are as old as crypto in
all its guises and disguises.
CIA and its fellow agencies sit on vast archives of classified comsec
accounts of ruses, ploys, deceptions, and more are being manufactured
and deployed, even by trick-loaded open sources.
Cue Dan Geer, rather queue In-Q-tel.

@_date: 2015-01-09 09:22:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Imitation Game: Can Enigma/Tunney be Fixed? 
Crypto software is not the weakness, it's the complex hardware
required to process and transceive. Consider the weight of all
that from end to end and it surely exceeds WW2 tech. A digitally
secure message travels a vast physical apparatus with innumerable
opportunities for meddling, from keyboard to cable to router to
ISP to network, to switches, to sats, undersea optics, to the
down stream destination. Radio was much simpler, and advanced
versions of it are used for high-grade military security. A microdot
on a sheet of paper too. Digital code is extremely fragile and
vulnerable in analog reality, total dependent on potentially hostile
hosts -- sysadmin and sysengineering.
There is a growing gap between crypto software and its related hardware
due to the Maginot Line overvaluation of software and underevaluation of
Panzer Tank hardware. Vanity about software defenses appears to be
a growing delusion against hardware attacks.
Math and code, meet your foe: physics and engineering backed
by a huge amount of money. Code dancing on heads of pins is
bedazzling but in the end no better than angelic faith in end to
end crypto.

@_date: 2015-01-10 12:16:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Imitation Game: Can Enigma/Tunney be Fixed? 
Perhaps relevant are accounts by M J D Brown  and Adrian Ridley-Jones
in 2000 on acquiring inadvertent emanations of comms systems in WW1:
 (scroll to bottom)
A Tempest timeline
and, NONSTOP protection of crypto systems

@_date: 2015-01-22 10:16:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Barrett Brown allocution statement in court today 
Barrett Brown allocution statement in court today just released

@_date: 2015-01-25 11:04:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Barrett Brown allocution statement in court today 
5 years 3 months sentence. Time served of 2.5 years to be credited.
Possible parole in 1 year.
  Defiant statement after sentencing: "Mission now to report on FU prison
system after reporting on FU cyber system."

@_date: 2015-01-25 13:54:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Citizenfour Snowden Documentary 
Citizenfour Snowden Documentary (7-Zipped MP4, 1.2GB)
Snowden releases tally:

@_date: 2015-01-29 09:30:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
Fascinating research, with gobs of suspects besides TLAs, Brin and Page,
some here now, some here back then, as suspected then and now. Not
that there is anything wrong with suspecting cpunks was made similarly.

@_date: 2015-01-31 10:14:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
An early program of Highlands Group was perception management by
which public opinion would be shaped by disparagement of opposition
to ubiquitous gov-com spying with gambits like "tin-foil hat," "conspiracy
theory," and other forms of reputation attacks. Chorusing these terms
becomes habitual with repetition, even among those who are otherwise
open-minded to novel scientific and theological innovations so long as
the innovations are peer-reviewed or sanctioned by authorities, even
when the authorities are revealed to be self-serving and corrupt, perhaps
especially so. That is the crippling effects of standards setting in all
human endeavors, the favoritism toward standards setting obedient
members and ostacism of dissenters to the dominants.
Fortunately, the tin-hatters and conspiriacists overturn the sclerotic
hegemons if not burned at the stake, imprisoned, die of impoverishment,
driven to suicide. Mercy is never a characteristic of certitude and
maddened crowd-minds compelled to admire miters, crowns, helmets,
wigs of judmentalist soothsayers self-anointed deitific and scientific
absolutist perception managers -- also known as spymasters.

@_date: 2015-07-01 17:47:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The Intercept Releases ~1,264 pages of NSA Docs 
Mostly Xkeyscore and more.
 (643MB)
List of files:

@_date: 2015-07-26 18:38:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Varoufakis claims had approval to plan parallel 
Varoufakis claims had approval to plan parallel banking system for Greece
Allegedly aided by Columbia University IT professor  to design a hack of existing taxation systems.
Columbia Computer Science Faculty

@_date: 2015-07-30 10:52:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] William Friedman's 1955 Crypto AG visit reports 
William Friedman's 1955 draft Crypto AG visit report shows text
redacted in final version and vice versa. Two versions compared:
 (20MB)

@_date: 2015-06-13 13:37:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Reporter-USG Exchanges on Snowden Docs 
Italian reporter Stefania Maurizi has published her exchanges with NSA,
DoJ and State about publishing Snowden documents (an exemplary
model for others to follow):
She also said she has published all the Snowden documents she
had access to (another exemplar for those still withholding 93%
of the Snowden full dump for the public, or 99.98% of the 1.7M
USG claims was taken).

@_date: 2015-03-06 11:06:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptome Deborah Natsios Exhibit in LA 
Deborah Natsios, Cryptome, upcoming exhibit Dem Passwords Gallery, LA
We'll be there. Chopper in, drop by. Dare to key sign.

@_date: 2015-03-07 10:23:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto Vulns 
No 1 vulnerability of crypto is the user
2nd passphrases
3rd overconfidence
4th trust in the producer
5th believing backdoors are No. 1

@_date: 2015-03-09 16:04:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Effect of Ubiquitous Encryption - IETF Draft 
IETF draft "Effect of Ubiquitous Encryption"
"As the use of encryption continues to increase, [system operator]
efforts to prevent it will continue to emerge."

@_date: 2015-03-10 07:38:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Apple DPA Cryptanalysis 
The Intercept has released files on Apple, DPA and other
 (12pp, 1.9MB)

@_date: 2015-03-10 13:08:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA black budget cryptanalysis 
The Intercept file on NSA black budget cryptanalysis
Included in the Zip file previously posted.

@_date: 2015-03-23 18:47:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Pre-Releases 24 William Friedman Docs, 909 pp 
NSA Pre-Releases William Friedman Docs 909 pp (PDF, 50MB)
24 Papers of 52,000 pp due in April 2015

@_date: 2015-05-07 10:53:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Appeals Court Rules NSA Phone Program Not 
The decision and three opinions
Judge Sack:
Judges Lynch and Broderick:
Sack opines it's not about Snowden.

@_date: 2015-05-17 12:07:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NYT on Nick Szabo and Bitcoin 
Those around cypherpunks 1993-1998 will recall Szabo's emails on
bitcoin early precursors along with Adam Back, Hal Finney, Tim May,
Wei Dai, Lucky Green, Hettinga, many more burgeoning F-Cs. NYT
piece credits cpunks as subversive birther, now being hyper-monetized
by arch-cryptoanarchist Goldman Sachs and many more centralists.
Szabo denies being Satoshi, but ... others rush to fill the gap

@_date: 2015-11-23 12:00:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] =?iso-8859-1?q?ISIS=92_OPSEC_Manual?= 
So ISIS is well ahead of most worldwide users of popular comsec-privacy-
anonymizing tools, whether govs, coms, ngos, individuals, even hog-tied
and NDA'd experts, where failures are commonplace and comsec troubadors
forever yodel for always more advanced but less accessible, hardly must less easily usable programs and devices promoted by consultancies,
lectures, TEDs, tweets, emails, handbooks, Snowden's advisories to journos,
training documentaries, YouTubes, contested open and classified standards,
and cascades of earnestly end to endless crypto evangelical campaigns.
Surely these ridiculous failures are outweighed by unknown successes. Surely,
public use of crypto is making genuine progress. But who would know that by
reading popular press and complaints on crypto fora where tales of screw ups
amuse the incarcerated.

@_date: 2015-11-23 15:51:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ISIS OPSEC Manual Debunked? 
Cyberkov's statement on accusations by Wired, West Point
and others on alleged use of its manual by ISIS:

@_date: 2015-10-07 14:33:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Releases 21 Oral History Interviews 
21 oral history interviews released by NSA 6 Oct 2015 (1,552 pp)
 (46MB)

@_date: 2015-10-07 15:22:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Axe Campaigne Oral History 
Oral history of Howard Campaigne, NSA-OH-20-83, not among those released yesterday, from June 2014. Scratch it.

@_date: 2015-10-15 00:32:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 
Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for $50,000,000.
Authentic Cryptome Archive for $10,000.

@_date: 2015-10-19 21:01:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] WikiLeaks is not hosting Cryptome, 
Clarify: WikiLeaks is not hosting Cryptome, instead a search service
which points to Cryptome site files. Mighty helpful.

@_date: 2015-10-20 06:36:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] WikiLeaks of "spying related" to its Cryptome search 
Caution: WikiLeaks of "spying related" to its Cryptome search is click bait
to garner user data. No salute for misleading hype.

@_date: 2015-10-23 11:52:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptography's Role in Securing the Information 
Some will remember this Clinton administration handling of cryptography,
and now its recycling of threats and assurances by Obama.
Cryptography's Role in Securing the Information Society, May 2, 1996
Cryptome's first publication, scanned hardcopy, NRC displeased.

@_date: 2015-09-15 15:04:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] JYA and Cryptome Keys Compromised 
Hash: SHA256
15 September 2015
I have learned today that all PGP public keys of John Young
 and Cryptome  have been
The keys have been revoked today.
Two new keys have been generated today:
John Young 15-0915  0xD87D436C
Cryptome 15-0915  0x8CD47BD5
This message is signed by the first.

@_date: 2015-09-15 18:39:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] JYA and Cryptome Keys Compromised 
Correct analysis. First was get out a prompt notice to wave off users,
then proceed with other authentications. Toughest problem is how to
avoid another compromise of new keys since so many ways to do
that have arisen and/or suspected over the life of PGP and other
systems. WoT is problematic too, as are key signing parties, and
so on. Other systems claim to be better, and we are using some of
them, waiting and watching and suspecting are the lessons learned
from stalwart testbed PGP in all its guises and disguises.
We likely would not have discovered the compromises if not for
those lessons.
Nor do we mind starting from scratch, perhaps a bit more often
than 11 years. Tornados do happen out side alleys of easy
prediction (this is not a cyphersec sales motto).

@_date: 2015-09-17 07:12:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] JYA and Cryptome Passphrase Are Secure 
Hash: SHA256
JYA and Cryptome passphrases are secure. Plaintext discovered
not related to Cryptome, with alternative to decrypt: original not

@_date: 2015-09-18 06:57:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Key Compromise Related to Architectural Work Not 
Hash: SHA256
18 September 2015
Key compromise is related to our architectural work on NYC No. 7
Subway Line Extension, recently opened. Project had hundreds of
designers from around the world with access to files. Security of
the project is primary and its design is not public. Extent of
subway system security and file protection is restricted to
need to know.
JYA and Cryptome passphrases remain secure. Key revocation done
for caution.

@_date: 2016-02-20 07:40:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] =?utf-8?q?=28no_subject=29?= 
USG is not USA. Apple is not its buyers. USG v Apple is not about citizens and privacy. It's about secretkeepers against the public.

@_date: 2016-02-20 08:10:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] =?utf-8?q?=28no_subject=29?= 
If Apple can hack its own security then the products are backdoors.

@_date: 2016-02-21 17:03:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto Beguilement 
Coms eagerly post-Snowden promising crypto does not mean they
have stopped helping gov-com secret spying by other means, au contraire.
Crypto protects only a few of many means gov-coms have to spy on public,
so should not divert from those, nor from 88% Snowden docs withheld.
Govs may concede crypto public protection to assure other means remain
effective. Promoting public crypto as a cloak appears to be the campaign
underway, now as in the 1990s, so beguiling to crypto advocates to claim
a win (for the industry-org-edu to continue doing openly and secretly what
it does best).

@_date: 2016-02-25 16:48:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate Decrypt Order 
USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate Decrypt Order
 (415 pp, 19.5MB)

@_date: 2016-02-26 14:15:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG v. Apple, 
We asked for an opinion of Michael Froomkin, Law Professor at University of Miami, on Henry Baker's

@_date: 2016-02-29 17:24:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Judge Orenstein denies USG motion to compel Apple 
Judge Orenstein denies USG motion to compel Apple decrypt.
This is older case than that in California but similar issues.

@_date: 2016-01-22 14:53:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Spy-by-Crypto 
DIRNSA said at Atlantic Council on 21 January that NSA spying ("intelligence")
and information protection (IAD) to be meshed. Separation not suitable for
current requirement.
Outside partners to aid dual tech: spy-by-crypto.

@_date: 2016-03-04 07:09:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG v. Apple - Amici Applications Through 3 March 
(179 pp, 20MB)
Few of the applications have been ordered by the court. Thumbnail
descriptions provide rationale for each case.
Most are lazy, thin and repetitious in argument, not much that's new
from previous battles.
Faintheatedness suggests riskless PR is the intent, or worse, fear
of antagonizing the biggest customer for crypto, govs, reduxing
all crypto strutting, mock battles, gov-com-org business conducted
in secrecy, public left to believe duplicitous comsec mandated by
natsec, or not, usually not.

@_date: 2016-03-04 17:01:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] EFF amicus brief in support of Apple 
EFF's far and away the best, the technologists adding bones and muscle to enliven near-death  legalities of the others caesarianed by lawfare search surgeons after two-hour liquid lunches.

@_date: 2016-03-04 17:28:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] EFF amicus brief in support of Apple 
The brief by Privacy International and Human Rights Watch, at 460 pages, 30MB, is an informative collection of policy, legislation and politicking documents to embrace and educate global crypto users, not merely lawyered-up power-squabblers.

@_date: 2016-03-05 06:17:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Lavabit's and Snowden's Solos 
Lavabit's brief for Apple has the gutsiest skin in the game, going solo,
no joining a pack. None of the fattest of strutting corporate cats rushed
to defend Lavabit against absence of FBI corporate-coddling,
Congress-stroking, corraling the frightened herd for taking down
mavericks like Lavabit and Snowden.

@_date: 2016-03-06 10:28:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The rewards of frenzied comsec-shopping should be a 
NY Times surmises NSA does not want to reveal its crypto
cracking capabilities, that the FBI hopes unskilled users will
make exploitable mistakes implementing, that DoD hopes
to exploit holes, doubt and errors rather than see them
corrected, that hackers and corporations expect to continue
to sell 0-days for high prices, that Obama staff has mixed
views of weak and strong comsec, that the US hacks both
friends and foes, engages in cyber defense and offense,
all this feeding opportunistic and obliging media fanning flames
with anonymous sources, secret briefings, revolving door
job offers of op-eds, essays, speeches, testimonies and
spy-approved tattle-tales. Essential to crypto fire-storm is
fueling a fire-sale Snowden 0-day attribution. The rewards
of this frenzied comsec-shopping should be a pardon for
Snowden, along with a life-time free travel in search of
anywhere crypto is not needed, just his word comms
are good to go naked.

@_date: 2016-03-07 10:01:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Washington Post op ed by Apple's Craig Federighi 
Yes, why Snowden will not release defensive documents ("to prevent harm to US"), only offensive. This distorts and biases NSA capability stories by design. However, one ex-NSA dissident warns if Snowden releases deepest (presumably defensive) technology "he should be shot."

@_date: 2016-03-10 16:22:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG Support of Motion to Compel Apple Decrypt, 
USG v. Apple - USG Support of Motion to Compel Apple Decrypt  (484 pp, 11MB)
FBI agent details Farook's iPhone forensics, Apple discussions

@_date: 2016-03-11 13:26:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple Attorneys Move to Join CA and NY Cases 
USG-Apple EDNY - Apple Attorneys Move to Join CA and NY Cases
 31-034.pdf

@_date: 2016-03-11 18:15:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple Attorneys Move to Join CA and NY Cases 
Correction: this is not a joining of cases, only an Apple request for extension of time to respond and filing of pro hac vices by 3 CDCA attorneys in EDNY. No way will the CA and NY attorneys plot together, absolutely not. All the attorneys and eagle eyes who objected to our title unanimously agree, offensively and defensively, a couple irately, guiltily. But some of those have a stake in the furious practice of PHVs.
Shortly thereafter USG filed an objection to the extension of time:

@_date: 2016-03-13 07:30:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple in EDNY added as interested party in another 
Apple in EDNY added as interested party in another iPhone case in EDNY
 (151 pp, 10MB)
Magistrate Judge James Orenstein:
The Clerk of Court shall add Apple Inc. as an interested party in United States v. Feng. All documents must be filed on both dockets. (Brodie, Margo) (Entered: 03/12/2016)

@_date: 2016-03-15 20:08:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple Reply to USG Opposition to Vacate Decrypt 
Apple Reply to USG Opposition to Vacate Decrypt, March 15, 2016
 (351 pp, 22MB)

@_date: 2016-03-16 17:13:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Lavabit's and Snowden's Solos 
Ladar Levison challenges USG misuse of Lavabit case:

@_date: 2016-03-16 20:39:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG v. Lavabit-Snowden Files Unsealed 
USG v. Lavabit-Snowden Files Unsealed:
 (560 pp, 140MB)
Precursor to USG v. Apple.

@_date: 2016-03-17 16:58:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] DoJ/FBI's "nuclear"/Lavabit option 
An Apple fine commensurate with Lavabit's revenue should end the daredevilry with investors' stakeholdings. Judges really like to takedown justice defiers as warning to potential emulators. Try to wear Levison's boots with a red dot on forehead.
Apple revenue for Q1 2016 was $75B. A fine of $1B a day should induce Apple's investors to stampede toward disinvestment, Apple to bankruptcy minimization, fragmented ATT, entrapped like RSA, Microsoft and IBM. Before the foot shooting calamity, Tim Cook is ordered to take a hike with platinum buyout to counsel risk-averse VCs aboard world-circling craft of detumescent billionaire playboys enjoying quasi-carnal pleasure in climate change, disease and population control, retro-2001 space travel, moist-dreaming of POTUS.

@_date: 2016-03-18 08:52:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG-Apple - 3/22/16 Hearing Procedures, Add 3 USGs 
USG-Apple - 3/22/16 Hearing Procedures, Add 3 USGs

@_date: 2016-03-21 18:48:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible 
USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible method to unlock iPhone

@_date: 2016-03-21 20:43:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG-Apple Hearing Vacated, Decrypt Order Stayed 
The court and counsel conferred regarding the government's Ex Parte Application
for a Continuance (docket no. 191). Based on the good cause shown in that application,
and based on Apple's nonobjection to vacating the hearing, the court ORDERS:
1. The hearing in this matter set for March 22, 2016 at 1:00 p.m. is
2. As there is presently uncertainty surrounding the government's need for
Apples's assistance, the court's February 16, 2016 Order Compelling Apple, Inc. to
Assist Agents in Search, in case number ED 15-451-M, is hereby stayed, pending further
submissions in this case; and
3. The government is ordered to file a status report by April 5, 2016.
Docket No. 191:

@_date: 2016-03-21 20:54:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] USG moves to vacate hearing 
Would Apple be the outside party? As in its offshore stashing of foreign revenue as foreign entity?

@_date: 2016-03-22 18:32:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG-Apple Oral Proceedings Transcript 21 March 2016 
USG-Apple Oral Proceedings Transcript 21 March 2016

@_date: 2016-03-29 06:35:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG Moves to Vacate Apple Decrypt Order 
USG wins by assault, PR, obscurity, secrecy, and sanctification of the justice-court system.
No substantiation yet of USG access to Farook's phone. The claim could be a ploy to raise doubt about Apple security, and have the same effect as if access was successful. This would
take the public and political pressure off USG without having to disclose how access was obtained. As well as improve USG reputation for prowess, determination and triumph.
Deception, lies, bluffs and ploys are obligatory in legal proceedings and all stripes of security. Doubt, braggardy, obscurity and secrecy are essential features of defensive and aggressive security whether governmental, commercial or personal.

@_date: 2016-03-29 20:11:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG-Apple Orders to Assist Search and Decrypt Vacated 
USG-Apple Orders to Assist Search and Decrypt Vacated

@_date: 2016-10-09 09:16:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NIST Video: Cybersecurity Fatigue 
"In this video, Mary Theofanos explains the idea of security fatigue
and how users are bogged down by too many decisions involving
their online security. Creating awareness about this issue will help
IT professionals understand the challenges and will provide
solutions toward alleviating the security fatigue that users are
experiencing. "

@_date: 2016-10-09 09:22:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NYTimes: Surveillance and Encryption in the 
"The Snowden revelations prompted important reforms. Still, the debate over the proper balance between privacy and security remains far from settled. ...
How best to respond to encryption technology, which is evolving rapidly, will be another major challenge. ...
The next president should refrain from forcing technology companies to build encryption systems that can be breached, which would make everyone's private information more vulnerable to hackers."

@_date: 2016-10-10 07:37:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Senator Ron Wyden Discusses Encryption, 
What else is coming up for consideration in the cybersecurity space?
Browser spying. Senators John McCain and Richard Burr have a proposal to give any F.B.I. field office new authority to scoop up Americans' browsing history and a slew of American digital records without going to a judge. Email, text message logs and certain location information would be included. We had a vote on this at the end of June.

@_date: 2017-04-02 16:29:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Regulations of Tempest protections of buildings 
Here's the quote online:
We've collected a batch of Tempest documents and AFAIK none make this claim.
Plenty of products and design criteria are available. But there might be a particular type of protection that has not been publicized. Standards of Tempest protection for buildings were once classified and some still are (redactions in released documents are prolific).
Perhaps use of superduper protection materials does require a license, wouldn't be surprising due to reported heavy use of acquiring signal surreptitiously. Protection against compromising emanations (emissions) has a long history of evolvement, both for attack and defense.
New discoveries appear regularly, surely some remain secret while commercial grade protection is peddled as a ruse. As usual for comsec, not a few are snake oil.
We would welcome more information on the technology.

@_date: 2017-04-02 18:52:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Regulations of Tempest protections of buildings 
NSA runs a program to certify Tempest products to handle classified Not the same standards as those for unclassified information. This could be what
the book refers to.

@_date: 2017-04-05 04:06:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Tempest Laws of Canada, England and the United States 
From 1990:
Eavesdropping On the Electromagnetic Emanations of Digital Equipment: The Laws of Canada, England and the United States, by Christopher J. Seline
"The use of TEMPEST is not illegal under the laws of the United States, or England. Canada has specific laws criminalizing TEMPEST eavesdropping but the laws do more to hinder surveillance countermeasures than to prevent TEMPEST surveillance. In the United States it is illegal for an individual to take effective countermeasures against TEMPEST surveillance. This leads to the conundrum that it is legal for individuals and the government to invade the privacy of others but illegal for individuals to take steps to protect their privacy."
"Title III makes possession of a surveillance device a crime, unless it is produced under contract to the government. This means that research into surveillance and counter-surveillance equipment is monopolized by the government and a few companies working under contract with NACSIM 5100A is classified, as are all details of TEMPEST. To obtain access to it, contractor must prove that there is demand within the government for the specific type of equipment that intend to certify. Since the standard is classified, the contractors can not sell the equipment to non-secure governmental agencies or the public. This prevents reverse engineering of the standard for its physical embodiment, the Certified equipment. By preventing the private sector from owning this anti-eavesdropping equipment, the NSA has effectively prevented the them from protecting the information in their computers."

@_date: 2017-06-11 16:19:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto Books, 2017 
David Kahn's Codebreakers towers above the cheat sheets.
Salient. Study of failures in architecture is essential to understand
the profession and its diminishing regulation, due the over abundance
of promotional design, development, finance, starchitects.
Expect failures in the recent surge of supertalls, in NYC and elsewhere.
Engineering peer reviews are shallow, occupant safe egress diminished,
building safety codes neglected in favor of unlimited zoning -- and
maximization of profits.
No need to draw parallels with booming crypto and comsec, as ever
following the lead of natsec. Fortutiously, old standby comsec as well
as supertall crypto is already crumbling at foundation, shoddy construction,
assurance prevarication for sales, exculpation of the profession by blaming
its duplicitous standards: everybody shades, patches proliferate, nobody
fully discloses, peer review ridiculous as open source vetting.

@_date: 2017-06-30 08:21:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Ex-DIRNSA Cybersecurity Patent Application 
Keith Alexander's firm IronNet reportedly charges $600,000 to
$1,000,000 a month for his cybersecurity services.

@_date: 2017-11-11 12:24:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Code Girls: The Untold Story of the American Women 
CODE GIRLS
The Untold Story of the American Women Code Breakers of World War II
By Liza Mundy
Describes the experiences of several thousand American women who spent the war years in Washington, untangling the clandestine messages sent by the Japanese and German militaries and diplomatic corps. At a time when even well-educated women were not encouraged to have careers  much less compete with men to demonstrate their mastery of arcane, technical skills  this hiring frenzy represented a dramatic shift. The same social experiment was simultaneously unfolding on the other side of the Atlantic. The British debutantes and their middle-class peers recruited to work at the secret Bletchley Park code-breaking operation came to outnumber the men.
Mundys narrative turns thrilling as she chronicles the eureka moments when the women succeed in cracking codes, relying on a mixture of mathematical expertise, memorization and occasional leaps of intuition. ...
At the end of the war, virtually all of the female code breakers were given their walking papers and returned to civilian life. Only a few superstars were asked to stay on (among them Ann Caracristi, who went on to become the first female deputy director of the National Security Agency).
For these accomplished and resourceful women, who had been given a heady taste of professional success, it was jarring to have to fight to be accepted to top graduate programs on the G.I. Bill or embark on traditional paths as wives and mothers. Warned not to reveal their secret wartime lives, many remained silent about their valuable service. Thanks to Mundys book, which deftly conveys both the puzzle-solving complexities and the emotion and drama of this era, their stories will live on.

@_date: 2017-10-17 17:30:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Primary Sources for "The Woman Who Smashed Codes" on 
Jason Fagone, author "The Woman Who Smashed Codes," on Elizabeth Friedman, has begun posting primary source documents:
An interview of Fagone in the NY Times, October 15, 2017:
The book:

@_date: 2017-09-14 17:45:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Releases Declassified CLArion, 
NSA Releases Declassified CLArion, Crypto-Linguistic Association, 41 Issues, 2008-2010, 280 Pages (168MB)

@_date: 2018-08-27 17:26:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NIST Solicits Lightweight Cryptographic Algorithms 
NIST has initiated a process to solicit, evaluate, and standardize lightweight cryptographic algorithms suitable for constrained environments where current NIST cryptographic standards are not acceptable.
CSRC Update:

@_date: 2019-12-05 16:42:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cryptograms and Teleprinter Messages Between 
Frode Weierud recently published a number of cryptograms and other teleprinter messages that were sent over a shortwave radio link operating between Lisbon, Portugal and the rebel state Biafra in Nigeria in August and October 1969.

@_date: 2019-12-10 17:26:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The Cypherpunks-legacy Archives September 
180,159 messages, by many here now, many more there in early days.
Offers the whole thing in single file:
 Compiled and provided by Greg Newby, December 10, 2019

@_date: 2019-12-11 07:29:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dan Geer: nothing can make online trustworthy 
Dan Geer, legendary cyber-pro, claims nothing can make online trustworthy. Users should forego cyber addiction exploited by predators through inherent tech weaknesses.
Source: "Sandworm: A New Era of Cyberwar and the Hunt for the Kremlin's Most Dangerous Hackers," Andy Greenberg

@_date: 2019-12-12 13:47:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Distrust of tech could be encryption's Achilles heel 
That '90s fight took place right as the formerly academic internet went mainstream, and it pitted "crypto rebels" against a government establishment, with the telecom industry caught in between.

@_date: 2019-06-03 12:04:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Swedish Assange Detention Order Dismissed, 
Decision concerning an application for a detention order in Case B 3167-19
[2019-06-03] Uppsala tingsrtt
Uppsala District Court has dismissed the public prosecutors request to detain Julian Assange in his absence. A detention order would not be in accordance with the principle of proportionality.
The public prosecutor reopened the preliminary investigation on May 13, 2019 and applied for a detention order at the Court on May 20, 2019. The suspicion of crime is rape, less serious incident, in Enkping in 2010.
The Court has, at a hearing today, decided that there is probable cause for the suspicion of rape, less serious incident, and that there is a risk that Julian Assange will fail to appear or in some other way avoid participation in the investigation and the following proceedings.
The Court has, however, found that a detention order would not be in accordance with the principle of proportionality. Since Julian Assange is serving a prison sentence the public prosecutor can proceed with the preliminary investigation by issuing a European Investigation Order.

@_date: 2019-06-03 12:24:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Sweden to Continue Assange Case with EU Order 
Comment on the Assange case
Comment from the prosecutor on the Court's decision to detain Julian Assange.
"I fully respect the court's decision. They had to take a position on a difficult assessment issue, which I considered should be examined by a court", says Deputy Director of Public Prosecution Eva-Marie Persson.
"The investigation continues with interviews in Sweden. I will also issue a European Investigation Order in order to interview Julian Assange. No date has been set yet. We will constantly review the state of the investigation.", says Eva-Marie Persson.
European Investigation Order

@_date: 2019-06-19 08:54:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] National Cryptologic Museum Library Catalog 
Astonishing crypto bibliography, 726 pages, about 30 entries per page.

@_date: 2019-05-20 11:37:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Goro Shimura, 89, Mathematician RIP 
Goro Shimura, 89, Mathematician With Broad Impact, Is Dead
"His insights led to tools widely used in modern cryptography."
"A proof of a form of the Taniyama-Shimura conjecture would also prove Fermat's Last Theorem. In the 1990s, Andrew Wiles, then also at Princeton, figured out how to do just that, and Fermat's Last Theorem had finally been proved true.
Dr. Wiles, now at the University of Oxford in England, wrote in an email that the Taniyama-Shimura conjecture was "a fundamental pivot in the proof of Fermat's Last Theorem." The proof also employed other key results of Dr. Shimura's research, he said."

@_date: 2019-05-22 06:43:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Craig Steven Wright's Bitcoin Copyright 5-20-2019 
Craig Steven Wright's Bitcoin Copyright 5-20-2019
Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System.

@_date: 2019-05-23 17:08:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Julian Assange Superseding Indictment. May 23, 2019 
Julian Assange Superseding Indictment, Warrant Issued, May 23, 2019
 (37 pages)

@_date: 2019-10-04 15:30:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] AG Barr: USG Seeks Front Door to Encryption Not 
Attorney General William P. Barr Delivers Remarks at the Lawful Access Summit
"It is also said that the Government is seeking a secretive 'backdoor' to everyone's communications and data.  That is false.  We are seeking a front door.
The heart of the matter is this: Do the security advantages of warrant-proof encryption offered to the individual outweigh the risk posed to the public by that same technology?  This is not a decision for the companies to make by themselves.  It is a decision for society to make.
We think our tech sector has the ingenuity to develop effective ways to provide secure encryption while also providing secure legal access."

@_date: 2019-10-04 16:54:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA FOIA: Fifty Years of Mathematical Cryptanalysis 
NSA FOIA: Fifty Years of Mathematical Cryptanalysis, Unknown author, 1988. 100 pages.
Formerly Top Secret Umbra Laconic Nocon Code Word
 (127 pages, 12 MB)
Heavily redacted. Also three shorter papers, 27 pages:
DDIR files, Drake Notebook, Proto Paper
Draft History of Compusec, unknown author
Norman Boardman Interview, by Robert D. Farley, 1986

@_date: 2019-09-22 09:49:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "How Long Will Unbreakable Commercial Encryption 
Stewart Baker was NSA General Counsel in Crypto War 1 and has consistently advocated the Agency's policies, and remains under lifetime NDA.
Related: Since 9/11 the vastly expanded and amply funded NSA declares how it has formidably emplaced itself in gov/com/edu/org worldwide to influence encryption controls, nearly always requiring NDA of participants (at "over 200 universities in 44 states"):
"NSA has representatives at all Intelligence Community agencies, at all of the military combatant commands, and at many other federal agencies in order to enhance and refine support to our partners.
All foreign signals intelligence information produced by NSA is in response to specific requirements submitted by our partners across the government. NSA?s priorities are derived from a framework set by the President and executed by the Director of National Intelligence.
NSA?s four cryptologic centers ? in Georgia, Colorado, Texas, and Hawaii ? not only provide critical intelligence and information assurance products and services to NSA?s partners around the globe, but the distributed architecture that connects the centers and the NSA Washington area headquarters also ensures continuity of operations.
Since 2001, NSA has deployed over 18,000 personnel into hostile zones to provide direct support to our warfighters.
NSA and the Department of Homeland Security have recognized over 200 universities in 44 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico as Centers of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense and Information Assurance Education and Research.
NSA partners with the National Science Foundation to conduct GenCyber Camps ? week-long, no cost summer camps aimed at increasing both interest in cybersecurity careers and diversity in the nation?s cybersecurity workforce ? for students ranging from kindergarten to 12th grade. Over 160 camps were held in 33 states in 2016.
Over 200 patents are held by NSA personnel ? more than any other federal agency."
If it were a private company, NSA would rank in the top 10% of Fortune 500 companies in size and budget.

@_date: 2019-09-23 11:07:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Cyber Command Authorized to Implant Malicious 
"In his first 18 months in office, General Nakasone has raced to bolster Cyber Command?s authority to act preemptively ? and its preparations to respond to attacks. New, classified directives given to him by Mr. Trump, and built upon by Congress, allow Cyber Command to place 'implants' of malicious software inside foreign networks without lengthy approval processes that run up to the president. Congress has called such efforts part of 'traditional military authority.'
Iran has reportedly been a major target ? no surprise, since General Nakasone was a key player in designing a plan called ?Nitro Zeus? to shut down Tehran and other Iranian cities in the event of a war. The idea was to put together an attack so devastating that Iran might surrender without a shot being fired.?

@_date: 2019-09-29 09:50:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Encryption and anonymity as top tools for images of 
NYTimes lengthy report on out of control growth of images of child sexual abuse highlights encryption and anonymity as premier tools for avoiding discovery, prosecution and shutdown.
Silicon Valley giants are pilloried for failing to bar abusers.

@_date: 2019-09-30 18:29:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Strong" passwords too clever by half... 
Haven't passwords always been the weak link of PK cryptography?

@_date: 2020-04-06 17:59:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NYC Directs Use of Zoom to End 
NYC Education Department has directed use of Zoom to end due to lack of security. Users unhappy about the change and time required to learn new programs.

@_date: 2020-12-15 06:31:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 2020 Cryptologic Hall of Honor Induction Ceremony 
Commander, U.S. Cyber Command
Director, National Security Agency
Chief, Central Security Service
2020 Cryptologic Hall of Honor Induction Ceremony
on Tuesday, the fifteenth of December, 1:00 - 2:15 PM
(Virtual by invitation)
George R. Cotter
Dr. Whitfield Diffie
Barbara A. McNamara
Lester K. Myers
Dr. David  Kahn

@_date: 2020-02-11 10:31:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Secret purchase of Crypto AG by BND and CIA 
Operation RUBICON   THESAURUS
The secret purchase of Crypto AG by BND and CIA
Reports today on Geman ZDF TV and tomorrow in Washington Post.

@_date: 2020-02-14 05:10:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 'The intelligence coup of the century' 
Is this a TEMPEST tool, perhaps long used, even now? Ross Anderson aware of it?

@_date: 2020-02-14 13:23:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 'The intelligence coup of the century' 
Several others have noted audio signals from early computers. Wikipedia provides a report on "Acoustic cryptanalysis:"
Not specifically about radio, though.
NSA's partially declassified NACSEM-5112 addresses NONSTOP radio communication systems
 (from January 2000)
What's the current protection for compromising radio signals?

@_date: 2020-02-14 13:45:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 'The intelligence coup of the century' 
]
Do SCIFs solve this emanations threat if computers and gaggle of devices, cables and whatnot remain leaky depending on willingness to pay top prices? Crypto AG-ism has hardly gone away.

@_date: 2020-02-15 18:14:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 'The intelligence coup of the century' 
There are degrees of compromising emanations protection, not a single measure. Portable units of various sizes are at the ower end, the higher end are constructed extensively according to the desired level of protection.
There are also various emanations in the electromagnetic spectrum to be protected, radio, acoustic, visible, vibration, various wave lengths, signal strengths, nearby inadvertent and advertent amplifiers and reflectors, and others not easily identified without clearance.
An infamous instance is the US Army prolonged search for a distinctively shaped object which reflected protected signals passively, no power needed. Seemed innocent so not examined closely until happenstance and wits end focused on it.
Quite a few examples of discovery of unsuspected breaches, electronic, machinic and the oldest of all, human. Server farms of clouds, say. Wits end is a continuing problem.

@_date: 2020-02-17 06:55:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 'The intelligence coup of the century' 
Bear in mind types of TEMPEST attacks: classic inadevertent emanations, devious advertent stings, secret aggressive search for and acquistion of insecure signals, strategic deployment of artificial signals, ostentatious false claims of protection, leakage and acquisition, pedestrian mixtures of all these and likely others. TEMPEST a swell catchall of technoidal magical mysteries and witchcrafts.
In cities, building wall- and roof-mounted antennas are commodious sources of lightly shielded (none at all in some) emanated data, now being supplemented with sidewalk kiosks galore under rubrics of "smart" and IoT.

@_date: 2020-02-27 18:46:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Ex-CIA Joshua Schulte Describes His Data/Crypto 
Ex-CIA Joshua Schulte Describes His Data/Crypto Hiding Prowess (WikiLeaks Vault 7)
"Which brings me to my next point. Do you know what my
specialty was at the CIA? Do you know what I did for fun?
Data hiding and crypto. I designed and wrote software to
conceal data in a custom-designed file system contained within
the drive slack space, or hidden partitions. I disguised data.
I split data across files and file systems to conceal the
crypto. Analysis tools would never detect random or
pseudorandom data indicative of potential crypto. I designed
and wrote my own crypto. How better to fool buffoons like
forensic examiners and the FBI than to have custom software
that doesn't fit into their two-week class where they become
forensic experts? Make no mistake. I am an expert in data
hiding and cryptography with thousands of hours of experience
and among the top specialists in the world, or was."
 From Trial Transcript February 26, 2020

@_date: 2020-06-03 16:47:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Zoom publishes draft cryptographic design for 
In response to these critiques, isn't it wise to suspect/avoid any comsec/infosec which is widely touted, used and promoted due the likelihood it is compromised because of its popularity and wide usage, a handy honeypot for predators sniffing the wind?
Moreover, isn't that the Achilles heel of open source testing, verification and trustworthiness? Not to mention open discussion on public fora and invitees-only confabs sponsored by TLAs.
Trust but verify, and can't be too paranoid, the leery cryptographer muttered quietly, lurking.
OTP, can it be bested by any code, or is that a black hole imaginary?

@_date: 2020-06-23 19:20:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Statement from Attorney General William P. Barr on 
mail.com>
"Today, Attorney General William P. Barr issued the following statement on the introduction of a bill that would give law enforcement access to critical digital evidence if permitted by a court while also protecting privacy. The legislation is sponsored by Senators Lindsey Graham, Tom Cotton, and Marsha Blackburn. ...
While strong encryption provides enormous benefits to society and is undoubtedly necessary for the security and privacy of Americans, end-to-end encryption technology is being abused by child predators, terrorists, drug traffickers, and even hackers to perpetrate their crimes and avoid detection.  Warrant-proof encryption allows these criminals to operate with impunity.  This is dangerous and unacceptable."

@_date: 2020-03-04 07:38:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Ex-CIA Joshua Schulte Describes His Data/Crypto 
Can't find it now but I recall NSA dissolving remains of disintegrated disks in an acid pool until only a soft pudding is left. This done to reduce chances of meticulous reassembly or recovering data from hard fragments.
Sounds comparable to incinerating into ashes, unless ashes (or smoke/vapor) can be mined for data.
Side question: are cloud server facilities designed as SCIFs?
Schulte trial testimony describes the CIA building where he worked to be constructed of several layers of SCIF vaults, deeper the layer stronger the protection, physical and electronic. That building has been publicly identified as adjoining CIA University, nearby Dulles Airport.

@_date: 2020-03-04 18:37:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Forensics of Joshua Schulte's Alleged CIA Hack and 
Trial summations by prosecution and defense differ on how Schulte allegedly downloaded CIA top secret malware programs and data and tried to conceal his actions. Includes details on the targeted systems and programs, work vaults and staff, faulty security, accesses, storage, logs, erasures, passwords, differing forensics by CIA and FBI and interrogations. Judge's charge to jury also.

@_date: 2020-03-07 15:42:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] WikiLeaks CIA Vault 7 Projects Documents 
To supplement the Joshua Schulte trial documentation, a collection of the Vault 7 Projects Documents hosted by WikiLeaks:
 Aggregated from:
While many are classified Secret,Top Secret, NF, largest batch of (S//NF) is in UCL / Raytheon to exploit popular commercial programs with help from Raytheon.

@_date: 2020-03-09 11:49:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Joshua Schulte found guilty on Counts 8 and 10, 
Joshua Schulte (WikiLeaks Vault 7) found guilty on Counts 8 and 10, mistrial granted on all other counts.
Count 8: transmission of harmful computer program, information or command.
Count 10: obstruction of justice.
via

@_date: 2020-03-12 18:22:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Chelsea Manning Is Ordered Released from Jail 
A Federal District Court judge overseeing the matter, Anthony J. Trenga, said that he also dismissed on Thursday the grand jury that Ms. Manning was refusing to testify before after finding that its business had concluded.
"The court finds that Ms. Manning's appearance before the grand jury is no longer needed, in light of which her detention no longer serves any coercive purpose," Judge Trenga wrote.

@_date: 2020-03-15 05:22:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto AG: US Spies Kept Quiet on Assassinations 
More on Crypto AG
[2020.03.06] One follow-on to the story of Crypto AG being owned by the CIA: this interview with a Washington Post reporter. The whole thing is worth reading or listening to, but I was struck by these two quotes at the end:
...in South America, for instance, many of the governments that were using Crypto machines were engaged in assassination campaigns. Thousands of people were being disappeared, killed. And I mean, they're using Crypto machines, which suggests that the United States intelligence had a lot of insight into what was happening. And it's hard to look back at that history now and see a lot of evidence of the United States going to any real effort to stop it or at least or even expose it.
To me, the history of the Crypto operation helps to explain how U.S. spy agencies became accustomed to, if not addicted to, global surveillance. This program went on for more than 50 years, monitoring the communications of more than 100 countries. I mean, the United States came to expect that kind of penetration, that kind of global surveillance capability. And as Crypto became less able to deliver it, the United States turned to other ways to replace that. And the Snowden documents tell us a lot about how they did that.

@_date: 2020-03-20 05:05:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NIST Provides Comprehensive Resources for Secure 
============================== START ==============================
NIST Provides Comprehensive Resources for Secure Teleworking

@_date: 2020-10-02 09:15:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA Releases Under 2010 FOIA Two Formerly Top Secret 
NSA Releases Under 2010 FOIA Two Formerly Top Secret COMINT Documents:
Norman Boardman Interview 1986
 (63 pp, 16MB)
History of Computer Security 1998
 (110 pp, 29MB)

@_date: 2020-09-23 14:10:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Schrems II, 
protection
Schrems II, from Snowden to China: Toward a new alignment on transatlantic data protection , by Marc Rotenberg. Free access.
