
@_date: 2015-12-09 09:22:48
@_author: Per Kangru 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi's PGP key. 
I guess that we now know the usage of this public key:
Making Contact
On December 1st, WIRED sent an encrypted email to Wright suggesting that we
knew his secret and asking for a meeting. A few hours later, we received a
wary response from the address Tessier-Ashpool at AnonymousSpeech.com, a
cyberpunk reference to a rich and powerful corporate dynasty in William
Gibson’s Sprawl trilogy. Wright had referenced the same fictional family in
the bio of his private twitter profile. The email’s IP showed that it came
from an IP address in Panama controlled by Vistomail, the same service that
Satoshi Nakamoto had used to send his emails introducing bitcoin and to run
Bitcoin.org. “This is a throw away account. There are ways even with [the
anonymity software] Tor, but the people in Panama are exteremly [sic] good
and do not violate people’s desired privacy,” the email read. “You are
digging, the question is how deep are you?” The message ended, “Regards,
the Director of Tessier-Ashpool”
A few hours later, we received another, even more perplexing message from
the same account. “The nature of this moniker is selected for a purpose. I
now have resources. This makes me a we now. I am still within that early
phase of learning just what my capabilities happen to be. So, even now with
resources I remain vulnerable,” it read. “You seem to know a few things.
More than you should.”
When we responded by describing the three blog posts that showed Wright’s
clear connection to bitcoin’s creation and asking again for a meeting, he
gave a revealing answer. “Although we all desire some level of credit, I
have moved past many of these things,” read his response from the same
Tessier-Ashpool account. “Too many already know secrets, the world does not
need to know. There are other means to lead change than to be a dictator.”
After our second followup message asking for a chance to talk, Wright
responded that he would consider our request. Then he stopped responding
Let's hope we start to see some good valid posts again soon from our friend
from before.
Per Kangru

@_date: 2015-12-28 22:46:01
@_author: Per Kangru 
@_subject: [Cryptography] China passes law requiring tech firms to hand 
Do you refer to ZUC or something else? In ZUC the algorithm is well known but very limited details shared about some of the specific values selected to be used. If not ZUC what models are you referring?
Per

@_date: 2015-05-28 10:31:14
@_author: Per Kangru 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Quality & Privacy 
Hello fellows of Cryptography,
I have for some time been considering the fine balance between being able
to provide private and secure communication between several end points with
the ability for the network operator to in a reasonable way understand if
the end customer is having a good or bad experience from the communication
service offered.
Much research have shown that it is readily possible to identify specific
user behaviors and with a relatively high likelihood what webpages they
where downloading by looking at patterns of the encrypted data (see for
example: Cheng and Avnur, Traffic Analysis of SSL Encrypted Web Browsing
Obviously defenses are available against this but it would in general
require overhead traffic and as it shown does not fully protect against
this analysis still.
Regardless of the specifics of the data being downloaded or accessed I
would like to understand if the folks here are aware of any relevant
research that is focused on identifying specific parameters related to
quality of the communication and how this is 'leaked' outside of the
encrypted tunnel, for example patterns of TCP retransmissions or TCP
connection resets etc.
I would appreciate any pointers to material to further study this as much
of the current literature is focused on either figuring out what is sent
inside the the encrypted tunnel for either traffic policy enforcement or
IDS purposed or identifying end points for the communication and I have so
far found limited material related to understanding the QoS parameters of
the traffic.
