
@_date: 2015-01-12 03:31:39
@_author: Kannan Balasubramanian 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Call for Book chapters 
Call for Chapters: Cryptographic Solutions for Secure Online Banking and
Kannan Balasubramanian, (Mepco Schlenk Engineering College, Sivakasi)
K.Mala, (Mepco Schlenk Engineering College, Sivakasi)
M.Rajakan, (Mepco Schlenk Engineering College, Sivakasi)
Call for Chapters
Proposals Submission Deadline: February 28, 2015
Full Chapters Due: June 30, 2015
The rapid progress in the development of information and communication
technologies has made online banking and e-commerce a reality. It involves
the digital interactions between banks and e-commerce sites with its users.
It is necessary to secure the interaction of the user with the bank or the
e-commerce site by securing the data exchanged and by protecting the
Information shared on the Web. Secure Authentication mechanisms involving
multi-factor authentication involving biometrics, authentication of the
user and the server using certificates, encrypted data exchange, security
of mobile devices for banking and e-commerce purposes have become
important. While many solutions exist like the Secure Sockets Layer and
Secure Electronic Transactions the implementation and use of these
techniques have not become widely popular. The users need to be aware of
the threats and attacks in the use of the online banking or e-commerce
transactions so they can incorporate appropriate security measures to
protect their transactions. The progress that has been made in
Cryptographic techniques like Digital Signatures, Public Key
Infrastructure, Pretty Good Privacy for e-mail Security, Symmetric and
Asymmetric encryption algorithms and Key Exchange algorithms necessitates
that these techniques be applied to the Banking and e-commerce web sites to
protect the data exchanged and data stored.
This book looks to discuss and address the difficulties and challenges in
securing the e-commerce transactions and applications. The editors will
seek chapters that address different aspects of secure e-commerce protocols
involving the use of digital signatures, digital certificates, public Key
infrastructure, and encryption algorithms. Chapters on the experience
gained in implementation of the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Protocol and the
Secure Electronic Transaction(SET) will be given importance. Chapters
describing attacks on banking and e-commerce transactions, trust models for
e-commerce security and security of banking using mobile devices will also
be given importance.
This comprehensive and timely publication aims to be an essential reference
source, building on the available literature in the field of secure banking
and ecommerce while providing for further research opportunities in this
dynamic field. It is hoped that this text will provide the resources
necessary for Financial Planners, technology developers and managers to
adopt and implement Secure Banking and E-commerce solutions across the
Target Audience
Financial Planners, academicians, researchers, advanced-level students,
technology developers, and government officials will find this text useful
in furthering their research exposure to pertinent topics in secure banking
and e-commerce transactions and to assist in furthering their own research
efforts in this field.
Recommended Topics
Contributors are welcome to submit chapters on the following topics
relating to applications of cryptography in banking and E-commerce:
    Symmetric and Asymmetric Cryptography for Secure online transactions
    Key Management for online Banking and e-commerce
    Authentication for Secure Banking and E-Commerce Applications
    Digital Signatures and E-commerce Security
    Cybercrime Forensics in E-Commerce Applications
    Secure Electronic Transaction Protocol
    Secure Banking using the Secure Socket Layer Protocol
    Database Security for Secure Banking
    Access Control and Trust Models for Secure Banking and E-Commerce
    Web Privacy and Transactions Security for Secure Banking
    Web Services Security for Secure Banking
    Mobile online Banking and E-Commerce Security
    Attacks on the Secure Banking and E-Commerce Protocols
    Certificate Based E-Commerce Security
    E-Commerce using Pretty Good Privacy protocol
    Data Back Up and Recovery for Secure Banking and E-Commerce
    Availability and Reliability for online Banking transactions
Submission Procedure
Researchers and practitioners are invited to submit on or before February
28, 2015, a 2-3 page chapter proposal clearly explaining the mission and
concerns of his or her proposed chapter. Authors of accepted proposals will
be notified by March 30, 2015 about the status of their proposals and will
be sent chapter guidelines. Full chapters are expected to be submitted by
June 30, 2015. All submitted chapters will be reviewed. Contributors may
also be requested to serve as reviewers for this project. All manuscripts
are accepted based on a double-blind peer review editorial process.
This book is scheduled to be published by IGI Global (formerly Idea Group
Inc.), an international academic publisher of the "Information Science
Reference" (formerly Idea Group Reference), "Medical Information Science
Reference," "Business Science Reference," and "Engineering Science
Reference" imprints. IGI Global specializes in publishing reference books,
scholarly journals, and electronic databases featuring academic research on
a variety of innovative topic areas including, but not limited to,
education, social science, medicine and healthcare, business and
management, information science and technology, engineering, public
administration, library and information science, media and communication
studies, and environmental science. For additional information regarding
the publisher, please visit  This publication is
anticipated to be released in 2016.
Book Series
For release in the Advances in Information Security, Privacy, & Ethics
(AISPE) Book Series
ISSN: 1948-9730
The Advances in Information Security, Privacy, & Ethics (AISPE) Book Series
provides cutting-edge research on the protection and misuse of information
and technology across various industries and settings. Comprised of
scholarly research on topics such as identity management, cryptography,
system security, authentication, and data protection, this book series is
ideal for reference by IT professionals, academicians, and upper-level
Important Dates
February 28, 2015: Proposal Submission Deadline
March 30, 2015: Notification of Acceptance
June 30, 2015: Full Chapter Submission
August 30, 2015: Review Results Returned
September 30, 2015: Revised Chapter Submission
October 15, 2015: Final Acceptance Notification
Dr. Kannan Balasubramanian
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Mepco Schlenk Engineering College, Sivakasi
Tamil Nadu, India 626005
Tel.: 91-04562-235367
E-mail: kannanbala at mepcoeng.ac.in

@_date: 2016-01-09 13:59:26
@_author: Kannan Balasubramanian 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Call for Book chapters 
Call for Chapters: Algorithmic Strategies for Solving Complex Problems in
[image: Facebook Send]
Kannan Balasubramanian,Mepco Schlenk Engineering College, Sivakasi
Call for Chapters
Proposals Submission Deadline: February 28, 2016
Full Chapters Due: June 30, 2016
Submission Date: October 30, 2016
The progress in the development of information and communication
technologies has enabled the growth of digital applications that have
changed the way users store and process data. The traditional methods of
centralized computing have given way to newer ways of distributed computing
where clusters of computers together attempt to solve a computationally
difficult problem. A number of problems have been identified that have
defied easy solutions using computers. Some of these problems in
cryptography include factoring large numbers into its prime factors and
finding very large prime numbers which are required in the RSA
Other hard problems in cryptography are the variants of the Diffie-Hellman
and Discrete Logarithm problems. A number of public key cryptosystems exist
which require computation for the choice of parameters. Many cryptanalytic
methods involve guessing the key given a large number of
plaintext-ciphertext pairs. Efficient algorithms are also required for
digital signature generation and verification. The solutions for these
problems should consider the time and space complexity of the algorithms.
Different algorithmic strategies used in the solutions of these problems
include techniques such as Greedy strategy, Divide and Conquer, Brute Force
Search, Dynamic Programming, Branch and Bound, Randomized algorithms and
Heuristics. A commonly used technique used in distributed computing is to
divide a given a problem into a number of subtasks and combine the results
from the different subtasks to obtain the final solution. An example is a
search problem where different tasks corresponding to different subtrees
may be assigned to different computers and the result from these computers
may be combined to obtain the final optimal solution. Search based
algorithms are inefficient since they have to search among a very large
number of solutions. Cryptographic algorithms aim at computing the correct
solution and not an approximate solution. Many of the cryptographic
algorithms include a verification step which necessitates correct
implementation of the solutions.
This book looks to discuss and address the challenges in providing
efficient solutions for one or more of the above problems. The editor seeks
chapters that address techniques for solving the problem and the
performance results of the technique in terms of time taken and storage
capacity used. Experience gained using techniques from evolutionary
computing in solving cryptography problems are also welcomed. Chapters
making efficient use of memory organization can also yield quicker
solutions to the problems.
This publication aims to be an essential reference source, building on the
available literature in the solution for the difficult problems while
providing for further research opportunities in this field. It is hoped
that this edited book will provide the resources necessary for
Cryptographers, Cryptanalysts, Developers and information technology
managers to adopt and implement techniques for solving Complex problems in
Target Audience
Computer Programmers, academicians, researchers, advanced-level students,
software developers, and government officials will find this book useful in
furthering their research exposure to pertinent topics in problem solving
techniques in Cryptography and to assist in furthering their own research
efforts in this field
Recommended Topics
Contributors are welcome to submit chapters on the following topics
relating to algorithms and implementations for solving computationally
Difficult problems in:
- Finding very large prime numbers.
- Factorization of a number into its Prime factors.
- Heuristic and Randomized algorithms for Cryptanalytic algorithms.
- Efficient algorithms for Public key Cryptography and Key exchange
- Efficient Implementation of Digital Signature Algorithms.
- Sequential and Parallel processing of the Cryptography Algorithms.
- Computational methods for Complex problems in Cryptography.
- Programming Languages and tools for Cryptography and Cryptanalysis
- Evolutionary computing techniques for Cryptography Algorithms
- Efficient Memory Organization for solving Complex problems in
And Cryptanalysis
Submission Procedure
Researchers and practitioners are invited to submit on or before *February
28, 2016*, a 2-3 page chapter proposal clearly explaining the mission and
concerns of his or her proposed chapter. Authors of accepted proposals will
be notified by *March 30, 2016* about the status of their proposals and
will be sent chapter guidelines. Full chapters are expected to be submitted
by *June 30, 2016*.
This book is scheduled to be published by IGI Global (formerly Idea Group
Inc.), publisher of the "Information Science Reference" (formerly Idea
Group Reference), "Medical Information Science Reference," "Business
Science Reference," and "Engineering Science Reference" imprints. For
additional information regarding the publisher, please visit
 This publication is anticipated to be released in 2017.
Important Dates
*February 28, 2016:* Proposal Submission Deadline
*March 30, 2016:* Notification of Acceptance
*June 30, 2016:* Full Chapter Submission
*August 30, 2016:* Review Results Returned
*September 30, 2016:* Revised Chapter Submission
*October 30, 2016:* Final Chapter Submission
kannanbala at mepcoeng.ac.in
Propose a chapter for this book
