
@_date: 2010-08-24 11:22:36
@_author: Katrin Verclas 
@_subject: Haystack redux 
From another list.
Begin forwarded message:
Hi All,
I understand some of you have concerns/comments regarding our
It would be great if a list could be compiled of 1) tech
concerns and 2) other concerns since it's a bit much for me to
dig through all the past discussions.
I understand the OFAC questions are mostly cleared up. There was
one comment about the month delay between Hillarys comment about
our organization and our announcement. We, as an organization,
were under zero obligation to make the license public, but wanted
to let people know we were moving forward with project hurdles.
OFAC/State left the decision in our hands to disclose the license
or not. These licenses are generally not made public because,
let's face it, it would be stupid on their behalf to out the
people they're licensing in many cases.
I completely understand that the lack of transparency is
frustrating to some. As many of you know, some of the issues
we're dealing with here at Haystack are rather sensitive so we
prefer to be overly cautious for the moment. Also, if we answered
everyone's demanding emails, we'd get nothing done. We're a small
team and just trying to do things right. So we're grateful for
the expert mentor-ship we have thus far received.
Anyway, I look forward to hearing from many of you and I look
forward to a constructive, mature conversation. I'll be as
transparent as our organization has decided to be, and I trust
that will be respected.
For those individual(s) on this list who have a history of being
confrontational in order to grab attention, I won't be responding
to your emails. Grow up.
Thanks all, I hope to learn much from all your experiences and
hope to make our project as best as it can be with your insights,
All bests,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
Katrin Verclas
katrin at mobileactive.org
skype/twitter: katrinskaya
(347) 281-7191
A global network of people using mobile technology for social impact
