
@_date: 2007-07-12 09:46:48
@_author: Ken Buchanan 
@_subject: How the Greek cellphone network was tapped. 
Leigh Honeywell and Paul Wouters presented a 'crypto-phone' effort
they have been working on at CCC in Germany last December.
They later presented an update at a meeting in Toronto:
They are building on OpenMoko and the Neo1973 phone
( because it is the only phone
they could find that allows OS modifications without breaking code
As I understand it, it's not true end-to-end.  It makes a 'VPN'
connection to an Asterisk PBX that you have configured somewhere in
the world, presumably on a phone network trusted more than the
wireless one you are currently on.  If the PBX has to route the call
back into public infrastructure to the other endpoint, then there is
cleartext exposure again.

@_date: 2008-08-26 10:30:45
@_author: Ken Buchanan 
@_subject: road toll transponder hacked 
Nate hasn't disclosed details of the code that wirelessly overwrites a
transponder's ID.  The temptation would be too great for many to copy
an annoying neighbour's transponder ID, and then drive through a busy
mall parking lot cloning it onto every transponder in proximity.
As mentioned in the article, the vendors have claimed it was
read-only, even though it uses flash memory (I guess technically they
could cut the write line in manufacturing, but realistically that was
highly unlikely even before Nate did this work).  I would speculate
that they just looked at the high level design, which didn't contain
any specifications for features to write to memory, and decided that
meant 'read-only'.  In the meantime, the implementers don't see any
harm in adding a few extra features *beyond* what is in the design
(viz.: the overwrite code) especially where that might be useful for
testing and diagnostics.
As an aside: Isn't it noteworthy how much less press this has gotten
than the Boston subway hacks, even though it is (IMO) of much greater
severity?  There might be a lesson there for the Massachussetts Bay
Transit Authority.

@_date: 2008-08-26 13:22:51
@_author: Ken Buchanan 
@_subject: road toll transponder hacked 
On Tue, Aug 26, 2008 at 11:56 AM, Dustin D. Trammell
I think this is a bit different than what Michael Heyman said.  TxTag,
IIRC, was implemented by the same company (Raytheon) that implemented
the 407 ETR toll system in Toronto.  In the case of the 407, there is
no image recognition done if the car has a valid transponder.  Only in
the case of a missing or invalid transponder is the plate imagery
used.  Supposedly the OCR has a high enough error rate that there is
still manual verification of plates before sending a bill, and
accordingly a $3.60 additional charge is applied per trip.
If the images are used even when the vehicle has a valid transponder

@_date: 2008-02-25 11:38:20
@_author: Ken Buchanan 
@_subject: wrt Cold Boot Attacks on Disk Encryption 
A lot of people seem to agree with what Declan McCullagh writes here:
What I'd like to know is why people weren't already rethinking this
when people like Maximillian Dornseif
and later Adam Boileau
showed you can read arbitrary RAM from a machine just by plugging into
a FireWire port, due to lack of security considerations in the IEEE
1394 standard?
Adam Boileau demonstrated finding passwords, but of course we already
know that it's easy to locate cryptographic keys in large volumes of
data (Shamir, van Someren: Reading cold DRAM may have some applications on its own -- if only
because of the large number of devices that it effects -- but as far
as walking up to a locked machine/hibernated laptop/whatever and
stealing its RAM contents, the game may have been up some time ago.
- Ken -

@_date: 2010-09-29 07:52:58
@_author: Ken Buchanan 
@_subject: Obama administration revives Draconian communications intercept plans 
The article seems to be saying that this would prohibit service
providers from building strong end to end encryption onto their
service offerings, where they do not possess the key themselves. There
are only a handful of services that currently have offerings that fit
this description, because it generally requires that clients at both
end points are both made by the provider. It does not appear that this
would affect crypto offerings by other technology companies who do not
provide communications services.
Of course, the text of any forthcoming bill is not yet known, and in
any case I am not a lawyer.
Neither is Chris Soghoian, but he makes an interesting point about
CALEA:
