
@_date: 2019-08-02 22:57:46
@_author: Ken McCall 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Our leader opines on cryptocurrencies - tainted 
??????? Original Message ???????
According to some sources 80% of all the bills in circulation are "tainted" with bacteria, or . . . cocaine. I've never had one refused. Oh, I take that back - in Russia. Every American bill must be pristine and perfect. No tears. No marks. No folds. Nothing. But, they don't care where they've been, or what they've been used for.
In fact, if I had one signed by El Chapo it would probably be worth more!
"give me your tired your poor your tainted masses . . ." I'll take 'em!
Ken McCall
Support: Or, if you mistakenly think you have nothing to hide:
Get naked and give me your passwords.

@_date: 2019-05-16 17:15:02
@_author: Ken McCall 
@_subject: [Cryptography] France Will Pay $2,240 to Decipher a Rock . . . 
The village of Plougastel-Daoulas in Brittany, France, has just posted a reward of 2,000 euros ($2,240) for anyone who can translate this very cryptic message on a very mysterious rock. Details:
Ken McCall
Support: Or, if you mistakenly think you have nothing to hide:
Get naked and give me your passwords.
Sent with [ProtonMail]( Secure Email.

@_date: 2019-11-18 22:09:06
@_author: Ken McCall 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How can poor/bad/compromised random number 
Excuse my ignorance, but I'm trying to understand, from a realistic/practical standpoint, how a "poor" (Bad? Less than optimal?) random number generator can create a problem in the Bitcoin network (blockchain, transactions, nodes, exchanges, wherever.).
My initial thoughts were that good (true?) random numbers were integral to everything. That everything could be compromised somehow. But when I think it through, how in actuality can a less than optimal number end up creating a problem? I don't understand how the bitcoin network could be compromised by a poor RNG anywhere?
Here's where I get stonewalled:
- A transaction output already has been signed by someone's private key. Even if you could insert your own, that would accomplish nothing but making you the signer on the next transaction.
- A transaction consists of a UTXO being digitally signed over to an address using ECDSA. The random number (private key) used to generate signature is never exposed, also the recipient address (really a pubic key that's been hashed repeatedly) is also never exposed, so I don't see how knowing that they had a faulty RNG could gain an attacker any benefit?
Wallets / blocks:
- The Bitcoin wallet generates the keys internally. So, it would seem the only attack vector would be to know what RNG the wallet was using, and what weakness it possessed. However, even with this knowledge I don't understand how any bad actor could benefit from it? I.e, the transaction's been signed. The block has been confirmed, etc. It's all a done deal.
In other words, all the random numbers are generated on the fly, as needed, they aren't preconceived in some list or database. Where in the network could bad RNGs be used to wreak havoc, and how? Please keep in mind I'm not a mathematician or cryptographer, just a curious techie.
In need of enlightenment.
Sent with [ProtonMail]( Secure Email.

@_date: 2019-09-11 16:45:52
@_author: Ken McCall 
@_subject: [Cryptography] TRNGs as open source design semiconductors 
I watch discussions on this list to learn more about cryptography and I find it very valuable. However, I am not a cryptographer myself. There was recent thread on TRNGs and I'd like to expound it into a slightly different tangent, if I may.
It seems to me (at least in the cryptocurrency world) that there is a growing desire that hardware become more transparent (as in open source) just as software has been. I believe an open source chip could radically disrupt the existing TRNG chip market, forcing transparency. I?m also assuming this theoretical chip would  be certified by one or more of the myriad certification authorities that all these manufacturers use as proof of their design integrity. Obviously there is a case to be made that a TRNG burned into a chip (and open source hardware design) results in a fixed attack surface. However, at least that attack surface, should it be breached, would be a known entity versus the proprietary chips on the market.
To my knowledge there are no open source TRNG chips commercially available on the market. There are however, discrete component plans available, but not widely adopted (
Also, there was one Crowdsupply failed attempt to create a chip:
So, I wonder:
- Might open source TRNG hardware (as a semiconductor chip) better support cryptography in general, or perhaps just for crypto currencies? Or, am I completely wrong in this belief, and the hardware designs are best left as proprietary?
Thanks you for your thoughts on this.

@_date: 2020-06-24 19:43:47
@_author: Ken McCall 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The War on Encryption continues... 
??????? Original Message ???????
I believe this is what the EFF has been gathering forces against for a while now. One can take action a number of ways including the following:
