
@_date: 2019-10-16 11:20:12
@_author: =?UTF-8?Q?Kevin_Wadjibad=C3=A9?= 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Etica Released 
Announcing the release of Etica, a neutral protocol for medical research.
It's completely operational, decentralized and open source.
The smart contract has been deployed this morning (16/10/2019).
Repository link:
Smart Contract address:
For now you can interact with the protocol with command line. I am in the
process of ending a first explorer so that users can interact with it
without command line.
You can get coins by getting someone to send you some, by mining or earn
them as protocol reward.
Total circulation will reach 21,000,000 coins in about 10 years. Then it
will be a constant yearly inflation of  2.6180339887498948482045868343656%
as protocol reward.
The system supports all features discussed in the previously sent
Best regards,
Kevin Wad

@_date: 2019-09-28 19:11:49
@_author: =?UTF-8?Q?Kevin_Wadjibad=C3=A9?= 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Etica neutral protocol for medical research 
I've been working on a neutral protocol for decentralised
medical research without intellectual property.
The paper is available at:
Etica: A type 1 civilization neutral protocol for medical research
Abstract. A purely neutral protocol for rewarding
 medical research would allow greater efficiency and the
sharing of early stage medical discoveries without
intellectual property. Open source research can make
medical research more efficient and faster but its benefits
are lost if intellectual property is still required to incentivize
I propose a solution to the intellectual property dilemma by creating a
neutral protocol that encourages multiple parts to take part in a
decentralised medical research process without any intellectual property.
The protocol is based on a privacy voting system in which token holders
can submit proposals. The proposals are scientific articles oriented
a specific disease. The protocol institutes a nash equilibrium for each
disease to incentivize the publication of researches that could lead to
medical treatments. Proposers and voters are rewarded or penalised
depending on the outcome of the proposals? votes.
For each proposal the approval choice is considered as the right choice
if it gathered more votes than the protocol?s threshold. This threshold is
readjusted by the protocol every 5 weeks depending on the ratio of
approved and rejected proposals. If the voters tend to approve too
many proposals then the protocol?s threshold is raised, if on the contrary
the voters tend to reject too many proposals then it is decreased. Users
have to vote upon proposals based on their inherent properties, they can?t
see other users? votes thanks to a two step voting system with privacy.
The protocol impels off-chain communications between token holders about
proposals usefullness. Organisations based on a specific disease or group
diseases are likely to emerge in order to provid token holders with relevant
 information and analysis of proposals through forums and dedicated
website explorers. Etica aims to become the neutral protocol on top of
the next generation decentralised communities will organise themselves and
gain expertise to discover medical treatments without intellectual property.
Full paper at:
Kevin Wad
sans virus.
