
@_date: 2016-08-18 11:12:09
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Phishing Attacks - Alice, HAL and Bob 
One of the conclusions of the phishing attacks paper was that phishing attacks are the counterfeiting of an identity, not the counterfeiting of a website. Hence counterfeiting is just identity theft. From this we can develop solutions to protect manufactured goods from counterfeiting e.g. pharmaceutical drugs. I documented my ideas in a second paper i.e.
     The method proposed to prevent counterfeiting of manufactured goods is analogous to digital signatures. It would take a cryptographer or game theorist to understand the solution, hence the cryptography connection.
Here’s an example from the paper i.e. glass coins.
    Coins could be made out of glass. Flaws like tiny bubbles would be
    difficult to position during manufacture. As such imperfections
    would make each coin unique and impossible to replicate. Whatever
    process is used to draw a picture and a coin value could be used to
    add a unique serial number. Authentication would involve
    authenticating the physical properties like refractive index and
    examining the coin's unique physical flaws i.e. Fingerprint. Finally
    the central bank, for that currency, can authenticate that 'serial
    number -   fingerprint' combination.

@_date: 2016-08-19 17:12:46
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Phishing Attacks - Alice, HAL and Bob 
So if you're all out there, reading these posts, can you look at my original posts that started this thread i.e.
June (4 posts)  First = July (2 posts) First = I'm arguing that a remote website (Mallory/a phishing website) cannot counterfeit a secret shared between me and my web browser. At least not without hacking into my PC first. And that's hacking, not phishing!
Another example, connected with the second paper, is the Kellogg's ‘Free Spoon’ offer i.e. a one-time password inside the cereal box is entered into a website to get your free spoon. If the code works then you know your box of cereal is not counterfeit. The thing is, someone needs to tell the pharmaceutical industry (and cigarettes industry) so that they can use this solution on their products. Like the coin solution this is cryptography/authentication, it just doesn’t look like it because there is no maths involved.
P.S. Cool responses, very helpful, I love the nuclear energy connection. So thank you Jerry, Dirk-Willem, Philip and Thierry. Some of my original work did involve laminating glitter to create random patterns. And assessing daft ideas like printing digital signatures onto sheets that would be inside your box of drugs. (That’s a telephone directory sized book inside your box of toothpaste. After scanning it in (OCR) you verify the digital signature, then compare a picture inside the digital signature to a piece of glass with glitter inside it. Also inside the box with your toothpaste. I guess you might have issues if you do this rather than brush your teeth with the fake toothpaste.)
Ok. Joking aside, real world example: You’re about to hop into bed with a woman and you are wondering if the condoms you have are genuine or fake? You open the tamper proof packaging (a one-way function) retrieve a one-time password from inside the packaging. Now you enter that code into a website. If the genuine manufacturer confirms the code, then the condoms are genuine, otherwise they are fake.
About 11 years ago there was a small baby boom in Ireland after a batch of condoms was found to be faulty. The media did not report them as counterfeit, just faulty. Legal issues I guess.
This is cryptography/authentication, confirmation of a shared secret, one-time functions etc. etc.
Also, the two papers are connected, one is about the counterfeiting of websites (phishing) the other counterfeiting of pharmaceutical drugs. In both cases the solution is classic cryptography.

@_date: 2016-08-22 12:12:34
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Phishing Attacks - Alice, HAL and Bob 
Here 'tamper proof packaging' is analogous to encryption i.e. Eve cannot steal the concealed code without breaking the packaging. Same goes for The objective is to break the counterfeiters business model i.e. each product will have a unique code which will tell the user 'its probably genuine' on its first use. All subsequent uses will state that the code was used before i.e. it definitely fake. Hence 1000 counterfeits would require the theft of 1000 genuine products to get their codes. Yes there is the possibility that you might be unlucky. If one genuine product has its code used in 200 counterfeits. Then the first to use the authentication code will be told the product is genuine (that's why I said 'its probably genuine' above). However all subsequent uses of the code, all 199, will be told its a fake.
This is analogous to the solution in the phishing attacks paper i.e. my solution there argues that phishers now have to hack into 1000 computers, steal 1000 user-browser shared secrets. Hacking into 1000 computers being different to either a MITM or a basic HTML website I can't patent this solution it's the same as the Kellogg's 'free spoon offer'. So all I can get is the credit for solving this/figuring this out. And I'm actually more interested in the phishing solution, anyway. My solution is DIRT cheep. (1) tamper proof packaging (analogous to encryption!), and (2) a concealed password inside the packaging. Then (3) a website to authenticate the code. Its basically the 'free spoon offer' I just figured it out from the conclusions of the phishing paper.

@_date: 2016-08-29 17:47:04
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ORWL - The First Open Source, 
Not sure this is really helpful, but a Seth Lloyd paper titled 'Any non-affine one-to-one binary gate suffices for computation' at Abstract: Any non-affine one-to-one binary gate can be wired together with suitable inputs to give AND, OR, NOT and fan-out gates, and so suffices to construct a general-purpose computer.
If you really don't trust anyone you can build your own!

@_date: 2016-07-02 11:41:18
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Phishing Attacks - Alice, HAL and Bob 
Phishing attacks = The counterfeiting of a website.
I was researching counterfeiting and Game Theory, NOT Cryptography.
I discovered web browsers can counterfeit almost anything, including Blue Screens of Death. See YouTube clip The only things which could not be counterfeited by a remote website were things the counterfeiters did not know i.e. secrets. This forced my game theory research into cryptography i.e. they are 'shared secrets'. The solution to phishing attacks can be found in any cryptography textbook.
Item number 4 of the list on page 3 of the paper, is a list of shared secrets. They were the only things I could not counterfeit. That is, Mallory cannot counterfeit what Mallory does not know. If Mallory hacks into my computer to get the secret, that’s not phishing any more, that’s something else.

@_date: 2016-07-08 08:53:26
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Phishing Attacks - Alice, HAL and Bob 
Imagine the following: its April fool’s day and someone working at the BBC decides to play a prank on their viewers. They superimpose the settings menu of a popular television onto the live television broadcast.
If you have a different brand of television it won’t work, just like a phishing attack asking me to login to a bank I don’t do business with. For the correct television I can either use a screening strategy, like changing the television channel, or I could customise the settings menu on my television so it looks unique i.e. get my television to use a signalling strategy. (Game Theory)
A customised settings menu is a shared secret which I use to distinguish my television menu from the fake menu broadcast by the BBC. This is cryptography 101. The solution to phishing attacks can be found in any cryptography textbook.
You are Alice watching your television. Your television is HAL. The television channel is either Mallory or Bob. After your web browser has verified the digital signature on a TLS certificate your browser will display the login window. You, Alice, can tell the difference between a login window created by your browser and one created by a remote website by looking at the ‘customisation’, the shared secret. Just like the customised television menu.
Link can be found on earlier posts or at   including the Full Screen Counterfeiting demo at

@_date: 2016-06-14 22:31:08
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Phishing Attacks - Alice, HAL and Bob 
I have an academic paper on Phishing attacks at  or  I'm looking for feedback.
The paper argues that Phishing attacks are a basic cryptography protocol failure i.e. instead of
    Alice = Web browser    = A Machine
    Bob   = The Web Server = A Machine
It should be three actors i.e.
    Alice = The Human Being = A Human
    HAL   = Web browser     = A Machine
    Bob   = The Web Server  = A Machine
After that it’s a standard solution i.e. Alice and HAL must share a secret. After HAL has verified Bob's TLS Certificate he presents the, now verified, identity data together with the Alice-HAL shared secret. Alice must authenticate both HAL and Bob simultaneously i.e. authenticate both the Alice-HAL shared secret and Bob’s identity. Basically Alice (Human) must authenticate her web browser and the identity specified in the TLS Certificate. The idea is that Mallory cannot counterfeit the shared secret without hacking into thousands of computers. A far cry from a basic phishing attack.
Also if the paper interests you, there is    and   which were used to write the paper.

@_date: 2016-06-29 13:58:04
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Phishing Attacks - Alice, HAL and Bob 
Being knowledgeable of cryptography subscribers of this list don’t need to read the academic paper. Everything a cryptographer needs to know is in my original post to this list i.e.
2 actors = incorrect
3 actors = correct
After that the solution to Phishing attacks is to be found in any cryptography textbook.

@_date: 2016-11-15 14:38:27
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] October 28th is now National Cryptography Day 
Concerning a Cryptography Day, one argument goes like this:
Cryptography is the mathematician’s equivalent of Gun Ownership and the USA already has an Independence Day when they celebrate such freedoms?

@_date: 2016-11-19 16:21:00
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto and rustling 
If they are Friesian cattle then you can hire an artist to sketch drawings of the patchwork black and white pattern of each cow. Kinda like taking note of the brand that Mother Nature put on them. Its cryptography in the sense that each cow’s pattern is a ‘Physical unclonable function’. Once you take note of the pattern you simply authenticate any given cow against a register of owners. Though that sounds like a computer database which is not available in the 19th century. I guess the local sheriff could use a copybook of drawings of To me, your question is about counterfeiting & authentication. The solution presented is based on anti-counterfeiting solutions referenced in some of my earlier posts.

@_date: 2017-02-07 18:20:51
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
This is a link to my original post back in June 2016. You people never told me why my solution is wrong.
So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong?
Here's a link to the latest version of the paper: I figure a kid in primary school could understand it, but you people only seem to understand pure-math. A shared secret seems to be too much for you. Pages 3, 8, 9 and 10 are sufficient. I could explain it here, just like my other posts, but you people ignored them so you'll probably ignore this message too. And a completely silent response makes it look like the NSA are blocking my posts. Call me paranoid if you like, JUST TELL ME WHY MY SOLUTION IS WRONG!!!

@_date: 2017-02-08 16:20:10
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: Re: [FORGED] Re: So please tell me. Why is my 
You kinda have to read the entire paper up to the end of section 3, to get the answer to this question.
In a nut shell: your web browser has two personalities, one friend, one foe. The foe is when your browser creates a counterfeit website page. The friend is when your browser does something that a remote website cannot do i.e. access local data. For your browser to display local data is classic cryptography! Local data are shared secrets. For your browser to show you an image from the hard drive, an image that remote websites cannot access, is your browser proving that you are NOT looking at a web page created by Mallory, out there on the internet.
I would build it into the browser. I would let the website creator decide when the window should appear.

@_date: 2017-02-08 13:59:22
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
7.1 April fool’s day at the BBC (in paper) is an example of trusted interface. So I know this concept.
I disagree. All that stuff is cool but we don’t need it. All that is needed is a TINY addition to TLS i.e. after the digital signature has been verified, your browser should show Fig 1. The human being then authenticates both the TLS identity and the fact that the entire window, Fig 1, has not been counterfeited. This is achieved by confirming that the picture is correct. We’re forcing the human being to (1) use TLS, (2) authenticate the identity in the TLS certificate and (3) make sure that the entire window, Fig 1, is not a counterfeit itself. This is achieved since Mallory would have to hack into your computer and steal the image, in order to counterfeit Fig 1. It’s subtle, but this is a very small change to TLS.
Web pages are so easy to counterfeit users should never be allowed to login via a regular web page. They should always use Fig 1. Fig 1 cannot be counterfeited without Mallory hacking into your computer.
The picture will be the same for all websites it will be easy to remember by the user, and easy to spot when it’s different. So it's set for your browser, your user account. It will be the same for Facebook, gMail, Amazon etc. Otherwise the user just needs to know which website they were looking for and their username and password for that site i.e. the ONLY addition information, for my solution, is their user-browser secret and the names of a few certificate authorities.

@_date: 2017-02-08 16:18:27
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: Re: So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
Phishing attacks! Web browsers are so versatile they can counterfeit
Line taken from the abstract: 'In full screen mode browsers can
counterfeit almost anything, including BSOD, formatting the hard drive
and fake login screens. I found one category of behaviour which could
not be counterfeited by a remote website.' That one category is list
item number 4 on page 3 of the paper i.e. secrets shared between the
'human computer user' and their own browser. This is classic
cryptography, a shared secret.
Phishing attacks bypass TLS entirely because (1) TLS does not force the
authentication of Bob. And (2) even if it did, phishers would proceed to
counterfeit that authentication process. Hence my stone-age-man solution
is a shared secret! Mallory cannot counterfeit Fig 1 without hacking
into you computer, and that's not a phishing attack anymore, that's
something else.
My solution: (1) force the use of TLS by using Fig 1 for all logins (2)
force the user to confirm that the login window was created by their own
web browser. That it is not a web page itself. And (3) force the human
to authenticate the identity credential in the TLS certificate.
Apologies for the insults, they seemed to be the only way to get people
talking about this work.

@_date: 2017-02-08 16:19:03
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: Re: So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
A key component of the solution is that the secret only resides on
'this' computer i.e. if it is ever placed on a network then you are back
being attacked by MITM attacks. The solution is entirely to prevent the
login screen, Fig 1, from being counterfeited. Each corporate user would
have to set a new image for each machine they use. However, after that
every web page accessed on that machine would use that local image. So
on your own computer, Facebook, Amazon etc would all show the same
image. The names for Trent and Bob come from the TLS certificate.
Apologies but EVERYONE would have to be in on this. So (1) web browsers
alone create Fig 1, (2) logins via regular web pages should not be
allowed since they are so easy to counterfeit there is no protection
against phishing. Hence some kind of protocol would be needed to tell
your browser to create Fig 1 i.e.
1. browser please verify digital signature on TLS certificate, if valid
2. browser create fig 1, with your local secret (forcing phishers to
hack individual computers) and the authenticated TLS identity, and...
3. return the username and password entered by the user. We assume that
the user will only enter this data if they accept the picture and the
TLS identity.
Cool. Thanks for your response.

@_date: 2017-02-08 16:19:41
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: Re: [FORGED] Re: So please tell me. Why is my 
So anyway, it’s not a site image.
Please read '7.1 April fool's day at the BBC' on page 14 of the paper.

@_date: 2017-02-08 16:20:29
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: Re: [FORGED] Re: So please tell me. Why is my 
Your browser will only show it after verifying a TLS certificate's digital signature. Hence the phishers need to hack a certificate authority to get fig 1 up.
Sure phishers could buy a TLS certificate but its up to the certificate authorities not to sell certificates with fake identities to criminals. And yes, I know this has happened. I don't have the references to hand.

@_date: 2017-02-08 16:23:09
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
Nope, they have'nt. It's not SiteKey. This is different.
A phisher cannot counterfeit fig 1 without hacking into people's home computers. Remote websites cannot access you hard disk. However installed software, like your web browser can. Hence a browser which displays information which remote websites cannot display is demonstrating that Fig 1 has been created by your web browser, not by a remote phishing website.
This solution is not SiteKey. Its getting your browser to force you to use TLS and all the cool identity authentication stuff already there, like certificate authorities etc.
See fig 9 on page 9 of the paper. You web browser is an actor in the cryptography protocol! Hence your web browser must authenticate itself!
After the browser verifies the TLS's digital signature, the browser presents fig 1. The human looks at fig 1 and implicitly authenticates BOTH 'her browser' and the TLS identity, by entering her login credentials. The picture is stored locally.

@_date: 2017-02-08 17:26:03
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [FORGED] Re: So please tell me. Why is my 
Yes, I agree with all this. I figure this solution will force the phishers into the Certificate Authority domain. Force them to up their game. Right now they don't need any TLS certificate. Also, while I agree with your stories I hate a good solution being dismissed because there are idiots out there. In my opinion proper cryptographers should see the simplicity of this solution. The responses I've got so far are very helpful because they indicate people are just not reading my paper.
They look at the picture and assume its SiteKey, which it is not!

@_date: 2017-02-08 18:06:27
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
The name Bob in Fig 1 comes from the TLS certificate. Hence its up to the Certificate Authority to have the correct name for Bob. Many existing sites have dumb entries inside their TLS certificates e.g. Ulster Bank in Ireland is 'The Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc' within its TLS certificate. Once the solution is in use businesses will get their act together and put better names inside their certificates.
Cool question. The whole point is that TLS fails in one TINY area. To protect usernames and passwords the identity of the remote website MUST be authenticated. My research indicates an un-counterfeitable login screen is needed. Full screen counterfeiting indicates anything can be counterfeited except classic cryptography shared secrets! This is why I'm saying the solution is primary school. Its classic cryptography. A login screen created by the browser cannot be counterfeited if it displays a picture from the hard disk which remote websites cannot access. To counterfeit such a login screen the phishers must hack into thousands of computers, not just blanket bomb thousands of email addresses with a 'look-a-like' website link. After that we just (1) only display the login screen on receipt of a valid TLS certificate. And (2) show the user the identity credentials inside the TLS certificate.
I'm saying TLS is cool! A TLS Certificate is equivalent to a passport i.e. an identity card for the internet. We just have to force people to use it. In Fig 1 Bob, Trent and Bob's website address all come from the TLS certificate. Without the user-browser shared secret Fig 1 would be easy to counterfeit. With the secret the phishers must hack into my computer to fool me! And that's not phishing anymore, that's a different

@_date: 2017-02-09 18:50:32
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
Yes. The research was anti-counterfeiting research.
After your browser verifies the digital signature on a TLS certificate it creates fig 1 with the picture from your local hard drive and Bob, Trent etc. from the TLS certificate. Hence phishers can only get an incorrect/fake name for Bob by tricking a Certificate Authority (CA), or hacking a CA. Once people are using fig 1 as a dedicated login screen it's up to the CA to ensure correct business names are inside TLS

@_date: 2017-02-09 19:23:59
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [FORGED] Fwd: Re: [FORGED] Re: So please tell 
Correct. That's why we should force the phishers into the TLS world. Fig 1 is created by your browser on verification of a TLS certificate's digital signature. By using it we are forcing the phishers to either (a) counterfeit fig 1 without TLS, or (b) get them to buy/create a TLS certificate of their own. (a) will fail unless they hack into each person's computer. And that's not phishing. (b) involves criminals either tricking a CA into giving them a false ID, in a TLS certificate. Or the criminals hacking a CA.
i.e. references to CA being hacked and/or selling certificates to criminals by accident. Just google 'certificate authority hacked' and 'certificate authority accidentally sells to criminals'
So anyway.... Full screen counterfeiting can counterfeit almost anything. The only thing that cannot be counterfeited by it, are secrets shared between the computer user and their own web browser. To counterfeit them the phisher must hack into your computer. So you don't need references to tell people about shared secrets, they must be around since the stone age.
That's just it. You people know about TLS, digital signatures, shared secrets etc. etc. In my opinion once you guys see that a basic shared secret prevents a login screen from being faked, that you guys will 'get' this solution. I believe (perhaps I'm wrong) that once your web browser is identified as an actor and forced to authenticate itself that that solves phishing.
Cool, thanks for your feedback.

@_date: 2017-02-09 19:32:07
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
Apologies but being polite got me silence.
Nope, the graphic resides on the user's computer. It is never transmitted over the network. If it was then it would be susceptible to MITM attacks.
So no, my solution is not SiteKey. Those references discuss SiteKey.
(I'll resist the temptation to pay you the £52... for now)

@_date: 2017-02-10 10:30:19
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
This is not SiteKey, so I agree with all those papers. This image is never transmitted over a network.
On verification of the digital signature on a TLS certificate the browser presents fig 1. Hence all that cool domain validation stuff is still there and it still works.

@_date: 2017-02-10 09:54:52
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
Mostly I agree with all this but I'll just clarify some stuff. The image could be chosen when your browser is updated to implement the solution. There is no link to individual internet addresses. Once the browser verifies the digital signature, you get fig 1 with info from inside the TLS certificate.
Yes. I guess the solution should be implemented on an account level. So any browser hitting TLS will ask the operating system for the image.
Cool, you're getting it! Yes, I agree, sites would request the login screen. They would never be able to get the image, but they can ask your browser to show it to you.
Excellent!!! That warning is local knowledge, just like the image. It fits the definition of a secret shared between you and your web browser. So, you are correct i.e. your suggestion is consistent with my paper's

@_date: 2017-02-10 10:25:42
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
Yes, excellent. I did not document it but the identities inside TLS certificates are de facto world wide trademarks. There are huge issues here. I figured all those issues would present themselves once the public are actually forced to examine the identities inside TLS certificates. So I figured I would push this solution first. That all these issues would become apparent once the public actually started looking at the TLS identities. Right now they never look at them, they just look for a padlock symbol.
Nope, its one image per account per computer. So you set it up when you buy a new computer. You would only need to change it when you get a virus on you computer. You can NEVER share this image across the network. Once you do MITM attacks will grab it.
** Your browser is an agent in the cryptography protocol. Therefore it must authenticate itself by presenting a shard secret. Otherwise Mallory will fake your browser i.e. phishing attack. The shared secret can be anything. It could be a colour scheme, a picture, a sound anything. So long as your browser authenticates itself by: doing something a remote website cannot! ** For example:
-tell your user how many times you have accessed this site
-display a unique colour scheme
- your suggestion, a custom keyboard shortcut
* Its an entire category of possibilities. See list item number 4 on page 3 of the paper. (
Also, see '7.1 April fool’s day at the BBC' on page 14 of the paper.
Kinda but I don't think they have it entirely. I'm kinda bullying the user into using fig 1 as a login window. Then they can't miss the signals being sent by their browser. Fig 1 is a 'bit in your face' compared to a green address bar.
Also full screen counterfeiting is kinda scary. It can counterfeit almost anything. Video here:   or go to

@_date: 2017-02-13 14:23:02
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [FORGED] Re: So please tell me. Why is my 
After receiving a TLS certificate with a valid digital signature the browser demonstrates behaviour which cannot be counterfeited i.e. by displaying an image from the local hard disk. Something remote websites cannot do. How could this be considered complex?
The patent application has lapsed. It might be possible to revive it by paying late payment fines etc. It was more to guarantee that I got credit for this work than anything else.
Mostly you are not discussing my solution. That's why I keep telling you about it. Everything you entered up there is cool. I get it. But it has nothing to do with my solution. Nothing!

@_date: 2017-02-13 15:05:37
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
I'm only seeking to solve the most basic counterfeiting of a website. I view the counterfeiting of a domain as a technical different problem. Deserving of its own solutions, like the ones you referenced.
Many phishing attacks don't use TLS, so the domain validation stuff is never utilised. The idea behind my solution is to bully the phishers into the TLS domain. Users should know to only enter their password into the login window with the correct image. Phishers won't be able to get that image up without either hacking your computer or hacking a certificate authority. I'm actually trying to force the phishers into the world of TLS, into the nets/snares of the domain validation solutions and other cool stuff in TLS.

@_date: 2017-02-13 15:32:37
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [FORGED] Re: So please tell me. Why is my 
Since the solution has been published for over a year it is prior art in most of the world and cannot be patented. That patent application could be revived for Europe with payment of 'late payment fees'/ penalties. So soon it will be prior art in Europe as well. Hence, right now, its free everywhere and soon will be free in Europe too.
Besides, a patent does not make the solution correct or incorrect.

@_date: 2017-02-13 16:21:30
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [FORGED] Re: So please tell me. Why is my 
True but I figured people who understand cryptography should 'get it' that it's just a shared secret.
Since the image is shared between 'your web browser' and 'you' a MITM attack would involve the criminal standing between you and your computer monitor!! I'm sure this happens but its not called a phishing attack.
With my solution a MITM attack must remove TLS entirely or substitute a new TLS certificate. Either way the user, or your browser, will see something is happening. The login window won't appear if TLS is missing. If a new certificate is used then who's identity or CA will be used in it? The computer user will see the fake identity named on the login window.
Right now users look for a picture of a padlock! If pictures of padlocks are proper cryptography authentication mechanisms then find me a book, or paper, which documents this cryptography authentication mechanism. Or an army which uses this tea leaf reading level cryptography solution!
Its a basic cryptography protocol failure. Your browser is an actor in the cryptography protocol, therefore your browser must authenticate itself.
I'm sure we can do user studies after cryptographers 'get it'.

@_date: 2017-02-15 17:06:37
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
Precisely. I figure my solution is a mechanism for doing this.

@_date: 2017-02-15 19:41:42
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
The solution in 1 sentence reads:
Once you view the web browser as an actor in the cryptography protocol everything else is classic cryptography i.e. your browser must authenticate itself by presenting a shared secret. That's it!
(I’ll reply to your posts later, busy right now)

@_date: 2017-02-16 21:58:08
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
The solution in 1 sentence reads:
              Once you view the web browser as an actor in the
              cryptography protocol everything else is classic
              cryptography i.e. your browser must authenticate itself by
              presenting a shared secret. That's it!
The solution is not a general case solution.   It helps
              only in the special case of a hijacked web environment. 
              It does not catch the case of a transparent application
              that can intercept keystrokes or even a paste               from a previously filled mouse copy buffer.   
    True. I'm focusing on phishing which tries to bypass TLS. If your
    computer has been hacked in any way, virus etc. this solution won't
    save you.
Transparent applications must ........ a sense of
              security.
    Agreed.
              It still has value but is not sufficient.  If local
              javascript can see the local image then
              it can be stolen or used in place.
    True. In fact the image was chosen as a good example of a 'web
    browser' - 'user' shared secret. The idea of javascript grabbing the
    image totally undermines the idea. So my preference is that it be
    built into browsers. That the developers understand what's
    happening.
    **********
    An addition to the one line description:
    One line:  Once you view the web browser as an actor in the
    cryptography protocol everything else is classic cryptography i.e.
    your browser must authenticate itself by presenting a shared secret.
    Browsers have two personalities. (A) installed software which can
    access the hard disk and (B) the browser canvas area which is
    controlled by a remote website. This personality cannot access the
    hard disk.
    TLS is implemented by personality (A). Without authentication you
    don't know which personality you are talking to. When Mallory
    utilises personality (B) to counterfeit a website (and/or browser
    interface) that's a phishing attack. All that 'full screen
    counterfeiting' stuff indicates just how far personality (B) can go.
    Hence on start-up of TLS our browser must authenticate itself as
    personality (A). Personality (B) is not able to present the correct
    image in fig1.
    This goes to the heart of the research i.e. I sought game theory
    screening strategies to elicit the genuine identity present. TLS
    (personality (A)) can show the image. Mallory and personality (B)
    cannot.
    Thanks
    Joseph

@_date: 2017-02-17 09:08:34
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
An important point: Fig1 is NOT a web page! Sure the layout looks like a web page but that's just modern interfaces for you. The whole point is that you are talking to personality (A) when you are looking at Fig1.
Taken from the paper:
April fool’s day at the BBC
Consider  the  following:  its  April  fool’s  day  and  someone at  the  BBC  decides to play a joke on their viewers. They pick a popular brand of television, counterfeit its setup menu and then superimpose that image over the live television broadcast. Viewers who own a different brand of television will be like a Bank of Ireland  customer  receiving  a  Bank  of  America  phishing  email i.e.  they  will know  immediately  that  it’s  a  scam.  However viewers  with  the  correct  brand of television will think their television is malfunctioning as it is presenting the setup menu no matter what they do. To prevent this trick from working, viewers must customise their setup menu. Doing so is creating a secret known by their television and themselves, but not known by the BBC. This is identical to the solution to phishing attacks i.e. Mallory cannot counterfeit what Mallory does not know. It’s a viewer-television secret just like our browser-user secret.

@_date: 2017-03-05 18:07:42
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Secret Handshake problem. 
I'm more into game theory and economics than cryptography so I have not encountered this problem. However a quick Google got this. I posted it because, like you, I'm interested to hear what people have to say about this one.
Soviet Spy”
Refers to the difficult process of finding other reactionaries when everyone is very quiet about it. Basically, the protocol is to ask plausibly deniable questions that other reactionaries would answer in an escalating way until you’re both sure that you’re both reactionaries without having to ever put your necks out. This is not cryptographically secure, but the stakes aren’t all that high either.
Interesting (real world) a guy once tried to bluff that he was an IT guy but I did not buy the comments he made. Not espionage but same technical

@_date: 2017-03-05 21:09:52
@_author: Joseph Kilcullen 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Secret Handshake problem. 
More.... That is, you use Game Theory screening strategies and signalling strategies. Bluffing, dropping hints that an actual agent would pick up on, then screening strategies to seal the deal if he looks real. Its pure game theory.
This is my favourite screening strategy example: Page 186 of Game Theory at Work – Miller: When the Greeks came for him, Odysseus tried to dodge the draft by acting insane. He ploughed his field randomly. Since an insane Odysseus would be useless to their cause, almost all of the Greeks were ready to abandon Odysseus to his strange farming practices. One Greek, Palamedes, suspected that Odysseus was faking. Palamedes however, still needed to prove that Odysseus was sane, so he took Odysseus’s infant son and put him in front of the plough. Had Odysseus continued to plough, he would have killed his son. If Odysseus really had been insane, he would not have noticed or cared about his son’s position and would therefore have killed him. Since Odysseus was rational, however, he stopped ploughing and thus revealed his sanity.
So, for example, you might ask a plausible deniability , harmless, question which an actual agent would recognise, like referring to something in the Soviet KGB building that only an actual agent would know about. Like refer to the walls of the canteen being painted red as an odd choice, and see if the other guy raises an eyebrow and replies with another reference for you to reply to.
Another relevant example: It was a 'thing' when people not in the KKK found out the KKK handshakes etc. People who were not members of the KKK could make fools of them by pretending to be members. Stetson Kennedy going public with all their secrets effectively destroyed the KKK. See: lol... a good example. You might know all about this stuff. You might have posted this to see who else, out there, knows all this game theory stuff. When I replied to this message bingo, you got me. A screening strategy to elicit 'who else out there knows this stuff?'
