
@_date: 2004-08-29 14:40:22
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: ?splints for broken hash functions 
This is Schneier's and Ferguson's solution to then-known hash function weaknesses in Practical Cryptography, Wiley Publishing, 2003:
"We do not know of any literature about how to fix the hash functions, but here is what we came up with when writing this book. ... Let h be one of the hash functions mentioned above. Instead of m->h(m), we use m->h(h(m) || m) as hash function. Effectively we put h(m) before the message we are hashing. This ensures that the iterative hash computations immediately depend on all the bits of the message, and no partial-message or length extension attacks can work. ... The disadvantage of this approach is that it is slow ... Another disadvantage is that this approach requires the whole message m to be buffered. You can no longer compute the hash of a stream of data as it passes by" (p. 93).

@_date: 2004-07-03 23:10:05
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: US Court says no privacy in wiretap law 
It seems privacy and free speech are becoming lost concepts worldwide. This just came out today:
So not only does China mercilessly filter the Internet for their residents (several weeks ago, they blocked access to Wikipedia), now they also filter SMSs. North Korea chose not to bother altogether, and after introducing cell phone service a year and a half ago, recently shut it down completely for "fear of too much foreign influence". I need not say international calls were blocked, both inbound and outbound, during the period the network was operational.
Is there nothing that can be done about any of this? Do we just stand by, watching some of our most important human rights go to shit?
This sets my blood boiling like very few other things.
Caustically embittered,

@_date: 2004-07-11 12:08:51
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: EZ Pass and the fast lane .... 
I understand usually no more than three are required, and even two are
Having just bought a new Kyocera SE-47, you can imagine my surprise to
note the phone has an integrated GPS transponder, theoretically used for
location tracking by 911 services. I'm assuming it won't be particularly
long before law (the next patriot act?) requires such transponders to be
accessible by law enforcement agencies regardless of user preferences.
I haven't yet read Doctorow's novel, but I don't see how the idea of
cops having to pull people over could make much sense. Cars moving down
the highway require an implicit trust architecture to exchange music,
unless we're talking of some distant future where there's a global PKI
that we're all part of, and people can rely on trust networks that arise
from it. So, if you have an implicit trust architecture (you have to
tell anyone who asks what you're offering, hoping they'll do the same in
return), the cops are indistinguishable from anyone else, making it very
easy to land arrests.
Regarding the EZ toll debate, I'd say the cost/benefit ratio will keep
people from starting to mess with these. I can buy a new cell
phone for $100, but not the same with a car; unless people are willing
to go very hi-tech in their toll evasion maneuvers, implementing, say,
thin see-through LCD screens placed over their license plates that turn
opaque at a push of a button, they probably won't risk their car. And
once they realize such a setup would cost more than the tolls they're
evading in the first place, they probably still won't risk their car.

@_date: 2004-06-08 23:58:31
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Security clampdown on the home PC banknote forgers 
Of course gold can be counterfeited - ask Archimedes. Or look up iron disulfide (FeS2, known also as iron pyrite or fool's gold) - it'll require pretty close inspection to be distinguished from actual gold. And this close inspection will also suffice to distinguish actual money from counterfeited money, so I don't think there's much sense to what you're saying, unless I'm misunderstanding it.
Personally, with the rise of biometrics, I'd put my money (pun intended) on two-tier-authenticated - something you are and something you know - payment systems taking over for regular money in most day-to-day

@_date: 2004-06-10 01:50:22
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Claimed proof of the Riemann Hypothesis released 
> Actual practical impact on cryptography? Likely zero, even if it turns
 > out the proof is correct (which of course we don't know yet), but it
 > still is neat for math geeks.
Right. He constrains his proof to dealing with a specific subset of Dirichlet zeta functions, which means he's not proving GRH or ERH, the former of which would have some - mostly theoretical - implications on crypto in the sense that it would make a number of primality algorithms, previously running in "assumed P", provably polynomial-time. Even if he proved GRH, I don't think the implications for crypto would be particularly great -- yes, things like Miller-Rabin would provably run in O(ln(n)^4), but AKS already runs in provably-polynomial time without dependencies on unproved theorems, and has been improved to comparable speed: O(ln(n)^k) | k=4+epsilon for certain cases, upper bound k=6+epsilon [1], possibly faster since the last time I looked.
[1] See Crandall, Papadopoulos: "On the implementation of AKS-class primality tests" (March 2003)

@_date: 2005-03-05 19:24:55
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: comments wanted on gbde 
I just gave the paper a quick read and am hoping this is not meant for production use. The key problems to me appear to be that:
- the paper claims added security through the added complexity, when that's almost always untrue
- standard algorithms are used for things they weren't meant to be used for
- the numbers for the amount of work to break this seem suspect (although, again, I only gave them a quick read)
Did PHK even solicit proper reviews before implementation? This looks like another case of a programmer - in this case, a really smart programmer - who decides to roll his own cryptosystem with no input from the crypto community. Terrible Idea. He would have likely been better off using, say, straight AES256 for the whole disk, without any of his own bells and whistles.

@_date: 2006-04-16 21:54:04
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: webcam encryption beats quasar encryption 
Likely Rabin's hyperencryption. I posted about it here a few years back:
 There is still active work being done on a "virtual satellite"

@_date: 2006-06-08 02:29:04
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Windows guru requested - Securing Windows 
I don't quite understand this. The concept of mounting a FS is an OS
operation, so to say "mount the FS read-only and then boot the OS" is
nonsensical. If taking the Linux live CD route isn't acceptable, your
best bet would be to start looking at something like BartPE:
 You might want to contact Bart directly
( and ask him for advice on how to proceed.

@_date: 2006-05-02 10:37:42
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: fyi: Deniable File System - Rubberhose 
I spent some time thinking about this a few years back:
 Rubberhose was one of the things that came up, along with StegFS and
BestCrypt. Unfortunately, it seems like Rubberhose hasn't seen work in
over 5 years.

@_date: 2006-05-13 22:34:39
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Piercing network anonymity in real time 
This is really nothing new -- I've been seeing systems like these,
though home brewed, in use for years. The availability of good tools as
a foundation (things like Snort, the layer7 iptables patch, and so on)
makes building decent layer 8 inference not far from trivial. Calling
this "piercing network anonymity in real time" is highly misleading; in
reality, it's more like "making it bloody obvious that there's no such
thing as network anonymity".
The best one can hope for today is a bit of anonymous browsing and IM
with Tor, and that only insofar as you can trust a system whose single
point of failure -- the directory service -- was, at least until
recently, Roger's personal machine sitting in an MIT dorm room.

@_date: 2006-05-14 23:28:31
@_author: Ivan Krstic 
@_subject: Piercing network anonymity in real time 
You're, er, missing the point entirely. The system Jerry posted about
relies on sniffing traffic of commonly used services to passively gather
layer 8 information. The vast majority of regular computer users had,
and largely still have, an expectation of privacy from their use of
these standard, non-encrypted services such as plain e-mail and IM; it's
*this* privacy that I said never existed, except in the minds of
uneducated users.
This is also why there's no "piercing of anonymity" going on -- there's
no anonymity to pierce! If Jerry's system had the ability to, say,
perform attacks on Tor and similar systems to gather data, then one
could argue for piercing anonymity as an accurate description.
