
@_date: 2003-11-17 09:45:10
@_author: l.crypto@stewart.org 
@_subject: Are there... 
(this is a resend, apologies for duplicates)
As David Wagner points out, encryption with a public key (for which the
private key has been discarded) would seem to work.
I think there is a bit more to be said about requirements though.
For a one-way encryption algorithm to be injective will also require that
the output (nee ciphertext) be at least as long as the input, so unlike
a hash function, you can't have a fixed length output for a variable length
input (unless the fixed length is larger than the largest input.)
One can always invert an injective one-way function by
exhaustive search, but do you have a requirement for how difficult
it must be to discover the inverse function?  If, for example, a public
key encryption is used, with the private key thrown away, then we might
estimate the work involved in cracking the system.
If you want the exhaustive search to be the easiest way to solve the
system, then the effective key length of the public key must be at least
as large as the message.
If the system is to be used for password encoding (as is traditional) then
one should also protect against dictionary attacks (precomputation of
likely passwords).  The usual way to do that is with salt, but if you
also wish to avoid someone cracking the whole system, then the
encryption key should be generated independently for each encryption
and packaged along with the ciphertext. That solves the salt problem
and the cracking the system problem in one step.

@_date: 2003-10-22 19:59:16
@_author: l.crypto@stewart.org 
@_subject: MITM attacks 
Take many grains of salt before concluding that MITM attacks are either
hard or don't happen.
It is just that the environment for them is not the Internet per se, but
modern switched LANs.   The basic trick to monitoring someone's LAN traffic
is to convince the ARP machinery that the MITM MAC is associated with
the target's IP address, and then to forward the intercepted traffic to
the real MAC address.
This sort of thing is also one approach to getting into wireless lans.
So given switched LANs with wireless access points, (drive up access)
I would not be surprised at a rise in MITM attacks, even with
no crypto involved.

@_date: 2004-04-08 11:15:52
@_author: l.crypto@stewart.org 
@_subject: voting  
Having a paper ballot printed by machine (and checked by the votor) before
being dropped in a box may permit some additional cross-checks:
* Put serial numbers or something like them, on each ballot, so that
missing or added ballots can be detected.
* Put check digits on each ballot, so that alterations can be detected.
In order to avoid a big key management problem, perhaps each machine
could generate its own key-pair, and print the public half on each
ballot.  Perhaps the check digits could be chained through the whole
sequence of ballots so that adversaries have to modify the whole
tail sequence to change one. Perhaps at the end of the sequence, the
machine could generate a known set of void ballots, making changing the
tail after the fact impossible.
* Print a receipt for the actual votor that can be used by the votor
to check that her vote was actually recorded.  Ideally, the receipt
should also be able to confirm that the actual intended votes were recorded.
It should not be possible to compute the votes from the receipt.
It should not be possible for an inquiry about a vote from the receipt
holder to tie the identity of the votor to the votes.
This last item would help my degree of confidence - I'd like to be able
to independently confirm, myself, that my vote was accurately recorded.
Naturally, the sequence information must not be traceable to an individual -
this is usually the case in manual sign-in systems that match votors to
registration books.  I would be skeptical about automated sign-in.

@_date: 2004-05-25 15:56:47
@_author: l.crypto@stewart.org 
@_subject: The future of security  
I'd like to think we would see a new flowering of cryptography
delivering new functionality to end users rather than be used
only to secure existing boring stuff.
For example, suppose SDSI or Dan's idea of delegation certificates
were carried through - you could talk about handing someone the
keys to your house to look after, and the USB fob would hold
delegation certs that let your friend control your thermostats or your
replayTV.
