
@_date: 2003-02-21 18:56:13
@_author: Andreas Gunnarsson 
@_subject: AES-128 keys unique for fixed plaintext/ciphertext pair? 
No, the unicity distance is the amount of ciphertext where the expected
number of spurious keys is zero.
  It will be seen from Fig. 7 that the equivocation curves approach zero
  rather sharply. Thus we may, with little ambiguity, speak of a point
  at which the solution becomes unique. This number of letters will be
  called the unicity distance. For the random cipher it is approximately
  H(K)/D.
D (the redundancy in bits/letter) depends on how good the attackers
model of the language is, which is difficult to control for whoever does
the encryption. It should be possible to find two messages of the same
size, one of which has no spurious keys while the other one has at least
one. It is thus not possible to give an exact size for a given cipher
system such that no ciphertexts have spurious keys but there exist
spurious keys for all smaller ciphertexts.
No, if it was true I could take any plantext message and 2^128 + 1
random ciphertexts and find a key for each of the ciphertexts that
encrypts the plaintext into it, unless you mean that the ciphertexts
must be chosen so that there is a key which encrypts p into c. In the
latter case it may be true if the source language is e.g. English, but
not for an arbitraty language. It also does not hold for any arbitrary
cipher; a trivial counter-example would be a cipher where not all key
bits are used.
Anyway, I believe that the original question was whether there is
exactly one key for every possible pair of *blocks* c, p so that
"Of course we can look at the generalized case of Rijndael
with block size == key size and ask the same question."
For that question I agree with what others have already said.

@_date: 2003-09-21 19:13:04
@_author: Andreas Gunnarsson 
@_subject: quantum hype 
[cloning photons]
To get rid of the wavelength change it sounds like you "just" have to
produce a new photon with half the wavelength, clone it and then clone
one of the clones and measure whether it matches the intercepted one. If
it does, forward its clone, otherwise choose another one.
I am a little skeptic though, does this really work? I would expect that
measuring one clone would affect its twin just as if it was measured
   Andreas

@_date: 2014-05-10 11:39:25
@_author: Andreas Gunnarsson 
@_subject: [Cryptography] cryptography Digest, Vol 13, Issue 6 
Shor's factoring algorithm is designed for the circuit model of quantum
computing. The D-Wave machines are based on quantum annealing and can
not directly implement quantum circuits. There are some papers
demonstrating that both models are in principle polynomically
translatable into each other, but as far as I know there is no practical
and efficient way of translating Shor's algorithm into something that
can run on D-Wave's hardware.
Whether or not, and to what degree, D-Wave's hardware exploits quantum
phenomena has also been questioned. Someone posted links to Scott
Aaronson's blog which contains more information.
So RSA is probably safe from quantum computers for now, and symmetric
algorithms will probably never be broken by quantum computers.

@_date: 2014-05-10 11:40:04
@_author: Andreas Gunnarsson 
@_subject: [Cryptography] high-school crypto project 
That depends... I'd say that it should not be much more difficult to
peek into some aspects of it and play around with simulated quantum
circuits without a deep understanding of quantum mechanics than it is to
understand electronics and microprocessors without Maxwell's equations.
Perhaps it could be possible to simulate a quantum key distribution
system with something like LanQ ( ?
Of course, since quantum computing is still only a research field, it
may be difficult to find literature and information that is not highly
technical, but in principle it does not have to be *too* hard.
I believe that "quantum cryptography" is often used to mean quantum key
distribution which you also mentioned. My impression is that it makes
some strange assumptions about the threat model where it guards against
some hypothetical weaknesses in classical cryptography while it ignores
some other threats without justifying why the other threats are not
important. Not to mention that there are engineering problems that could
make the system insecure. But I haven't kept up to date so maybe there
has been some interesting development lately. I don't know whether or
not it would be a suitable high-school project to examine what threats
it counters and what it doesn't.
I agree. A common misconception seems to be that when we have big enough
quantum computers we will be able to crack any current crypto
algorithms. My understanding is that there is no evidence that quantum
computing will help breaking symmetric crypto. In some sense a quantum
computer can "try all keys at the same time", but there is no way to
filter out the answer you are interested in. In some problems it may be
possible to exploit the structure of the problem, and that's how Shor's
algorithm can factor large numbers efficiently (but we don't yet have or
even know if it is possible to build large enough quantum computers).
Yes, there are many inflated claims about how quantum-xyz improves or
breaks cryptography, and they could need some scrutinizing.

@_date: 2015-07-05 23:23:08
@_author: Andreas Gunnarsson 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cuutilaimed generic attack on NP-complete 
Most likely not. Scott Aaronson pointed out the problem with this in his
