
@_date: 2013-10-18 12:28:53
@_author: L Jean Camp 
@_subject: [Cryptography]  funding Tor development 
This sounds like a consortium/membership model. I  would probably do this
by getting one year of funding for a person to do the fund-raising, someone
well known in at least two communities. Then have the person go soft money
by year three. Have memberships of organizations and foundations that
support the goal at a low level, like $5/yr, and individual memberships. Of
course, having someone manage this will mean you are targeted more like 30k
(15k for person) than ten. That is about sixty members, which seems
feasible if you have someone always pushing and managing.  I do not think
such a think will emerge spontaneously.
Message: 1
On Oct 17, 2013, at 9:40 AM, Dave Howe It's also easier to find sources of smaller amounts.
I couldn't come close to funding $10K/month, but might be talked into
                                                        -- Jerry

@_date: 2014-01-24 12:05:32
@_author: L Jean Camp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] FYI; letter against mass surveillance 
A letter in opposition to mass surveillance, please distribute. There is a
wide range of technical expertise on this letter, and we are united by our
rejection of the NSA excuses for mass surveillance.  The broad base of
security expertise was selected so that no one can reject this letter on
the basis of narrow expertise, lack of expertise, or political point of

@_date: 2014-10-06 12:11:27
@_author: L Jean Camp 
@_subject: [Cryptography]  Best internet crypto clock 
Surety tried a hash tree approach whereby periodic results were published
in the NYTimes.
Here is an analysis of that approach:
Prof. L. Jean Camp
Human-Centered Security
Economics of Security
Congressional Fellow

@_date: 2014-10-24 14:51:19
@_author: L Jean Camp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ryptography list: making security usable 
This might interest some of you ...
The Workshop on Usable Security (USEC) will be held in conjunction with
NDSS on February 8, 2015. The deadline for USEC Workshop submissions is
November 24, 2014. - In previous years, USEC has also been collocated with
FC; for example in Okinawa, Bonaire, and Trinidad and Tobago.
Additional information and paper submission instructions:
The Workshop on Usable Security invites submissions on all aspects of human
factors and usability in the context of security and privacy. USEC 2015
aims to bring together researchers already engaged in this
interdisciplinary effort with other computer science researchers in areas
such as visualization, artificial intelligence and theoretical computer
science as well as researchers from other domains such as economics or
psychology. We particularly encourage collaborative research from authors
in multiple fields.
Topics include, but are not limited to:
* Evaluation of usability issues of existing security and privacy models or
* Design and evaluation of new security and privacy models or technology
* Impact of organizational policy or procurement decisions
* Lessons learned from designing, deploying, managing or evaluating
security and privacy technologies
* Foundations of usable security and privacy
* Methodology for usable security and privacy research
* Ethical, psychological, sociological and economic aspects of security and
privacy technologies
USEC solicits short and full research papers.
Program Committee
Jens Grossklags (The Pennsylvania State University) - Chair
Rebecca Balebako (Carnegie Mellon University)
Zinaida Benenson (University of Erlangen-Nuremberg)
Sonia Chiasson (Carleton University)
Emiliano DeCristofaro (University College London)
Tamara Denning (University of Utah)
Alain Forget (Carnegie Mellon University)
Julien Freudiger (PARC)
Vaibhav Garg (VISA)
Cormac Herley (Microsoft Research)
Mike Just (Glasgow Caledonian University)
Bart Knijnenburg (University of California, Irvine)
Janne Lindqvist (Rutgers University)
Heather Lipford (University of North Carolina at Charlotte)
Debin Liu (Paypal)
Xinru Page (University of California, Irvine)
Adrienne Porter Felt (Google)
Franziska Roesner (University of Washington)
Pamela Wisniewski (The Pennsylvania State University)
Kami Vaniea (Indiana University)
Prof. L. Jean Camp
Human-Centered Security
Economics of Security
Congressional Fellow

@_date: 2016-10-15 21:38:30
@_author: L Jean Camp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] changing crypto policy 
I have never and will not again send an email like this. But if you want to
change crypto and surveillance policy, this is your race.
I wanted to point out Deborah Ross, who was a full time staff lawyer for
the ACLU.
Her opponent  Burr is Chair of Senate Intelligence oversight committee. He
mocks privacy concerns. He is a hazard to privacy and security.
Thanks for considering this link:
Seriously, if crypto is your issue, this is your race.
Thanks for your time!
Prof. L. Jean Camp
Human-Centered Security
Make a Difference

@_date: 2017-02-15 12:29:04
@_author: L Jean Camp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] So please tell me. Why is my solution wrong? 
James, I use this every day for gmail and for my IU accounts. Here is proof
of existence.  I will put up our draft tech report of a usability study
later today.
And, fyi, Sec Clinton's server was apparently the only one that was not
hacked. DNC was. State was. NSA/Snowden.
"James A. Donald" True, but neither I, nor secretary of State Hillary Clinton, would have
been happy with those sites and services.
Further, because id dongles are proprietary and costs money, can never
become a universal standard - and we only get real security if secure
stuff becomes a universal standard the way regular email is standard now.
Right now, banks are pushing people to use security devices, and the
device generates a use once password, and they make you type in the use
once password every time you authorize a transaction. It is a pain in
the ass.   Having dongles where you just press a button would be much
better, so don't tell me that they are available right now.   If they
were available right now I would use them, the banks would use them, and
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would have used them.
Prof. L. Jean Camp
Human-Centered Security
Make a Difference
