
@_date: 2017-05-24 22:50:54
@_author: L Jean Camp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Post-quantum RSA" (Julien Bringer) 
It seems the argument is for RSA as opposed to ECC RSA. It does not address
lattice crypto at all.
In terms of recommendations, it seems more like a transition proposal
towards lattice crypto while we know that there are superior factoring
attacks, not a pre/post crypto proposal per se.
In that, it seems like a good transitional technology with all the caveats
applied to transitional solutions.
Message: 1
Le 23 mai 2017 3:05 PM, "Jerry Leichter"  a écrit :
"Abstract: This paper proposes RSA parameters for which (1) key generation,
encryption, decryption, signing, and verification are feasible on today's
computers while (2) all known attacks are infeasible, even assuming highly
scalable quantum computers. As part of the performance analysis, this paper
introduces a new algorithm to generate a batch of primes. As part of the
attack analysis, this paper introduces a new quantum factorization
algorithm that is often much faster than Shor's algorithm and much faster
than pre-quantum factorization algorithms. Initial pqRSA implementation
results are provided."
The proposed parameters lives in a curious area somewhere between theory
and practice.  It isn't "theory" because it can't exclude the possibility
of incrementally faster quantum algorithms for factoring that would destroy
the tradeoffs.  (Then again, the same could be said of traditional
pre-quantum RSA!).  On the other hand, it's not really practical because
the recommended key sizes are around a terabyte - and they estimate an
encryption/decryption time of about 5 days.
Still, an interesting exploration of limits.
Oh - the authors include Daniel Bernstein and Nadia Heninger. :-)
                                                        -- Jerry
Thanks for the pointer. Dan presented an overview at Eurocrypt rump session
earlier this month. I was not sure they will come up with a paper.
I like the message it conveys: do not focus only on using power of quantum
computers for breaking schemes!

@_date: 2018-04-04 12:57:18
@_author: L Jean Camp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Georgia prohibits vulnerability research 
Georgia has written a law, not yet passed, not yet signed by the Governor,
which creates significant liability for computer security researchers.
This is problematic not only for those poor souls who must reside in
Georgia* but it may be problematic for those national organizations who
have a significant presence there.
It is also problematic because GA has one of the least secure voting
systems in the country.
Here is some balanced coverage.
And for those of you reasonably wondering exactly what it is these folks
*think* they are doing, here is an explanation of the goal. It is fairly
clear that the goal and legislation are not well aligned.
The law as proposed:
And I am putting this here as pure snark:
Meanwhile the national CFAA First Amendment case continues.
FYI if you want to get involved the EFF is opposing it. If anyone has model
language from their state, please send it along.
* I am from the south. I can say that.

@_date: 2018-05-03 19:44:16
@_author: L Jean Camp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Georgia prohibits vulnerability research 
We can just agree that indeed people should also study policy and law.

@_date: 2018-05-03 16:36:20
@_author: L Jean Camp 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Georgia prohibits vulnerability research 
Yes, the CFAA has seen quite a a bit of prosecutorial overreach. I am sure
many of us have at least been threatened. The bill as passed but not year
signed into law in GA is worse.
This is closer to the Sklyarov prosecution where he did not use a
vulnerability rather he presented information about it. That case was
prosecuted under DMCA because sharing information about vulnerabilities is
not now and has never been found to be a violation of CFAA. It is the use
of vulnerabilities that concerns the CFAA, the investigation to find
vulnerabilities and discussions of these were under DMCA, and this law in
GA covers disclosure of their existence regardless of legitimacy in
discovery. It is quite problematic.
The DMCA has recently renewed the security research exemption; CFAA does
not have a formal security research exemption.
The DMCA still allows CFAA prosecution if the research includes
unauthorized use. So the DMCA exemption does not remove all CFAA risks, but
seriously mitigates these as well as formally removing prohibitions on
anti-circumvention in good faith security research.
This started as a temporary exemption which was then renewed.
You may find this report a more enjoyable read and it is fairly accurate:
The people who worked to make that DMCA exemption happen include the CDT
and the USACM (the policy arm of the ACM), and to a lessor extent the
IEEE-USA (similarly the volunteer organization of the IEEE). None of us
will be abandoning the fight for better policy in vulnerability disclosure,
crytpo policy, or standards.
Here, for example, is the short form of the USACM letter, there are longer
documents which detail the long slog towards this point:
The GA law goes far beyond the DMCA (except if Elcom had lost) and
certainly far beyond the CFAA which requires actual use of a vulnerability.
In any case, the bill HAS NOT BEEN SIGNED  and here is a very nice article
if you care to oppose it:
 "A ping is a felony" has been used in no case of which I am aware, and may
be rhetorical outreach to match the prosecutorial excesses we have seen
under CFAA. This bill in GA would unlikely to make a ping a felony either.
That is not even on the radar, unless of course it was part of a DoS
leveraging ping, which is another bucket of crabs altogether.
There is fairly good material explaining it further in the links while
Security Week, tripwire, Microsoft, and Google have letters really the
grass roots on the ground is what has delayed this bill being signed.
As for a ping being felony, this is a  fun if sometimes strident read:
You might recall the author from the famous MIT LaMacchia rule case.
