
@_date: 2014-07-04 20:13:39
@_author: L. M. Goodman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin, litecoin, vertcoin, and derivatives 
The frequency of checkpoints matters. It is reasonable to believe that human institutions are appropriate to build a consensus over long periods of time but not over short periods. Bitcoin's checkpoints do taint its status as decentralized, but there is a large difference between agreeing on a 6 month old event over a period of months and agreeing on a checkpoint every hour or so.

@_date: 2014-07-11 06:38:17
@_author: L. M. Goodman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
As I've mentioned before, I think the gap can be bridged by using social networks to form consensus... but it's tricky. I've been playing with some datasets from G+ and Facebook (snap.standford.edu) but they were too incomplete to be useful
I model consensus on a social graph by assuming that everyone starts by picking a value between 0 and 1. In order to reach a consensus, users chain  two types of operation:
 - Diffusion: a node's value changes to the average of its neighbors
 - Non-linear transform: a node's value is replaced with it's image through a sigmoid function, stretching the value towards 0 or 1
For instance, a model could be: do 10 diffusion steps, and then pass through a hard threshold  (fun x -> if x < 0.5 then 0 else 1)
This model is exactly equivalent to this strategy: "set your bit to the bit you'd be most likely to encounter when doing a 10 step random walk in your neighborhood"
Softer sigmoid functions and different schedules can be played with. This has the potential to be resilient to a Sybil attack, because it is difficult for Sybil nodes to attach themselves to the graph. Specifically, the cut set between the Sybil nodes and honest nodes will be small. Thus, a short random walk starting from an honest node is unlikely to be absorbed into a cluster of Sybil nodes.
In the ends, it boils down to the spectrum of the stochastic transition matrix of the social graph (call it G). If the restriction of G to the subspace of honest nodes has small eigenvalues, it means the graph isn't too clustered and exhibits small world effect. Convergence is rapid and it's easy to limit the influence of Sybil nodes. If the eigenvalues are high however (the graph has large clusters), then you need to be far less aggressive in the schedule to ensure convergence, but that also increases the influence of Sybil nodes.

@_date: 2014-07-15 01:17:57
@_author: L. M. Goodman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
Until big, large scale, vertically integrated mining companies pay you to run their mining software on your computer. Or until anyone willing to buy CPU power buys it from the pool of idle CPUs really. The current situation is an anomaly.
Also note that no matter who does the mining, the content of the blocks is for sale and the marginal price is 0.
Fancy proof-of-work functions are a band-aid for a broken leg.

@_date: 2014-06-14 22:26:53
@_author: lmgoodman@hushmail.com 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dispelling some myths about Bitcoin, 
~ Dispelling some myths about Bitcoin, from a Bitcoin fan ~
Many people who don't know much about Bitcoin, or who have a poor
grasp on economics, have severe misconceptions about Bitcoin. I do not
attempt to dispel those myths here because many others have already
done so. Rather, I'd like to dispel a few myths that are pervasive in
many people who are generally knowledgeable about Bitcoin.
While some of you may find that more than a few of these myths are
"obvious", they have all been included because I've encountered
several otherwise intelligent people who believed them. If they do not
enlighten you, at least let them be a reminder to dispel those
misconceptions when you encounter them around you.
Myth  Satoshi solved the Byzantine Generals problem which was
thought impossible to solve!
Fact: The consensus problem isn't that difficult, it's about who's
allowed to take part in it.
There is a wealth of literature on the Byzantine Generals problem, and
many solutions have been proposed. The solutions to this problem are
indeed often quite complex - unless they are synchronous and use
public key cryptography. With the use of public key cryptography (such
as the elliptic curve signatures used in Bitcoin but also SSL and
countless applications) and synchronicity the problem is considered
trivial: it boils down to a majority vote[1]. As Ben Laurie points
out[2], the problem that the block chain attempts to solve isn't *how*
a consensus should obtained but *who* should be a part of that
consensus. If, say, IP addresses, were used as the consensus group, an
attacker could control the chain by controlling a large swath of IP
addresses, an attack known as the Sybil attack. The consensus group
for Bitcoin is hashing power, a scarce resource. Myth  The proof-of-work system is great because it incentivizes
miners to upgrade their equipment, thus a lot of computing power is
powering Bitcoin.
Fact: These upgrades do nothing to increase the transaction processing
capacity of the Bitcoin network.
Let's start with what upgrades do accomplish. The race to build more
hashing power (by developing ASICs for instance) means that the cost
to pull off a 51% attack on the network increases. In this respect,
the network is more secure. Note however that the amount of money
spent on mining and mining equipment must be approximately equal, in
the long run, to the amount of bitcoin paid in transaction fees or
created through mining. Given off chain transactions, this could
dwindle to very low levels in the future. However, the processing
power itself doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is that
something expensive is being irreversibly spent, to make it hard to
attack the network. Spending money on computing power has the nice
property that you can easily prove it online, but the computations
themselves are deliberately done on worthless problems. Emphatically,
this computational power is *not* used to validate transactions, an
operation which only takes a modest amount of computing power. More
hashing power does not mean that the Bitcoin network can process more
transactions per second or process them faster.
Myth  Bitcoin is a math-based currency / is backed by math.
Fact: Bitcoin is based on a clever set of incentives.
Part of Bitcoin is indeed math based: its cryptography. Cryptography
makes computational guarantees based on widely believed (but not yet
proven) mathematical conjectures. For instance, Bitcoin payments rely
on signatures which are computed using exponentiation (or
multiplication, depending on how you think about it) in an abelian
group. Faking those signatures would require solving the discrete
logarithm problem in elliptic curve groups, a problem that the
mathematical, computer science and cryptographic community considers
very unlikely to be solvable efficiently on a classical (non quantum)
computer. In this context, "not efficient" does not mean "too costly"
or "impractical", it means that the amount of computing power needed
to solve those problems reaches literally astronomical proportions.
However, the cryptography in Bitcoin is the easy part. The safety of
the Bitcoin protocol strongly relies on the impracticality of forking
the block chain. The assumption made is that miners are incentivized
to behave honestly with pecuniary rewards. This makes it costly to
attack the system, and even gives a would be attacker an incentive to
still behave honestly. This set of incentives is carefully balanced to
maintain honesty in the system and avoid conflicts of interests. This
really is the heart of the block chain, and it relies on *game-theory*
not mathematics. Yes, game theory is a branch of mathematics, but to
call Bitcoin a "math-based currency" because of its reliance on game
theory would be like calling plumbing "biology based" since plumbers
happen to be biological organisms. There are no mathematical or even
computational guarantees, only a set of incentives. This isn't to say
that the design of incentives in Bitcoin isn't clever or even artful,
but to call the currency math-based, or worse math-backed, is either
dishonest or ignorant.
Myth  The proof-of-work system is completely decentralized
Fact: Trust is still involved in the system
One idea behind the block chain is that anyone downloading Bitcoin for
the first time can identify the real block chain from its forks by
simply looking at the chain starting from the genesis hash and
totaling the most hashing power. This means you do not need to extend
trust to anyone... once you have downloaded the Bitcoin client. But
where should you download the Bitcoin client? How do you know
bitcoin.org isn't controlled by malicious attackers? Well perhaps you
could look at the developer's signature of the binary or at the source
code. But how do you know who the official developers even are? You
could Google that information and find that many reputable news
organization all seem to agree that a certain "Gavin Andresen" is one
such developer. But then again, perhaps the Wall Street Journal, the
New York Times, Bloomberg, the Financial Times, Al Jazeera, Xinhua,
the Guardian, Pravda, Google, Yahoo, Bing, Duckduckgo, etc are *all*
conspiring to trick people into downloading a version of the Bitcoin
software with the wrong genesis hash and perhaps a different proof of
work function. They could succeed provided that you don't notice that
this network has no Bitpay, no Coinbase, no Bitstamp, etc.
Obviously, I am not trying to argue that you cannot reliably download
the "real" Bitcoin client, such a conspiracy is ridiculously unlikely.
But this operation isn't decentralized, it relies on a distributed
consensus among reputable peers - something that seems anathema to the
ethos of Bitcoin. One could argue that Bitcoin minimizes the reliance
on this consensus, by making it a one time thing... but this consensus
is required every single time a new client joins the network.
Perhaps the right answer is that the reputation based, distributed
trust mechanism works reliably at low frequencies (on the scale of
months to years) while the proof-of-work mechanism works best at high
frequency (10 minutes for Bitcoin). While I have a lot of sympathy for
Ripple's distributed ledger (which is similar to the mintlets
described by Ben Laurie [3]. No, I'm not referring to the network of
credit line that ripple maintains, but to the consensus system, which
is totally orthogonal to it), I think the right answer is probably a
mix of technologies. Bitcoin's checkpoints for instance, while
inelegant, make use of the low frequency trust mechanism to complement
the safety of the proof of work system. But this also means that much
of the first-principle type of objections to proof-of-stake
mechanisms, are too theoretical.
Myth  A decentralized system is safe
Fact: not necessarily Decentralization implies that you do not need to trust anyone *a
priori*, but you may have to trust someone *a posteriori*. Indeed, the
bitcoin ecosystem has degenerated into a distribution of hashing power
where ghash.io holds nearly 50% (and recently as much as 51%) of the
hashing power. They could collude with any another pool manager (or be
forced to collude by an attacker, such as a government) to obtain a
majority of the hashing power and launch a 51% attack on the chain.
This does not seem particularly safer than explicitly choosing a set
of reputable organizations. Is a group such as the Wikimedia
foundation, the Swedish Pirate party, Wikileaks, and, say, the
University of Hong-Kong more or less likely to collude than the
current pool operators? If we are to believe developper Gavin
Andresen, this is not such a big deal because ghash's incentives are
to behave honestly. In this case, why bother at all with a cumbersome
proof of work system? Let us have ghash sign every block and be done
with it; the system would be far more efficient, much cheaper and just
as safe. Myth  Decentralized crypto-ledgers are just a technology and have
nothing to do with politics. Fact: Crypto-ledgers are primarily designed to withstand attacks by
governments, that is their *only* advantage of a decentralized
crypto-ledger over a centralized or polycentric one. If you think government is a fundamentally nefarious institution and
that decentralized crypto-ledgers could be a powerful tool in
liberating the economy from their grip, then welcome to the club. But
if you think (as a famous VC does - or at least claims to) that they
are a fantastic invention that is much bigger than envisioned by their
cooky, fringe, libertarian makers, then... Actually I don't even want
to convince you otherwise, yay distributed crypto-ledgers!  [2]

@_date: 2014-06-15 11:40:59
@_author: lmgoodman@hushmail.com 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dispelling some myths about Bitcoin, 
Apologies, the the webmail butchered the text formatting, here's a hopefully properly formatted version
~ Dispelling some myths about Bitcoin, from a Bitcoin fan ~
Many people who don't know much about Bitcoin, or who have a poor grasp on economics, have severe misconceptions about Bitcoin. I do not attempt to dispel those myths here because many others have already done so. Rather, I'd like to dispel a few myths that are pervasive in many people who are generally knowledgeable about Bitcoin.
While some of you may find that more than a few of these myths are "obvious", they have all been included because I've encountered several otherwise intelligent people who believed them. If they do not enlighten you, at least let them be a reminder to dispel those misconceptions when you encounter them around you.
Myth  Satoshi solved the Byzantine Generals problem which was thought impossible to solve!
Fact: The consensus problem isn't that difficult, it's about who's allowed to take part in it.
There is a wealth of literature on the Byzantine Generals problem, and many solutions have been proposed. The solutions to this problem are indeed often quite complex - unless they are synchronous and use public key cryptography. With the use of public key cryptography (such as the elliptic curve signatures used in Bitcoin but also SSL and countless applications) and synchronicity the problem is considered trivial: it boils down to a majority vote[1]. As Ben Laurie points out[2], the problem that the block chain attempts to solve isn't *how* a consensus should obtained but *who* should be a part of that consensus. If, say, IP addresses, were used as the consensus group, an attacker could control the chain by controlling a large swath of IP addresses, an attack known as the Sybil attack. The consensus group for Bitcoin is hashing power, a scarce resource.
Myth  The proof-of-work system is great because it incentivizes miners to upgrade their equipment, thus a lot of computing power is powering Bitcoin.
Fact: These upgrades do nothing to increase the transaction processing capacity of the Bitcoin network.
Let's start with what upgrades do accomplish. The race to build more hashing power (by developing ASICs for instance) means that the cost to pull off a 51% attack on the network increases. In this respect, the network is more secure. Note however that the amount of money spent on mining and mining equipment must be approximately equal, in the long run, to the amount of bitcoin paid in transaction fees or created through mining. Given off chain transactions, this could dwindle to very low levels in the future. However, the processing power itself doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is that something expensive is being irreversibly spent, to make it hard to attack the network. Spending money on computing power has the nice property that you can easily prove it online, but the computations themselves are deliberately done on worthless problems. Emphatically, this computational power is *not* used to validate transactions, an operation which only takes a modest amount of  computing power. More hashing power does not mean that the Bitcoin network can process more transactions per second or process them faster.
Myth  Bitcoin is a math-based currency / is backed by math.
Fact: Bitcoin is based on a clever set of incentives.
Part of Bitcoin is indeed math based: its cryptography. Cryptography makes computational guarantees based on widely believed (but not yet proven) mathematical conjectures. For instance, Bitcoin payments rely on signatures which are computed using exponentiation (or multiplication, depending on how you think about it) in an abelian group. Faking those signatures would require solving the discrete logarithm problem in elliptic curve groups, a problem that the mathematical, computer science and cryptographic community considers very unlikely to be solvable efficiently on a classical (non quantum) computer. In this context, "not efficient" does not mean "too costly" or "impractical", it means that the amount of computing power needed to solve those problems reaches literally astronomical proportions.
However, the cryptography in Bitcoin is the easy part. The safety of the Bitcoin protocol strongly relies on the impracticality of forking the block chain. The assumption made is that miners are incentivized to behave honestly with pecuniary rewards. This makes it costly to attack the system, and even gives a would be attacker an incentive to still behave honestly. This set of incentives is carefully balanced to maintain honesty in the system and avoid conflicts of interests. This really is the heart of the block chain, and it relies on *game-theory* not mathematics. Yes, game theory is a branch of mathematics, but to call Bitcoin a "math-based currency" because of its reliance on game theory would be like calling plumbing "biology based" since plumbers happen to be biological organisms. There are no mathematical or even computational guarantees, only a set of incentives. This isn't to say that the design of incentives in Bitcoin isn't clever or even artful, but to call the c
 urrency math-based, or worse math-backed, is either dishonest or ignorant.
Myth  The proof-of-work system is completely decentralized
Fact: Trust is still involved in the system
One idea behind the block chain is that anyone downloading Bitcoin for the first time can identify the real block chain from its forks by simply looking at the chain starting from the genesis hash and totaling the most hashing power. This means you do not need to extend trust to anyone... once you have downloaded the Bitcoin client. But where should you download the Bitcoin client? How do you know bitcoin.org isn't controlled by malicious attackers? Well perhaps you could look at the developer's signature of the binary or at the source code. But how do you know who the official developers even are? You could Google that information and find that many reputable news organization all seem to agree that a certain "Gavin Andresen" is one such developer. But then again, perhaps the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, Bloomberg, the Financial Times, Al Jazeera, Xinhua, the Guardian, Pravda, Google, Yahoo, Bing, Duckduckgo, etc are *all* conspiring to trick people into download
 ing a version of the Bitcoin software with the wrong genesis hash and perhaps a different proof of work function. They could succeed provided that you don't notice that this network has no Bitpay, no Coinbase, no Bitstamp, etc.
Obviously, I am not trying to argue that you cannot reliably download the "real" Bitcoin client, such a conspiracy is ridiculously unlikely. But this operation isn't decentralized, it relies on a distributed consensus among reputable peers - something that seems anathema to the ethos of Bitcoin. One could argue that Bitcoin minimizes the reliance on this consensus, by making it a one time thing... but this consensus is required every single time a new client joins the network.
Perhaps the right answer is that the reputation based, distributed trust mechanism works reliably at low frequencies (on the scale of months to years) while the proof-of-work mechanism works best at high frequency (10 minutes for Bitcoin). While I have a lot of sympathy for Ripple's distributed ledger (which is similar to the mintlets described by Ben Laurie [3]. No, I'm not referring to the network of credit line that ripple maintains, but to the consensus system, which is totally orthogonal to it), I think the right answer is probably a mix of technologies. Bitcoin's checkpoints for instance, while inelegant, make use of the low frequency trust mechanism to complement the safety of the proof of work system. But this also means that much of the first-principle type of objections to proof-of-stake mechanisms, are too theoretical.
Myth  A decentralized system is safe
Fact: not necessarily
Decentralization implies that you do not need to trust anyone *a priori*, but you may have to trust someone *a posteriori*. Indeed, the bitcoin ecosystem has degenerated into a distribution of hashing power where ghash.io holds nearly 50% (and recently as much as 51%) of the hashing power. They could collude with any another pool manager (or be forced to collude by an attacker, such as a government) to obtain a majority of the hashing power and launch a 51% attack on the chain. This does not seem particularly safer than explicitly choosing a set of reputable organizations. Is a group such as the Wikimedia foundation, the Swedish Pirate party, Wikileaks, and, say, the University of Hong-Kong more or less likely to collude than the current pool operators? If we are to believe developper Gavin Andresen, this is not such a big deal because ghash's incentives are to behave honestly. In this case, why bother at all with a cumbersome proof of work system? Let us have ghash sign ever
 y block and be done with it; the system would be far more efficient, much cheaper and just as safe.
Myth  Decentralized crypto-ledgers are just a technology and have nothing to do with politics.
Fact: Crypto-ledgers are primarily designed to withstand attacks by governments, that is their *only* advantage of a decentralized crypto-ledger over a centralized or polycentric one.
If you think government is a fundamentally nefarious institution and that decentralized crypto-ledgers could be a powerful tool in liberating the economy from their grip, then welcome to the club. But if you think (as a famous VC does - or at least claims to) that they are a fantastic invention that is much bigger than envisioned by their cooky, fringe, libertarian makers, then... Actually I don't even want to convince you otherwise, yay distributed crypto-ledgers!
[1] [2]  ;
[3]

@_date: 2014-06-16 06:47:34
@_author: L. M. Goodman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Dispelling some myths about Bitcoin, 
That's a fair point. It can be valuable for a government who wants to pre-commit to honesty. That said, I still believe resistance to censorship is one of the only advantages.
The point you make underscores the value of a block-chain, but not necessarily of a *decentralized* block chain. If the US government ran a block chain (say by signing a block every minute), then they wouldn't be able to pull the shenanigans you describe without being obviously detected. Take a few governments signing it and you have something pretty robust. I don't think this is going to happen, I'm just pointing out that there is an incompatibility between thinking decentralized proof of work systems are useful and thinking that governments can be benevolent actors.

@_date: 2014-06-18 20:58:53
@_author: L. M. Goodman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Preventing proof-of-work outsourcing in bitcoin with 
It occurs to me that there is a simple hack which could prevent the concentration of bitcoin mining pools. It only requires a minimal change to the bitcoin protocol and, quite importantly, it does not penalize the existing investments in ASICs.
I'm not 100% sure it is correct. I may have missed a gaping flaw, if so please point it out!
Instead of having the miner attempt to produce a block hash matching the target difficulty, we have the miner generate Lamport signatures.
First, the miner forms two pairs of public/private Lamport keys. The miner then hashes the block header along with both signatures, signs this hash with the first signature, combines the result with a transaction to the coinbase, and then signs with the second Lamport private key. The overall hash must then meet the difficulty target.
- Lamport keys are (S1,P1) and (S2,P2) - B is the usual bitcoin block header (timestamp, merkle hash of transactions, etc) is B
- Sha is the SHA-256 hashing function
- Sign(S,Sha(M)) the Lamport signature of the digest of message M using secret key S
- + the xor function
- ct the coinbase transaction
We are computing
x = Sha(Sign(S2, Sha(ct+Sha(Sign(S1, Sha(B+P1+P2))))))
x is the the block hash and is the number that must meet the difficulty target.
Some key properties
1. The miner cannot change the content of the block after he?s found a solution???this, of course, is essential.
2. The miner cannot safely outsource the computation to a pool he does not control, not even the cloud: finding a solution involves knowledge of the private key.
3. All the work consists in repeated applications of the SHA-256 function. Thus, this can be perfomed entirely using the existing ASICs (perhaps with very minor tweaks) and thus respects the value of the existing mining investment.
4. No fancy mathematics (SNARKs, etc)
5. The chain difficulty is still readable from the headers by a SVC
6. The main downside is the size of the Lamport signatures, adding 48kb to each block (which is still less than 5% of the maximum block size)

@_date: 2014-06-23 20:33:55
@_author: L. M. Goodman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Almost decentralized currency 
The premise behind Bitcoin is that once a user discovers the genesis hash (or the last checkpoint) of the blockchain, he can reconstitute the canonical blockchain by picking the chain where the most hashing power has been used. The difficulty required to build blocks is adjusted depending on the amount of mining happening. This is an attempt to entangle the chain with time. However, this only works if more than half of the computing power is constantly mining on the main branch. As Ben Laurie points out, convergence is only guaranteed when half the computing power in the universe is dedicated to mining Bitcoin.
As an alternative, he suggests a network of mintlets using an asynchronous Byzantine agreement protocol to maintain the current state of the currency. Bitcoin's proof of work system implies that participants need to trust no one, a priori. Yet, a posteriori, they end up placing their trust in very few mining operators. In which world are Ghash.io and Eligius less likely to collude or be compromised than a set of trusted signers such as the EFF, the FSF, Google, Goldman Sachs, Al Jazeera, the University of Hong-Kong, etc?
In fact, the mintlet proposal can be hardened by specifying that the mintlets maintain a pointer to the head of a blockchain instead of a mere state. If transactions within the blockchain include references to previous blocks, any shenanigans from the mints will be glaringly obvious to the world. Should the mints try to undo a transaction, they would need to invalidate many blocks infuriating a lot of people. The blockchain would be restored from a backup and more trustworthy mints chosen.
However, such proposals are likely to face opposition from the adopters of cryptocurrencies. Right or wrong, they strongly value the fact that no one holds a privileged position in Bitcoin. A system of trusted mintlets, though it could be far more efficient and far more secure looks too hierarchical to them. The "burn the banks" crowd would claim that such a currency is owned by the mints and reject it.
Can we still have an efficient cryptocurrency that does not rely on a proof-of-work system or on trusted mintlets? I believe so.
Social networks provide a peer to peer fabric of trust that can be leveraged for a cryptocurrency. Imagine a peer to peer network of pseudonymous peers establishing trust links between one another. If such a network could reach a consensus without allowing malicious nodes to take control of the consensus, then it could maintain a pointer to the head of a blockchain, and serve as a ground truth to determine the state of a ledger.
Unfortunately, Byzantine agreement protocols would not be sufficient here. A Sybil attack is trivial, and a very large number of fake participants could be generated. However, it is difficult for a malicious attacker to create links between his sock puppets and honest nodes. Indeed, if honest nodes overwhelmingly peers with nodes they trust, the cut set between the honest nodes and the malicious nodes will be small.
As it turns out, there are many papers offering scheme for Sybil defense in social networks. They rely on the fact that real social networks are fast mixing. This typically means that after O(log n) random steps from an honest node, the probability distribution of the landing node is very close to the limiting probability distribution. An honest node is much more likely to reach another honest node in O(log n) hops than to reach a Sybil node.
One such algorithm is SybilLimit As long as the number of edges between honest nodes and malicious node is o(n/log n) (where n is the number of honest node), it only accepts  O(log n) Sybil nodes (per malicious connection) as honest. Furthermore, this algorithm can be run in a completely local manner, between the trusted peers. The impact malicious nodes can have on the consensus only depends on the attacker's ability to receive trust from honest nodes, which is hard to obtain.
Such a network could let honest node maintain a consensus over the current head of a blockchain and offer a robust cryptocurrency that is far safer and more efficient than proof-of-work, while appealing to people looking for a non hierarchical protocol.

@_date: 2014-06-24 07:09:54
@_author: L. M. Goodman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Almost decentralized currency 
You're looking for ZeroReserve, which I keep mentioning! Maybe you read something (from me?) about it? But you are a bit blockchain obsessed, why do you need it once you have some trustable entities?
I've looked at ZeroReserve. It seems to be using a social fork to build a graph of credit line (similar to what Ripple does). This seems quite different from what I'm suggesting, which is to use a social network as a way to build a consensus resilient to Sybil attacks.
The reason I'm suggesting the use of a blockchain is that if somehow a malicious attacker takes control of the network, he cannot pull shenanigans without being detected.
It's a technology upon which you can based digital assets (such as a currency, domain names, etc) not just liabilities.

@_date: 2014-06-24 07:25:17
@_author: L. M. Goodman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Almost decentralized currency 
This is not really what I'm describing. There is no network of smaller internally trusted groups. The paper I'm linking to detects Sybil node among a single, global network. Instead of expanding hashing power to be part of the consensus group, nodes need to establish trusted peering relationships with honest nodes in the network. If most people aren't colluding to destroy the network, you can maintain a singleton.
You do need a blockchain, for the same reason that a business needs double entry accounting. It's an added security that makes cheating much easier to detect.
To be clear, I'm not describing small networks of people who strongly trust each other. The trust relationships established are very weak. The meaning of a link is really "yeah, I don't think you're a Sybil node", not "here are the keys to my house".
The paper was tested empirically on real world datasets. The fast-mixing assumption seems to hold, even among networks presenting internal clusters.
But yes, any such system does not depend on crypto but on human assumptions. The assumption that a real world social network is fast-mixing seems more realistic to me than the assumption that bitcoin miners will not collude.

@_date: 2014-06-24 16:40:19
@_author: L. M. Goodman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
Another flaw in TAPOS is that the weight given by a transaction to the chain can be extremely high. Thus, an attacker can force a reorganization and successfully double spend merely by keeping a large txout handy, ready to be spent on the fork.
In general, unless the weight of each block is bounded and the average block has a weight close to that bound, you're subject to this type of attacks.

@_date: 2014-06-24 20:04:29
@_author: L. M. Goodman 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What has Bitcoin achieved? 
The white paper for TAPOS is from 11/28/2013 for what it's worth
The proposal in the white paper is to have "guardians" of the chain who hold large stakes (in coin-age terms) and are ready to spend it on the original chain should they detect a double spending attack. This could be automated in the clients... if you see a reorg happening, automatically start making transactions on the real branch.
I'm not suggesting it as a fix to TAPOS, it's just a property you need to avoid this type of attack. It's a property that Bitcoin verifies for instance.
