
@_date: 2002-01-22 09:16:15
@_author: (Mr Lyn R. Kennedy 
@_subject: password-cracking by journalists... 
The "effectively" is used to make the law "effectively" vague and confusing
like the ECPA. This means the prosecutor can convict you of anything.
A guy in Tulsa was tried and convicted in federal court on 27 counts under the ECPA. The judge studied the law for months before sentencing and
finally overturned all counts on the grounds the defendant had not violated
the law. If judges have difficulty understanding laws, we have no chance.
BTW, IANAL and this is from news reports, I haven't found the actual ruling.

@_date: 2003-01-26 19:15:01
@_author: (Mr Lyn R. Kennedy 
@_subject: Shamir factoring machine uninteresting? 
It's easier to consider it unimportant than calculate how important it
might be. My questions here trying to understand how significant some
other weaknesses might be make me think most readers are afraid to admit
they don't understand some things.
Is this a mathematician vs engineer problem? (I'm neither, I'm an inventor).

@_date: 2003-03-07 00:50:44
@_author: (Mr Lyn R. Kennedy 
@_subject: Scientists question electronic voting 
Paper ballots, folded, and dropped into a large transparent box, is not a
broken system. It's voting machines, punch cards, etc that are broken.
I don't recall seeing news pictures of an election in any other western
democracy where they used machines.
And the Florida election was apparently affected more by eligible voters
turned away from the polls than by votes sold. Maybe crypto, smart-cards,
biometrics, etc would help authenticate voter eligibility and enforce one
vote per live voter (zero per dead voter).

@_date: 2003-03-07 12:45:41
@_author: (Mr Lyn R. Kennedy 
@_subject: Scientists question electronic voting 
Perhaps you can elaborate on how ballot-stuffing is done without the
co-operation of most of the people overseeing a polling place.
What is to prevent the people overseeing a polling place from casting the
votes for the dead? They would be recorded properly both ways.
Or they could void and re-vote for ordinary voters.
Seems there is still a problem unless each eligible voter brings a smart-
card, warm finger, eyeball, etc.

@_date: 2003-03-08 10:35:46
@_author: (Mr Lyn R. Kennedy 
@_subject: Scientists question electronic voting 
If it's not a higher standard then it violates the "If it aint broke, don't
fixit" rule. But I'm concerned about "KISS" and "the right tool for the
job" more than anything.
Unfortunately, there is a trend toward more complex systems as a solution
to everything. Families of firefighters who died in the WTC collapse would
probably have been happier if they had the old low-tech radios from 20
years ago rather than whiz-bang gadgetry that failed. There was no plan
to fall back on since politicians believed the salesman who told them it
wouldn't fail. And the proposed fix is more complexity rather than the
right tools for the job.
This is what happened in the Florida elections as well. "Upgrading" the
voting systems was the problem, not the solution. More complex machines
add to the number of failure modes. I'm in favor of using modern
technology. But I don't want to move to electronic systems just to make
some salesman happy.
Modern technology and public-key cryptography seems to offer some real
advantages to verifying eligibility, one-person-one-vote, and vote-
whever-you-are but many such issues are not even addressed. Passed over
in favor of making money for voting machine companies.

@_date: 2003-03-31 12:20:22
@_author: (Mr Lyn R. Kennedy 
@_subject: Russia Intercepts US Military Communications? 
It's not the case. I routinely listen in on communications. Most of
the planes have either KY-57 or Have Quick. The KY is digital and
probably better than DES encryption. Adequate except for stupidly
using AM (Amplidude Modulation, aka ancient modulation) which along
with poor maintenance makes it often unusable.
Have Quick is actually anti-jam and often mistaken for encryption.
Likely the Russians can read it.
The real problem is that flaky encrypted comms are a tactical problem
so it is often better to use clear comms when time is the issue. Not
too helpful to know what's about to happen if you can't do anything
about it anyway.
It's amazing to me to listen to engineers try a test 15 times and then
when it finally works, declare victory and go on to the next one. The
military industrial complex is about money, not reliable high-tech systems.
I was more impressed with American expertise 40 years ago than I am now.

@_date: 2003-03-31 16:21:37
@_author: (Mr Lyn R. Kennedy 
@_subject: Russia Intercepts US Military Communications? 
IFF is no longer limited to 6x8-foot Union Jacks flown by British vehicles
but it's obvious there are still problems. Considering how much effort I
know about in the last ten years, one would think they have every plane,
vehicle, and ship tagged with something.
My father fought WWII in Dallas, installing IFF in airplanes. Plenty of
time to perfect these concepts.
One needs to keep in mind that the problem is often simple failure to
communicate. The Combat Air Patrols over the US in the last year give
some insight: Fighters in Texas taking direction from Florida rather
than talking to the Air Traffic Controllers below. I listen to private
pilots near Dubya's ranch complaining about being "attacked" by F-16s
while following directions from ATC. The F-16s chase scheduled airliners
into Waco. Perhaps they don't have weapons and that is all that has saved planes from being shot down in Texas.
