
@_date: 2001-08-16 14:11:05
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: My declaration in Felten et al vs. RIAA et al 
My declaration in the Felten case can be found (in plain ASCII) at
Note that the declaration purporting to be mine on the EFF's web site was
*not* the one filed; it is an early draft, not the final version.

@_date: 2001-08-21 16:13:13
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: CFP: Financial Cryptography '02 
Call for Papers
                         Financial Cryptography '02
                              March 11-14, 2002
                            Sonesta Beach Resort
                            Southhampton, Bermuda
      Sponsored by the International Financial Cryptography Association
Original papers are solicited on all aspects of financial data security and
digital commerce for submission to the Sixth Annual Conference on Financial
Cryptography (FC '02). FC '02 brings together researchers in the financial,
legal, cryptologic, and data security fields to foster cooperation and
exchange of ideas. Relevant topics include:
             Anonymity                Infrastructure Design
             Audit                    Legal and Regulatory
             Authentication and       Issues
             Identification           Loyalty Mechanisms
             Certification and        Peer-to-Peer Systems
             Authorization            Payments and
             Commercial Transactions  Micropayments
             and Contracts            Privacy
             Digital Cash             Risks Management
             Digital Rights           Secure Banking
             Management               Smart Cards
             Electronic Purses        Trust Management
             Implementation Issues    Watermarking
             Information Economics
Instructions for Authors: Complete papers (or complete extended abstracts)
must be at most fifteen (15) single-spaced standard pages in length and must
be received before 23h59 UTC on November 4, 2001. All papers must be
submitted electronically. (In exceptional circumstances, paper submissions
can be accepted, but special arrangements must be made with the program
chair prior to October 31, 2001.) Papers must be in either standard
PostScript or PDF format, and should be submitted via electronic mail to
fc02submit at crypto.com prior to the deadline. Note that submissions in
formats other than PostScript or PDF, including word processor source
formats such as MS Word or LaTeX, will be rejected.
Submitted papers should include on the first page the title, all authors and
their affiliations, a brief abstract, and a list of topical keywords. Papers
must be original; submission of previously published material or papers
under consideration in other conferences or journals is not permitted.
Proposals for panels are also solicited, and should include a brief
description of the panel as well as prospective participants. Panel
proposals should be submitted by electronic mail to the same address, in
plain ASCII format.
Important Dates:
Submissions due: November 4, 2001
Notifications to authors: December 23, 2001
Camera-ready papers due: February 4, 2002
General Chair:
Nicko van Someren (nCipher)
Program Committee:
Matt Blaze, Program Chair (AT&T Labs)
Dan Boneh (Stanford University)
Stefan Brands (Zero Knowledge)
Dan Geer (
Ian Goldberg (Zero Knowledge)
Angelos Keromytis (Columbia University)
Paul Kocher (Cryptography Research)
Ron Rivest (MIT)
Tomas Sander (Intertrust)
Rebecca Wright (AT&T Labs)

@_date: 2001-12-26 22:04:45
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: FC'02 accepted papers 
The following is the preliminary list of accepted papers for
Financial Cryptography 2002.  For information on the conference,
including registration, see
Paper:   017
Authors: Markus Jakobsson
Title:   Low-Cost Hash Sequence Traversal
Paper:   020
Authors: Markus Jakobsson
Title:   Financial Instruments in Recommendation Mechanisms
Paper:   021
Authors: Dennis Kugler, Holger Vogt
Title:   Off-line Payments with Auditable Tracing
Paper:   027
Authors: Roger Dingledine, Paul Syverson
Title:   Reliable MIX Cascade Networks through Reputation
Paper:   031
Authors: Fouque, Stern, Wackers
Title:   CryptoComputing with rationals
Paper:   053
Authors: Helger Lipmaa, N. Asokan, Valtteri Niemi
Title:   Secure Vickrey Auctions without Threshold Trust
Paper:   058
Authors: Yvo Desmedt, Rei Safavi-Naini, Huaxiong Wang
Title:   Redistribution of a mechanical secret's shares
Paper:   059
Authors: Koutarou Suzuki, Makoto Yokoo
Title:   Secure Combinatorial Auctions by Dynamic Programming with Polynomial Secret Sharing
Paper:   061
Authors: Ofer Margoniski, Dahlia Malkhi, Elan Pavlov
Title:   E-Voting Without Cryptography
Paper:   063
Authors: Jun Furukawa, Hiroshi Miyauchi, Kengo Mori, Satoshi Obana, Kazue Sako
Title:   An Implementation of a Universally Verifiable Electronic Voting Scheme based on Shuffling
Paper:   066
Authors: Giuseppe Ateniese, Gene Tsudik
Title:   Quasi-Efficient Revocation in Group Signatures
Paper:   067
Authors: Kazumasa Omote, Atsuko Miyaji
Title:   A Second-price Sealed-bid Auction with the Discriminant of the p-th Root
Paper:   074
Authors: Dan E. Geer, Moti Yung
Title:   Split-and-Delegate: Threshold Cryptography for the Masses
Paper:   076
Authors: Shouhuai Xu, Moti Yung
Title:   The Dark Side of Threshold Cryptography
Paper:   077
Authors: John Ioannidis, Sotris Ioannidis, Angelos Keromytis, Vassilis Prevelakis
Title:   Fileteller: Paying and Getting Paid for File Storage
Paper:   083
Authors: Philippe Golle, Stanislaw Jareki, Ilya Minonov
Title:   Message-Aware Cryptographic Primitives
Paper:   086
Authors: Ari Juels, Michael Szydlo
Title:   A Two-Server, Sealed-Bid Auction Protocol
Paper:   087
Authors: Takeshi Okamoto, Mitsuru Tada, Atsuko Miyaji
Title:   A Fast Signature Scheme without on-line Multiplication
Paper:   088
Authors: Markus Jakobsson, Juan A. Garay
Title:   Timed Release of Standard Digital Signatures

@_date: 2001-07-25 19:13:29
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: New results on WEP (fwd) 
Adi Shamir and his colleagues have some interesting
new results on RC4 with a practical attack against WEP.
With Adi's permission, I've made available a (PostScript)
copy of a draft of his paper at:
  (Fortunately, as far as I know WEP isn't used for copy protection,
so it's still legal to disseminate and traffic in this kind
of information...)
------ Forwarded Message
Organization: Weizmann Institute of Sciense, Faculty of Mathematics
Dear Matt,
WEP is the security protocol used in the widely deployed IEEE 802.11 wireless LAN's. This protocol received a lot of attention this year, and several groups of researchers have described a number of ways to bypass its security. Attached you will find a new paper which describes a truly practical direct attack on WEP's cryptography. It is an extremely powerful attack which can be applied even when WEP's RC4 stream cipher uses a 2048 bit secret key (its maximal size) and 128 bit IV modifiers (as proposed in WEP2). The attacker can be a completely passive eavesdropper (i.e., he does not have to inject packets, monitor responses, or use accomplices) and thus his existence is essentially undetectable. It is a pure known-ciphertext attack (i.e., the attacker need not know or choose their corresponding plaintexts). After scanning several hundred thousand packets, the attacker can completely recover the secret key and thus decrypt all the ciphertexts. The running time of the attack grows linearly instead of exponentially with the key size, and thus it is negligible even for 2048 bit keys.
I'll appreciate your comments and suggestions. Please feel free to forward this email to your colleagues.
Sincerely yours,
Adi Shamir
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 2001-05-25 09:50:36
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: Tamperproof devices and backdoors  
That's it.  I vaguely recall paper about a year or two ago by, I think,
Bart Preenel, that expanded on a similar idea.  I don't think it cited
our MKCS tech report, so I presume he wasn't aware of it and took a slightly
different direction.
Anyway, the MKCS work refers to backdoors in algorithms, which isn't at all
the same as the problem of inserting or discovering backdoors in hardware
or, for that matter, software.

@_date: 2001-05-29 10:39:39
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: The role of compression in cryptosystems  
While I agree in principle that plaintext with a high information content
probably makes it harder to mount a ciphertext-only attack against most
(non-randomized, at least) secret-key cryptosystems, I'm not at all
convinced that the security benefits outweigh even very small costs
in practice.
I've found that a great many complete communications systems (including the
application layer) make it fairly easy, somewhere in the protocol stack,
for an attacker to introduce chosen plaintext or use an endpoint
as a chosen-ciphertext oracle, and I've never met a real system that
doesn't make it easy to learn or guess known plaintext.
Adding a compression layer just doesn't help under such conditions.  In
fact, it may even hurt, when the risks that come with added engineering
complexity are considered.  The bottom line is that if you don't have a
cipher that can withstand all those seemingly silly attack models about
which cryptologists worry so much, you've got problems in theory.  And in
practice, you've got even worse problems.

@_date: 2001-11-01 09:27:44
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: Revised CFP (extended deadline): Financial Cryptography 2002 
Revised Call for Papers
                         Financial Cryptography '02
                           NOTE EXTENDED DEADLINE
                              March 11-14, 2002
                            Sonesta Beach Resort
                            Southhampton, Bermuda
      Sponsored by the International Financial Cryptography Association
Original papers are solicited on all aspects of financial data security and
digital commerce for submission to the Sixth Annual Conference on Financial
Cryptography (FC '02). FC '02 brings together researchers in the financial,
legal, cryptologic, and data security fields to foster cooperation and
exchange of ideas. Relevant topics include:
             Anonymity                Infrastructure Design
             Audit                    Legal and Regulatory
             Authentication and       Issues
             Identification           Loyalty Mechanisms
             Certification and        Peer-to-Peer Systems
             Authorization            Payments and
             Commercial Transactions  Micropayments
             and Contracts            Privacy
             Digital Cash             Risks Management
             Digital Rights           Secure Banking
             Management               Smart Cards
             Electronic Purses        Trust Management
             Implementation Issues    Watermarking
             Information Economics
Instructions for Authors: Complete papers (or complete extended abstracts)
must be at most fifteen (15) single-spaced standard pages in length and must
be received before 23h59 UTC on November 11, 2001. All papers must be
submitted electronically. (In exceptional circumstances, paper submissions
can be accepted, but special arrangements must be made with the program
chair prior to October 31, 2001.) Papers must be in either standard
PostScript or PDF format, and should be submitted via electronic mail to
fc02submit at crypto.com prior to the deadline. Note that submissions in
formats other than PostScript or PDF, including word processor source
formats such as MS Word or LaTeX, will be rejected.
Submitted papers should include on the first page the title, all authors and
their affiliations, a brief abstract, and a list of topical keywords. Papers
must be original; submission of previously published material or papers
under consideration in other conferences or journals is not permitted.
A proceedings will be published as part of the LNCS series. Authors of
accepted papers will have an opportunity to revise their papers for final
publication after the conference.
Proposals for panels are also solicited, and should include a brief
description of the panel as well as prospective participants. Panel
proposals should be submitted by electronic mail to the same address, in
plain ASCII format.
Important Dates:
Submissions due: November 11, 2001
Notifications to authors: December 23, 2001
Camera-ready papers due: February 4, 2002
General Chair:
Nicko van Someren (nCipher)
Program Committee:
Matt Blaze, Program Chair (AT&T Labs)
Dan Boneh (Stanford University)
Stefan Brands (Zero Knowledge)
Dan Geer (
Ian Goldberg (Zero Knowledge)
Angelos Keromytis (Columbia University)
Paul Kocher (Cryptography Research)
Ron Rivest (MIT)
Tomas Sander (Intertrust)
Rebecca Wright (AT&T Labs)

@_date: 2001-09-15 13:42:03
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: crypto backdoors = terrorisms free reign  
Although the subtleties of the problem may not be completely obvious, the
security risks introduced by key escrow mechanisms are quite significant.
See, e.g., our 1998 report:
If anything, the risks we studied three years ago would be amplified
considerably today, given that encryption is now increasingly used as a
central component of the security of many critical services and systems.

@_date: 2001-09-16 19:21:52
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: How to ban crypto?  
[regarding key escrow]
I'm curious as to your technical basis for saying this.  Certainly when we
studied this in 1997 and 1998 we concluded that while it is may by
possible to create a key escrow system that gives out keys, building one
securely entails significant risks and costs that may preclude the use
of encryption in many applications.  See
There were no serious technical objections when we wrote the report
(and there were significant commercial interests trying to sell key
escrow systems at the time).  In what way is the problem easier today
than it was then?
If anything, the key escrow problem has become much harder.  Today,
far more than three years ago, encryption is central to protecting
many aspects of what we call "critical infrastructure", and, although I've
not systematically studied this recently, I suspect it would be far more
difficult to protect many of these applications with a requirement for
key escrow.
That said, I think you may have made an important point with
your third and forth conclusions:

@_date: 2002-01-17 22:23:47
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: password-cracking by journalists...  
You may be able to escape the *criminal* clutches of this law.
But you might still be sued under 17 USC 1203, which provides for
seriously frightening statutory damages (as well as actual damages).

@_date: 2002-06-19 17:55:23
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: E-voting paper analyzes "usability" problems of current syste ms  
Paper ballots aren't "secure" in most senses of the term as we'd
apply it to electronic voting - they can be tampered with, etc. and
there's no way for the voter to even tell.  In a paper system,
the tallying mechanism is a "trusted" component (another example
of where the technical term "trusted" refers an undesirable property
of a system, even though the colloquial use of the word usually
describes something good).

@_date: 2002-11-07 13:50:43
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: Did you *really* zeroize that key?  
And, of course, the very act of putting in the check could cause a compiler
to not optimize out the zeroize code.  (Writing a proper test program for
such behavior is very difficult).
Like most programming language discussions, it's hard to tell whether the
arguments support writing critical code languages that abstract at a
higher level or a lower level.

@_date: 2003-02-07 12:52:14
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: "final" version of lock paper now available 
For those who are interested, the "final" version of my paper on
cryptology and locks is available at
(the old version is still online at mk20020915.pdf in the same directory).
This is a 4MB file (it contains a bunch of moderate resolution images).

@_date: 2003-02-08 12:16:47
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: Columbia crypto box  
Your snipe at NASA is probably uncalled for.  A sentence fragment
quoted from a spokesperson  at press conference almost certainly
does not reflect the professional judgment of the people who designed
the system.
As someone who is occasionally quoted (and just as often misquoted)
in the press, I can imagine it was at least as likely that the question
was "why was encryption used?" as "why do you want the box back."  To
say nothing of the popular (and even technical) confusion between
encryption and encoding.  I can certainly imagine very good reasons
that they'd want to keep the encoding and frequencies used to control
the shuttle secret; if nothing else, to prevent denial of service.
Do you really, honestly belive that none of the people designing a
secure communication system for the shuttle were even remotely acquainted
with the basic principles of the subject?  Or did you just want to make
a snide remark at the expense of people who are obviously now the subject
of enormous scrutiny?
One would think technologists would be wise enough not to assume too much about some sound byte without knowing its context, but
personal experience suggests that a substantial number of us
just jump at the chance to interpret everything we read in a 500
word article in the popular press as if it reflects the entire
body of thought on some subject.  For example, I got about
a dozen email messages from people complaining about how I obviously
advocate security through obscurity after something I wrote
was slightly misquoted (in an otherwise carefully written article)
as suggesting that people use keys that are hard to get blanks for.
Almost everyone complaining had also read the source for that quote
(which added a qualification that this is probably doesn't offer
much protection), but that didn't matter.  People want to believe
what they read in the newspaper, even when they know the facts
first hand.

@_date: 2003-02-12 18:10:56
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: Stupid security measures, a contest  
If I were looking for a "winner" for this, I'd be especially interested
in measures that end up reducing security rather than improving it.
One category of these is those that improve one person or group's
security a little but degrade someone else's a lot.  An example of
this would be the "require identification" fad, in which personal
information is collected for even the most trivial transactions,
creating attractive databases for identity theft and other mischief.
I was recently asked, "for security reasons", by a department store
to provide my social security number when I tried to exchange a shirt
that was the wrong size that I had bought the day before for one of
the correct size   (When I offered to just leave the item there and
dispute the original charge on my credit card, the clerk gave in and
just wrote some made up numbers on the form.)
An even stupider category includes mechanisms that end up degrading
security for exactly the same people they supposedly are trying to
protect.  My favorite example concerns safety, not security, but
it was just this past weekend, in Washington, DC, and is fresh
in my mind.   A walkway leading to a Metro station was closed
because of icy conditions that made it too slippery and dangerous
to cross.  They posted a security guard at one end of the walkway to
stop people, but not the other end, where there was no indication
at all that anything was wrong.  How do I know this?   I crossed from
wrong (unguarded) end, almost breaking my neck before I got to the
security guard and the sign redirecting people to another entrance.
He tried to send me back across the icy path, having been instructed not
to let anyone go past his checkpoint.
The most prevalent category, though, is where "security reasons" are
invoked to explain away almost any inconvenience, expense, or indignity,
no matter how unconnected to security it may be.  "For security reasons"
is now a mantra that can be used with a straight face to prefix almost
any bad news.  "For security reasons, we have raised our prices."

@_date: 2003-02-22 05:30:05
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: [Bodo Moeller <bodo@openssl.org>] OpenSSL Security Advisory: Timing-based attacks on SSL/TLS with CBC encryption  
There's nothing new under the sun; both attacks are more similar than
not to the classic Tenex page-alignment character-at-a-time password
guessing attack.
Speaking of which, does anyone have a good PRIMARY reference to that
I've been trying to track one down for the print version of my lock
paper, and all I can find is either secondary references (like countless
OS textbooks and random computer security papers) or papers that you'd
think would have the attack but turn out no to (like the recent
Multics retrospective paper).  Where did the Tenex attack first

@_date: 2003-01-23 10:30:12
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: [IP] Master Key Copying Revealed (Matt Blaze of ATT Labs)  
A brief summary is available on my web page at
with links to the full (4MB) paper.
Note that this is a bit slashdotted at the moment...

@_date: 2003-01-24 12:52:18
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: [IP] Master Key Copying Revealed (Matt Blaze of ATT Labs)  
Actually, I think this is a perfect example of the complete failure of
the "keep vulnerabilities secret" model.  Apparently locksmiths, criminals,
and curious students have been discovering and rediscovering this
and related techniques for the last 100 years, and instead of writing
it down in a coherent body of literature so that less vulnerable
approaches to master keying could be developed to resist this threat,
it has been either kept secret or passed along as folklore.  100 years
should be plenty of time to fix this sort security vulnerability, and in fact,
there are lock designs (like master rings) that turn out resist this attack
but that have died a quite death in the market because users (and locksmiths)
didn't know about this.
See  for an interesting perspective; we
computer security people actually took the notion that publishing
vulnerabilities increases security from the locksmiths, who have since
reverted to trying to keep their secrets.

@_date: 2003-01-24 14:53:56
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: [IP] Master Key Copying Revealed (Matt Blaze of ATT Labs)  
I have no particular interest in seeing you eat crickets (and before
I went veggie I've eaten a few myself; taste like whatever they're
cooked in), but I've done it on Medecos; it's no problem.
The angles will be the same on the master as the change key; only the
cut depth will differ.  If you have a code cutter at the oracle lock
it's no different from doing the attack regular locks, except that Medeco's
MACS restrictions mean you have to be careful about whether you use the
change depth or previously learned master depth at the positions adjacent
to the position under test.  If you're using a file at the oracle lock,
just use a code machine to pre-cut a  cut at the right angle at each
position; the sharp angle actually makes filing a bit easier than on
locks with a standard cut.
I recommend a light garlic sauce.

@_date: 2003-01-24 15:21:00
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: [IP] Master Key Copying Revealed (Matt Blaze of ATT Labs)  
Actually even in their Biaxial design the sidebar hole is always on the
bottom pin, and so the master shares the angle with the change keys.

@_date: 2003-01-24 15:41:23
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: [IP] Master Key Copying Revealed (Matt Blaze of ATT Labs)  
We're probably getting a bit into the depths of the details for this
(cryptography-oriented) list, so I'll certainly understand if Perry doesn't
forward this on.
It surely would be possible to have a Medeco-type design using
different rotations for the change and master by cutting new holes/grooves
in the bottom pin.  I've not seen that on any of the Biaxial pins
I've looked at, and the Medeco pinning kits I've seen  seem to have
such pins in them (maybe they sell them only to certain customers?  In
any case, such a kit would have to be very large indeed).
But even if they did, you'd still be able to straightforwardly do the
attack, consuming up to 3 (in the standard design) or 6 (in the Biaxial
design) blanks per pin (at each rotation/offset).
Some of the "restricted" Medeco blanks are in fact readily available; others
aren't but can be modified from available blanks, and still others
seem to require extensive milling or casting.

@_date: 2003-01-26 18:48:02
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: Keep it secret, stupid! 
Here's a note I sent to PGN and Farber's respective lists that might be
of interest to those here.  I think the issues go well beyond my attack
against locks, reflecting a deep cultural clash that perhaps goes a long
way toward explaining things like the DMCA.
Keep it secret, stupid!
Last year, I started wondering whether cryptologic approaches might be
useful for the analysis of things that don't use computers.
Mechanical locks seemed like a natural place to start, since they
provided many of the metaphors we used to think about computer
security in the first place.
So I read everything I could get my hands on about locks, which
included most of the available open literature and at least some of
the "closed" literature of that field.  Once I understood the basics,
I quickly discovered, or more accurately re-discovered, a simple and
practical rights amplification (or privilege escalation) attack to
which most master-keyed locks are vulnerable.  The attack uses access
to a single lock and key to get the master key to the entire system,
and is very easy to perform.  For details, see
    I wrote up the attack, in a paper aimed more at convincing computer
scientists that locks are worth our attention than anything else (I
called it "Rights amplification in master-keyed mechanical locks").
As I pointed out in the paper, surely I could not have been the first
to discover this -- locksmiths, criminals, and college students must
have figured this out long ago.  Indeed, several colleagues mentioned
that my paper reminded them of their college days.  There is
considerable evidence that similar methods for master key decoding
have been discovered and rediscovered over the years, used illicitly
and passed along as folklore (several people have unearthed Internet
postings dating back as much as 15 years describing how to make master
keys).  Curious college students -- and professional burglars -- have
long been able to get their hands on master keys to the places that
interest them.
But the method does not seem to appear in the literature of locks and
security, and certainly users of master keyed locks did not seem to
know about this risk.  I submitted the paper to a journal and
circulated it to colleagues in the security community.  Eventually,
the paper reached the attention of a reporter at the New York Times,
who wrote it up in a story on the front page of the business section
last week.
The response surprised me.  For a few days, my e-mail inbox was full
of angry letters from locksmiths, the majority of which made both the
point that I'm a moron, because everyone knew about this already, as
well as the point that I'm irresponsible, because this method is much
too dangerous to publish.  A few managed to also work in a third
point, which is that the method couldn't possibly work because
obviously I'm just some egghead who doesn't know anything about locks.
Those letters, with their self-canceling inconsistency, are easy
enough to brush aside, but there seems to be a more serious problem
here, one that has led to a significant real-world vulnerability for
lock users but that is sadly all too familiar to contemporary
observers of computer security.
The existence of this method, and the reaction of the locksmithing
profession to it, strikes me as a classic instance of the complete
failure of the "keep vulnerabilities secret" security model.  I'm told
that the industry has known about this vulnerability and chosen to do
nothing -- not even warn their customers -- for over a century.
Instead it was kept secret and passed along as folklore, sometimes
used as a shortcut for recovering lost master keys for paying
customers.  If at some point in the last hundred years this method had
been documented properly, surely the threat could have been addressed
and lock customers allowed to make informed decisions about their own
The tragic part is that there are alternatives.  There are several
lock designs that turn out to resist this threat, including master
rings and bicentric locks.  While these designs aren't perfect, they
resist completely the adaptive oracle attack described in my paper.
It's a pity that stronger alternative designs have been allowed to die
a quiet death in the marketplace while customers, ignorant of the
risks, have spent over a hundred years investing in inferior systems.
Although a few people have confused my reporting of the vulnerability
with causing the vulnerability itself, I can take comfort in a story
that Richard Feynman famously told about his days on the Manhattan
project.  Some simple vulnerabilities (and user interface problems)
made it easy to open most of the safes in use at Los Alamos.  He
eventually demonstrated the problem to the Army officials in charge.
Horrified, they promised to do something about it.  The response?  A
memo ordering the staff to keep Feynman away from their safes.
Matt Blaze
26 January 2003

@_date: 2003-01-26 19:43:51
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: Keep it secret, stupid!  
Of course I did.  What gave you the idea that I didn't?

@_date: 2003-01-27 02:08:53
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: Keep it secret, stupid!  
Actually, master ring systems make it considerably harder to pick
a lock.  Sometimes a pin will set at the master shear line and sometimes
it will set at the change shear line, but unless all pin stacks catch
at the same one, the lock won't operate.  (This phenomenon is also why
it is difficult to pick a SFIC core with conventional torque tools).
Adding false cuts does increase picking vulnerability, of course.
Personally, I think it's a shame that master ring designs have all but
disappeared. They're still listed as an option in the Corbin-Russwin
catalog for a few commercial cylinders, and are also used in some prison
locks as I understand it.

@_date: 2003-03-02 19:06:41
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: Roger Needham Died - from The Register  
Sad, sad news.
Roger's pioneering contributions to our art speak (volumes) for
themselves, and our field is diminished by the loss of his future
But I will miss him most for his enormous generosity, his sharp wit,
and his personal integrity.

@_date: 2003-03-07 20:11:14
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: Delta CAPPS-2 watch: decrypt boarding passes!  
At most airports, they've moved most of the screening to the security
checkpoint, where they do the dump search of the people with the SSSS
on the boarding pass and the lucky random selectees.  For flights
with SSSS people on them, they also have TSA people to screen them
at the gate.  I've not noticed the specific mechanism they've used to
select the additional random selectees.  It's possible that it's
wrapped in to the program that decides who gets the SSSS printed on
the boarding pass in the first place.  If so, that seems like a weakness,
since you would be able to predict whether you'll get the additional
scrutiny before you reach the checkpoint.  I'm not sure one way
or the other about what the actual practice is: has anyone here (who's
gone through the airports following the new procedure) been informed at
the checkpoint they they've been randomly selected for additional screening
but not had the SSSS printed on the boarding pass?  The main way to tell
if you're at one of these airports is that you DON'T have to show
your ID when boarding.
For checked baggage screening, however, I have seen how they do the
randomness: it involves a pre-printed randomness table consulted
for each bag.  (Some airports do the baggage screening in front
of the passenger before it is turned over to the airline.).  Every bag
gets a basic scan through the sniffer, and bags that test positive
or that the randomness table selects are opened and searched by hand.
By the way, at these airports, you can no longer get past the checkpoint
with just a pre-printed receipt; you need either a boarding pass, a
"gate pass" printed by the airline (like a boarding pass, but for people
without a specific flight), or an airport ID.

@_date: 2003-03-29 01:48:13
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: How useful is www.crypto.com/exports/mail.txt? 
For the last three years, I've operated a mail alias,
"exports at crypto.com", that publicly archives and forwards
to the government authorities announcements of the public
availability of cryptographic software.  The idea
was that since current US export regulations require
notifying the government any time such software is made
available, it might be useful to have a mechanism that
lets the rest of us know at the same time.  It was
started on a whim, at the suggestion of someone on this
list, if I recall correctly.
The alias forwards messages sent to it to crypt at bis.doc.gov
and enc at ncsc.mil and archives the mail at
  According to
my server logs, that (large) file gets a few hits an hour.
As of today, 128 announcements of crypto software availability
have been forwarded through it.
Lately, the flow of announcement messages has been dwarfed by
the bombardment of spam that you'd expect a relatively long-lived,
widely-published email address to receive.  The alias gets about
100 spam messages a day (I don't keep track any more, I just delete
them from the archive every now and then).  By contrast, the last
message actually announcing crypto software was sent at the beginning
of February.
Deleting the spam has gotten to be a real chore, and I have
a sense that perhaps the alias may have run its course
and outlived any useful purpose it may have once served.  There
are now other ways to advertise open-source software and other
archived mailing lists to which messages to the government can be
openly cc'd.  I'm considering shutting the exports at crypto.com alias
down, or perhaps I might leave it up but not maintain the archive
web page.
Would this be a terrible inconvenience for anyone?  Does anyone
actually depend on this service at this point?  If so, I'll
be happy to keep it running, but if not, I think it may be
time to pull the plug.
