
@_date: 2003-04-04 11:21:21
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: ENC: Review of Cryptanalysis book? 
Remember I asked some time ago about a review for Samuel Wagstaff's
recent book on cryptanalysis of number theoretic ciphers?
I still haven't found any, but I wrote to Samuel to ask him if he knew
if any existed.
Below I have, with his permission, copied his answer.
-----Mensagem original-----
De: Samuel S Wagstaff [mailto:ssw at cerias.purdue.edu] Enviada em: quarta-feira, 2 de abril de 2003 17:44
Para: Mads Rasmussen
Assunto: Re: Review of Cryptanalysis book?
Dear Mads,
In fact I have not seen a review of my book yet.  I think it
is too soon for one to be published, although I expect that
reviews of it are being prepared.
If I wrote a review, of course it would be favorably biased
and so not much use to you.
An announcement (flyer) describing the book is available at the
URL Part of the Preface to the book is appended to this note.
Perhaps that will satisfy your employer.
Sam Wagstaff
This work has its origins in a cryptography course taught by the
author many times during the past twenty years in the Computer
Science Department at Purdue University.
Part I gives the mathematical background for cryptography as well as
some definitions and simple examples from cryptography.  The
cryptographic definitions appear in the first chapter.
The second chapter treats some topics from elementary probability
theory which are needed most for cryptanalysis.
Chapters 3 through 7 give a standard first course in elementary number
theory, but with a slant toward computation and with the needs of
cryptography always in mind.  Thus, Chapter 3, on divisibility, also
tells how to perform arithmetic with large integers and Chapter 4,
which is about primes, discusses the probability that a ``random''
large integer will have only small prime factors.  This topic is rarely
discussed in the chapter on primes in an elementary number theory book,
but is needed to estimate the difficulty of breaking certain ciphers.
Chapter 5 introduces congruences, which are used in many modern
cryptographic algorithms.  Chapter 6 proves Fermat's little theorem and
Euler's generalization of it.  These important results are used
throughout the rest of the book.  This chapter also introduces
primitive roots and discrete logarithms, which are needed for many
ciphers and protocols.
Chapter 7 deals with the solution of quadratic congruences.  We do not
prove the quadratic reciprocity law, but do explain its importance in
computation.  We state this law in a form useful for programming rather
than in the slick concise way found in many number theory texts.
Chapter 8 introduces information theory and gives examples of some
obsolete ciphers.
Chapter 9 offers a selection of topics from modern algebra that are
used in later chapters to make and break various ciphers.
Chapters 10 through 13 treat the complementary problems of factoring
large integers and identifying large primes.  Many cryptographic
algorithms begin by choosing large primes.  Some ciphers and protocols
can be broken by factoring a large integer.  Slow but nevertheless
important factoring methods are the topic of Chapter 10.  In Chapter
11, the reader learns how to tell whether a large integer is probably
prime, how to give a rigorous proof that a large number is prime, and
how to construct large primes that have an easy rigorous proof of
primality.  Chapter 12 deals with the important elliptic curve groups
used in prime proofs, in factoring integers, and directly in ciphers
and protocols.  The fastest known factoring algorithms are described in
Chapter 13.
Chapter 14 discusses the best ways to break certain ciphers by
computing ``discrete logarithms.'' We describe several good methods for
choosing random numbers in Chapter 15.  Cryptographic algorithms that
need secret random integers can be compromised if the numbers are not
sufficiently random.
Part II describes a selection of cryptographic algorithms, most of
which use number theory.  Chapter 16 presents some single-key ciphers,
in which all keys are supposed to remain secret.  Rijndael, the new
Advanced Encryption Standard, is the fastest of these ciphers.  The
Pollig-Hellman ciphers are slower, but enjoy special properties which
make them useful in certain protocols.  Chapter 17 introduces
public-key ciphers, including those of Rivest, Shamir and Adleman,
Massey-Omura, ElGamal, and Rabin-Williams.
Methods of signing messages electronically are presented in Chapter
18.  Chapter 19 explains ways for two users to exchange keys in a
secure manner, so that no one else can discover these keys by
eavesdropping on their messages, and so that the users can be sure that
they are talking to each other and not to an impersonator.
In Chapter 20 we describe simple protocols for playing games, sharing
secrets, signing documents without seeing them, and establishing one's
identity.  The protocols in Chapter 21 are more complicated, and
include signing contracts over the Internet, holding an election over
the Internet and using digital ``cash'' to purchase goods.  Chapter 22
explains two complete cryptographic systems, Kerberos for user
authentication and Pretty Good Privacy for secure electronic mail.
Some attacks on the cryptographic algorithms are discussed as the
algorithms are presented in Part II.  In Part III, we collect together
some general methods of attack on the cryptographic algorithms of Part
II and assess their effectiveness.
Chapter 23 treats direct attacks in which the attacker has no contact
with the victim and the victim does nothing wrong.  These attacks
involve a direct assault on a secret key.  They are analogous to the
attacker breaking into the victim's house when he is away and taking
his money.
In the attack techniques of Chapter 24, either the victim or his
computer makes an error which allows an attacker to learn a secret
key.  These methods are similar to an attacker entering a victim's
house and taking his money when the victim left the door unlocked or
the lock is broken.
In the attacks of Chapter 25, the attacker interacts with the victim
and either steals a secret key or makes the victim do something he
wishes he had not done.  These attacks are like being mugged or raped.
The second and third parts of the book give copious references to the
theorems in the first part, so that the reader can learn more about why
the cryptography works and the nature of the attacks on it.
More than 200 interesting exercises test the reader's understanding of
the text.  The exercises range in difficulty from nearly trivial to
quite challenging.  We hope you enjoy the antics of Alice, Bob, and
their gang.
The prerequisites for reading this book are calculus and linear
algebra.  From calculus, you should know how to differentiate,
integrate, and find extrema.  You should be familiar with the logarithm
and exponential functions and with Newton's method for finding zeros of
functions.  You should know that sums may be approximated by
integrals.  You should know the rudiments of set theory, intersections,
unions, and subsets.  From linear algebra, you should be familiar with
matrices and know how to solve a system of linear equations in several
unknowns.  For complete understanding of this book, you should also be
familiar with proof by mathematical induction.

@_date: 2003-08-04 13:14:31
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: Abit's SecureIDE 
There seems to be a new interesting product from Abit, a motherboard
manufacturer. "SecureIDE", supposed to encrypt information between the CPU and the IDE
Have a look at
The idea is simple:
CPU <--> Chip <--> HD
And the concept seems to be reasonable at first eyesight, skipping the
stuff like the quote below, which gives me a snakeoil feeling.
 "A password can be cracked by software in a few hours. ABIT's SecureIDE
will keep government supercomputers busy for weeks and will keep the
RIAA away from your Kazaa files forever." There is a datasheet that tells it all
I quote:
"40-bit DES (US Data Encryption Standard) is adequate for general users"
How can they make something, seemingly good and then blow it by using
only 40-bit DES keys? It cannot be export controls can it?
Well they did only say weeks in the first quote above :o)
Mads Rasmussen

@_date: 2003-01-21 08:37:52
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: Chaotic encryption research being evaluated 
Giving a recent thread on sci.crypt about chaotic encryption I thought
this seemed interesting
The actual paper is available from the link below
The *CHAOTIC ENCRYPTION RESEARCH BEING EVALUATED
By Carl Weinschenk
A new approach to chaotic encryption proposed by researchers at Beijing
Normal University has a good pedigree, but many experts are taking a
wait-and-see attitude on its speed and security.
Chaotic encryption employs an algorithm to transmit information in a
stream that grows increasingly disordered--or chaotic--over time. The
receiver can use the algorithm to remove the random data. This, in
essence, rolls back the clock to reveal the initial data.
The challenge to the commercialization of any new encryption
technique--one that chaotic encryption hasn't reached--is proving it's
as fast and secure as existing systems, such as TripleDES, says Jon
Callas, CTO of PGP Corp.
The research on encrypting two-way voice communications using chaotic
encryption was reported in Physical Review E. Dr. Hu Gang, who led the
research, says that the approach has commercial potential because it
uses fast "single round" analytical computations. The speed is achieved
without compromising security because the type of chaos
used--"spatiotemporal"--is highly secure. "The particular advantage with
our system is that we can produce ciphertexts in each round," he says.
"Professor Hu...has a very talented group of researchers and does
excellent work," says Rajarshi Roy, a professor in the Department of
Physics and the Institute for Physical Science and Technology at the
University of Maryland. "As a method of speech encoding using computer
hardware and software, this is an interesting technique, and its privacy
and security need to be studied."
But Janusz Szczepanski, a researcher at the Polish Academy of Sciences'
Institute of Fundamental Technological Research, says the authors have
only considered one type of attack, so the jury is still out on the
quality of this method's security.
"I have looked at their system and, without detailed analysis, I can
point out some points that can be attacked," says Szczepanski. He awaits
the further research that the paper's authors say is coming.
Mads Rasmussen
Open Communications Security

@_date: 2003-01-23 09:16:07
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: Request: review of new Cryptanalysis book 
I wonder if anyone reading this list has read the following book:
Cryptanalysis of Number Theoretic Ciphers
by Samuel S., Jr. Wagstaff, Mikhail J. Atallah (Editor)
ISBN: 1584881534
CRC Press
See the following link for details
I would appreciate any comments
Mads Rasmussen
Open Communications Security

@_date: 2003-01-31 15:19:22
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: RES: Request: review of new Cryptanalysis book 
Hmm nobody reacted to my request :(
I found this recently, not really a review, but here it goes
I guess I have to cough up the 80 bucks and see for myself :o(
Mads Rasmussen
Open Communications Security

@_date: 2003-01-31 17:07:00
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: RES: Request: review of new Cryptanalysis book 
============================== START ==============================
Thanks Anton, This description refers to a published contents index of the book that
the author published online (CRC press) long before the book was
The comment by Molnar, however, might still be valid. That's why a
review would be nice :)

@_date: 2003-07-28 08:51:43
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: duplication of serial number in Thawte certificates 
Maybe this is old news, but I saw an article from the Register regarding
problems with duplication of serial numbers at Thawte, which could lead
to problems when verifying certificates.
"Digital certificate specialist Thawte has discovered that its systems
have issued certificates with duplicate numbers over the last few
months. If one of the paired certificates is revoked the other will also be
disavowed. Which is a pain. But essential encryption and security
functions are not affected" ...
The excerpt pretty much sums it up, I guess they will recover revoking
all duplicated and issuing new certs to the parties involved.
Mads Rasmussen

@_date: 2003-06-09 09:01:56
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: 'Hack-proof' cryptography goes quantum 
Seems another record has been set in the quantum key agreement race
This time the distance is 100km
I'm constantly baffled about how the media embraces these news, just
look at the title "Hack-proof". This isn't quantum *cryptography*, its agreement of some bits, used
later in an OTP.

@_date: 2003-06-09 16:10:07
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: NIST selects the OMAC as new block cipher mode 
June 6, 2003 -- The National Institute of Standards and Technology
(NIST) has been developing a block cipher mode of operation for message
authentication. From the authentication modes that were submitted to
NIST for consideration, NIST initially selected the RMAC algorithm and
specified it in the draft NIST Special Publication 800-38B. In response
to public comments on the draft, NIST posted a consultation paper that
proposed a revision of the draft that would focus on the EMAC
construction that underlies RMAC. In response to further public input,
NIST has decided to replace RMAC and EMAC altogether with the OMAC
variation of the XCBC algorithm.
The technical characteristics of RMAC, EMAC, and XCBC are summarized in
the consultation paper; the rationale for the current decision is
explained in a supplemental paper. These two papers, and other
information on the modes development effort, are available through the
modes home page,  NIST welcomes public comments on the OMAC variation of the XCBC
algorithm in advance of the formal public comment period that will
follow posting of the revised draft. Comments may be submitted to
EncryptionModes at nist.gov by July 3, 2003.

@_date: 2003-03-06 12:15:58
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: ENC: Proven Primes 
You might look at the IKE groups
The Internet Key Exchange (IKE) "More MODP Diffie-Hellman groups for IKE"

@_date: 2003-03-07 15:14:04
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: REQ: Review of Nigel Smart's "Introduction to Cryptography" 
Has anyone read Nigel Smart's book from late 2002, "introduction to
Cryptography" The latest IACR newsletter brought an overview and TOC of the book,
which I found interesting. It seems to me the first time provable
security is mentioned in a textbook (see part IV, 17 and 18)
As the newsletter said, more info is available at
     I would be very interested in hearing from someone that read the book on
how this material is presented. I find Bellare and Rogaway's lecture
notes magnificent but it isn't a textbook.
I quoted the excerpt from the IACR newsletter below for those who might
be interested
Mads Rasmussen
Cryptography, An Introduction
   by Nigel Smart,
   McGraw-Hill, 2002.
   ISBN 0 077 09987 7 (PB).
   Nigel Smart's Cryptography provides the rigorous detail required for
   advanced cryptographic studies, yet approaches the subject matter in
   an accessible style in order to gently guide new students through
   difficult mathematical topics. Covering the latest developments in
   cryptography, including the Rijndael algorithm chosen for the new
   Advanced Encryption Standard, the OAEP padding system for RSA,
   elliptic curve based systems and provable security this book is a
   complete introduction to cryptography.
Part I Mathematical Background 1 Modular Arithmetic, Groups, Finite Fields and Probability 2 Elliptic Curves Part II Symmetric Encryption 3 Historical Ciphers 4 Information Theoretic Security 5 Symmetric Ciphers 6 Symmetric Key Distribution Part III Public Key Encryption and Signatures 7 Basic Public Key Encryption Algorithms 8 Primality Testing and Factoring 9 Discrete Logarithms 10 Key Exchange, Signature Schemes and Hash Functions 11 Implementation Issues 12 Obtaining Authentic Public Keys 13 Protocols Part IV Security Issues 14 Attacks on Public Key Schemes 15 Definitions of Security 16 Complexity Theoretic Approaches 17 Provable Security: With Random Oracles 18 Provable Security: Without Random Oracles Appendices Appendix A Basic Mathematical Terminology Appendix B Java Examples Index

@_date: 2003-03-08 22:01:23
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: SV: REQ: Review of Nigel Smart's "Introduction to Cryptography" 
Thanks, I wasn't aware of that
More info at
It seems like chapters 9 and 10 are what you were referring to

@_date: 2003-03-28 14:24:36
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: RES: Test Vectors? 
The NIST STS PRNG test suite includes an implementation for X9.17
look in generators/generator3.c

@_date: 2003-09-08 14:41:38
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: ENC: Announcing release of DRAFT SP 800-38C - Recommendation for Block Cipher Modes of Operation the CCM Mode for Authentication and Confidentiality 
In the draft Special Publication 800-38C, Recommendation for Block
Cipher Modes of Operation: the CCM Mode for Authentication and
Confidentiality, the CCM mode of the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)
algorithm is specified for the protection of sensitive, unclassified
data. The CCM algorithm combines the counter (CTR) mode for
confidentiality with the cipher block chaining-message authentication
code (CBC-MAC) technique for authentication. Further information on the
development of block cipher modes of operation is available at the modes
home page NIST welcomes public comments on the draft until October 20, 2003;
comments may be sent to EncryptionModes at nist.gov.
Please go to the CSRC Draft publications page to view this document:

@_date: 2004-08-16 21:29:54
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: SHA-1 rumors 
Dobbertin published a complete break of MD4 (namely, a breaking algorithm and some collisions found with it) in the Journal of Cryptology.

@_date: 2004-08-17 14:12:15
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: MD5 collisions? 
So what's the status?, the MD5 collisions has been confirmed by Eric Rescorla (taken the type into consideration), the MD4  by David Shaw, what about Haval and RipeMD?.
I did a test on the RipeMD results and couldn't get the results written. Anybody else having the same problems?
Any news on Antoine Joux and his attack on SHA-0? how did he create the collision previously announced on sci.crypt?
Mads Rasmussen
Open Communications Security

@_date: 2004-09-08 17:29:27
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: MD2 is not one way (!?) 
Actually there was a paper analysing the MD2 algorithms back in 1997: N. Rogier and P Chauvaud, "MD2 is not secure without the Checksum Byte", Design, codes and Cryptography, 12(3):245-251 - an early version was presented at SAC 1995
The abstract of the new paper by Fr?d?ric Muller describing a pre-image attack, more theoretical than practical although very interesting,
"MD2 is an early hash function developed by Ron Rivest for RSA Security, that produces message digests of 128 bits. In this paper, we show that MD2 does not reach the ideal security level of 2^128 . We
describe preimage attacks against the underlying compression function,
the best of which has complexity of 2^73 . As a result, the full MD2 hash can be attacked in preimage with complexity of 2^104"

@_date: 2005-08-09 08:36:22
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: Two results on SHA-256 in progress 
I haven't seen this announced anywhere, so here it goes:
Collisions for simplified variants of SHA-256
Krystian Matusiewicz and Josef Pieprzyk
pp. 140
Preliminary Analysis of the SHA-256 Message Expansion
Norbert Pramstaller and Christian Rechberger and Vincent Rijmen
pp. 145
Still work in progress, these two papers are just appetizers ;-)

@_date: 2005-08-12 10:07:37
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: webcast of crypto rumpsession this year? 
Anyone knows whether there will be webcasts from this years Crypto

@_date: 2005-08-17 13:34:44
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: faster SHA-1 attacks? 
Isn't it strange that in the times when cryptography was considered a weapon it couldn't get out of the US, now when it isn't considered a weapon anymore it cannot enter the country ;-)

@_date: 2005-01-05 08:05:44
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: Where to get a Jefferson Wheel ? 
I know Running Press Book Publishers has a "crypto for kids" kit that includes two jefferson wheels. I haven't actually seen them in hand but always wanted to buy one for my own kid although she's just 7 months ;-)
It doesn't sat Jefferson wheels at the site but the package I had in my hands said so
No guarentees....haven't got a clue as to whether it's worth anything

@_date: 2005-01-05 14:43:00
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: Banks Test ID Device for Online Security 
Here in Brazil it's common to ask for a new pin for every transaction

@_date: 2005-07-12 14:06:04
@_author: Mads Rasmussen 
@_subject: the limits of crypto and authentication 
In Brazil there's alot of trojans similar to the one Steven mentioned, almost all of them targeted at diferent national banks.
A while back they worked as "external pop-ups" as we named them. That is they appeared on top of the browser appearing visually like when you are asked for your credencials by the bank (although many times they ask for all your data including ssn).
Now a days they are more advanced, we have seen trojans lately that closes the browser and opens a window just like IE and then navigates the banks site inside, when it comes to entering the credencials it shows more fields to fill in than normal.
They often come with keyloggers too to rob your pin number as you enter it.
That made the banks use virtual keyboards, entering the PIN with the mouse on screen, to avoid entering PIN numbers via the keyboard.
Then the bad guys started using mouse loggers that captures a tiny square with every mouse click.
The captured data are sent via smtp, ftp or via an http post.
The latest trick is to encrypt the captured data with AES although the key is fixed in the code ;-)
