
@_date: 2009-10-27 21:02:44
@_author: makrober 
@_subject: Security of Mac Keychain, File Vault 
This is a perfectly valid point; however, it cuts both ways. I'm sure
all on this list have more than once encountered a user of some
security product or system component for which the vendor completely
failed to define the threat model it was effective under, and which
was, consequently, misused to the point of offering no protection at all.
But back to the article pointed out by the OP: it is indeed an example
of writing where a fault in a security product is implied, but not
substantiated. And this (quote: "...This is partly because Apple has not
policed its developer network. Everyone has access to the iPhone's
technologies, so the hacking community has used this against Apple....")
is surprising, to say the least: when someone claims these days that the
security should be based on the "policing the access to [some technology]",
he's unlikely to be teken very seriously.
Mark R.

@_date: 2010-08-18 23:59:17
@_author: M.R. 
@_subject: Collage 
Whenever I hear of an academic institution announcing to the world
a cryptographic product or component with phrases such as "dissidents
in China" and "oppressive regimes", I strongly suspect that the
product is meant to help in attracting research grants, much more
than it is meant to help dissidents in China or subjects of the
oppressive regimes.

@_date: 2010-09-27 15:18:34
@_author: M.R. 
@_subject: The Demise of the Trusted Third Party Fallacy 
>From the New York Times, word that the Obama administration wants
 >to compel access to encrypted communications.
 >
I expect this law to be, overall, counterproductive.
 From the information given in the NYT article, I conclude that
the law might well be called "The Demise of the Trusted Third
Party Fallacy".
(Another excerpt from NYT article):
  "Even with such a law, some gaps could remain. It is not clear how
  it could compel compliance by overseas services that do no domestic
  business, or from a ?freeware? application developed by volunteers..."
Hushmail case demonstrated that the US actually could compel some
(many? all?) legal entities outside of its borders to comply; but
it is quite unlikely that peer-to-peer ~applications~, operating
entirely independent from any third party, could be effectively
subverted or eradicated.
I would therefore expect increased preference for such applications,
specifically among those that have the greatest motivation to secure
their communications from those that desire such law in order to make
their work easier. After all, when it becomes not just suspected, but
generally assumed that any third party will cooperate with your
adversary, crypto solutions that assume the existence of a "trusted
third party" will be in due course replaced by those that do not.
Marko R.

@_date: 2010-09-16 16:49:19
@_author: M.R. 
@_subject: Haystack (helping "dissidents"?) 
I said (something like) this when Haystack first appeared on this
Words "dissidents" and "oppressive regimes" have no place in
serious discussions among cryptographers. Once we start assigning
ethical categorizations to those that protect and those that attack
(data files, communications channels, etc.) we are watering the
garden in which the weeds like Haystack flourish.
Marko R.
