
@_date: 2017-08-03 14:03:24
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin Blockchain Has Been Forked (New: 
Le 02/08/2017 à 23:02, grarpamp a écrit :
That's IMHO the biggest and most surprising lesson of this fork, many
previous price drops were attributed to the fear of an eventual fork,
but when it happens it seems to drive the price up ($3200 v.s. $2800
before fork). I'm dubious and pleasantly surprised.

@_date: 2017-08-04 10:08:07
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin Blockchain Has Been Forked (New: 
Le 04/08/2017 à 00:21, Sam Generic a écrit :
Yes, so the only way out to spend it is to exchange them to BTC,
therefore that's even more surprising that the price of BCC isn't plunging.

@_date: 2017-08-21 22:06:57
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof-of-key blockchain 
Hello everyone. I've been thinking about a light alternative
proof-of-(work/stake) algorithm for blockchains that doesn't imply
hardware/electricy race. I'd like to request for your comments about it.
The reason why such exponential investment is made into this
hardware/energy is because it is proportional to the chances of winning
the proof-of-* race. The proposed algorithm to avoid such a race is to
determine the winner before the race starts, with almost zero CPU power
needed to discover its identity.
Let's consider that an arbitrary amount of coins have been pre-mined and
sold to fund the development (e.g. 5%). In order to get a chance to be
rewarded with newly mined coins and fees for discovering a new block, a
node needs to have one or more reward-keypair(s). Such reward-keys can
only be buyed/registered on the blockchain, its price must be set to at
least the current number of coins rewarded for discovering a new block,
let's say 50 coins for the first years, like for Bitcoin (1).
Buying/registering a new reward-key on the blockchain is like buying new
rig hardware, the more you have on your node, the more you increase your
chances to win the race (2). For every node to unanimously agree on the
winner, they all need to work on the very same block of transactions, I
explain later how I think this goal can be achieved. Then, a simple
checksum hash needs to be computed by every nodes on the new block, it
is made of the previous head block's nonce appended by the ordered sum
of outgoing transactions' addresses (3), it must have the same length in
bits as the pubic-reward-keys (e.g. 256 bits), the public-reward-key
that is the closest to this hash is the winner (nearest neighbor
matching like with LSH). The node that happens to be the winner (who
owns the corresponding private-reward-key) has to claim the block by
signing the totality of its data (block's head index on the chain,
ordered transactions in full, plus its reward transaction) and broadcast
its claim for other nodes to validate and add it to their blockchain's
head (4). If the block is not claimed, it can be for multiple reasons,
blockchain fork (nodes not working on the very same block of
transactions because of accidental or malicious cacophony), network
latency, or simply the wining node being down. But I think these cases
can be dealt with securely, as explained below.
In order to be sure that every node of the network is working on the
very same block of transactions at the very same time, some rigorous
synchronization has to be set up, with carrot and stick for the
participating nodes. First thing is to prevent transactions from being
constantly broadcast, otherwise because of propagation delay the data of
the new block would always be in an inconsistent state among the
different nodes. As the delay for having data propagated to 99% of a P2P
network (Bitcoin) appears to be about 40 seconds (4), I propose an
arbitrary "pulse window" of 20 seconds for nodes to initiate the
broadcast of their transactions (they need to synchronize at startup via
NTP), followed by 40 seconds of retention of new transactions (meanwhile
new transactions are being queued in each node, waiting for the next
pulse), for letting the time of all the transactions to reach the
totality of the network. So, there is one broadcast pulse every minute
(20+40), as well as one new block. If any node do not play the game
(wrongdoing, miss-configuration, bad QoS, etc.) that triggers cacophony,
the network will have to identify and ban them (5) at the next pulse. On
the other hand, nodes that provide good synchronization, QoS, etc. will
be rewarded by receiving a part of the fees of the transactions that
they have initially broadcast. To do so, transactions and their entry
node need to identify each other reciprocally. Each transaction
identifies the entry node chosen for broadcast, as well as the node
signs the transaction (or preferably a whole transactions' batch in a
single network packet). Node identification is done via one of its
If some transactions are sent too late, not reaching the totality
(99.9%) of the network (likely to be initially broadcast around the 55th
second, just before the end of the 20+40 seconds pulse (4), instead of
the dedicated initial 20 seconds pulse window, because of intentional
cacophony malice, or miss-configuration, bad QoS being more unlikely for
such a long lag), then the blockchain's working head will be forked into
multiple heads. Therefore, the probability of finding the next block
will be divided by the number of different forked heads (proportionally
to the respective number of nodes working on each forked head). Let's
take an arbitrary case scenario where the blockchain gets forked into 3
equally distributed heads, each representing 33.3% of the nodes, the
respective chances to find each of these 3 different forked blocks is
divided by 3 (for each forked head block there is a 66.6% chance that
the winning reward-key is working on another block, therefore won't
claim it). Thus, after 2 or 3 iteration pulses (or even only one), the
entirety of the network will find the block discovery/validation rate
dramatically drop, which will trigger nodes to enter "cacophony mode",
stopping to emit transactions, and broadcast the blocks they are working
on after the cacophony was detected (and maybe one or two blocks before
that as an uncertainty margin), as well as the signature of the block's
hash by the node (6). After few seconds/minutes, all the nodes will have
gathered a reference copy of all different versions of blocks being
worked on, along with the number of times they have been signed (a.k.a
in which proportions a specific version of a block were spread amongst
the network). All nodes now have an accurate snapshot of the total
topology and consistency the network, few blocks backward from the
blockchain's head, before the fork happened. Then nodes can
independently compare blocks, whitelisting every nodes that had their
transactions registered on every blocks (meaning they were broadcast on
time), baning those that are on some blocks but not other popular ones
(7), therefore the network self-heals by purging bad nodes, and resume
mining by rolling back to the last block that was mined before the
cacophony started.
In the case of a node suspecting cacophony because being in the fringe
of the network or out-of-sync (thus not receiving transactions on proper
time), other nodes won't be in "cacophony mode", so the node will find
itself lonely by not receiving any/enough different block versions
(along with their signed hashes), therefore it will know that there is
no cacophony, but bad QoS or configuration, this will need to be fixed
by resync NTP, re-configure, change peers, sys-admin intervention, etc.
They'll have to catch up quickly not to miss the race/reward.
In the case of a block not being claimed because of the winner node
being down, the network would enter in "cacophony mode" as well, but
figure out that it is consistent, therefore simply blacklisting the
winning public-reward-key of the unclaimed block, until it gets unlocked
by a dedicated "unlock message", signed with its corresponding
private-reward-key when the node gets back online.
There might be plenty of smaller/bigger flaws that I did not think
about, I'd like to request for your help in identifying and hopefully
fixing them. I've been thinking that rich wrongdoers could escape the
carrot and stick policy constraint by buying reward-keys with the only
goal to prevent the network from taking off, provoking endless
cacophony. I think this can be fixed by adjusting the price of the
reward-keys over time (1), or even using a non-mandatory collaborative
blacklist system for the early stage of network growth, until the price
of reward-keys becomes dissuasive for a performing real prejudicial
sabotage, even for rich wrongdoers. Also, because there is no CPU
constraint for calculating blocks, it would be easy for anyone to forge
a longer chain, however I'm not sure that the longer chain policy is the
best here, and such forged chains could be easily detected because of a
too much redundant winners' identity (not representative of the global
reward-key pool), and not to mention that it cannot be broadcast as
nodes do not get new blocks from the network but calculate them internally.
What do you think?
(1) Price for buying/registering a new reward-key cannot be lower to the
number of coins rewarded for finding a block to prevent their number to
be exponential, but it could/should be higher to prevent rich wrongdoers
to buy many and use them to disturb the network, it could also maintain
the size of the network to a consistent state. Here we take the example
of 50 coins per reward-key, which means one every minute, one every few
hours sounds more reasonable and manageable, but this is outside of the
scope of this post.
(2) A special transaction has to be done for purchasing a reward-key,
unlike when simply spending coins with outgoing/incoming wallet address,
here you send your self-generated public-reward-key (needless to say
while keeping the private key private) along with your 50 coins, in
return the network makes the 50 coins available again to miners as a
reward for the next block discovery, and register your public-reward-key
on the blockchain. The reverse operation to destroy the reward-key for
getting the 50 coins reimbursed should be possible, as well a replacing
a reward-key by a new one if suspected by the owner of being
corrupted/stolen. The 50 coins given when finding a new block (or being
reimbursed) are made available again from a previous purchase(s), or
newly created if this coin reserve is empty. The available monetary mass
may inflate or shrink depending of the market demand for reward-keys
(mining) or liquidity, this policy can be discussed and algorithmically
adjusted/limited in the specs (e.g. coins made available again after
buying rewards-keys cannot represent more than 10% of the minted coins).
(3) We use outgoing transaction's addresses because they cannot be
forged on-the-fly to alter the resulting hash. If we use the full
transaction for calculating the "winning hash", nodes could try to forge
and inject one transaction at the last second, playing with decimals to
get the closest result to one of their public-reward-key, which would
incite again for a hardware/electricity race.
(5) Quarantine duration should be incremental for each ban, e.g.: 3h,
12h, 72h, 2 weeks, 4 months, one year, etc.
(6) Any node signing more than one different block for the same head
number will be banned (5) and its data ignored.
(7) In "cacophony mode" marginal blocks that are not widespread and
lacking transactions number should be ignored, they are more likely to
be on the fringe of the network, not having received some transactions
on time because of QoS-like issues.

@_date: 2017-08-24 00:13:11
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof-of-key blockchain 
Hello Karl, thank you very much for taking the time to read an reply.
Le 23/08/2017 à 17:38, Karl Semich a écrit :
By proof-of-stake I meant Ethereum-like proof-of-*, that's the only one
that I have studied, it's presented as proof-of-stake and consumes a lot
of CPU. Now I take a closer look I realize that my proposal could fit in
the proof-of-stake definition. The closest idea that have been presented
to me is Algorand, do you know it? It seems much clever and
sophisticated than my proposal. I should be ashamed about that, but
therefore I think that my proposal can have some advantages of the KISS
DDoS is not enough for that, they need the private key of the node that
they have DDoS in order to claim the block. And they can't forge the
block as the very same block is calculated internally in every node,
blocks are not broadcast (only transactions), the fees and coins go to
the winning block (deposit address is linked to their reward-key, I
forgot to mention that, my bad). DDoS the node would just prevent it to
get its reward, but it can't be given to anyone else. And DDoS needs to
be done very fast, identify the IP of the winning node and DDoS before
it can broadcast a tiny "winning claim" packet, it's a difficult race to
win. In such case node admin would need to have a rescue IP or a VPN for
emergency broadcast.
DDoS on nodes that send transactions would be more harmful, if the
attacker can make it lag for about 55 seconds, it has a chance to fork
the network as the transactions can only reach half of the network in
the remaining 5 seconds, making it loose few minutes for self-healing
from "cacophony mode", and unjustly punish the victim node. In such case
of DDoS attack I suggest the node not to send any transaction until the
attack ends, queuing them, and wait to be back to normal to send it safely.
About the KISS principle of my proposal compared to Algorand I would
they that it gets rid of heuristic problems with an all-or-nothing
approach. Or the whole system works with only one blockchain head, or it
stops functioning in totality until bad nodes are purged if the chain is
forked ("cacophony mode"), and start over where we left off, where there
was only one and unique same blockchain for every node, and keep it that
way. Same for the heuristic detection, tweak, hack and fix of network
latency issues is too tedious, we get rid of the problem by banning
slow/miss-sychronised/malicious nodes, sorry for them, but I think it's
the price to pay to get a all-or-nothing certainty about the network
integrity. People invest millions in designing and producing ASICs for
Bitcoin, asking them for good QoS and synchronization sounds pretty
reasonable to me (and they get paid/rewarded for that). Scaling problem
are addressed by limiting the number of possible reward-keys (IMHO
thousands, or even tens of thousands maximum, but I'm not an expert, it
should be carefully studied and tested beforehand). Sybil attacks are
addressed by the fact that blocks are not broadcasted but computed
internally, so there is no way to contaminate any node with forged
blocks. No democratic voting system with node leaders and Byzantine
agreements as in Algorand, here it's a KISS totalitarian system without
leader, nodes are forced to speak with one voice, or nothing can be said
at all.
Thanks again for your reply, what do you think?

@_date: 2017-08-24 00:32:57
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof-of-key blockchain 
Le 24/08/2017 à 00:12, Camille Harang a écrit :
I forgot to mention that there is no heuristic approximation on how to
analyses the cacophony and identify bad nodes, in "cacophony mode" each
node downloads only one copy of each different forked block (not much
bandwith required) and their individual signatures of each reward-key
(few thousands, but very light network packets). So each node have the
very same integral snapshot of the entirety of the network state and
data, there is no heuristic guessing, pooling, randomizing, etc.
algorithm here, the very same algorithm is applied on every node with
the same data, so they get the very same strict resulting solution. The
solution is not to determine which block is valid, they all are invalid,
but to determine which node to ban for starting over with a cleaned network.
Thank you,

@_date: 2017-07-14 23:28:42
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Checkoin: physical crypto-cash 
Hi all, my name is Camille, I'm a senior software developer, as well as
freedom, privacy, and economical independence advocate. As a response to
the war on cash I have drafted a protocol allowing to create secure and
decentralized cash, physically carrying (or backed by) valuable assets.
Basically, it allows to manufacture physical packagings (containing
sealed assets), and exchange them safely from hand to hand between
untrusted people. The protocol authenticates the packaging integrity as
unique, non-duplicated, not counterfeited, not tampered with, not
unsealed, etc. thanks to several layers of verifications*. Until someone
decides to retrieve the asset by unsealing it, thus tossing/destroying
the packaging. It was first designed to exchange crypto-currencies cold
wallets like cash, but in practice it can carry any other type of
valuable information or transportable assets (gold nugget, medicine,
coupon, organic seeds, etc.). It is anonymous (no end-user
identification, no transaction, no wallet), network failure/censorship
resistant, open source and decentralized. The packagings manufacturing
is not part of the protocol, but left to the innovation of whomever aims
to run such a business (crypto startups, precious metal minters, etc.).
I've looked for people to review it, but hardly could find any with
skills and/or time to do so. Yesterday a friend of mine suggested me
this mailing list, so I try my luck in the hope of finding help for
reviewing, strategy advise and means to implement it.
Here is the website: Thank you very much,
* The technical aspect needs to be understood in details and as a whole.
But I know that it is repulsive and tedious, so I try here to synthesize
the basics. There are three main layers of verifications, first one is
geolocation (non mandatory, anonymous and optionally encrypted) in order
to detect duplicate UUID in circulation (distance and time would become
inconsistent, so the packaging identified as corrupted), second layer is
the display of information about the packaging provided by the
manufacturer (e.g. hologram check information, high resolution of the
packaging when manufactured with unique details such as random paint
splashes, etc.) and third layer is an optional cryptographic check if
the package comes with a microchip (recommended for packagings carrying
high value assets) which retrieves the public key of the microchip on
the blockchain and asks it to sign random data with the private key
present in the chip.

@_date: 2017-07-15 20:47:26
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Checkoin: physical crypto-cash 
Le 15/07/2017 à 17:59, Ron Garret a écrit :
Hi Ron, did you read the specifications? Please do, you'll see that the
case scenario you mention is very unlikely to happen, not to say
impossible. It's like having a genuine Golden Eagle gold coin in you
hand, there is almost 0% chance to be fake, because it's a Golden Eagle,
the technology (which also works for gold coins) guarantees you that the
coin is genuine.
Thank you,

@_date: 2017-07-15 21:18:41
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Checkoin: physical crypto-cash 
Le 15/07/2017 à 21:16, Ron Garret a écrit :
These are not genuine, the technology guarantees you that it is genuine.
Counterfeiters can't have Golden Eagle mint factory's private keys :-)

@_date: 2017-07-15 22:07:28
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Checkoin: physical crypto-cash 
Le 15/07/2017 à 17:59, Ron Garret a écrit :
Sorry I've read my answer again, I can see that it is not clear. When I
say that there is 0% chance that a Golden Eagle coin doesn't actually
contain the gold (aka written "SUCKER" on it), I talk about a genuine
Golden Eagle produced by the official mint factory, I'd like to see if
they took the risk of producing only one coin in their entire career
that doesn't contain the gold, I bet there is not, that's why I say 0%
chance. Of course fake Golden Eagle doesn't contain the gold, but the
technology detects it right away, to produce an official Golden Eagle
coin with its UUID registered on the blockchain you need to have access
to their official private key.
Please tell me if it's still unclear.

@_date: 2017-07-16 18:36:09
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Checkoin: physical crypto-cash 
Le 16/07/2017 à 18:10, Ron Garret a écrit :
Hi Ron, thanks for your reply. If the coin is not counterfeited ab
initio, then it contains wallet's the private key, and not "SUCKER". The
only way to get a coin with "SUCKER" instead of the wallet's private key
is to get a counterfeited coin, but all the purpose of the technology is
about detecting these counterfeited coins, so it can't happen, unless
there are bugs in the protocol, that's why I ask for help for reviewing
it. There are some weaknesses, with proposed fixes and workarounds, I'd
like to find better fixes, or other bugs to fix.
Thanks again,

@_date: 2017-07-16 22:13:29
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Checkoin: physical crypto-cash 
Hi Erik, thanks for your message. Signature is for authenticating the
origin, it's one part of the protocol, the other part ensures that it
hasn't been duplicated. Please take the time to read the specs, it's all
explained there. I already took the time to synthesize it the initial
post, I copy paste it here for convenience, but the big picture is in
the specs :
"There are three main layers of verifications, first one is geolocation
(non mandatory, anonymous and optionally encrypted) in order to detect
duplicate UUID in circulation (distance and time would become
inconsistent, so the packaging identified as corrupted), second layer is
the display of information about the packaging provided by the
manufacturer (e.g. hologram check information, high resolution of the
packaging when manufactured with unique details such as random paint
splashes, etc.) and third layer is an optional cryptographic check if
the package comes with a microchip (recommended for packagings carrying
high value assets) which retrieves the public key of the microchip on
the blockchain and asks it to sign random data with the private key
present in the chip."
Thank you,
Le 16/07/2017 à 17:10, erik a écrit :

@_date: 2017-07-17 01:35:33
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Checkoin: physical crypto-cash 
Hello again Ray,
Le 16/07/2017 à 23:33, Ray Dillinger a écrit :
Sorry Ray but I think you've missed the beginning of the thread, the
term "SUCKER" was used by Ron as an example, it was fun, nothing rude there.
Vulnerabilities have been pointed out in the past, and fixed, I
acknowledge them, I'm looking for them. We were simply clearing here
what we were talking about with Ron. It turns out that there were a
misunderstanding between a fake coin produced by a legit factory, and a
fake coin produce by a counterfeiter to imitate a legit factory. I think
we've cleared that point. We can safely say that legit factories are not
likely to produce fake coins (that's why we check signatures), and focus
on the second part of the protocol which is detecting fakes made by
counterfeiters that pretends to be produced by the legit factory.
Sure, I know it's not perfect, I've already improved it today, it's
never perfect. Sorry if I missed/overlooked some comments or make you
feel that I didn't want to hear any critics, I'm starving for them.
Of course it does check that it's the original copy :-) That's the whole
point of the protocol. I think you've missed previous posts, I bet
that's the source of our misunderstanding, I don't want to sound rude or
anything, I think everyone is doing their best here, just please take a
look at the previous posts (and the initial one), as well as the
Thank you very much,

@_date: 2017-07-17 10:22:04
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Checkoin: physical crypto-cash 
Le 17/07/2017 à 00:55, Bill Stewart a écrit :
Hello Bill, thank you for your reply and privacy concerns which are
crucial. As mention in the specs, there is nothing such as a user (nor
transaction, nor wallet) in the protocol, the network doesn't know who
is carrying the coin nor if it has changed hands. Also as mention above,
the first privacy "security" is that geolocation is non mandatory, no
one is forced to give away their location, the protocol works better if
they do (the person who's performing the check is usually the one in
good faith, their are likely to be OK with this, but if not it's OK),
and the geoloc data doesn't have to be accurate (algorithm's fuzzy
tolerance should IMHO be at the size of a city, but this have to be
discussed). Finally, this first layer of security is not there because
it is the best, but because it works with nowadays available hardware in
every people's hand, the end goal is to have at term only coins with
microchip (easily scanned with encrypted NFC, no need to plug on the
device not QR code scan) which makes the two first layers (geoloc and
manual check) obsolete, thus no geolocation needed anymore, it's an
incremental approach about technology improvement over the years, taking
in account available hardware, manufacturing constraints and average
user's ease to use it. What do you think?
Thank you,

@_date: 2017-07-19 22:05:56
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Checkoin: physical crypto-cash 
Hi all, it seems that this answer wasn't delivered, I post it again.
-------- Message transféré --------
Sujet : 	Re: [Cryptography] Checkoin: physical crypto-cash
Date : 	Mon, 17 Jul 2017 01:19:13 +0200
De : 	Camille Harang Pour : 	cryptography at metzdowd.com
Hi Ray, thank you for your reply and questions.
All the techniques you talk about are great, they can be added into the
second layer of verification to enforce it. The cash you are talking
about had no intrinsic value while the one proposed by Checkoin carries
it inside the packaging, it is not an arbitrary promise from a
government, you have it in your hand (cold storage crypto-wallet, gold
nugget, etc.). The cash you talk about is centralized, there is no
economical freedom, everyone is dependent of a central bank, with
Checkoin anyone can start to produce banknotes with intrinsic value, and
anyone on earth can accept them safely with one simple scan, even if
they see it for the first time. Cash is disappearing, banks and
governments are at war on cash, because they can track it, they want
everyone to use Visa and MasterCard, cash protects our privacy, if
governments kills cash, we'll have to produce our own decentralized
cash, here is the technology to do it. Checkoin is not only about cash,
but about many counterfeiting use cases (medicine, rare stamps, organic
seeds, artwork, etc.), it provides them anti-counterfeiting capabilities
at the same time as it allows them to be used as a medium of exchange
(like cash, as the application displays their integrity along with
real-time marketplace value). These are not really more expensive to
produce than central banks' cash, not to say the same (even microchips
produced in large series can be very cheap).
Here is what I think about right now at the top of my head regarding
your question, does it answer it?
Thanks again for taking the time to look at the project,
Le 17/07/2017 à 00:12, Ray Dillinger a écrit :

@_date: 2017-10-03 17:01:20
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Crypto basic income 
Hi, you might be interested in Duniter, a basic income cryptocurrency:
Le 24/09/2017 à 18:41, Guilherme Campos a écrit :

@_date: 2017-09-05 14:28:08
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anti-counterfeiting microchip 
Hello, I would like to propose a solution for authenticating physical
goods that are subject to counterfeiting (gold coins, medicine,
banknotes, artwork, organic seeds, collector's stamps, vintage wine,
etc.). It would come in the form of a cryptographic microchip sealed by
the manufacturer into the object to be authenticated, or into its
packaging if the object is too small (packaging must irreversibly
damaged once opened). The printed circuit would include a microchip able
to make cryptographic signatures and communicate via NFC, and small
battery (rechargeable via USB when empty).
When sealed into the object the microchip self-generates a cryptographic
keypair. The manufacturer retrieves the public key from the microchip
(the private key can't be communicated outside of the chip by any mean),
generates a record data describing the object along with its microchip's
public key, signs it, and records the data on a blockchain (dedicated or
existing, not decided yet).
When anyone wants to authenticate the origin and the uniqueness of such
an object, they just need to place their smartphone near the object, then:
1 - A compatible smartphone app retrieves the public key of the
microchip via NFC.
2 - The app retrieves the corresponding data previously recorded by the
manufacturer from the blockchain.
3 - The app authenticates the manufacturer and its signature of the data
4 - The app extracts the public key of the microchip from the data record.
5 - The app send random data to the microchip via NFC to be signed.
6 - The microchip signs the provided random data with its corresponding
private key and sends the signature back to the app via NFC.
7 - The app checks the signature, and displays information to the user
regarding the fact that the microchip and the manufacturer passed the
test, or not.
That's it. I think this kind of technology could be very useful in
various domains, I would like to develop it as an open, patent free and
decentralized standard. I need help and advise for that, can you help me?
Thank you very much,
PS: The microchip functionalities could be extended, e.g. carrying
cryptocurrencies cold wallets (a bit similar too This technology is a simplified version of my main project
 which allows to reach the same goal with low-tech
solutions (but more complicated to implement, I cannot find any help,
TLTR I guess…), more info about physical cryptocurrencies cold wallets
exchangeable like cash on the site. See also:

@_date: 2017-09-06 14:25:12
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anti-counterfeiting microchip 
Le 05/09/2017 à 18:37, Ron Garret a écrit :
Hello Ron, thank you very much for this link, it's very encouraging to
see that people are already working on this. My proposals trigger so low
enthusiasm that I feel my ideas are stupid or useless, so seeing that
other people have the same idea is very motivating. However my
motivation is to facilitate monetary independence to the people,
allowing physical assets to be used like cash by everyone with ease and
trust, so I think that I will integrate this existing solution in
 and focus on the monetary aspect. I will also
contact Chronicled to see if they can be interested in Checkoin's
low-tech layers and monetary aspects. If anyone is interested in
participate in this please feel to contact me.
Thanks again,

@_date: 2017-09-06 14:33:36
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anti-counterfeiting microchip 
Le 06/09/2017 à 01:29, Jerry Leichter a écrit :
Hello Jerry, thanks for your reply. Yes indeed there are serious
tracking issues with this kind of technologies. My motivation is to make
transportable goods usable as cash, as they are exchanged from hand to
hand they are less subject to tracking people than the same technology
being present in an objects people keep with them all year long. The
monetary emancipation that I look for is positive for privacy, but yes
indeed it should not undermine other aspects of privacy.

@_date: 2017-09-06 14:45:25
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anti-counterfeiting microchip 
Hi Bernard, thanks for your reply.
Le 05/09/2017 à 20:40, Bertrand Mollinier Toublet a écrit :
Yes but if I understand correctly NFC IDs can be copied, right?
Interesting, how come the RFID wasn't cloneable? What guarantees this?
My problem is to make physical goods usable like cash, for monetary
emancipation, same as Bitcoin, but for the physical world. Make such
exchanges easy and secure for everyone. I've developed a project for
that  I was just trying to simplify it with
electronic-only solutions (low tech layers seems tedious to grasp), but
as it turns out to already be on its way with Chronicled, I think that
I'll see how to merge it with my existing project.
If anyone is interested in developing this kind of solutions please
contact me.
Thank you,

@_date: 2017-09-07 13:52:07
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anti-counterfeiting microchip 
Le 05/09/2017 à 18:37, Ron Garret a écrit :
I got no reply from them, but I chatted with some lonely newcomers like
me on their Slack who where looking for the project's team. Apparently
there is no more activity since April… :-/ Anyway, I still feel that
there is something to dig in that direction, still open for help.

@_date: 2017-09-07 15:11:36
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anti-counterfeiting microchip 
Le 07/09/2017 à 00:29, Tom Mitchell a écrit :
Hello Tom, thank you for your reply and all this pertinent extra
information. Yes low or high tech tracking is a big issue! But I think
that the first threat towards privacy is central banking, tracking is an
extension of this initial power they have with their monopoly over money
creation. So I think that privacy issues regarding these technologies
should be addressed and mastered, instead of preventing us to act. The
question here is decentralization, these techs will be deployed anyway,
the question is will they be deployed by the people for the people, or
by central powers. If it is by central powers we will have no control on
privacy, nor monetary independence. If it is by we the people, we will
have monetary independence, and imperfect but IMHO manageable control
over privacy abuse.
On the Checkoin specs ( there is an extra layer of
reputation system, it is optional, but it can help in many privacy case.
Because it's Open Source and decentralized the users have the freedom to
chose their tech (or make their own), so they will likely choose to use
the apps, coins, cashiers, stores, etc. that will display the best
privacy score on their screens (because they are being audited for that
by third party services), this freedom of choice would never happen if
such technologies are forced upon us in a coercive manner by central
powers, they would force the most intrusive technologies upon people, as
always. IMHO we have no choice but to take the bull by the horns.
I agree with you about central powers will to get rid of cash, that's
also why I believe that if cash is a problem for them, it's a solution
for us (if we control it). The $10000 limit you mention is a clear
signal about this war on cash, they will lower it until its use become
worthless, until it vanishes. Here in Europe it's even worth, the limit
has been lowered so many times that it's under €300 in Italy now IIRC.
Yes indeed access cost to be able to use such technologies will always
be higher than with cash. But I don't see how we can make something
dencentralized and secure without tech :-/
This RFID device you mention is very interesting, does it exist or did
you invent it? Yes indeed in case of NFC/RFID with cryptographic checks,
there must be power supplied, that's why I suggested a battery that
could be charged with standard micro-USB plugs, if it can last few month
I think it can remain convenient, otherwise people wont use it. Or
power+communication be done via USB, then we get rid of power problems
and distant spying, if the act of plugging the device is not too
difficult (not harder that scanning a banknote under a blacklight as
cashiers already do), I think it can be useful. Here is a fictional
printed circuit microchip that was originally designed for Checkoin:
Yes indeed I also believe that there must be special cases where this
notion has value. Thanks for your feedback, thanks to get involved or
spread the word if you believe this can be useful, I'd really like to
see this tech in the hand of the people.

@_date: 2017-09-07 15:19:26
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anti-counterfeiting microchip 
Le 06/09/2017 à 20:30, Bertrand Mollinier Toublet a écrit :
Hello Bertrand, thanks for your reply, this is very interesting. Is this
technology accessible for middle size companies? Is it patented? My goal
being to provide a popular and decentralized technology, I'd like to
know if it can avoid technological centralization and pauperization.
Thanks again!

@_date: 2017-09-11 15:28:31
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] KissChain 
Hello everyone, I'd like to present you KissChain, a technical proposal
for getting rid of tedious issues related to proof-of-stakes
blockchains, instead of solving them, by following the KISS principle
(Keep It Stupid, Simple). It is a rework of my previous "proof-of-key"
proposal, which happened to be more like a KISS proof-of-stake. I've set
up a dedicated page, here: Please tell me what you think, and if anyone would be interested in
implementing it let me know.
Thank you,
 KissChain KissChain is a technical proposal for getting rid of tedious issues
related to proof-of-stakes blockchains, instead of solving them, by
following the KISS principle (Keep It Stupid, Simple).
The first issue are the sophisticated but imperfect heuristics used to
workaround network inconsistencies inherent to P2P networks, caused by
accidental or malicious behaviors from participating nodes. KissChain
does not tolerate such inconsistencies, nodes are rewarded for matching
the network's requirements, or banned. In case of inconsistency the
whole network is down, entering "cacophony mode", it is then forced to
identify with certainty bad nodes, ban them, and starts over minting the
chain from where it was before the inconsistency happened. There are no
sophisticated tricks and tweaks to continue minting the blockchain
despite problems inherent to P2P networks, but a strong all-or-nothing
heuristic KISS signal that needs to be dealt with right away with no
mercy by the totality of the network.
The second issue is the selection of blockchain forks candidates.
KissChain blocks are not broadcast to the network, so there is no block
head to choose from. All nodes compute the very same block at the very
same time internally, which is made possible by the requirements
mentioned in the first point.
In order to participate in minting new blocks and receive transaction
fees, nodes need to purchase/register reward-keypair(s) on the
blockchain (1). Buying/registering a new reward-key on the blockchain is
like buying new rig hardware, the more there is on a node, the more the
chances to win new block discovery is high. Where the proof-of-work
secures the network by the physical constraint of computing power, here
it is secured by the physical constraint of having access to a private key.
For each new block, a simple checksum hash needs to be computed
internally by every nodes at the same time, it is made of the previous
head block's nonce appended by the ordered sum of outgoing transactions'
addresses (2), it must have the same length in bits as the
pubic-reward-keys (e.g. 256 bits), the public-reward-key that is the
closest to this hash is the winner (LSH-like nearest neighbor matching).
The node that happens to be the winner (who owns the corresponding
private-reward-key) has to claim the block by signing the totality of
its data (block's head index on the chain, ordered transactions in full,
plus its reward transaction) and broadcast its claim for other nodes to
validate and add it to their blockchain's head. If the block is not
claimed, it can be for multiple reasons, blockchain fork (nodes not
working on the very same block of transactions because of accidental or
malicious cacophony), network latency, or simply the wining node being
down. But these cases can be dealt with securely, as explained below.
In order to make sure that every node of the network is working on the
very same block of transactions at the very same time, some rigorous
synchronization has to be set up, with carrot and stick for the
participating nodes. First thing is to prevent transactions from being
constantly broadcast. Otherwise, because of propagation delay, the data
of the new block would always be in an inconsistent state among the
different nodes. As the delay for having data propagated to 99% of a P2P
network appears to be about 40 seconds (3), an arbitrary "pulse window"
of 20 seconds is set up for nodes to initiate the broadcast of their
transactions (they need to synchronize at startup via NTP), followed by
40 seconds of retention of new transactions (meanwhile these new
transactions are being queued in each node, waiting for the next pulse),
for letting the time to all the transactions to reach the totality of
the network. Therefore, there is one broadcast pulse every minute (20+40
seconds), as well as one new block. If any node do not play the game
(wrongdoing, miss-configuration, bad QoS, etc.) that triggers "cacophony
mode", the network will have to identify and ban them (4) at the next
pulse. On the other hand, nodes that provide good synchronization, QoS,
etc. will be rewarded by receiving a part of the fees of the
transactions that they have initially broadcast. To do so, transactions
and their entry node need to identify each other reciprocally. Each
transaction identifies the entry node chosen for broadcast, as well as
the node signs the transaction (or preferably a whole transactions'
batch in a single network packet). Node identification is done via one
of its reward-key(s).
If some transactions are sent too late, not reaching the totality
(99.9%) of the network (likely to be initially broadcast around the 55th
second, just before the end of the 20+40 seconds pulse, instead of the
dedicated initial 20 seconds pulse window, because of intentional
cacophony malice or miss-configuration, bad QoS being more unlikely for
such a long lag), then the blockchain's working head will be forked into
multiple heads. Therefore, the probability of finding the next block
will be divided by the number of different forked heads (proportionally
to the respective number of nodes working on each forked head). In a an
arbitrary case scenario where the blockchain gets forked into 3 equally
distributed heads, each representing 33.3% of the nodes, the respective
chances to find each of these 3 different forked blocks is divided by 3
(for each forked head block there is a 66.6% chance that the winning
reward-key is working on another block, therefore won't claim it). Thus,
after 2 or 3 iteration pulses (or even only one), the entirety of the
network will find the block discovery/validation rate dramatically drop,
which will trigger a strong heuristic signal for every nodes, that will
make them to enter "cacophony mode". Then, nodes stop to emit
transactions, and broadcast the blocks they are working on after the
cacophony was detected (and maybe one or two blocks before that, as an
uncertainty margin), as well as the signature of the block's hash by one
of their reward-key(s) (5). Then, after few seconds/minutes, all the
nodes will have gathered a reference copy of all different versions of
blocks being worked on, along with the number of times they have been
signed (a.k.a in which proportions a specific version of a block were
spread amongst the network). All nodes now have the same complete and
accurate snapshot of the total topology and consistency the network, few
blocks backward from the blockchain's head, before the fork happened. No
sophisticated heuristics nor heterogeneous statistical guessing need to
be made here, nodes can simply and independently compare blocks with the
very same algorithm, very same data and find the very same result.
Whitelisting every nodes that had their transactions registered on every
blocks (meaning they were broadcast on time), baning those that are on
some blocks but not other popular ones (6), therefore the network
self-heals by purging bad nodes, and resume mining by rolling back to
the last block that was mined before the cacophony started.
In the case of a node entering "cacophony mode" because being in the
fringe of the network or out-of-sync (thus not receiving transactions on
proper time), other nodes won't be in "cacophony mode", so the node will
find itself lonely by not receiving any/enough different block versions
(along with their signed hashes), therefore it will know that there is
no cacophony, but bad QoS or configuration, this will need to be fixed
by resync NTP, re-configure, change peers, sys-admin intervention, etc.
They'll have to catch up quickly not to miss their chance to win a block
In the case of a block not being claimed because of the winner node
being down or under DDoS attack (7), the network would enter in
"cacophony mode" as well, but figure out that it is consistent,
therefore simply blacklisting the winning public-reward-key of the
unclaimed block, until it gets unlocked by a dedicated "unlock message",
signed with its corresponding private-reward-key when the node gets back
1) In order to allow initial reward-key purchases, some coins need to be
available at first (e.g. a fraction of pre-minted coins sold for
development funding, or any other solution). The cost for registering a
reward-key must be at least the number of coins rewarded for minting a
new block, in order to prevent their exponential number. This price
should be adjusted between making it dissuasive to register malicious
nodes, keeping the number of nodes large enough for having a really
decentralized P2P network, and small enough for it to remain consistent
(probably a few thousands). A special transaction has to be sent for
purchasing a reward-key, unlike when simply spending coins with
outgoing/incoming wallet addresses, here the node sends it
self-generated public-reward-key (needless to say while keeping the
private key private) along with the coins, in return the network makes
the coins available again to minters as "orphaned coins" for the new
block discovery, and register the new public-reward-key on the
blockchain. A reward-key can be replaced by a new (or predefined) one if
it is suspected by the owner to be corrupted/stolen. New coins being
rewarded or reimbursed should first come from the "orphaned coins pool"
if not empty, otherwise they should be newly created. The available
monetary mass may inflate or shrink depending of the market demand for
reward-keys (minting) or liquidity, this policy should be discussed and
algorithmically adjusted in the specs (e.g. "orphaned coins pool" cannot
represent more than 10% of the minted coins).
2) Outgoing transaction's addresses are used for the checksum because
they cannot be forged on-the-fly to alter the resulting hash. Otherwise
using full transactions for calculating the "winning hash", nodes could
try to forge and inject one transaction at the last second, playing with
decimals to get the closest result to one of their public-reward-key.
4) Quarantine duration should be incremental for each ban, e.g.: 3h,
12h, 72h, 2 weeks, 4 months, one year, etc.
5) Any node signing more than one different block for the same head
number will be banned (4) and its data ignored.
6) In "cacophony mode" marginal blocks that are not widespread and
lacking transactions number should be ignored, they are more likely to
be on the fringe of the network, not having received some transactions
on time because of QoS-like issues.
7) In case of DDoS attack, the victim node should stop broadcasting
transactions until the attack stops, not to be wrongfully banned for
broadcast lag. In case of block discovery reward, if the price of the
coin worth it, node admins should anticipate such cases by setting up
rescue IP(s) and/or VPN, this foresight might be considered part of the
KissChain QoS requirements. Or, as all nodes compute the same data,
nodes could be cloned with the same reward-key(s), as ghosts or active
nodes, to relieve each other in case of an attack.
- Camille Harang
- Karl Semich
- Natanael L

@_date: 2017-09-14 15:45:00
@_author: Camille Harang 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anti-counterfeiting microchip 
Le 13/09/2017 à 18:46, Bertrand Mollinier Toublet a écrit :
Hi Bertrand, thanks for your honesty, idealism is a long term plan, I
stick to it! Anyway PUF is not ideal because the main advantage compared
to the microchip is not to require Internet connection, but I still need
it for realtime market price, so… It also seems to require power supply,
so not much advantages yet compared to microchip. Thanks for the great
source of information!
