
@_date: 2009-01-02 18:30:07
@_author: Marcus Brinkmann 
@_subject: A History of U.S. Communications Security 
I like the informal style of the document, it's an easy read, even if
one is not an intelligence buff.  In the first volume, all but the first
and last chapters are redacted (what is left is an introduction and
TEMPEST).  The second volume is more intact, and has some history DES,
and a view on public key cryptography before affordable general
computers.  Certainly other things of which I don't realize the
Some of the redactions may be easily guessable, I fancy "iron curtain",
"embassy", and later "Russia" on page 97.  Why do they even bother?
This would be a good exercise for some student to write a program doing
a dictionary attack on the text using the properties of the used font.
The last page has a puzzle, an "innocent text system" (steganography).
Didn't solve it yet, but I think I found the clue, a misspelling of "be
advised" to "he advised".

@_date: 2009-01-12 13:20:34
@_author: Marcus Brinkmann 
@_subject: MD5 considered harmful today, SHA-1 considered harmful tomorrow 
On the other hand, compared to many other aspects of our security
infrastructure, even MD5 does quite well.  Of course, that is not meant
to be taken as an excuse.  I agree with your call to have smooth
transition systems to go from one cipher to another, but when to make
the transition is a difficult decision to make.
It seems to me they are only provided to protect against transmission
errors, and they are fine for that.  Otherwise, it would be a more
serious mistake to transfer them in-band.  Security is a spectrum.

@_date: 2009-03-02 17:35:20
@_author: Marcus Brinkmann 
@_subject: X.509 certificate overview + status 
Welcome to the club!
Ubuntu comes with dumpasn1.  There are also quite a few libraries.
You should be aware of Peter Gutmann's style guide:

@_date: 2009-03-04 11:29:20
@_author: Marcus Brinkmann 
@_subject: Judge orders defendant to decrypt PGP-protected laptop 
In this particular case, the border guard already saw the supposedly
incriminating documents, but they failed to properly secure the evidence (the
picture on the laptop) at that time.   When they shut down the laptop, the
evidence was locked down by the encryption due to the removal of the
encryption key from RAM.  Securing digital evidence is a big problem for law
So, if the defense then discloses a different encryption drive with only
kitten and puppy pictures, they will be in very big trouble, as there is
already testimony that other files exist.
The defense is asked to produce the documents in question.  I don't know much
about the legal bells and whistles that apply to such a case, but here are
some ideas:
* Maybe the defense could ask the prosecution to describe which pictures they
want to have in particular, and the defense can make a case to just produce
those particular pictures.  However, the prosecution can probably just demand
to produce all files within particular folders, which are easier to recall and
more likely to hit something interesting.
* Maybe the defense can argue that they lost the password and thus access to
the document.  They'd better make a convincing argument that they really can
not recover it.  It would be great if that argument is tied to the police
confiscating the equipment.  Maybe the password  was written in invisible ink
on the laptop and needs to be rewritten every day or it washes away...
* I wonder if it may not be a better strategy to reveal the password and then
argue that the pornography is legal or widely available on the internet,
supposing it really is just generic internet porn.  OTOH, some material may be
legal only in some countries.
A couple of consequences:
* The safest thing to do is to do a clean operating system install before
* If you use encryption, shut it down before crossing the border.
* Computers have too many documents in a single, easily accessible location.
If the files were more dispersed, the defense might be able to weasel out by
producing fewer documents.  Nobody would bring a meter-high stack of porn
magazines from Amsterdam in their luggage, but with cheap mass storage it's a
different situation.
Also, this information is easily explorable by everyone using the file
manager.  Maybe hierarchical organization is not the best way to store such
documents.  A searchable database that limits the number of results may offer
some protection against "stumbling over something interesting".
* Online storage may be an attractive solution for border crossing without
leaving documents at home.  The internet is a big smuggling ring that easily
avoids border guards.

@_date: 2009-05-27 12:51:34
@_author: Marcus Brinkmann 
@_subject: consulting question.... 
You should be able to confirm all these details with sources, and it sounded
like a plausible story.  However, it also sounds like they are shifting the
burden of proof.  Shouldn't they convince "you" (whoever they make the DRM
for) that their system is working?  Have we really reached a situation where
non-experts believe that DRM works until proven otherwise?  That seems an
extraordinary marketing success of the sellers of DRM technology, because it
stands against a mountain of evidence in the history of computing.
Maybe also introduce the logic Cory Doctorow gave in his Microsoft talk (not
sure who first came up with this "proof"). It's not a decisive argument from a
business perspective, as it ignores simple economics (see John Gilmore's
remark).  But it reverses the logic of DRM and puts burden of proof firmly
where it belongs.

@_date: 2009-11-04 01:55:59
@_author: Marcus Brinkmann 
@_subject: Security of Mac Keychain, Filevault 
I think we have a problem of the Wittgenstein type here.
We don't know what's meant by "good" or "broken easily" here.  Again and again
this is true: In the absence of a threat model it is useless to evaluate a
(in)security claim.
I don't get it.  You posted an article that makes no verifiable claim, and the
response was an appropriate shoulder shrug with a possible interpretation of
what the claim was supposed to be.  That's the best we can possibly do.  Had
you asked a different question you would have gotten a different answer.  I
don't think you will find many people here who would not agree that more
information and cryptanalysis of filevault and keychain would be good to have.

@_date: 2009-10-26 10:32:46
@_author: Marcus Brinkmann 
@_subject: Security of Mac Keychain, File Vault 
The last page of the article has references and this:
"MacMarshal. The best Mac tool I ve seen so far, it is right now the number 1
Mac tool. MacMarshall can parse user account information , Address Book,
Safari, iChat, and can even crack File Vault. This is free to Law Enforcement."
But on another page we find:
"Cracking FileVault is a bit of a misnomer. As of this writing, here is not a
known flaw in the 128 bit AES encryption that is being used. When attempting
to open a FileVault encrypted Home directory, there are two methods which can
be used:
Brute Force
Brute Force with a dictionary attack
Much faster utilities such as crowbarDMG and Mac Marshal are now available
which will give you speeds Spartan will never attain in its current form."
So, this seems to be all about dictionary attacks.
More troublesome is the claim by the forensic expert that the best tool to
analyze a mac filesystem is a mac, which he just proclaimed as insecure.  This
calls for a disaster: A trojan that targets forensic examiners...

@_date: 2009-09-30 16:58:50
@_author: Marcus Brinkmann 
@_subject: Unexpected side-effects 
Not a new idea, although I don't know where I heard it the first time.
Probably off-topic for this list, but this doesn't make much sense to me, as
such non-logging implementations likely will be just as illegal as notifying
the client of the change, which seems an overall better solution if you are
willing to break the law (provided you can hide the notification from
authorities).  [In Germany, means of surveillance are required by law, as is
record keeping].
Getting back on topic, cryptographically speaking, it's also quite possible to
just monitor all ingoing and outcoming traffic and correlate one with the
other.  Preventing this is not easy, even if encryption is used.
Maybe, and this would be a major confirmation that TPM actually works at any
non-trivial scale.  I can't see it, though.
