
@_date: 2017-02-28 22:19:13
@_author: Michael Marking 
@_subject: [Cryptography] jammers, nor not 
I wouldn't be surprised if we spent more time and energy keeping
secrets from the American people, than we spend on keeping them
from the Russians.
WRT the generators, on some aircraft the generator in the cage is
powered by (non-conducting) hydraulic fluid pumped in from the
outside. In those cases, however, the main purpose of caging the
electronics is for EMP shielding, some types of which have
similarities to the shielding used to prevent escaping signals. In
both cases, when cages are used, one goal is to attenuate the
currents induced in the inner (or outer) layers (depending on which
direction you're going). It is possible that another goal of the
shielding in the Lockheed building was protection against EMP.
(Maybe "flight simulator" was a cover story.)
I was once working inside a Faraday cage used for qualifying and
for testing avionics. This was not the kind of cage a naive
engineer without experience would construct. Nevertheless, inside,
the spectrograph showed distinct peaks from outside AM and FM radio
and broadcast TV stations. It's hard and expensive to construct a
good cage. There exist "active" cages, raising the bar still higher.
Even black holes leak Hawking radiation.
For that reason, although I realize that the suggestions about
aluminum foil are tongue-in-cheek -- although someone might sell
cheap solutions to a gullible public (an opportunity!) -- a serious
military-grade solution isn't going to be trivial or low in cost.
The equipment to test and to verify a solution is, by itself, a
major budget item.

@_date: 2017-03-29 23:27:55
@_author: Michael Marking 
@_subject: [Cryptography] stegophone (was: escalating threats to privacy) 
Sadly, the hardware is a big problem. No one as far as I know makes
phones with a separate, isolated, unlocked computer side. The closest
thing would be to start with Replicant on a Galaxy S2 or S3, which
would have the advantage of looking pretty innocuous and ordinary.
Add an encrypted file system which looks like an uninitialized
partition or memory chip, and so on.
Ultimately, however, I can't see how to make this undetectable without
somehow booting off an external device, and the boot on those devices
is a closed program. Sooner or later, whoever makes the gadgets for the
TSA or cops or whoever comes around to demand your phone would add some
kind of detector for these stegophones. Someone would have to develop
boot firmware to give this a remote chance of being "safe", so the user
wouldn't be discoverable or would at least have plausible deniability.
This isn't really different from my laptops, which are encrypted but
without an external boot device (USB drive or whatever) I can't hide
the fact that they are encrypted. Yes, with something like VeraCrypt
I can hide an encrypted drive inside a drive, but I can't prove that
there is no drive hidden within. Turtles all the way down, I believe.
Going across the border is one thing (you usually have advance notice)
but getting stopped by cops or border police inside or outside the
country is unpredictable. This makes even an external boot device a
little problematic.
This is a problem I haven't seen addressed, even by people like
But it's a great idea, I'd love to see it implemented, and I'd sign up
for some part of it myself.
Ideas come to mind, but none practical. Perhaps what we need is some
kind of FIPS-140 phone innards.
This is a hard problem, that sounds like it might be only a little less
hard with lots of money for hardware. It almost sounds as if it would
be easier if we could convince someone to make the necessary h/w
features common and cheap, like a UEFI boot or something, but usable
for some "normal" purpose, so that if you had such a phone no one would
know if you bought it to run a decoy system & app alongside the real
one. If EVERYONE had one, then they wouldn't stand out.
Maybe the Russians would make one for us, in cooperation with the
Chinese. (Yes, they Russians are now selling cell phones in Europe,
but I don't know where they're made.)
The two-key app suggested by John Denker, though, is a nearly flawless
idea if you make the decoy key trigger suicide: if you enter the wrong
passphrase, then the memory is scrambled, and you have to restore from
backup. If we were to have a running backup by sending (encrypted)
updates to some server, the damage from most attacks would consist
mainly of having to restore the phone once and if it were returned to
you. I just can't see how to protect it from a clever attack with probes
and clock generators and refrigerants and such, and I can't see how to
make it undetectable.
Does someone know how to make an Android virus or trojan which will
do this? Then we wouldn't even need to explain how we came to have the
suicide app on our phones. "I just downloaded this app and the phone
has been funny ever since..."
