
@_date: 2006-12-22 21:23:03
@_author: Matthias Bruestle 
@_subject: How important is FIPS 140-2 Level 1 cert? 
That's interesting. I would have expected to revise things like that for
I had a talk with a FIPS-140 lab. I have been told, that undocumented
wording has to be used that only the labs know. The FIPS-140 is to me a
obscure process. And btw. the lab told me, that "they" don't want to
have called it a "certification" (despite getting a certificate), but a

@_date: 2007-01-08 12:48:55
@_author: Matthias Bruestle 
@_subject: secure CRNGs and FIPS (Re: How important is FIPS 140-2 Level 
CC has very good points. One of the best points is IMO the ST/PP concept
which encourages to think what to protect against what. And I do think
that most of the CC documents are helpful. But some, esp. these which
occupy the most paper, are IMO not worth their effort. These are the
low- and high-level design. They are meant to be the link between
specification and implementation, but I am sure that there are simpler
ways to show the link. And my experience is that these two documents do
not change the product in any way.

@_date: 2007-01-09 16:45:46
@_author: Matthias Bruestle 
@_subject: Private Key Generation from Passwords/phrases 
I am thinking about this since last night. On the web I haven't found
much and I want to go in a different direction as I have found.
Say I want to have 112bit security, i.e. as secure as 3DES. For this I
would choose (as everybody writes) 224bit ECC (or Tipsy Curve
Cryptosystem/TCC as I prefer, because the European Citizen Card is also
called ECC officially). With the Passwords I would have to provide so
much entropy, that a bruteforce attack needs as much time as 3DES to get
the same security. (Higher value of ECC key ignored.)
When I look at benchmarks ratio of the number of 3DES operations and of
point multiplications is about 4000:1, so I have gained here about 2^12
bits. (Processing of Password with a hash function is so fast that it
can be ignored unless the procession is artificially extended.) I am
aware that a DES unit is cheaper than an ECC unit and that for DES there
are special implementations for key search possible, so the gain might
be even more.
Lets assume the key is only very seldom regenerated. Then we could add a
short fragment of real entropy to the passwords and throw it away after
our first key generation. If a point multiplication takes around 4ms
then we can brute force on one day 2^24 keys. So if the user is willing
to wait for one day for his key recreation than he can add 3 random
bytes to his passwords and throw them away.
If we add this together, than we have already 2^36 bits of security from
our goal of 2^112 bits. The remaining necessary entropy is then 2^76
bits which would have then to be provided by the passwords/phrase. That
means the necessary length is reduced by about one third.
What do you think about this?

@_date: 2007-01-15 11:31:41
@_author: Matthias Bruestle 
@_subject: Private Key Generation from Passwords/phrases 
Please omit all "2^" besides in the "2^24". This should make you feel
What we are interested in is time (e.g. "secure until 20XX"), not
entropy. After all we are all in a physical world, also the computers.
But for entropy we can buy time. Because physical world changes things
have to be redone, e.g. DES -> 3DES -> AES -> ... . So 30 years ago a
bit of entropy bought you much time, now not so much anymore. But
despite that with the system described in my email the figures don't
have to be redone every year. Because the computers (in the physical
world) get faster each year the time to bruteforce 3DES and 224bit-ECC
gets lower. The relation stays (mostly) the same. The only thing which
really changes is the time a user has to wait for recreating his key,
which gets lower and lower. He certainly has no problem with that.
Maybe you should take James Donald as an inspiring example for you. He
raised a valid point, the offline attack using the generally available
public key.

@_date: 2007-01-23 16:38:17
@_author: Matthias Bruestle 
@_subject: Private Key Generation from Passwords/phrases 
Thank you.
I know there are likely some shifts. Hence I wrote "The relation stays
(mostly) the same." But in my opinion these shifts are minimal compared
to all the other uncertainties, e.g.:
- How long does the protected secret/signature be ok?
- How well is your adversary funded?
- How much entropy has the passphrase really?
- How much is the general speed increase in the next 20 years?
- ...
If you calculate your bits without safety margin, then next year AMD
could add a 3DES unit to an CPU, the speed ratio is 40000:1 and you're
busted. (Because of the hardware friendly design of DES I would say a
faster 3DES is easier to get than a faster ECC.)
My assumption is that the passphrase is properly processed, i.e. nicely
hashed. So an attacker has to go through this process if he wants to
exploit the reduced entropy of the passphrase and (at least) I see no
way how to exploit this reduced entropy then to help algorithms like
Pollard's rho/lambda to speed up the computation. The attacker may use
any point multiplication method he wants to use. (Jacobian, modified
Jacobian, NAF, windowing, ...)
An attacker would have to perform 2^100 (ECC)work, because the ratio
accounts in my calculation only for 2^12 steps. The other 2^24 is a
thrown away 24bit random.
The parameters can be changed as needed. A day can be ok for one
purpose, e.g. for key recovery, while it is not ok for a different
purpose, e.g. recreation of the private key for each decryption. In the
later case the passphrase has to contain more entropy.
Regarding passphrase entropy: Getting entropy into a rememberable
passphrase is a related, but completely different problem.

@_date: 2007-01-23 16:00:11
@_author: Matthias Bruestle 
@_subject: "Free WiFi" man-in-the-middle scam seen in the wild. 
A German bank had the same problem. After some discussions without
positive results I wrote an article about SSL problems for a large
German IT magazine and described their situation. A short time after
they changed the login page to https.

@_date: 2008-09-18 16:58:20
@_author: Matthias Bruestle 
@_subject: once more, with feeling. 
We had here in Germany this problem with many banks. Describing the
problem to them did not help. Writing an article for a large German
computer magazine about this problem did help.
E.g. Commerzbank and ING-DiBa now uses https for all web services.
Others like Sparkasses have a login button which leads to the SSL
protected login fields. (These are samples for the current good state.
Don't remember if all these banks had the problem before my article.)
