
@_date: 2003-08-27 13:01:59
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: traffic analysis (was: blackmail / stego) 
While IANL, it seems that the whole anonymity game has a flaw that doesn't even require a totalitarian regime. I would direct you to the various laws in the US (to pick a random example :) regarding conspiracy. Subscribing to an anonymity service might not become illegal, but if anyone in your "crowd" was performing an illegal action you may be guilty of conspiracy to commit this action.  You were explicitly trying to assist someone to avoid lawful detection of illegal activity, therefore you are in danger of being charged with conspiracy to commit the illegal act (even if the overt act was never successfully completed, which is where things could get really surreal for the remailer/crowds/proxy groups.) It is also worth noting that the burden of proof in a conspiracy trial is substantially lower than for other cases...

@_date: 2003-08-28 23:55:11
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Conspiracy to hide bits (was: traffic analysis) 
Check out a better source (specifically 18 U.S.C. 371), or - a person may become a member of a conspiracy without knowing the details of the unlawful scheme or the names or identities of the other alleged conspirators, if you have an understanding of the unlawful nature of a plan (e.g. let's get together with lots of other people to make it harder for the RIAA to track p2p music sharing and thwart the DMCA) and willfully joins that plan on on occasion (e.g. fire up your Kazaa++ client) then that is sufficient to convict him for conspiracy, even though he had not participated before or only played a minor part (e.g. only passed bits from point A to point B on behalf of another user, but did not actually download anything.)
Chain-conspiracy is another angle that I have not thought out too much here, but it might be applied.  I am not sure how much prior knowledge of the actual act is required and how much willful blindness can be .  This whole area is less black and white than most people think, and all it takes is a clever prosecutor and willing judge to make a small leap in the name of "keeping the law current with technology" for interesting things to start happening.
To be charged with conspiracy you do not need to be a party to the agreement, only a participant in the criminal event. Willful blindness on the part of a conspirator is also not a defense, although you would need to know that there is a high probability of illegal activity occurring for willful blindness to apply. Participating in an anonymity network that has an application-specific nature (I am thinking more of the lame anonymity ploys being talked about by people fearing the RIAA right now than something generic like a http proxy crowd) might not be enough to convict you, but it might be sufficient for an indictment.  You may be able to beat the rap, but can you beat the ride?
I am not sure if a strong case could be made at this time that participating in such networks is membership in a conspiracy, but I can see it happening soon.  If this happens then it might shift the burden of proof on to the participants in the network to prevent illegal activity or to provide for law enforcement access when requested.  Given that voice over IP networks are getting tapped on the shoulder by law enforcement agencies reminding them that as a "communications service" they are required to provide tap and trace functions, how long do you think it will be before someone decides that an anonymity service is a communications service that must provide the same

@_date: 2004-09-01 09:26:34
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Implementation choices in light of recent attacks? 
After digesting the various bits of information and speculation on the recent breaks and partial attacks on various popular hash functions I am wondering if anyone has suggestions for implementation choices for someone needing a (hopefully) strong hash today, but who needs to keep the hash output size in the 128-192 bit range.  A cursory examination of Tiger seems to indicate that it uses a different methodology than the MDx & SHAx lines, does this mean that it does not suffer from the recent hash attacks?  Would a SHA256 that has its output chopped be Any suggestions would be appreciated.

@_date: 2005-02-17 13:04:49
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: SHA-1 cracked 
I would have to reply that you would be wrong.
The DES challenge had an upper limit of 2^56, so attacking a 2^69 space would take you 16 years instead of 3 days (the three day break was not an exhaustive search either, but I will give you the benefit of the doubt and say that you will get as lucky as the people going after the DES Challenge were...)  This also assumes that a hardware attack on SHA1 is equivalent to an exhaustive keysearch of DES.  This is not the case.  SHA1 is fast in hardware, but not as fast as DES.  While you can speed things up for a FPGA attack using various tricks to make internal steps run in parallel, the numerous multiply operations in SHA1 are painful for a FPGA implementation, unlike the shifts and additions that are more common in DES.  This also assumes that the known hardware speed-ups for SHA1 will also apply to the attack vector recently revealed, which I am unable to make a guess at.
While I think that the recent results do not bode well for the future of the SHA line of hashes, your claims that the sky is falling (e.g. "you are looking at minutes if not seconds before break") are simply not supported by known facts.
