
@_date: 2001-10-09 17:00:51
@_author: Bill McGonigle 
@_subject: AGAINST ID CARDS 
We have the technology to implement a good electronic ID system, but it wouldn't solve any security problems:
Pa. Jury Indicts 20 in License Scam
By Mike Crissey
Associated Press Writer
Thursday, Oct. 4, 2001; 8:47 p.m. EDT
PITTSBURGH ?? Sixteen men from six states were indicted by a federal grand jury Thursday on charges of falsely obtaining Pennsylvania commercial driver's licenses.
The men were among 21 of Middle Eastern descent who were arrested last week as part of an investigation of a Pittsburgh licensing office where an examiner has told authorities he helped people fraudulently obtain Four men from Washington state were indicted Wednesday.
Eighteen of those indicted had permits to transport hazardous chemicals.
They were arrested amid concerns about possible terrorist attacks involving chemical or biological weapons. Federal authorities have since said they found no link between the alleged scam and the Sept. 11 The only man arrested last week who has not been indicted is Elmeliani "Ben" Benmoumen, 36, of Pittsburgh. Federal prosecutors say Benmoumen was a middleman who helped others obtain the licenses from a Pennsylvania Department of Transportation employee for bribes.
Federal authorities are not identifying the employee, who has since been fired, but have said he is a cooperating witness in the case.
Benmoumen was scheduled for a hearing Friday at which the government must present their probable cause for arresting him.
U.S. Magistrate Kenneth L. Benson also may hold bail hearings or arraignments for some of the 20 other men Friday, but Benson's staff could not immediately say which of the suspects are likely to appear in Some of the men are jailed in their home states or otherwise may be unable to travel to Pennsylvania immediately.
State transportation officials have canceled 111 commercial and noncommercial licenses traced to the alleged scam.
Federal authorities charged only those men who received commercial licenses because they have no jurisdiction over noncommercial licenses.
The men indicted Thursday were arrested in Pennsylvania, Illinois, Michigan, Missouri, Tennessee, and Texas.
