
@_date: 2004-11-01 12:58:03
@_author: David A. McGrew 
@_subject: AES Modes 
I'm not sure what you mean here.  Is there some limitation that you have in mind?
I'm not quite sure what you mean here, but GCM can be implemented with a single AES pipeline and a single GF(2^128) multiplier such that data from multiple packets can be in the pipeline same time.  In fact, this was a design requirement for GCM; the other authenticated encryption modes lack this property and their performance suffers for it when used for packet encryption at high data rates.  There is an analysis of this issue in Section 3.1. of  that includes a comparison between GCM, CWC, and OCB.  Here is the result: GCM is the only authenticated encryption mode that doesn't stall its AES pipeline each time a new packet comes in, and this enables it to go twice as fast as CWC and three times as fast as OCB on Internet data, in the case in which a single AES pipeline is used.  (Other modes aren't in the contest, since they use chaining.)
CTR and GCM can be fully pipelined; I'm not sure what a stream cipher could do that would be better.  I guess one potential improvement would be lower latency due to reduced pipeline depth.  But I don't understand where a stream cipher would get the increase in data throughput that you're alluding to.
Best regards,

@_date: 2010-07-22 13:27:28
@_author: David McGrew 
@_subject: Encryption and authentication modes 
Hi Florian,
can I ask what your interest in AEAD is?  Is there a particular  application that you have in mind?
DJ provided a good summary of CCM and GCM.  To add some follow-on to  that, RFC 5116 defines an interface to an AEAD algorithm, and a  registry of such algorithms.  TLS 1.2 ties into this interface, though  currently only GCM is defined in TLS.  Both GCM and CCM are defined  for use in IPsec, and GCM is in Suite B.
The other AEAD algorithm that's been defined is SIV mode; AFAIK it has  not been in any standards to date.
The motivations for aead-aes-cbc-hmac-sha1 were 1) to match "legacy"  situations in which only the older algorithms are available, and 2) to  define an AEAD algorithm that does not need a unique IV (a  "randomized" algorithm in the terms of RFC5116).   The draft could  probably be re-spun to better meet goal  though I am not sure how  important that goal is.   In general, it would be valuable to have a  randomized algorithm, though it would be preferable to have one that  met the higher performance standard of GCM, which anything CBC based  won't meet.
More recently Justin Troutman has expressed an interest in possibly  carrying forward work on generic composition; I've copied him.
That's true, though there are some particular CCM parameter choices  made in OCB is very attractive in software, but GCM is more efficient in  hardware because it can be implemented without pipeline stalls.  GCM  can perform well in software, though it can't be as compact as CCM,  and it excells with SIMD ( or modest  hardware support like Intel's new PCLMULQDQ instruction (

@_date: 2010-07-23 12:53:04
@_author: David McGrew 
@_subject: Encryption and authentication modes 
Hi Florian,
RFC 5116 sounds perfect.  It might be worthwhile to publish a C API  for that interface, along with detailed documentation.   That would be  fairly straightforward; I think the only complexity is supporting an  incremental "init/update/final" interface.   For your application, it  sounds like you don't need the incremental API.
