
@_date: 2002-04-17 19:15:04
@_author: McMeikan, Andrew 
@_subject: crypto question - using crypto to protect financial transacti 
A brief word on anonymity, I to, worry about what could be done.  I worry
more about what could be done without it. May the future forgive us for what we dream up ;)
The yet just got added, a quick little framework that shows the idea (still
in progress, use your imagination)
Public keys can be trusted in any hands, but how safe is the server.
If everyone tracks everyone's (at least those they deal with) transactions
then you have very little privacy and lots of IOU's floating about.  (see
Todd Boyles ARAP cloud stuff)
Someone however must certify that funds exist and are nice and hard.  This
means a signature from a trusted source (the mint).  The mint signs money
in, so can also make balance statements and provide some privacy.  This
complicates matters in regard to auditing and security.
For the mint to be trusted, it must be secure (and honest).  In an anonymous
system it must also be distributed and attack proof (well as attack proof as
To get all that you need a good cryptographic approach, hence the appeal to
experts such as this list.
This is getting into intertraders' XML/X which I am watching and if possible
will aim to conform with.  Using public keys as 'account' identifiers is a
little different from your average bank.
There are two basic trusts, that of:
1)Honesty and security of a mint, only establishable by openness and time
proven reliability.
2)Trading history of trading partners.
Trust of the mint requires no disputed transactions, no frozen accounts and
no reversals.  Any of these actions can be abused.  Either a signature is
good or it is not.
Time and web-of-trust sorts these out (perhaps adapt Leviens' trust metric
howto for financial?), it just needs to be presented in an easy user
friendly way.
Looks interesting, will have to have an in depth browse.
Just had a quick squiz at the micropayments and spotted this
should change this but:
I think e-gold deserves a mention, I think they hit US$8M
transactions/24hours a week or so ago, last 24h was just $3.9m.  I have been
known to give away the odd cent, so micro payments are definitely there.  Also is it just me or does the face in "Figure 3: Online Payments Invoked by
Consumer" look like a certain desert dweller?
Will have proper read later on.
This e-mail and any attachment is for authorised use by the intended recipient(s) only.  It may contain proprietary material, confidential information and/or be subject to legal privilege.  It should not be copied, disclosed to, retained or used by, any other party.  If you are not an intended recipient then please promptly delete this e-mail and any attachment and all copies and inform the sender.  Thank you.

@_date: 2002-03-21 13:45:57
@_author: McMeikan, Andrew 
@_subject: crypto question 
A question and a probe.
Question.  Is it possible to have code that contains a private encryption
key safely?  Every way I look at it the answer seems no, yet some degree of
safety might be possible by splitting an encrypting routine across several
nodes.  Can someone give me a pointer to any work in this area?
Probe.  Digital cash/gold, java, anonymous transactions, freenet  :  if at
least 3 of those are of keen interest to you and you have a little spare
time, I'd like to hear from you.
This e-mail and any attachment is for authorised use by the intended recipient(s) only.  It may contain proprietary material, confidential information and/or be subject to legal privilege.  It should not be copied, disclosed to, retained or used by, any other party.  If you are not an intended recipient then please promptly delete this e-mail and any attachment and all copies and inform the sender.  Thank you.

@_date: 2002-03-22 12:43:22
@_author: McMeikan, Andrew 
@_subject: crypto question  
Many thanks on all the pointers and interest.
Although I was planning on sneaking around making more progress before
letting the cat out the bag, I guess it is time to expose it for some open
This is just a plan so far, no code yet.  Although until the ability to
safely split encryption code across nodes, it will have to have a central
(or group of trusted) servers, rather than fully distributed.
You will probably all point out many obvious pit-falls, if you do please
also offer suggestions ;)
I have thought of several ways of getting the job done, but I am sure there
are better.
Apologies to those I emailed a blank file to, I managed to wipe a
significant amount of work, and have replaced it with something really
tacked together.
If I am stepping to hard on any patents, or too close to any other 'business
model' etc... A polite nudge is much better than a law suit.  Thanks.
 has a description of how I imagine it working.
I hope that explains exactly why I was making my enquiry.
Again many thanks for the many pointers.
This e-mail and any attachment is for authorised use by the intended recipient(s) only.  It may contain proprietary material, confidential information and/or be subject to legal privilege.  It should not be copied, disclosed to, retained or used by, any other party.  If you are not an intended recipient then please promptly delete this e-mail and any attachment and all copies and inform the sender.  Thank you.
