
@_date: 2006-06-27 10:21:16
@_author: michael taylor 
@_subject: Canada's high-tech spies (CSE) leave (commissioner) Lamer in the dark 
Canada's high-tech spies leave Lamer in the dark
 JIM BRONSKILL
Canadian Press
[The Globe and Mail, June 27, 2006]
Ottawa ? The watchdog over Canada's eavesdropping agency says he's not
getting the detailed information he needs to be sure the secretive spy
outfit is obeying the rules.
In his annual report, Antonio Lamer laments a "lack of clarity" in the
information the Communications Security Establishment provides when
seeking ministerial permission for sensitive operations.
The disagreement raises questions about whether Mr. Lamer, as CSE
commissioner, can provide full assurances that the spy agency is
meeting all legal requirements.
The Ottawa-based CSE, an ultra-secret wing of the Defence Department,
monitors foreign radio, telephone, fax, satellite and computer traffic
for information of interest to Canada. The intelligence is used in
support of Canadian crime-fighting, defence and trade policies.
Military listening posts assist the agency's efforts to intercept the
communications of foreign states and organizations, as well as the
phone calls and messages of suspected terrorists, drug traffickers and
The CSE has long been prohibited from directing its surveillance at
Canadians or anybody in Canada.
However, the Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 gave the CSE authority to tap
into conversations and messages even if those communications begin or
end in Canada.
For instance, the CSE could now intercept a phone call from a member
of Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda network somewhere in Asia to a residence
in Montreal.
Various safeguards, including the need for the defence minister's
approval, were built into the practice.
Mr. Lamer, a former Supreme Court chief justice, recently concluded
his term as CSE commissioner, an independent watchdog who scrutinizes
the spy agency's activities to ensure compliance with the law.
In his final report, he says there should be a clear linkage between
the government's intelligence priorities, the targets chosen and the
activities for which ministerial approval is needed.
But supporting documentation provided by the CSE as part of its
requests for authorization address foreign intelligence requirements
"only in general terms."
The dispute stems from differing legal interpretations held by Mr.
Lamer's independent counsel and the deputy minister of Justice, whose
department provides legal direction to the CSE.
"The lack of clarity in this regard has made it difficult for my staff
to assess compliance with certain of the conditions that the
legislation requires to be satisfied before a ministerial
authorization is given."
Mr. Lamer says he has "offered specific recommendations" to the
defence minister and CSE to iron out "ambiguities" in the legislation
governing the CSE.
As a result, Mr. Lamer qualifies his finding that CSE activities
2005-06 complied with the law "as it is currently interpreted by the
Department of Justice."
CSE spokesman Adrian Simpson said Monday that, as a government agency,
the organization "must follow the interpretation" of the Justice
Mr. Simpson added that the CSE "takes great pains to comply with all
of the laws of Canada."
Mr. Lamer says his one regret is leaving the post "without a
resolution of the legal interpretation issues that have bedevilled
this office since December 2001."
"I wish my successor well in bringing this matter to a satisfactory
conclusion for all concerned."
Defence Minister Gordon O'Connor's office had no immediate comment.
A spokesman for Mr. Lamer was unavailable.
Mr. Lamer's concerns emerge as the CSE's American counterpart, the
National Security Agency, faces the glare of controversy.
In December, the New York Times disclosed that U.S. President George
W. Bush had authorized the NSA to eavesdrop on Americans and others
inside the United States without court-approved warrants, as has been
the recognized practice there.
Despite pointed criticism from privacy advocates, U.S. officials have
defended the program.

@_date: 2007-06-18 14:18:02
@_author: michael taylor 
@_subject: Trusted Computing Group webinar 
In case anyone is interested in seeing how the Trusted Computing Group
is pitching Trusted Computing to OEMs.
Trusted Storage - Why You Need Security
in Storage and How to Make Storage Secure
Sponsored by: Trusted Computing Group
Thursday, June 21st
11am PT/2pm ET
This Webinar provides a framework with which to understand why and how
storage should be secured and transformed into inherently trusted
devices. The TCG Storage Specification provides the technical details
for developing a trusted storage device, as well as how computing
platform-based applications can exploit those trust and security
functions. Secure and trusted storage contributes a critical element
to an overall trusted platform. To register for this event go to:

@_date: 2007-05-02 22:14:42
@_author: michael taylor 
@_subject: The HD-DVD key fiasco 
Actually does anyhow have anything about the damage control process of
key management of AACS or SPDC (BD+).
Personally, I'm interested in knowing more about the technical side of
the key management problem. It does seems to be a good example of PKI
key management in the commercial world of multinational corporations
that form a consortium like the AACS, that span corporate entities and
multiple legal jurisdictions.

@_date: 2008-04-21 14:35:15
@_author: michael taylor 
@_subject: Estimated 10 million dollars lost in parking meter fraud 
The city is playing a $10M game of catchup to stymie thieves using
bogus credit cards to get free parking
By Joe Warmington (Toronto Sun)
Fri, April 18, 2008
It is true some of Toronto's pay and display parking metres were duped
last year by plastic gift cards and other phony credit card replicas
in what may have been a million-dollar fraud.
The good news though is Toronto's parking meters can no longer be
compromised by such cards. The bad news is up until recently, thanks
to the ingenuity of some alleged fraudsters, they were.
On the heels of Toronto Police arresting a Scarborough man for
operating an illegal parking card ring, the Toronto Parking Authority
(TPA) has made equipment adjustments that should prevent such a fraud
from happening again.
Councillor Rob Ford is calling it a $10-million goof to fix this problem.
But TPA president Gwyn Thomas says it must be remembered it was
"illegal activity" that caused this and that the $10-million was part
of normal technological upgrades that were necessary anyway.

@_date: 2008-05-22 13:19:43
@_author: michael taylor 
@_subject: blacklisting the bad ssh keys? 
Debian has two packages, one call openssh-blacklist (1024 DSA and 2048
bit keys RSA keys) ~4MB, and an "unstable" package
openssh-blacklist-extra for non-default key sizes sizes that are
simple lists of blacklisted keys.
current source:
from the README:
