
@_date: 2013-12-11 16:38:41
@_author: Phil Pennock 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Size of the PGP userbase? 
You're probably after Strong Set figures, which are the keys which are
usefully verifiable, although this ignores isolated islands, such as
companies with strong internal cross-signatures and no attempts to join
the Strong Set.
About 53,000 keys are in the Strong Set.
 * "The PGP web of trust can be viewed as a directed graph where the
   points are the PGP keys, and the arrows (directed lines) are the
   signatures."
 * "The strong set is the largest set of keys such that for any two keys
   in the set, there is a path from one to the other."
The active userbase will additionally include those who have no
cross-signatures, whether because the do understand the trust models and
just want a persistent identifier (but not a real-world-name-mapping
verifiable one) or, more commonly, because they don't understand.

@_date: 2013-09-09 19:28:55
@_author: Phil Pennock 
@_subject: [Cryptography] What TLS ciphersuites are still OK? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Bear in mind that TLS does not include D-H parameter size negotiation
and various deployed clients and servers have under-documented fixed
lower and upper bounds on the sizes.  When those bounds are breached,
what tends to happen is that TLS negotiation fails.
At that point, the common approaches seen today are to throw up an error
message (site down) or fallback to cleartext, *not* to disable the D-H
suites and try TLS again.
When I recoded Exim's GnuTLS integration, I originally made the D-H
parameter generation just ask GnuTLS what sizes I should feed it for
"NORMAL", in an attempt to get Exim out of the policy business and to
trust the crypto libraries.  I discovered the hard way that this value
was higher than the upper-bound of the NSS crypto library, so that
change made Thunderbird unable to talk to those release candidates of
Exim.  I had to write new security-parameter handling code during the RC
series to work around this interoperability issue.
The NSS upper limit was 2236 bits.  Meanwhile, I discovered in the past
week or so that prior to Exim 4.80 (when I redid the integration),
Debian were patching the Exim code so that on Debian Exim installs the
configured minimum acceptable size of D-H parameters was 2048 bits.
Most sites were probably configuring 1024, or using Debian, so we had a
source of real-world TLS breakage in mail-systems.  Fortunately, that
affects TLS-as-a-client from an MTA, where there's no trustworthy
concept of remote identity yet (but DANE is changing that) so no host
identity to verify, so the TLS between mail-servers that haven't
configured stronger policy out-of-band is only protection against
passive sniffing, at best.
If folks are going to seriously start looking at how TLS can be improved
in ways which make it less likely for systems to fail catastrophically,
then *some* kind of D-H size limit negotiation, with clients able to
decide to avoid D-H (if that's otherwise acceptable to policy) is pretty
much required if the parameter sizes are ever to be changed to more
useful values in real-world deployments.
Apache are being conservative, but not without reason.
- -Phil

@_date: 2014-08-28 21:53:30
@_author: Phil Pennock 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Google proposes a Web of Trust replacement to 
Crash and burn: the existing public key servers for PGP have already
received EU-based privacy takedown notices for keys, after someone
protested their public key being publicly listed, together with their
name.  Since SKS (the reconciling PGP keyserver network) has no current
way to blacklist keys (cue censorship cries), that keyserver operator in
Austria, an operator of good standing, shut down his keyserver.  This
predates "right to be forgotten" recent fuss, and is based on
long-standing EU privacy laws.
So take that same principle, but then make the history absolutely
immutable by design, while holding data about personally identifiable
information (name + email), make it very public, with complete history
(not just current view) and try to scale it out to every email user.
Spammers will have a field day.
In an attempt to provide privacy and secrecy for communications, in a
way which doesn't solve metadata leakage and bulk analysis but makes
them worse (non-revocable) they're reducing privacy for email addresses
and names and making it a bulk action.
It's this sort of blindness which keeps landing Google in trouble with
privacy commissioners.

@_date: 2014-08-30 05:57:46
@_author: Phil Pennock 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Google proposes a Web of Trust replacement to 
To provide more concrete references:
    [Sks-devel] keyserver.pramberger.at terminating
The "Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG 2000)" was cited; the law was
murky; a well-respected keyserver operator ended up shutting down his
