
@_date: 2001-04-24 20:32:37
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Another shining example of Microsoft "security". 
] My first idea was to use fetchmail [3] since it has hooks to use SSL
] for connnecitons; however, it doesn't send the client certificates
] correctly.  I posted a message to fetchmail-friends; however, esr
] indicated that the person who wrote the SSL code no longer used fetchmail.
I don't know why Eric would have made a statement like that since I
certainly continue to use fetchmail with the SSL code (yes it needs work
both in the client certificates and in the server cert validation, which it
also does not do correctly - it's been forever on my todo list).  I
also see Eric a couple of times a year (we both are perenial speakers
at LinuxWorld Expo) and I'll be seeing him again in August.  I'll have
to find out from him why he would say something like that.  You might
check back with him later after I get done beating the daylights out
of him for telling stories like that (and not checking with me first).  :-)
a copy my way please.  I'm just clearing my head above water on some
other projects and was planning on revisiting the fetchmail-ssl code.

@_date: 2005-02-03 09:30:07
@_author: Michael H. Warfield 
@_subject: Can you help develop crypto anti-spoofing/phishing tool ? 
root CA's when they install.  And on Windows, it's not in the browser
(unless it's Mozilla/Firefox, I think) it's in the OS itself that's
maintaining the root CA list.
the CA.  Trust them?  Most don't even know, or care, what a CA is.  They
already punch through the dialogs, now, when faced with certificate
warnings.  Even people, who should know better, just click that little
check box saying "don't show this warning again" for a site they know
nothing about and just ignore the fact that the cert is virtually
worthless.  Showing the CA is not going to help that.
and reality is that they're just going to instinctively hit "OK" and be
annoyed that they had to even see that dialog.
certs (and some orgs have more than one cert).  Still, that's a lot of
certs and a lot of organizations to know who to trust and who to not and
most users are just not going to be troubled.
modal dialog box won't even do it?
