
@_date: 2005-12-03 21:33:14
@_author: mis@seiden.com 
@_subject: [Clips] Banks Seek Better Online-Security Tools 
dan, maybe you should just keep less money in the bank.
i use online banking and financial services of almost every kind
(except bill presentment, because i like paper bills).  i ccannot do
without it.
it seems to me the question is how much liability do i expose myself to by
doing this, in return for what savings and convenience.  i don't keep a lot of money in banks (why would anyone?)  -- most of
the assets are in (e.g.)  brokerage accounts.  at most  i'm exposing
a month of payroll check to an attacker briefly until it pays some
bill or is transferred to another asset account.  i have an slightly too elaborate drip-feed system set up, with direct
deposit of the paycheck into an account which pays (as scheduled
payments) my fixed bills automatically every month and makes minimum
credit card payments too, so i don't often pay nuisance fees.  (my
utilities have been switched to "average payment" plans, or more
recently to bill to credit cards so they fit into this plan).
i haven't written more than a few paper checks in years.  i just add the
payee to the online system and have the bank do it.  the online system
has paid around 200 bills so far this year. so i save on time, on postage, on the float (since the banks do ach
transfers to the larger payees which often post in 2-3 days), on
nuisance and finance charges, and on the phone, complaining about
problems posting paper checks.
i would notice a fraudulent transfer on my online backing long before
i would notice a fraudulent paper check written against the same account.
not only do i use online banking, i use aggregation systems which scrape
screens for most of my accounts and display recent transactions,
current balances, etc.  i find this extremely helpful in managing diversification across
several accounts, and in noticing such details such as both sides of
payments or transfers between institutions or charges on infrequently
used credit card accounts.

@_date: 2005-12-05 08:26:14
@_author: mis@seiden.com 
@_subject: [Clips] Banks Seek Better Online-Security Tools 
okay, i read this story from 7/2005 reporting an incident in 5/2005.  the short form of it is:
the bad guys changed the associated bank account,
then they placed orders to sell everything at market prices.
at some point they changed the email address to a hotmail account  (if they'd done this first he would
have gotten less notice)
for some unexplained reason he received confirmations of the trades at the old email address.
actual cash didn't get transfered at least because of the 3 day settlement time for the trades.
the rest was dealing with law enforcement and customer service punes who wouldn't tell him
anything for "privacy reasons".  well, i have lots of nit-picking questions, about the actual incident
and about the general point.
about the actual incident:
about the general point:
the main thing online access changes (compared with phone access, or written
instructions) is the velocity.  aside from the time and energy drain of identity theft, what is the
financial liability for consumers if your us-based brokerage account
is phished resulting in a fraudulent funds transfer?  does anyone know if there is any uniform protection (such as reg e would cover for interbank
funds transfers?)
slightly off-topic:
even more off-topic:

@_date: 2005-12-05 10:43:05
@_author: mis@seiden.com 
@_subject: [Clips] Banks Seek Better Online-Security Tools 
please, can people tell us about what their country's liability
framework is, as they understand it, and where the onus of proof is
for what sorts of transactions?
this is one of the few areas where consumers have some actual
protection in the us.
due to ross anderson, i have heard about the uk.   has this been harmonized
in the eu?
many other countries are a mystery to me.
it would seem to me even in countries with pro-bank/anti-consumer stances
the risk could be limited by putting few eggs in that basket, rather than
giving up on using baskets entirely.
as an offering from left field, here's an pretty good paper about
fraud and identity in .au and .nz

@_date: 2005-02-17 06:28:30
@_author: mis@seiden.com 
@_subject: Digital Water Marks Thieves 
at the risk of being accused of being humor impaired:
the particles are ignorant.  it's the police officers that need to
know to look for the taggants.  civilians could look, but might not
have access to the semantic content in the database.
this is similar, i think to the taggants that are imbedded in industrial
explosives to indicate the explosive batch number (to try to trace the
pre-bang chain of custody).
google for taggants if this interests you particularly.

@_date: 2006-04-13 11:34:34
@_author: mis@seiden.com 
@_subject: NY Times reports: Documents show link between AT&T and NSA 
in this case, poorly chosen example.
it's hard to not print documents used by the technician(s) to install
splitters in the fibers and specify the details of wiring in and between
various racks and cabinets.

@_date: 2006-04-19 14:37:54
@_author: mis@seiden.com 
@_subject: Not everyone knows about strong crypto... 
and a second data point, not everyone in the mafia chooses good passphrases;
a few years ago the government got a black bag warrant (once and a
renewal) to install some still undescribed keystroke monitoring
technology on nicky scarfo jr's pc, to find out the pgp key of a
spreadsheet of a smalltime mafioso whose hard drive they'd already
taken a copy of.
it turned out to be his father's federal prison number.

@_date: 2006-04-27 13:12:43
@_author: mis@seiden.com 
@_subject: VoIP and phishing 
the other point that should be made about voip is that
callerid is trivial to spoof.  so if you are counting on the calling party being who they say the are,
or even within your company, based on callerid, don't.
i predict a round of targeted attacks on help desks and customer
service, as well as more general scams with callerid set to (say) "Visa  Security".
does anyone know if time ANI from toll free services is still unspoofable?
some of my clients have been receiving targeted phishes recently that correctly name
their bank and property address and claim to be about their mortgage.
this is information obtainable from public records.

@_date: 2006-05-23 18:10:07
@_author: mis@seiden.com 
@_subject: Secure phones from VectroTel? 
another contender (or could-be contender):
(open source and built by people like rop gonggrijp and barry wels)

@_date: 2007-03-03 13:58:53
@_author: mis@seiden.com 
@_subject: Cracking the code? 
the hex value stored is perhaps a hash, or even better, a salted hash,
or even better, a keyed salted hash which is then hex-encoded.  any
discussion of unix password cracking will describe the first two.
(i think even the original doug mcilroy paper)
all are vulnerable to dictionary and brute force attacks.
an unsalted hash also reveals what two users have the same password as their hashes are the same.
yes, you could also precompute hash values instead of using attacks
which enumerate the values and their hashes. if the hash is sent to a counterparty to authenticate the user (to make
unnecessary  their typing a password) it has the same protective power
as a plaintext password.   if you have the hash, you can pretend to be the user in any situation which accepts the hash as an authenticator.
the only value of such a hash is to obscure the password and to make less
likely that someone with the hash can take advantage of the user using the
same plaintext password in other circumstances.  this is the main reason why static authenticators such as passwords
should generally not be reused, or, for that matter, used at all for
high value asset protection.

@_date: 2008-01-26 08:41:44
@_author: mark seiden-via mac 
@_subject: Lack of fraud reporting paths considered harmful. 
yes, the reputation of/quality of reporters needs to be measured, and  the reported information needs to be enough to
accomplish an auth or a card purchase.
the card issuer can then use a credible report as a hint to increase  the level of attention to the reported cards.
it's in a merchant's interest to have high quality fraud detection  because this report is
in association with an attempted purchase transaction and their report  implies they
decline or refund the transaction they are turning down the revenue  from that card,
if a bad guy wants to break into a merchant's site, i would welcome  them to immediately report all the merchant's cards as stolen
rather than than stealing them and using them or waiting for the  merchant to do so in a breach notice.

@_date: 2008-01-29 09:41:01
@_author: mark seiden-via mac 
@_subject: two-person login? 
another term you might look for (used in physical security and
financial controls)  is  "dual custody" or sometimes "double custody".
i don't see why the analogies are not apt.
one question is whether the two people can both perform their  respective act independently
or whether they need to perform their act within a bounded time.
in the case of auditcon locks, for example, often used on the money  safe part of atms:
these features are called
"Supervisor/Subordinate Mode
Allows access by a subordinate only after being enabled by a  supervisory combination. Once enabled, a subordinate user has access  to the lock during any valid opening time."
[for example, this would be used in a supermarket if a manager wants  to allow a subordinate to open the safe the next morning]
"Dual Custody
Two Person Integrity, which requires two users to open the lock."
the x-09 (approved for use in us top secret) has three modes:
A-single combination code
b-Dual combination mode which allows access only when two different  three number combinations are dialed within 10 seconds of one another
c-Supervisory/subordinate mode

@_date: 2008-05-09 15:56:09
@_author: mark seiden-via mac 
@_subject: It seems being in an explosion isn't enough... 
i think the issue may simply devolve to  lower areal density in the  old drives.
i.e. the bits are bigger.
does anyone know if they used encodings that were more tolerant of  certain kinds of errors
in the past which are less common (and so, not worth doing) than now?

@_date: 2013-12-04 14:46:40
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] useful data on PFS 
and also a handy online tool provided by qualys tells you about the configuration of any particular server that
interests you, including PFS settings and which clients negotiate to take advantage of them ?

@_date: 2013-12-04 14:49:51
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Kindle as crypto hardware 
just to add some possibly interesting grist to your mill, rick lamb recently has done some excellent engineering work
in making a cheap HSM for DNSSEC signing described incompletely in TPM, The Poor Man's HSM ? Richard Lamb, ICANN
early slides (2012):
later slides (2013) starting at page 10:
the device could comply with fips 140 level 4, if only anyone were willing to pay the $200k in certification
costs for a device that costs $50 in parts cost to make...
rick needs a low volume low cost engineering channel. (i suggested lady ada, for example, but i?m not sure it can fit in an altoids box.)  maybe this would be a good kickstarter project?
(i?m cc-ing him on this also as i don?t know about status more recent than 4 months ago and there may be
a more complete description of the device available at this point?)

@_date: 2013-10-22 22:25:00
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A different explanation of the Snowden documents 
your impression is an astute one, i think.  Though with no personal experience with the NSA, some years ago i was on a National Academies
study board of IT modernization at the FBI, and repeatedly observed similar middle management reality distortions
supermodulated on top of the reality distortion field inside the J Edgar Hoover Building and that inside the Beltway.
(at one point, after a middle manager presented to us, I said out loud, "Does anyone else have the feeling they're
being lied to?" and the whole room (full of much more experienced people than I) cracked up, and then patiently explained to me how this form of pervasive corruption works, when only cheerful news can be sent up or down the management chain.).
I then recalled when George Radin (credited as the inventor of RISC) gave a talk in maybe 1983 on the history of IBM's FS project.  George was an IBM fellow. He had been the lead architect and development manager at IBM of the FS project, which was supposed to be
the technology that would follow the IBM 370 (and had vast overruns in time and cost, finally being killed around 1975).
George admitted that the had lied both up and down the management chain, telling his worker-bees that they had management
commitment for enough time/money to finish the project and simultaneously telling management that it could be done in less time than his worker-bees
(and his own) best estimate.  If he hadn't done that, he said, the project would have never been started in the first place, and it had to be done.
(more info including a cartoon on the subject at   )
To return to the smaller question at hand:
The Prism slide (the one that says "you must use both" Prism and the fiber sniffing systems) sets off the crap detectors of several others I've talked with also.
i am still of the belief that the only thing Prism could be is a compliance management workflow system, for presenting legal demands to the various NSPs and collecting their responses more uniformly and efficiently than previously.
Nothing else in government could cost as little as $26M/year.
and all of those companies (one of whom i worked for) would not have so quickly and quietly rolled over and agreed to any such thing unless it simply mechanized something they already do, saved them money and was no less legal than the old and inefficient way of processing govt demands for records.
I also am certain that several forms of the kinds of data which are all listed on the prism slide as "available" are not uniformly available for all
NSPs, and certainly not for all users and all traffic sent in the past.  in particular, i can think of no business reason why an NSP who did not supply to their users any form of video and audio instant messaging logging would engineer such a facility and retain user traffic simply to make it available to law enforcement just in case they were interested in a particular user's activities.   The business would reject such logging simply based on the cost of disk space involved.
(I am not saying it's technically impossible or that they wouldn't do what was feasible, but only under a Title III wiretap order signed by a judge pertaining to an individual named user).

@_date: 2014-03-06 16:54:38
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] dan geer's brilliant talk at rsa... 
perhaps this is slightly off topic for the crypto list, but i think you?ll
want to read this, the text of dan geer?s wise and brilliant talk at last week?s rsa?
my favorite quote, so far:
"We know, and have known for some time, that traffic analysis is
more powerful than content analysis.  If I know everything about
to whom you communicate including when, where, with what inter-message
latency, in what order, at what length, and by what protocol, then
I know you.  If all I have is the undated, unaddressed text of your
messages, then I am an archaeologist, not a case officer.  The
soothing mendacity of proxies for the President saying "It's only
metadata" relies on the ignorance of the listener.  Surely no one
here is convinced by "It's only metadata" but let me be clear: you
are providing that metadata and, in the evolving definition of the
word "public," there is no fault in its being observed and retained
indefinitely.  Harvard Law professor Jonathan Zittrain famously
noted that if you preferentially use online services that are free,
"You are not the customer, you're the product."  Why?  Because what
is observable is observed, what is observed is sold, and users are
always observable, even when they are anonymous."

@_date: 2016-12-22 17:21:08
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USB hardware token for $2?? 
this may still be relevant and of interest although it isn't a portable
i don't know the current status.  rick was looking for someone to make a
few hundred of them, last i spoke with him about it.

@_date: 2016-02-17 07:39:12
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple ordered to decrypt cellphone 
decryption isn't what the court ordered.
rather, it's firmware allowing the FBI to brute force the unlock
code for the phone (without the usual timeouts imposed by software
to avoid that, and without activating the protective "erase memory"
the original article and the comments abundantly point this out:
i'll save you some time:
this is the county-provided work phone of one of the san
bernadino shooters, who supposedly destroyed their personal
phones and hard drive has not been found.
it appears iphones can boot a signed image in recovery
mode. that's what the requested system image would be.
the 5c does not have a fingerprint reader.
ocr-introduced typos: model 5c, RAM.

@_date: 2016-02-17 12:35:17
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple ordered to decrypt cellphone 
according to associated press:
it was a county-owned work phone.
"The couple took pains to physically destroy two personally owned cell
phones, crushing them beyond the FBI's ability to recover information
from them. They also removed a hard drive from their computer; it has
not been found despite investigators diving for days for potential
electronic evidence in a nearby lake.
Farook was not carrying his work iPhone during the attack. It was
discovered after a subsequent search. It was not known whether Farook
forgot about the iPhone or did not care whether investigators found it."
there's therefore speculation that it has nothing useful on it, since
they bothered to destroy or hide their personal devices and not this
one which he wasn't carrying on the day of the attack.

@_date: 2016-02-20 15:53:15
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] what about the metadata from Farook's phone(s)? 
If the government wants so badly to know whether Farook used his work
iphone to communicate with anyone, why don't they just look at the
Verizon phone bill for then?
Every text message and call will appear in the detail billing data.
Verizon doubtless has available tower data which can say where the phone
was during that period, and every attempted (incomplete) call, and the
data usage for that period.
Of course, they would "only" have metadata. They wouldn't know the
content of the calls nor the content of any text messages.  Until they
went to the recipient to ask nicely.
(If I were a betting man, I'm betting they already know that
a. he made no calls on that phone and
b. sent no texts from that phone on that day.
I am surprised that Apple has seemingly not pointed out that the
government could easily establish their bona fides for the need to
unlock the phone based on the metadata already known to them, which
is unstated in the application for the court order.
They doubtless already have the same metadata for the supposedly
crushed-beyond-recovery personal phones.
(Perhaps Apple can legitimately counter that the govt's insistence on
Apple doing work to unlock the phone is substantially a marketing
gimmick on the FBI's part, or perhaps they are too short of money
in their engineering budget to hire Chipworks, the Chinese,
the Israelis, or Karsten Noll.)
I am impressed that they are unable to recover *anything* from those
crushed phones, when in 2003, Kroll Ontrack managed to recover
99% of the information on a charred hard drive from the crash site
of the Space Shuttle Columbia.

@_date: 2016-02-20 16:07:55
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] the consequences of changing the password on your 
so now we discover that if you have an unchanged password on your
AppleID and you log on from a known network (known to the phone)
the phone will then automatically back up to the Apple Cloud
and that backup will contain the current content of the phone.
But some clod at San Bernadino County changed the password for
Farook's AppleID (somehow without knowing the old password)
12 hours after the phone was recovered by the government.
So why doesn't Apple just go to its backups and restore the
hash of the old password and the timestamp of the last password
reset?   and then the government can force a backup which Apple
can provide?
Problem solved, End of World Averted, Peace and Harmony in the
iphone world again (except now we all know Apple is still a
trusted party in this entire ecosystem).

@_date: 2016-10-30 10:00:46
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How to prove Wikileaks' emails aren't altered 
the larger retailers, like amazon, certainly scan and keep the serial
numbers of the devices they ship, which is on the same label as the mac
(to detect fraudulent returns).   i believe this was intended so
providers and installers who want to do mac-based provisioning (such as
cable companies for cable modems) can do it more easily.
i have never seen a mac address printed on the outside of any package i
have received from any shipper because almost all of these devices are
packed inside a bigger box which only has an address label and tracking
number on it.

@_date: 2017-10-21 22:40:38
@_author: mark seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Does this keying scheme make sense? 
(i had to look up "golf clap")
i fell asleep halfway through reading the patent, before they got to the
good part.  (blade runner 2049 caused the same effect.)
but this citation referencing prior art was amusing:
"In some currently available security protocols, including PGP (see Z.
Philip, /PGP Source Code and Internals/. MIT Press, 1995)" [...]
(sure enough, rav google tells me a number of other papers and another
of his patents credit "Z. Philip" with PGP.)
(in fairness, non-chinese have trouble as well distinguishing chinese
surnames from given names).

@_date: 2019-04-08 15:59:13
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] stanford security workshop apr 8 is being 
apr 8, 9:30 PT-4pm PT
Welcome & Overview
Professor Dan Boneh, Stanford
Ad-Versarial: Perceptual Ad-Blocking Meets Adversarial Machine Learning
Florian Tramer, Stanford
Recent Developments in Cryptography
Professor Dan Boneh, Stanford
Online Privacy with DIY Hosting
Shoumik Palkar, Stanford
Private Communication without Synchronization
Saba Eskandarian, Stanford
Towards a Fully Encrypted Web
Professor Zakir Durumeric, Stanford
All Things Considered: An Analysis of IoT Devices on Home Networks
Benton Case, Stanford
Backdoor-Resistant Authentication Tokens
Emma Van Amburgh Dauterman, Stanford
Blockchain Consensus with Minimal Storage
Ben Fisch, Stanford
livestreaming on youtube with a link shown at

@_date: 2019-07-15 16:49:42
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Our leader opines on cryptocurrencies 
oh, i can easily explain this. ? someone in his inner circle thought it was time to make money shorting cryptocurrencies.

@_date: 2020-03-08 17:10:55
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IDs and licenses, 
(hi, jerry, russ.)
mailing the license also has the effect of proofing your address, controlling ?card stock?, and needing a small number of expensive card printers.
but on the subject of having licenses in more than one state, ?there are several states that require you to have a license in their state if you live OR work in that state.
(some of them define ?resident? with such judgments). ?some exclude ?seasonal farm work? from this requirement.
but when i lived in new york and worked summers at music festivals (e.g. colorado and vermont) i tried to conform with (and test out) the requirements. ? i was
required to have a license in two states, but they had the requirement that you only be licensed in one state. ?at one point, my new york license was about to expire,
so i turned it in for a colorado license, and after the summer, renewed my new york license, and they asked me questions about colorado.
by the way, the residency definitions, which sometimes apply to paying taxes or owning property in a state are also often in conflict.
and also, it appears that some states require you to have at least a state id (if not a driver?s license) to register a vehicle in that state. ?unless you are a corporation (!).
ha, you betcha.
i had to get my passport recently renewed. ?passport office would not accept my global entry card as one primary id. ?in order to get that they practically give you a
proctological exam. ? ?and they would not accept my new york birth certificate. ?before around 1960, new york city issued original birth certificates that were photostats (!)
of the original one on file in their big baby book. ? but it didn?t have ?a raised seal? on it. ?so, about 40 years later, i got a ?certification of birth? (with the raised seal),
an assertion that there is an original on file at the nyc health dept. ?the passport office wouldn?t accept *that* because it didn?t show my parent?s names, like a ?REAL?
birth certificate. ?they wanted to see a social security card ? they wouldn?t take a medicare card. ?the san francisco passport office sneered at my new york driver?s license
which in my opinion is more forge-resistant than california ID or DL.
and all this despite their continuous knowledge of my details none of which have changed since my first passport almost 50 years ago.
(also they wouldn?t let me in the san francisco federal building using my UC Berkeley Faculty id, definitely state issued id.)
i sympathize with the estonians, who have promulgated the rule that their government should only collect a piece of information from an individual ONCE.

@_date: 2020-10-09 10:28:50
@_author: Mark Seiden 
@_subject: [Cryptography] of possible historical interest: John Wallis 
Between 1643 and 1689, John Wallis served as chief cryptographer for Parliament and, later, the royal court. He is also credited with introducing the symbol ? for infinity.
"On October 7, 2020, Dominic Winter Auctioneers  in England sold a collection of 53 letters deciphered by Wallis, for ?29,000 (roughly $37,000)."
