
@_date: 2003-07-02 06:04:05
@_author: mister_lee@metropipe.net 
@_subject: New toy: SSLbar 
Adam Fields said:
If you can't get/verify the fingerprint at least once via another channel,
you can't use SSLbar to verify the cert.  About the best you can do is
ensure that you're seeing the same fingerprint every time you visit the
Some commercial CAs (eg: Verisign) allow you to look up a cert that they
issued.  Say I want to verify e-gold's cert (and I trust Verisign), I can
do the following:
- Go to  and
search for - Click the link for e-gold's valid cert to view the details.
- Annoyingly, they don't show the SHA1/MD5 fingerprints, but they do show
the certificate details, so...
- Go to the e-gold site, and view the cert properties via the usual
click-the-little-padlock method.
- Verify the name, subject, serial number etc. against what was shown on
Verisign's site.
- Make a note of the cert fingerprints.
- Next time you visit the site you can use SSLbar to check the cert
fingerprint against your records.
Makes me think I should add a "view cert" button to SSLbar, plus maybe an
option to show the serial number in addition to SHA1 and MD5

@_date: 2003-06-27 00:56:24
@_author: Mister Lee 
@_subject: New toy: SSLbar 
None taken here either, and I'm the author :)
They probably shouldn't.  Unless they've conversed with me at length and decided that I'm nice, or they download the JAR and vet the code themselves.  IMO this is just something that takes time.  If I work on SSLbar (or other plugins) long enough, and they get used, I cease to be an unknown party...  It'd probably help if I signed the thing, too :)
Presumably it is strong enough to stop that, but I haven't pushed it yet (you're talking about personal certs installed in Mozilla, yes?).
Security problems with JavaScript are directly related of the context (or lack thereof) in which the code is run.  The entire UI of Mozilla is actually bolted together with JavaScript, including the existing SSL certificate properties pages.  Unzip the pippki.jar file in your mozilla/chrome directory and take a look at content/pippki/viewCertDetails.js and viewCertDetails.xul - this is code for viewing certs that comes with Mozilla.  As far as I am aware, you can't access any of the juicy stuff from within eg: a web page, only from within toolbars and other UI overlays.
Regarding the usefulness of SSLbar itself, its immediate purpose was fingerprint display, as a (theoretically) easy means of checking a cert's validity yourself, rather than relying on a third party signing.  That list of "officially sanctioned CAs" that comes with browsers just keeps getting longer and longer.  I don't know who the hell any of those organizations are, or what their policies are...  Anyway, SSLbar could be made much more useful if I were to have it (somehow) cache fingerprints or certs, and a flag to indicate whether the user has validated them.  Implementing this requires further investigation however, and I've just been pointed at this list and it's archive, so I have some more reading to do :)
