
@_date: 2005-06-05 11:59:29
@_author: Michael Cordover 
@_subject: What happened with the session fixation bug? 
An excellent plan and the reason sessions shouldn't be automatically
given to every user of a site.  In my experience though, sessions aren't
created until the "login" button is pressed - the malicious user needs
an existing account.  This might then become a permissions escalation
problem - emphasis on the might.
Question: how does one convince the victim's browser to use the
malicious ID?  And if one can modify cookies on the browser for a remote
site (what needs to be done in most cases), doesn't this raise much more
serious questions about XSS?  I think this is probably a low-impact
issue unless sessions are used improperly.  Then again, given some web
apps I've seen, might be high impact :/.
Michael Cordover

@_date: 2006-01-14 03:04:33
@_author: Michael Cordover 
@_subject: quantum chip built 
Au contraire, quantum computers can easily perform prime factoring or perform discrete logarithms - this is Shor's algorithm and has been known for more than a decade.  The difficulty is in making a QC.
ECC is also at risk because it relies on the difficulty of discrete logarithms which are victim to a quantum attack.  Are we at risk in 10, 20 or 30 years?  Well, as John said, it's hard to say.  The first working 2 qbit computers were demonstrated in 1998, then 3 qbits in the same year.  7 qbits were demonstrated in 2000.  8 in December 2005.  As you can see, adding a qbit is pretty hard.  In order to factor a 1024 bit modulus you'd need a 1024 bit QC.  Perhaps if there were some sudden breakthrough it'd be a danger in a decade - but this is the same as the risk of a sudden classical breakthrough: low.
My assessment: nothing to worry about for now or in the immediate future. A key valid for 20 years will face much greater dangers from expanding classical computer power, weak implementations, social engineering etc.  The "quantum chip" is just a new housing, not anything that puts RSA or ECC at risk.
Michael Cordover
