
@_date: 2020-12-18 21:51:27
@_author: Kapilkov, Michael 
@_subject: [Cryptography] BitCoin as Quantum Cryptanalysis canary. 
Sent: Thursday, December 17, 2020 11:16 PM
Like many others, I believe it most likely that Hal Finney was Satoshi and following a misguided hairshirt morality mined the genesis locks into the bit bucket. This hypothesis saves all the appearances and is far simpler than any competing explanation.
If we accept this hypothesis as fact, there is only one circumstance in which the genesis block coins are likely to be spent - if the public keys are broken.
Contrawise, in the case that a quantum computer capable of factoring the keys was ever built, what is the chance that it would end up being used to factor the keys that would unlock a few billion dollars worth of moolah?
We may therefore regard the genesis blocks as canaries for quantum cryptanalysis or some equally powerful advance in cryptanalysis of public key cryptography. If the coins from those blocks are ever spent, time to get worried.
Unless of course, the whole BTC system collapses under the weight of its own ridiculousness first...
I am not sure I follow your train of thought.  I believe the genesis block is hard coded and is not spendable regardless.  If I had access to a super powerful pc capable of breaking Bitcoin?s crypto, I wouldn?t start with the genesis block anyway as not to attract attention.  Also, realistically, in the next couple of decades the only parties that will be capable of developing such machines will be nation states and huge corporations.  Anyway, by then, Bitcoin would switch to quantum-resistant cryptos.

@_date: 2020-12-30 14:17:11
@_author: Kapilkov, Michael 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bitcoin is a disaster. 
Okay, this may be just my depressive side talking, or it may be the stress of the last year just boiling over.  But I'm inclined to think it's not and it isn't. It is my opinion that Bitcoin is a failure.  Worse than that, it's a disaster.  I'd say we'll never agree on this issue unless we first establish the criteria for failure v. success.  Since for most these criteria are going to be different, they'll never agree.  Satoshi's main goal (my interpretation of his writings) was to improve on DigiCash, RPOW and other similar schemes that had a fair degree of decentralization but still relied on a central authority.  Satoshi managed to solve this problem in a genius way with by combing existing technologies and understanding of human psychology (incentivization through mining).  This should not be underestimated in my view.  People had been trying to solve it for decades without any luck.  People like Wei Dai and Szabo came close but never managed to materialize their visions (assuming they're not Satoshi).
The pseudonymity of coins being owned by the bearer of some cryptographic key is a failure;  People have been eavesdropping and aggressively analyzing the block chain from day 1.  And the block chain will always be there, it will always be public, and it will always be subject to further analysis.  And we are learning that analysis of that record is sufficient to destroy any pretense of anonymity or pseudonymity.  True.  But preserving true anonymity online takes a lot of work anyway.  Very few people <1% care enough to bother.  With Bitcoin one can preserve his anonymity but it does take much labor.
The scarcity of block chain space has led people to re-invent every last feature of the banks they thought they were going to be escaping.
Including debt brokering (lightning network) and fractional-reserve banking, starting with the case of Mt.Gox and continuing to ventures today by "responsible" businesspeople who just don't get, or don't care, or both, that the entire reason the system existed, as far as the early adopters were concerned, was to get away from exactly that.  They have made Bitcoin into a debt-based system like any other; as long as the "exchange" holds your keys for you, there is no obligation for them to maintain assets equal to the deposits.  You can't prove that they are, or aren't, maintaining sufficient assets until after those assets are spent and the evidence appears in the block chain.
And it's useless for small transactions.  Had it been deployed to a market the size of, say, a college campus it could bear the load and the bidding for block space wouldn't exceed the value of most transactions.  But had it been deployed to a market the size of a college campus, the small pool of miners available would make mining bursty and unstable, and the block chain therefore not well protected from tampering.  Same could have happened to Bitcoin early on, which is why Satoshi was mining like crazy and jumping on when needed to prop up the block rate and back off again when the blocks were coming too fast.
Because of Bitcoin, nowadays we have much more scalable and efficient protocols.
And that brings us to mining.  Bitcoin mining has encouraged corruption (Because it's often done using electricity which is effectively stolen from taxpayers with the help of government officials), wasted enormous resources of energy, fostered botnets, centralized mining activity in a country where centralization means it's effectively owned by exactly the kind of government most people thought they *DIDN'T* want looking up their butts and where the people who that government allows to "own"
this whole business work together as a cartel. ?
I'd agree that the fact that a normal person can't really participate in mining anymore is a major setback.
There's a pretense of monitoring the network to guard against a 51% attack, but to me it seems pretty clear that what they're guarding against is merely the mistake of the cartel failing to give the latest warehouse full of miners a distinct network identity.  The whole idea of proof-of-work mining is broken the instant hardware comes out which is specialized for mining and useless for general computation because at that point the need to have compute power for other purposes is absolutely irrelevant in having any effect on mining, and there ceases to be any force that causes mining to be distributed around the world.
It becomes a "race to the bottom" to find where people can get the cheapest electricity, and then mining anywhere else - anywhere the government tries to make sure ordinary people actually get the benefit from electricity bought for tax money, for example - becomes first pointless, then a net loss. Mining is f***ng broken, and ASICs make it actively work against a significant number of its design goals.
So, Bitcoin was a good effort, it deployed some new ideas and technology, and showed that at some scale the "block chain" idea worked, but ultimately, although a successful proof of concept, failed to deliver.  It doesn't scale, except by becoming the very thing it was supposed to replace.
The more scalable the network becomes, the more centralized it becomes, until ultimately a "scalable" cryptocurrency would be doing things exactly the same way as a credit card processor.
Bitcoin isn't perfect but it still has certain features that other networks do not.
The cryptography mailing list
cryptography at metzdowd.com

@_date: 2020-11-15 14:53:50
@_author: Kapilkov, Michael 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi Nakamoto Email Timestamps Disambiguation 
I'm trying to figure out the correct timing/chronology of Satoshi's emails.
I have been trying to figure out for a while now, the discrepancy about the date/time when Satoshi announced his wp on the Crypto Mailing List:
  1.  The assumed date is Oct 31, 2008 (
  2.  However, another archive gives Nov 1 ( at metzdowd.com/msg09959.html...)
Talking into account different time zones, you get:
  1.   Oct 31 14:10:00 ET
  2.  Nov 1, 2008 18:16:33 ET
The second archive seems to be more trustworthy as Wayback Machine took the first snapshot in Dec 2008  at metzdowd.com/msg09959.html
And it's not just his email announcing Bitcoin, you have a discrepancy with all of his emails and the problem is that this discrepancy is not even consistent.  Could anyone who still has Satoshi's emails tell me what is the correct timing?  Is any particular source accurate or none of them are accurate?  I assume the difference may come from the way the emails get imported into these archives, but I'm not sure.

@_date: 2020-11-17 14:09:42
@_author: Kapilkov, Michael 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Satoshi Nakamoto Email Timestamps Disambiguation 
Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 2:56 AM
I?m trying to figure out the correct timing/chronology of Satoshi?s emails.
I'm curious, why are you doing this? Is there something special about the times?
Honestly, I don?t know yet.  But I think it is important that someone tries to establish the correct timeline.  Bitcoin has become part of human history, so the establishment of these little facts, in my opinion, is important.  In some cases, historians spend years, decades and sometimes centuries arguing about the correct dating/chronology of historic arti/facts, including letters.  I think it?s essential that when someone decides to write Bitcoin History, they have accurate information.
It?s ironic, but it appears that the people who have followed Bitcoin from its genesis, seem to underestimate its historical significance and that by chance, they have become witnesses or Evangelists (in the original sense).
