
@_date: 2001-06-20 13:50:52
@_author: Mike Brodhead 
@_subject: septillion operations per second  
take a peek at the chapter on key lengths in Schneier's Applied
Cryptography.  it is an entertaining read.  in short, he makes the
case that computers as we understand them simply cannot conduct brute
force attacks against 128-bit or larger semetric keys.  (i won't
repeat his explanation here.)
RSA keys are a bit dodgier.  new techniques for prime number factoring
could conceivably weaken keys that are considered strong today.
having said all that, there are often weaknesses other than key
length: predicting the key generation, keystroke monitoring, bribing
your system administrator, etc.

@_date: 2001-10-13 12:46:20
@_author: Mike Brodhead 
@_subject: Computer Security Division Activities  
Just about all of the private-sector conferences I have attended
require registration.  The same goes for any decent hotel.  Does this
bother me?  Sure it does, but the prospect of being monitored day and
and day out on the internet bothers me more.
While registration is an annoyance, let's remember what the real
privacy battle is about: free use of strong encryption, freedom from
unwarranted monitoring by systems like Echelon and Carnivore, freedom
to conduct dialogue and commerce in a secure and anonymous manner if
we so choose.
We do our cause a disservice by finding devils at every turn.  If we
are perceived as zealots or extremists it becomes difficult to get
people to listen.

@_date: 2002-02-26 13:38:03
@_author: Mike Brodhead 
@_subject: Cringely Gives KnowNow Some Unbelievable Free Press... (fwd)  
I think we went through this a few weeks ago.  Nope.  Fortunately, ECC
per-se is not patent encumbered.  Scott Vanstone makes much of that
in his ECC dog and pony show.  Of course, free ECC does not mean some nice optimizations aren't
patented.

@_date: 2002-07-04 09:35:09
@_author: Mike Brodhead 
@_subject: crypto/web impementation tradeoffs  
Help us to understand your threat model.  Do you trust the user and
his/her machine, but are worried about Mallory altering the
communications between client and server?  Do you need confidentiality
too, or just integrity?  How serious an attacter are you concerned
with?  Curious and semi-technical?  Determined hacker?  NSA?
Both strategies seem like doom to me.  Either way, the key is in a
form which allows Eve or Mallory to learn it.  You need to find a way
to keep from sending the key in the clear.
What about using Diffie-Hellman key exchange?  What about SSL?
Depending on your needs, SSL might be overkill, but it has the
advantage of having been prodded quite a bit at the protocol and
(often) implementation level.  SSH may be an option too.
Is the web client sent to the user over HTTP?  Can you ensure that the
connection uses SSL?  If so, the key does not have to travel in
plaintext form.  There is still the issue of key re-use.  How much
control do you have over the server from which the java client is
sent?  You could send a different symmetric key with each client,
though that is a little strange.  A better strategy might be to send a
private key with the client which it can then use to negotiate session
keys with the server.
Having said all that, I still lean towards using a library with an
existing protocol like SSL or SSH.  Whether either of those is
applicable really depends on the specifics of your app, to whom it is
distributed, etc.

@_date: 2002-03-20 20:52:53
@_author: Mike Brodhead 
@_subject: crypto question  
Of course, the downside is that the appropriate human must be present
for the system to come up properly.  In some situations, the system must be able to boot into a working
state.  That way, even if somebody accidentally trips the power-- I've
had this happen on production boxen --the system outage lasts only as
long as the boot time.  If a particular human (or one of a small
number of secret holders) must be involved, then the outage could be
measured in hours rather than minutes.
Don't forget that Availability is also an important aspect of
security.  It all depends on your threat model.

@_date: 2002-03-22 14:08:55
@_author: Mike Brodhead 
@_subject: crypto question  
Agreed.  It's not about perfect security, it's about Good Enough
security.  Risk is not something we can eliminate, but it is something
we can manage.
It does not surprise me when non-security people forget that point,
but I am really surprised at how often security people seem to forget
