
@_date: 2006-04-19 16:12:58
@_author: markus reichelt 
@_subject: MD5 trick 
just being curious: from what you write, it looks like a pure
win-only source. do you happen to have a version that compiles on
some kind of unix?

@_date: 2006-04-19 17:37:32
@_author: markus reichelt 
@_subject: NPR : E-Mail Encryption Rare in Everyday Use 
Well, I for one value the spreading of cryptographic means higher
than what might happen due to some misguided lawyer. with all the
lost privacy due to so-called protection laws from all the
"evildoers" this has only strengthened my resolve. after all, the
lawyers are still there even if one doesn't use cryptographic means.
In my world there's just too much lobbyism involved not to take
action in the vital field of privacy. Most people using electronic
communications either believe that some occasional eavesdropping is
ok (for they have nothing to hide; an arguement solely given by the
state in some 1984 manner), or they don't grasp the extent of
eavesdropping possibilities, or they just don't bother. not bothering
is just equally bad as giving in to the state because if one remains
passive, it is not likely that one will change one's perception
easily switching to actively propagate one's ideals (because of a
certain receptiveness to state arguements). and nowadays it's hard
enough to change things even if one is actively involved.
I guess you mean Non-Disclosure Agreement by NDA. All those acronyms;
it's about time the AAAAA takes action.
I haven't really perceived it the way you describe, but I don't work
in an environment where such things could matter at all. I'm in the
scientific community (chemistry), and there limits of talk (if you
get the meaning) are described pretty well, and this only affects
some areas of competition.
Given that some individual or even organisation keeps track of its
employees' writings in/on public media, I barely see the benefits
apart from some cases where it comes to leaking info which is already
prohibited by some kind of Non-Disclosure Agreement. those exist here
too, but with all the transparency about it, one really has to be
utterly stupid to mess things up.
From what you write I get the impression that even the slightest hint
about even the slightest clue may cause one harm. In my opinion this
fuels fear, just like telling a teenager not to ever fall in love
because he'll only get hurt anyway. we have misguided lawyers here
too, far too many of them in fact, for about over 20 years, and they
need to get an income. all that increased sueing stuff can be traced
back to the growing numbers of lawyers hitting the open market. not
that it offers a solution but there's still the bottom of the ocean
or the moon, and mars may be an issue soon...
I guess you got me wrong, and I'm not sure I get your top-down,
bottom-up analogies. Anyway, I'm not propagating means of
cryptography because of a religious hype or something. to clarify
this, me and my friends are not amused by officials having the legal
means to listen in on email communications, phone conversations, etc.
both without prior suspicion and some kind of notification of the
person(s) being listened in to, let alone legal backup (it was
rendered redundant anyway). because of the terrorist-threat-hype such
processes are now accelerated to fit only the state's benefits, yet
they sold as a citizen's benefit altogether. we have a saying here (i
hope it carries over, i'm not a native english speaker): working at
such a hectic pace replaces an intellectual calm.
From what I wrote above I guess it can be boiled down to this. Means
of cryptography are valued because of the possibility to protect
one's privacy that the state obviously has deemed unnecessary, for
good citizens surely don't have something to hide. simply put, since
we all don't walk the street naked, the state always wins. such a
state is out of balance, and checks are most likely still in place
where they possibly can't influence a larger picture.
someone smart said (and for me it really boils down to it): if
cryptography is outlawed, only the outlawed will have privacy.
having just recently "argued" with some elected politicians over
intellectual property rights legislation, i've come to favour the
swiss system over the parliamentary democracy here in Germany;
politicans there seem to be way more down-to-earth and citizen
oriented. instead we sadly seem to have in place some underground
italian-way system...

@_date: 2006-02-28 01:15:17
@_author: markus reichelt 
@_subject: NPR : E-Mail Encryption Rare in Everyday Use 
My personal experience differs. The people that have set up some kind
of encryption to protect their privacy will use it at best and
advertise such a possibility at the very least. Be it via kludges,
email headers, footers, inline signatures, word of mouth (websites).
The important fact is they do something.
I did a little research on my email of the past month, both public
mailinglists and private mail. The vast majority of private email was
signed (and encrypted with both sender and recipient being part of
the WoT), with public mailings showing a slightly increasing number
of signed mailings. I realize that's far from being representative,
but that's really the way it should be.
That's too true. Emails with signatures as attachements are often
blocked (or with attachements removed altogether) because of the
omnipresent virus-hype; I strongly believe that coping with possible
virus threats is definitely not the job of a mailinglist software.
But there's still the possibility of inline signatures.
As to the ISP issue, it would make perfect sense to me to switch ISPs
because of such bounce messages. However, I personally know of some
that are better not mentioned by name, and sadly don't regret their
practice. Net-neutrality has to be existent!
Back to topic; e.e. both mutt, and its recent offspring mutt-ng,
easily allow to adapt, as do other mail user agents out there. I
strongly recommend to use such features if present. In the past I've
seen forged signatures added to SPAM mails, so it's about time to
sharpen the public's view on the matter.
On a sidenote: From what I've heard, most banks don't bother much
with encryption and solely focus on message integrity. Well, even if
one shares the rather naive viewpoint of having nothing to hide (but
still doesn't run naked; I wonder why...) it just can't hurt of
having integrity added to ones own messages.
I'm going to repeat soon: It doesn't have to be the full package
right from the start. And with phishing attacks becoming more and more
sophisticated it's only a matter of time until the public has to
deal with the whole issue of integrity.
Sad but true. However, IMHO, that's also equal to "I give up "
and clearly the wrong path one could possibly choose. Nonetheless, I
guess it's safe to assume the ordinary user to have only a handful of
mailinglists subscribed; granted, some people receive tens of
mailinglists, but hundreds? Let's don't forget the time involved. I
subscribed to 30 mailinglists, and to my licking there is not a
single one lacking the more or less occasional signed mailings.
One could argue with the list admins to allow signatures; that's
usually an up-hill battle that still can be won by inline signatures.
Of course, it's a hassle in terms of getting a working setup but it
is far worse to leave the battlefield to the enemy. By doing so one
gives the masses a wrong impression of the actual ease, once locally
implemented, of being able to add integrity to one's messages. And
that's only one step short of the actual much needed privacy, imho.
Veryfing the integrity of a message lies at the receiving end, after
all. That's where one has to start. It doesn't have to be the whole
thing about encryption, message signing, WoT, etc. right from the
start, curiosity will do the rest.
In essence: A barbeque about such a topic will suffice. In my
experience I can proudly point to some bowling/poker events that did
the trick for some people. "It's not wrong, it's a start..."
Add me to the list (and forgive the pun please). Even if this list
would not, with the sig added as attachement, I would do so via
inline signature.
So, why not always sign messages to a list that permits signatures? That's why I use a sole key for mailinglists and related encrypted
mailings, additionally to my private and work keys. Works like a
charm ever since. To avoid confusion I only permit my private and
work keys to be signed.
I agree that there's much work ahead. Still, I sign almost every
message, be it private or public, and if possible sign and encrypt.
That's personal taste of course, but I'd like to see such a pattern
much more often in modern daily life.
Quite frankly, I wouldn't have thought this topic would emerge the
way it has on a cryptography mailinglist. Maybe it's about time to
publish my article "Why Cryptography Is Important In Modern Life"
after all (don't hold your breath; with me being pretty busy it's not
due until after eastern).
