
@_date: 2001-08-06 01:18:30
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Cipher attack delivers heavy blow to WLAN security 
Cipher attack delivers heavy blow to WLAN security
By Patrick Mannion
EE Times
(08/04/01, 12:49 p.m. EST)
MANHASSET, N.Y. - A new report dashes any remaining illusions that 802.11-based (Wi-Fi) wireless local-area networks are in any way secure. The paper, written by three of the world's foremost cryptographers, describes a devastating attack on the RC4 cipher, on which the WLAN wired-equivalent privacy (WEP) encryption scheme is The passive network attack takes advantage of several weaknesses in the key-scheduling algorithm of RC4 and allows almost anyone with a WLAN-enabled laptop and some readily available "promiscuous" network software to retrieve a network's key - thereby gaining full user access - in less than 15 minutes.

@_date: 2001-11-08 21:32:51
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Security hole in cash machines 
Friday, 9 November, 2001, 00:08 GMT
Security hole in cash machines
By BBC News Online technology correspondent Mark Ward
A serious weakness has been discovered in the methods used by banks to protect the number that lets you get money from a cash machine.
Researchers from the University of Cambridge have found that the computer systems which check that these numbers are valid are easy to They warn that unscrupulous insiders could exploit these weaknesses to raid customer accounts.

@_date: 2002-05-12 23:48:21
@_author: Monty Solomon 
@_subject: Vulnerability Is Discovered in Security for Smart Cards 
May 13, 2002
Vulnerability Is Discovered in Security for Smart Cards
By JOHN MARKOFF
SAN FRANCISCO, May 12 - Two University of Cambridge computer security researchers plan to describe on Monday an ingenious and inexpensive attack that employs a $30 camera flashgun and a microscope to extract secret information contained in widely used smart cards.
The newly discovered vulnerability is reason for alarm, the researchers said, because it could make it cost-effective for a criminal to steal information from the cards.
Smart cards are used for dozens of different applications, including electronic identity protection, credit and debit cards and cellular phone payment and identity systems.
The Cambridge researchers said they had discussed their discovery with a number of card manufacturers, and several had acknowledged the vulnerability. One company reported that its security testing teams had already considered types of attacks similar to the one mounted by the Cambridge team and that they believed their products were not
