
@_date: 2010-06-23 18:32:42
@_author: Wright, Matthew 
@_subject: CFP: ACM CCS Workshop on Insider Threats 
CFP: ACM CCS Workshop on Insider Threats
Apologies for cross-posting.
ACM Workshop on Insider Threats
Call for Papers
ACM Workshop on Insider Threats
in conjunction with ACM CCS 2010
October 8, 2010
When equipped with insider knowledge, an attacker is a particular risk
to an organization: they may know the policies and security measures
of an organization and devise ways to subvert them. Such attackers can
have a variety of motives and triggers that cause them to act against
the organization's interests. Further, the mechanisms these attackers
can use can range from unsophisticated abuses of their own authority
to elaborate techniques to acquire unauthorized access. The duration
of the attacks may be short or longer-term. Finally, the goal from
these attacks can be simple exfiltration of information or even direct
sabotage. The Insider Threat has been identified as a hard, but important,
computer security problem. This workshop broadly calls for novel
research in the defense against insider threats. Relevant research may
leverage operating systems, communication networking, data mining,
social networking, or theoretical techniques to inform or create
systems capable of detecting malicious parties. Cross-disciplinary
work is encouraged but such work should contain a significant
technical computer security contribution. Research in non-traditional
systems, such as smart spaces, is encouraged as well as enterprise
systems. Finally, while we discourage exploits of limited scope, we
solicit generalized techniques that help an inside attacker evade
modern defensive techniques. Topics of interest include but are not limited to:
  - Novel data collection of threat indicators,
  - Detection of triggers and behavior modeling associated with
     insider threat development,   - Detection of malicious users acting within their own authority
     against organizational interests,   - Detection of unauthorized escalation of rights,
  - Covert exfiltration of data and approaches to thwart such techniques,
  - Automatic detection of high-value digital assets,
  - Techniques to minimize false positives in insider threat detection,
  - Advances in access control, data compartmentalization or
     administration of compartments,   - Detection techniques for resource constrained clients (limited
     processor, bandwidth, or battery capacity),   - Data and digital asset tracking, and
  - Techniques to provide near real-time forensics.
Important Dates
  - Paper Submission Due: June 28, 2010
  - Acceptance Notification: August 6, 2010
  - Camera-ready Due: August 16, 2010
  - Workshop: October 8, 2010
Paper Format
Submissions must be at most 8 pages in double-column ACM format (note:
pages must be numbered), excluding the bibliography and well-marked
appendices and at most 10 pages overall. Committee members are not
required to read appendices, so the paper should be intelligible
without them. Submissions are not required to be anonymized. Only PDF
files will be accepted. Submissions not meeting these guidelines risk
rejection without consideration of their merits. The authors of
accepted papers must guarantee that their paper will be presented at
the workshop. Accepted papers will be published by the ACM in a
conference proceedings. Paper Submission
All submissions are made through the Easy Chair Website:
Program Chairs
Brent Lagesse, Oak Ridge National Laboratory
Craig Shue, Oak Ridge National Laboratory
Program Committee
Michel Barbeau, Carleton University
Elisa Bertino, Purdue University
Dawn Cappelli, CERT
Erik Ferragut, Oak Ridge National Laboratory
Deborah Frincke, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
Minaxi Gupta, Indiana University
Markus Jakobsson, Palo Alto Research Center
Apu Kapadia, Indiana University
Marc Liberatore, University of Massachusetts
Donggang Liu, University of Texas Arlington
Gerome Miklau, University of Massachusetts
Sean Smith, Dartmouth College
Matthew Wright, University of Texas Arlington
