
@_date: 2005-08-05 22:05:43
@_author: Mark Allen Earnest 
@_subject: [Clips] Does Phil Zimmermann need a clue on VoIP? 
*yawn* Yet another person who confuses PK with PKI. Almost NOBODY has
ever done PKI right. The I is the part everyone conveniently forgets
when they claim otherwise.

@_date: 2005-08-12 14:44:32
@_author: Mark Allen Earnest 
@_subject: The summer of PKI love 
I would rank it closer to 0% myself. Don't get me wrong, we have plenty
of PK deployment with SSL servers, just no I. Anyone doing revocation
checking? How do you even do it? CRL? Delta CRL? OSCP? Do any browsers
really support these things? For those that do does any user actually
know how to do it? PKI is a massive undertaking that many seem to
confuse with just public key cryptography. Public key crypto is just one
component of PKI, and frankly I know VERY few groups that are actually
doing PKI and doing it right.
What we have are a couple dozen certificate authorities that were deemed
trustworthy by Microsoft that do not pop up warnings, and the rest that
do pop up warnings that most people blissfully ignore. HTTPS is really
good for encryption, absolutely sucks in practice for trust.

@_date: 2005-02-04 14:30:48
@_author: Mark Allen Earnest 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
Yes it would, many governments are turning to Linux and other freeware. Many huge companies make heavy use of Linux and and freeware, suddenly losing this would have a massive effect on their bottom line and possibly enough to impact the economy as a whole. Independent software developers are a significant part of the economy as well, and most politicians do not want to associate themselves with the concept of "hurting small business". Universities and other educational institutions will fight anything that resembles what you have described tooth and nail.
To think that this kind of technology would be mandated by a government is laughable. Nor do I believe there will be any conspiracy on the part of ISPs to require to in order to get on the Internet. As it stands now most people are running 5+ year old computer and windows 98/me, I doubt this is going to change much because for most people, this does what they want (minus all the security vulnerabilities, but with NAT appliances those are not even that big a deal). There is no customer demand for this technology to be mandated, there is no reason why an ISP or vendor would want to piss off significant percentages of their clients in this way. The software world is becoming MORE open. Firefox and Openoffice are becoming legitimate in the eyes of government and businesses, Linux is huge these days, and the open source development method is being talked about in business mags, board rooms, and universities everywhere.
The government was not able to get the Clipper chip passed and that was backed with the horror stories of rampant pedophilia, terrorism, and organized crime. Do you honestly believe they will be able to destroy open source, linux, independent software development, and the like with just the fear of movie piracy, mp3 sharing, and such? Do you really think they are willing to piss off large sections of the voting population, the tech segment of the economy, universities, small businesses, and the rest of the world just because the MPAA and RIAA don't like customers owning devices they do not control?
It is entirely possibly that a machine like you described will be built,   I wish them luck because they will need it. It is attempted quite often and yet history shows us that there is really no widespread demand for iOpeners, WebTV, and their ilk. I don't see customers demanding this, therefor there will probably not be much of a supply. Either way, there is currently a HUGE market for general use PCs that the end user controls, so I imagine there will always be companies willing to supply My primary fear regarding TCPA is the remote attestation component. I can easily picture Microsoft deciding that they do not like Samba and decide to make it so that Windows boxes simply cannot communicate with it for domain, filesystem, or authentication purposes. All they need do is require that the piece on the other end be signed by Microsoft. Heck they could render http agent spoofing useless if they decide to make it so that only IE could connect to ISS. Again though, doing so would piss off a great many of their customers, some of who are slowly jumping ship to other solutions anyway.

@_date: 2005-01-28 14:38:49
@_author: Mark Allen Earnest 
@_subject: Simson Garfinkel analyses Skype - Open Society Institute 
I would contend that a false sense of security is worse than no security at all. Someone's behavior may be different if they are wrongfully assuming that their communications are encrypted by what they believe is strong encryption when if fact it may be "very very low".

@_date: 2005-06-07 21:19:07
@_author: Mark Allen Earnest 
@_subject: encrypted tapes (was Re: Papers about "Algorithm hiding" ?) 
> The bigger issue, though, is more subtle: keeping track of the keys is
Basically, expensive or not, security is very hard to get right. When you look at Choicepoint, Bank of America, and Citigroup (not to mention universities and smaller businesses) they have little to no incentive to keep your personal data secure. YOU bear the cost of data compromise, not them. The worst they get is some bad publicity and only if it affects CA residents, otherwise it can be kept quiet. The threat of bad publicity does not mean much when next week your compromise due to bad security will be forgotten as the media switches to the next one.
As it stands today, the cost/benefit analysis easily directs them away from taking strong measures to protect customer's financial data. Doing so is time consuming, opens up potential for problems, and gets them next to nothing in return.

@_date: 2005-06-22 13:46:21
@_author: Mark Allen Earnest 
@_subject: WYTM - "but what if it was true?" 
First up, it certainly is not true, the images are just ripped from here:
To the question at hand, unless you built the hardware (or are an electrical engineer and inspected it all), you cannot fully trust it. No different than trusting that a compiler is not putting malicious code into programs it compiled unless you inspect the disassembled binary (with a disassembler you wrote, using a compiler you wrote, on hardware you built, etc.)
I would however assume that if something like this were happening, it would not be on a "stick out like a sore thumb" board stuck inside a PC, it would be embedded inside a chip that is supposed to be there.

@_date: 2005-10-06 06:14:41
@_author: Mark Allen Earnest 
@_subject: [Clips] Can writing software be a crime? 
This has already happened, albeit in a kiddy porn case.
 Mark Earnest
