
@_date: 2013-08-29 12:31:19
@_author: Callme Whatiwant 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Email and IM are ideal candidates for mix 
<521CE337.6030706
Hello, I'm new here, so I apologize if I'm repeating past arguments or
asking old questions.
This is (anecdotally) completely untrue.
A great way to experience this personally is to start using a
"strange" email address, like mine.  You quickly realize how often you
*say* or *write on paper* your email address.  Because my email
address is "odd", almost every time I say it, the listener asks me to
spell it.  I suspect if I could just say "bob at gmail" I wouldn't
notice how often this occurs.
Now I'm inspired to keep a log of how often I verbally spell an email address.
It would be a grave mistake for us to say: "we're going to help the
typical user, and oh by-the-way, we'll just assume verbally saying
email addresses is not common."  Because if it is, then any solution
based on that assumption will not be adopted, and will therefore not
help the fabled "typical user".
If we went down the road of: "well verbal transmission is rare and
hard, but introductions through cc headers are easy to hook into, so
we'll only support some uses", then we're creating a solution where
users will be easily confused as to the security properties of "an
email address".
So I want to highlight something here: "usually" may be accurate, if
we are counting "number of transmissions of email addresses over
time".  Perhaps more and more of that traffic, by volume, is through
automated systems, relieving the burden of users saying, typing, or
otherwise dealing with the string contents.
However, I believe such "email transmissions" are not at all equal in
importance.  For example, if someone just verbally told me their email
address, there's a great chance this is much more important than when
I receive "help at techsupport.example.com" over http by going to my
broken product's website.
This assumption does *not* create a problem.  The problem exists out
in the world where billions of people use technology based on the
understandings and habits they learned from past experience.
The problem out in the world doesn't vanish no matter what
"simplifying assumptions" we might make on this list.
A counter to my position here is that maybe a solution needn't be used
by everyone initially.  If it's sufficiently usable and has any kind
of networking effect, its use can spread over the population.  I can't
think of any networking effect for privacy or authentication that's
readily apparent to users, and which is backwards compatible with
existing use.  I'd love to hear suggestions though!
Yet another counter is that maybe a solution needn't be used by a
given user in every case, for example by suffixing key material to
addresses in some automatable situations like you suggest..  If the
goal is authenticating human's to one another, this may not be very
successful without massive user education (I'm reminded of http vs
https indicators in browser uis).  If, OTOH, the goal is "as much
resistance to passive surveillance as possible", then maybe partial
coverage, where a user has a hard time making distinctions, is
acceptable on the whole.  (Maybe not for individuals who are bitten by
the confusion, however!)
callme whatiwant
