
@_date: 2001-12-26 15:27:43
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop 
To be fair, Verisign *is* a PKI. It's not the one a lot of us
want, but it is in wide usage.
I used to be puzzled by this. Then a couple of years ago I went
through the process of getting a client-side certificate to access my
student records at MIT. MIT is the only place I've ever seen to
require client-side certs for authentication, bless 'em.
It took me 30 minutes to establish a client side certificate, just so
I could view a web page with my own data on it. *thirty minutes*. And
I know a lot about cryptography. How would someone who'd never heard
of a public key do? This was on Netscape 4.0 on Linux. Maybe MSIE
things have improved since then, but I doubt it. (Anyone know?)
It's very important to look at this truth and think about why. Part of
it is usability: Netscape could have made it easier for me. But a lot
of it is design. PKI is complicated: chains of authority are
complicated to understand, security technology is awkward for naive
users to use properly, and trying to do anything with revocation or
real time properties is a nightmare. The thing that makes me the most sad is that the PKI situation only
seems to be getting worse, not better. Now it looks like it's going to
be Passport that cracks the nut of client authentication, not PKI. And
the spoils go to the victor. Three years from now when you're paying a
monopolist a monthly fee for the priviledge of verifying your
identity, think hard about why.
                                                     nelson at monkey.org
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2001-10-13 13:27:01
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Alleged use of stego - a new claim (updated) 
The Register has a very skeptical take on this story:
  The last paragraph sums up the article:
  "But of course the proof, if it exists, has got to be classified, so
  we can't actually evaluate it independently. Funny that."
The steganography horseman has been all over in the past few weeks,
most recently in the US for an unprecedented agreement of the US media
to not broadcast the full content of messages from bin Laden, because
they may contain hidden messages:
  At worst, the broadcasts could contain signals to ``sleeper''
  agents, [White House spokesman Ari Fleischer] added. ``The concern
  here is not allowing terrorists to receive what might be a message
  from Osama bin Laden calling on them to take any actions.''
  I find it troubling that a deeply-held cornerstone of our country, the
free and independent press, has been compromised by ignorant
conceptions of "possible hidden messages". The real reason for this
agreement seems to be to deprive bin Laden of a propaganda channel,
which at least makes some sense, but they put up the steganography
ObCryptography - are there any good documented cases of mathematical
steganography actually being used? I can't think of anything in David
Kahn's "The Codebreakers" beyond low-tech stuff like secret inks, etc.
Plenty of research into covert channels, but where has a
mathematically based stego system actually been used?
                                                     nelson at monkey.org
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2001-10-30 07:03:31
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Yet more stego scare in the New York Times 
Another sensationalist article in the NYT about the pervasiveness of
steganography, with yet another lack of any evaluatable information.
  In summary, evidence for stego in this article is:
Some unnamed French defense ministry official says the folks they
arrested for the plot to blow up the US embassy in Paris were using
Chet Hosmer, president & CEO of WetStone Technologies, claims that
0.6% of images he found on porno sites and eBay have stego. He won't
tell anyone which images or how he found them, and he can't read the
secret messages. Oh, but he's paid by the Air Force.
There are a bunch of stego tools available on the Internet, "with over
a million downloads!" (Nevermind that most of those tools are the
equivalent of ROT-13).
The article does get better, quoting a few researchers back and forth,
and finally getting to Provos' work analyzing images and finding
What's so frustrating about this is that it is quite possible that
high quality stego is being used out there; how would we know? But in
the absence of facts, the media picks up the most scary sounding info
and leads with it. I normally write letters to newspapers when I read
dumb stories like this (and sometimes they publish them!), but I don't
even know what to say this time.
                                                     nelson at monkey.org
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2002-08-10 08:37:43
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
Wow, this conversation has been fun. Thanks, Anonymous Aarg, for
taking up the unpopular side of the debate. I'll spare any question
about motives.
I think most of us would agree that having a trusted computing
environment makes some interesting things possible. Smartcards,
afterall, are more or less the same idea as Palladium, just on a
smaller scale. You're right to point out they could make things like a
trusted Gnutella client possible, or do SETI at Home style distributed
computing in a secure manner, or...
But the context of Palladium is larger than what a few smart P2P folks
could do. Palladium is a technology proposed by a convicted predatory
monopolist. It is a technology that gives that monopolist even more
control over the uses of its technology. And it just so happens to be
exactly in line with the needs of the entertainment industry which has
spent the past few years doing their best to squelch creative uses of
the Internet so they can jealously protect their copyright hegemony.
We'd be crazy not to be a little concerned.
Let's turn the debate to a slightly more interesting place. Is there a
way to create a trusted computing environment such as Palladium that
does not also enable the restrictionof liberties? The "optional"
aspect of Palladium isn't enough - the folks who own the media will
ensure that it can only be played if your computer is in trusted mode.
                                                     nelson at monkey.org
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2002-01-07 10:11:54
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: On ISPs Not Filtering Viruses 
I think you're looking too hard for a conspiracy when simple
bureaucratic friction is a more likely answer. Deploying a new feature
and testing it at a major ISP is a whole lot of work. It's not clear
that it contributes to the company's bottom line, either. The cost is
clear (development and support), but the financial benefit is not.
It's a boring explanation, but it is likely.
I'm writing because I find it interesting that some folks here *like*
the idea of their ISP filtering content. I find that surprising! I
assume it's motivated by the huge problem of viruses, but wouldn't it
be better to fix the clients, not the pipes? There are a whole lot of
risks in a network layer suddenly doing application-layer things.
What kind of viruses are you talking about, John? Most people who talk
about filtering are thinking of email viruses. Lots of sites are
filtering viruses at their gateway mail server, but that seems like a
poor (if practical) solution to me. What we really need is email
clients that aren't so stupid.
                                                     nelson at monkey.org
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2002-01-17 13:04:31
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Horseman Number 3: Osama Used 40 bits 
If this report is true, then it's evidence that the previous US crypto
export policy works. In particular the default on Windows machines
used to be 40 bit, you had to go through extra hoops to generate 128
bit. If they'd used an OS with 128 bit keys, then maybe we wouldn't
have been able to read the files?
I still think export restrictions are a bad idea, but what does this
                                                     nelson at monkey.org
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2002-07-18 10:49:58
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Maybe no stego on eBay afterall  
Back on October 30, 2001, the New York Times ran an article about
steganography and terrorism by Gina Kolata:
  The article quotes a Chet Hosmer, president/CEO of WetStone Technologies:   "We started getting hits," Mr. Hosmer said, adding that about 0.6
  percent of millions of pictures on auction and pornography sites had
  hidden messages.
We had some discussion on how silly this claim was on the cryptography
mailing list. Well, today Salon follows up on the story, and quotes
Chet again:
    Chet Hosmer ... said that in his research, very few messages on eBay
  show signs of being infected by terrorists. About one in 100,000
  pictures "appears suspicious," but a much smaller number -- "one in
  every 15 to 20 million files" -- is "something that we really
  believe is a real hidden message."
I wonder which it is? 0.6%? Or one in every 20 million files? Either
way, they're not giving out any examples. I bet they're still spending
the Air Force's money to do the study, though.
I guess examples of sloppy crypto research shouldn't be so surprising
anymore. But the hype surrounding this particular story, with
terrorists lurking under every eBay auction, was particularly
troubling to me. It's unusual that a story like this would have such a
well researched followup. Thanks to Salon!
                                                     nelson at monkey.org
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2002-07-19 11:14:50
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Maybe no stego on eBay afterall 
That's only for lousy steganography. If you really want to mask your
message, you match it to the statistical profile of the source data.
Of course that's difficult to do perfectly and so is potentially
detectable, but you can make detection much harder than "look for
white noise in the LSB".
I agree. Maybe the good folks at WetStone just draw the line in
whatever place is best for their business at the time. Or maybe they
made an honest mistake. Either way, now their president is on record
drawing the line in two radically different places.
                                                     nelson at monkey.org
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2002-03-21 13:04:32
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: crypto question 
As a practical matter, yes and no. Practically no, because any way you
hide the encryption key could be reverse engineered. Practically yes,
because if you work at it you can make the key hard enough to reverse
engineer that it is sufficient for your threat model.
This problem is the same problem as copy protection, digital rights
management, or protecting mobile agents from the computers they run
on. They all boil down to the same challenge; you want to put some
data on a computer you don't control but then restrict what can be
done with that data.
The digital rights management folks try to restrict the program that
uses the data; region-locked DVD players, digital music software that
obeys copyright restrictions (SDMI, etc), or the latest idea, having
an encrypted channel all the way to your speakers and monitor which
are secure tamper-proof devices. All of these schemes are defeatable,
but can be made quite difficult.
The mobile agent community has come up with some clever ideas on the
problem, but nothing that's a practical solution yet. The version here
is you want to run a program on a remote untrusted computer and you
want to prevent your computation from being subverted or stolen. It's
very hard, and my intuition was it'd be impossible, but in fact there
are some interesting thoeretical results that show it is possible, at
least in some limited domains.
I haven't followed this research recently, but here are some good
papers from a few years ago:
Towards Mobile Cryptography (1998)
Tomas Sander, Christian F. Tschudin
    We present techniques how to achieve "non--interactive computing
    with encrypted programs" in certain cases and give a complete
    solution for this problem in important instances.
Protecting Mobile Agents Against Malicious Hosts
Tomas Sander, Christian F. Tschudin

@_date: 2002-11-07 11:22:14
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: New Protection for 802.11 
Which is sort of a shame, in a way. 802.11b has no pretense of media
layer security. I've been thinking of that as an opportunity for folks
to get smarter about network and application layer security - PPTP,
IPSEC, proper authentication, etc. A lot of sites are putting their
wireless access points outside the firewall and doing VPNs and the
like to build secure links.
If WiFi gets reasonable media layer security soon, that pressure will
go away and we'll go back to media-based security. I think that's a
bad thing in the long run; you end up with systems that may be
somewhat secure at the gateway/firewall but are soft inside.                                                      nelson at monkey.org
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2002-10-22 11:17:51
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Palladium -- trivially weak in hw but "secure in software"?? (Re: palladium presentation - anyone going?) 
Adam Back says:
So maybe the Palladium folks really mean it when they say the purpose
of Palladium is not to enable DRM?
I doubt it, though. Even a paper-thin shred of hardware protection is
enough to prevent 99% of the people from circumventing DRM technology.
Joe Sixpack isn't going to install a mod chip, and his local computer
store can't do it for him for fear of prosecution for circumventing
copyright protection. If the appliance enforces DRM when you buy it,
that's good enough to guarantee revenue to the copyright holders. In
the US, at least.

@_date: 2002-09-20 10:01:04
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: unforgeable optical tokens? 
I have the pleasure of knowing one of the researchers, Ravi Pappu.
He's smart and a real expert on holography and optics.
The Nature News piece claims
  attempting to mimic the speckle pattern using some other optical
  system, such as a hologram, is completely impractical.
  That's obviously not a complete answer, but it suggests that the
problem has at least been thought about.
More details are here:
    Ravi's PhD has a section on replay attacks - section 10.3, page 135.
The claim there is you can't store all possible challenge/response
pairs because the keyspace is too big and that the actual system is
too complex to simulate.
BTW, this work comes out of the MIT Media Lab's Things That Think
research program (aka "The Center for Bits and Atoms"). Despite the
marketing fluff that sometimes surrounds Media Lab projects, there's a
lot of interesting work going on there on the intersection between
software and physical objects. RFID tags, massive embedded networking,
physical interfaces, etc. Lots of fun topics for applied cryptographers.
For a commercial spin, see ThingMagic
                                                       nelson at monkey.org
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .

@_date: 2002-09-20 12:32:46
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: unforgeable optical tokens? 
For a bit of perspective, this work comes out of a research lab that
has worked with a variety of technologies for digital IDs for physical
objects. Barcodes, RFID tags, smart cards, etc - all are ways to give
a physical object a unique sequence.
What's interesting about these optical tokens is that they are
supposedly unforgeable, and they are very cheap. By contrast barcodes
can be copied too easily. Smartcards are too expensive. Physical security tokens are the most prosaic application of this
capability. Think tracking applications, object recognition on a
wearable computer, ... Things That Think.
                                                     nelson at monkey.org
.       .      .     .    .   .  . .
