
@_date: 2007-04-22 22:26:14
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Additional Re: More info in my AES128-CBC question 
Sorry gang. In my response to David I forgot to provide the link to a brief history of ulcers from the CDC which is very interesting from the point of view of how long it takes for "experts" to accept evidence.
Have fun.

@_date: 2007-04-25 20:00:01
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: More info in my AES128-CBC question 
I love responses like this. In the physical world there are the examples of the Kyptonite lock and the Master Combination lock. By the time you hear about the methodology of the attack someone has lost their $16000+ motorcycle or had their wallet with $1000 and identity papers stolen from their gym locker and they really were telling the truth about knowing they locked it up properly.
My counter to this sort of response is, "How many people are attacking it that you don't know about yet?"
For one I can almost (not being on staff I can't be absolutely sure) guarantee that the NSA is hard at work at cracking SD cards. Why, you might ask? Simple. What would be the easiest way for a spy to smuggle critical information out of a country? As an ostensible tourist with a camera and multiple SD cards. Even easier would be to give the camera to a real tourist as a "gift" and then steal it back when they get home.
There is a very fine balancing act between confidentiality (or secrecy, if you'd rather) and an open society with accountability. America's existence is partly as a result of people objecting to a "Star Chamber" legal system and yet the security of democracy resides on having truly secure and private elections that can not be tampered with without it becoming known. This is where cryptography can play a critical role in maintaining trust in our system of governance and protecting people who hold divergent views or beliefs from intimidation.

@_date: 2007-04-29 11:12:49
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Cryptome cut off by NTT/Verio 
Hi Bill,
Tried that and got:
I have had some luck at getting the page by attempting several times, but then I got stupid and forgot to save it!
Currently I've got I'll save it as HTML and send it to anyone who wants it.
Does anyone have an alternate e-mail address for John Young? My provider is willing to host and is cheeeeeeeep - 500MB/unlimited bandwidth for less than $6/month and unlimited storage/bandwidth for less than $50 a month.
Yeah this is a bit of a plug, but I'm not getting anything for it, just letting people know that there are good folk out there.

@_date: 2007-04-29 12:11:38
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: MORE Re: Cryptome cut off by NTT/Verio 
Okay gang,
The URL/URI is
It has a lot of the shut down stuff down the page a bit. Sorry, no internal links and no images.

@_date: 2007-04-29 12:28:45
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: STILL MORE Re: Cryptome cut off by NTT/Verio 
Okay gang,
I've loaded it at:
Sorry, no images and internal links but at least the bulk is there.

@_date: 2007-08-18 17:35:50
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: a new way to build quantum computers? 
Which means, if Moore's Law still applies, that in a few years no current code created by one of the three letter agencies will be safe from prying.
So what is the statute of limitations on invasion of privacy suits? Or, if it has expired, then me may have proof available that people weren't crying wolf.
I've always loved the old saw, "Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it." My addendum is that you will probably not like the unintended consequences.

@_date: 2007-12-02 12:28:27
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: PlayStation 3 predicts next US president 
Given what we know about the limitations of people, their response to ethics, and the endemic nature of ego and bribery around the world (See list of a few samples below) I would very much doubt that this method won't be used one day. When? Who knows. But as someone who rarely bets, this is one I'd bet on.
How about the Teapot Dome Scandal, Enron, WorldCom, Michael Milken and all the others we find in our daily papers?
Or to move into an area where no money changed hands, look at:
and look at the corruption of public officials which put people to death based on lies. Read up on why the Governor of Illinois pardoned everyone on Death Row a few years back.
 criminal/ npftf/ pr/ press_releases/ 2007/ may/ 05-11-07lucas.pdf
Then, of course, there is the Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index:
Then, too, there is the Internet Center for Corruption Research:
Ego/bribery/corruption is so common, and it effects most commonly found after the fact, that to expect that a now "reputable certifier," won't become corrupted in some manner, like the notaries in Southern California in the elder fraud scandal, is placing trust in a system without verification. It takes periodic external audit to ensure the continued honesty of all certifiers. This is what SOX in the US is attempting, but like most things, never perfect the first time.
(BTW, I don't recall when or where, but recently there was a comment on a list dealing in and around cryptography that went approximately, "Who would of thought that this list would be about philosophy?" (Not a quote, just an aging memory if I got the essence wrong.)

@_date: 2007-12-02 19:56:34
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: PlayStation 3 predicts next US president 
Having been a notary in the State of California (Shocked myself, got 100% on the test!) I can attest that the contents of the document are looked at, but only so that I could record what *type* of document I was notarizing, not the exact textual meaning of the content or whether it might or might not allege something that is untrue.
The description of the document in my log book was always relatively short as there was only space for about 20 words.
The requirements are simple, see that the document you are notarizing has as many pages it says it does so that the count can't be changed without arousing suspicion, and the the person who is signing the paper is identified by enough documentation that I could be assured, within the limits of my ability to give a superficial, not expert, less than ten minutes perusal of the identification documents presented match the person presenting them to the best of my ability to judge.
It always was a good faith certification, not a proof beyond

@_date: 2007-12-10 10:06:16
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: PlayStation 3 predicts next US president 
What puzzles me in all this long and rather arcane discussion is why isn't the solution of using a double hash - MD5 *and* SHA whatever. The odds of find a double collision go way up.
Some open source software people are already doing this. I've played around with the sample files that are out there and find an easy way to do this but I don't have either the horsepower or skill to be at all definitive.
My gut tells me that using two processes that use different algorithms, even though compromised, will raise the bar so high that it would be secure for a long time.
At my skill level and horsepower I can't find even a single way to do this with CRC32 and MD5. Granted, that certainly doesn't mean a whole lot.
But to take a real world example, a safety deposit box, the two keys have to work together to open the box. It really does not matter is one is a Yale and the other a combination, either one of which are easily compromised by themselves, but together you would have to find both at the same time to open the box, a lot tougher problem.

@_date: 2007-12-10 13:41:38
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: PlayStation 3 predicts next US president 
No, the notary does not have the documents *after* they are notarized, nor do they keep copies. Having been a notary I know this personally. When I stopped being a notary all I had to submit to the state was my seal and my record books.
If I had to testify about a document I would only be attesting that the person who presented themselves adequately proved, under the prudent businessman's standard, that they were the person that they said they were and that I saw them sign the document in question. That's it. No copies at all. What would anyone have to testify about if a legal battle arose after the notary either died or stopped being a notary?
Think for a minute about the burden on a notary if they had to have a copy of every document they notarized. What a juicy target   they would make for thieves and industrial spies. No patent paperwork would be safe, no sales contract, no will, or other document. Just think how the safe and burglar alarm companies would thrive. Now ask yourself how much it costs to notarize a document. Would that pay for the copying and storage. I don't know what the current fees are in California but 20 years ago they were limited to $6.00 per person per document and an extra buck for each additional copy done at the same time. My average was about $14.00 per session. My insurance was $50/year. Nowhere near enough to cover my liability if I was to retain a copy of the document.

@_date: 2007-12-10 21:37:14
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: PlayStation 3 predicts next US president 
Thanks for the pointer. Very interesting and it proves that I don't have the horsepower at this point. (Just wait until I build that Microwulf! With the new quad core chips I should hit about 50 GigaFLOPS. And cheeep - less than 4K)
But my real point is that CRC32 while has only 2^16 possibilities, even SHA 1 with its degraded state has (IIRC) 2^55 and if we go to SHA 256 it has 2^256 possibilities.
Since MD5 and SHA 256 use two different algorithms the odds of creating a double collision are tiny at this point.
So take your enhanced Tripwire like program and have it compute two different hashes. Yes, you can create a collision in the MD5, but can you also create a simultaneous collision in the SHA 256?
This is my point.

@_date: 2007-02-04 08:31:38
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Private Key Generation from Passwords/phrases 
I'm not sure I understand this statement as I just calculated the   HMAC MD5 for "password1" using a salt of 7D00 (32,000 decimal) and got the result of 187de1db3348592a3595905a66cae418. Then I calculated the MD5 with a salt of 61A8 (25,000 decimal) and got a result of 9cad6ac9f5555d6c09fd8e99e478381f.
Are you saying that the salt is irrelevant because a dictionary attack is fast and common dictionary words would allow an easy

@_date: 2007-02-04 15:40:11
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: data under one key, was Re: analysis and implementation of LRW 
Imagine this, if you will. You have a disk with encrypted data and the key to decrypt it. You can take two paths that I can see:
1. Encrypt the old data and its key with the new, more robust, encryption algorithm and key as you migrate it from the now aged HD which is nearing the end of its lifespan. Then use the then current disk wiping technology of choice to destroy the old data. I think a blast furnace might be a great choice for a long time to come.
2. Decrypt the data using the key and re-encrypt it with the new algorithm using a new key, then migrate it to a new HD. Afterward destroy the old drive/data by your favorite method at the time. I still like the blast furnace as tool of choice.
Both approaches suffer from one defect in common - there is the assumption that the old disk you have the data on is the only copy in existence, clearly a *bad* idea if you should have a catastrophic failure of the HD or other storage device, so then it boils down to finding all known and unknown copies of the encrypted data and securely destroying them as well. Not a safe assumption as we know from looking at the history of papers dug up hundreds of years after the original appears to be lost forever.
Approach 1 also suffers from the problem that we may not have the software readily available waaay down the road to decrypt the many layers of the onion. And that will surely bring tears to our Since we know that we can not protect against future developments in cryptanalysis - just look at both linear and differential analysis versus earlier tools - how do we create an algorithm that is proof against the future? Frankly I don't think it is possible and storing all those one-time pads is too much of a headache, as well as risky, to bother with. So what do we do?
This is where I think we need to set our sights on "...good enough given what we know now...." This does not mean sloppy thinking, just that at some point you have done the best humanly possible to assess and mitigate risks.
Anyone got better ideas?

@_date: 2007-02-04 15:46:41
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Entropy of other languages 
Hi gang,
An idle question. English has a relatively low entropy as a language. Don't recall the exact figure, but if you look at words that start with "q" it is very low indeed.
What about other languages? Does anyone know the relative entropy of other alphabetic languages? What about the entropy of ideographic languages? Pictographic? Hieroglyphic?

@_date: 2007-02-26 21:23:30
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: padlocks with backdoors - TSA approved 
Hi Hadmut,
Welcome to the world of total stupidity. I was in the hardware store the other and looked at those cheap luggage looks and thought about how thieves might be able to utilize the weakness of the system to rip off people, but then..., well I looked at the Master brand, generally a good brand, and a couple of other combination lock brands in the $30 to $45 USD range where you can set the combination to whatever you want. Guess what? They all seemed to use the same key to enable setting the combination. Now, granted, you have to open the lock first then you use the key to release the cylinders to set the combination, but it seems to me that with a little work one could figure out how to bypass the security mechanism to open the lock quickly.
Then, too, there are some great lock picking sites on the net that will teach you how to pick even so called security locks.
Much like DES slowed people down until they developed the technology to overcome the encryption, locks are only as good as the lack of knowledge that the average crook has.
Look up the Kryptonite motorcycle lock that was about $65 USD and a kid in a bike shop figured out how to hack the lock with a $0.19 USD BIC Pen. Lock had been made and sold for twenty plus years with the same weakness in design.
That was truly a zero day exploit.
Oh, and another story for you on failure in design. We are thinking of re-financing our house. The mortgage company keeps all the personal identifiable data in encrypted form in their offices, but when they send me the quote it's in plain text in an Thinking through all aspects of the design and application of a security model is mostly lacking as far as I can tell.

@_date: 2007-01-06 13:13:32
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: (Short) Intro and question 
Hi everyone,
I'm Allen Schaaf and I'm primarily an information security analyst - I try to look at things like a total stranger and ask all the dumb questions hoping to stumble on one or two that hadn't been asked before that will reveal a potential risk.
I'm currently consulting at a very large HMO and finding that there are lots of questions that have not been asked so I'm having fun.
One of the questions that I have been raising is trust and how to ensure that that it is not misplaced or eroded over time. Which leads me to my question for the list: I can see easily how to do split key for 2 out of x for key recovery, but I can't seem to find a reference to the 3 out of x problem.
In case I have not been clear enough, it is commonly known that it is harder to get collusion when three people need to act together than when there are just two. For most encryption 2 out x is just fine, but some things need a higher level of security than 2 out of x can provide.
Thanks for any tips, ideas, solutions, or pointers.
Allen Schaaf
Information Security Analyst
Certified Network Security Analyst and
Intrusion Forensics Investigator - CEH, CHFI
Certified EC-Council Instructor - CEI
Security is lot like democracy - everyone's for it but
few understand that you have to work at it constantly.

@_date: 2007-01-17 15:07:49
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Private Key Generation from Passwords/phrases 
The whole issue of entropy is a bit vague for me - I don't normally work at that end of things - so could you point to a good tutorial on the subject, or barring having a reference handy, could you give an overview?

@_date: 2007-01-18 14:11:06
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: It's a Presidential Mandate, Feds use it. How come you are not 
I believe you are correct as to the algorithm, but the snake-oil is in the implementation,
As I have often said, "A misplaced comma in an English sentence will merely get you a bad reputation as a writer, however, a misplaced comma in a nuclear weapons project may leave an enduring mark on the world."
Algorithms can be perfect and implementation sloppy. If you can review the code you might find the problem, but with proprietary code, fergetit.
As I recall there have been a few problems with Kerberos in the past.

@_date: 2007-01-24 12:01:07
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Attacking the hash (WAS: Private Key Generation from Passwords/phrases) 
Hi gang,
As an outsider, sort of, looking in I had an interesting thought about this. Since insider threats are the biggest problem, what vector could an insider use against password hashes to gain root password access?
The problem with Rainbow tables is that they would be too massive when the salt was 4096 to be practical unless you had the power of NSA or an equivalent supporting your efforts.
However, what about attacking the salt? How good is the PRNG for the salt? Is it at all predictable?
Here is one approach that might work. Keep entering the same password(s) and collecting the resultant hashes until you get several duplicates. Then analyze the results to see if there is a pattern to the repetition that would allow for a birthday attack against the salt that would allow an attack against the root password hash or other administrative rights password hashes that could be collected.
I suspect this would be somewhat difficult to code but once done almost the entire attack could be done off-line on a machine that uses the same password hash creation mechanism so you wouldn't trigger an IDS or similar audit process on the network under attack.
Given the long history of industrial espionage in the corporate world I'm sure that there are probably small teams working to collect information that have somewhat more resources than an individual or outsider group might have, making the effort required feasible.

@_date: 2007-01-24 12:44:19
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Private Key Generation from Passwords/phrases 
Here might be a screwy way of increasing the entropy of a passphrase while still allowing it to be readable/memorization.
At Cambridge a number of years ago they were doing readability
studies and out of it came the following funny quote:
Well, it sure messes with any dictionary based attack. :)

@_date: 2007-01-24 15:28:50
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: analysis and implementation of LRW 
Am I doing the math correctly that 2^64 blocks of 128 bits is 2^32 bytes or about 4 gigs of data? Or am I looking at this the wrong way?
If 4 gigs is right, would it then be records to look for to break the code via birthday attacks would be things like seismic data, which tend to be very large. Feed a known file in and look at the output and use that to find the key for the unknown files?
As you can tell, my interests are often the vectors, not the exact details of how to achieve the crack. Currently I'm dealing with very large - though not as large as 4 gig - x-ray, MRI, and similar files that have to be protected for the lifespan of the person, which could be 70+ years after the medical record is created. Think of the MRI of a kid to scan for some condition that may be genetic in origin and has to be monitored and compared with more recent results their whole life.

@_date: 2007-01-30 11:02:19
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: data under one key, was Re: analysis and implementation of LRW 
Thanks for attempting to fix my badly worded post. What I think I really meant is that the data quantity is so large there would be   key re-use, allowing attack that way.
I can't imagine any way of managing the number of one-time-pads that would be needed for 70+ years of medical records of 6+ million patients.
Alas, still not practical in large real-world scenarios, if I understand what I've seen so far. Maybe in 20 years.
I'll skip the rest of your excellent, and thought provoking post as it is future and I'm looking at now.
 From what you've written and other material I've read, it is clear that even if the horizon isn't as short as five years, it is certainly shorter than 70. Given that it appears what has to be done is the same as the audio industry has had to do with 30 year old master tapes when they discovered that the binder that held the oxide to the backing was becoming gummy and shedding the music as the tape was playing - reconstruct the data and re-encode it using more up to date technology.
I guess we will have grunt jobs for a long time to come. :)

@_date: 2007-06-22 21:44:56
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: question re practical use of secret sharing 
Actually I worked on a project recently that had this scenario.
Paramedic team picks up heart attack/stroke/serious accident patient. The paramedic tending the patient is using a laptop to record EKG or other electronic medical process.
Even with the siren on they get in a serious accident that puts the paramedic in a coma due to a concussion. The laptop with the data is broken.
At the hospital they yank the hard drive and using an adapter cable mount it on another computer. However, since medical data is considered personal and private data the hard drive is encrypted. The patient, especially if a stroke victim, needs to have his condition understood immediately. Yes, they can do the same tests again, but that does not give them a baseline to compare to: Is the patient getting worse, staying the same, or maybe even improving? With a stroke victim there is a very short window for doing some types of treatment.
How do you recover the data?
Two solutions were considered, one was secret sharing and the other was StrongAuth's commercial version of the open source StrongKey. The StrongAuth approach was better than the secret sharing but both were way ahead of the next possible choice.
The primary reason that the StrongAuth approach would work better is that the medical data would be stored an a folder/partition that every person with the same level of access rights or higher could access the data with their own authentication via a stored certificate. This would mean there would be many people's certificate stored on the drive, but being relatively small this would not pose a problem.
The secret sharing was next best because anyone at the hospital could call a central paging system that would page all security people with the number to login to. If enough shares were created - we were thinking 99+ for a major medical system - then the minimum needed - we were thinking three - to recover the key would be available 24/7/366 to generate the needed key to allow Both would work, but in this scenario, the local certificate would be faster by several minutes. If StrongAuth did not exist, then the secret sharing approach would be the only approach that could be made to work fast enough.
Granted this seems like a corner case, but, trust me, this scenario happens several times a year in the USA. What with medical diagnosis and treatment being pushed closer to the scene of the emergency this is likely to become more common.
Except for time critical events, secret sharing is the easiest to deploy and use in a robust way but there are very few, none that I could find, implementations of it that would have enough shares to cover vacations, out of range, and other vagaries of human BTW, on the net is a demo of secret sharing:

@_date: 2007-06-30 04:45:38
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Backdoor Man... 
Hi gang,
Apparently "Backdoor Man" is still popular, but not as a blues.
So, the question is, can you trust *any* commercial vendor where you can't verify the code?
We have no clue if this was done for Intuit itself or if it was done at the request of some _agency_; however, even if it was only done for Intuit it does leave a rather sour taste because this is yet another proof of security by obscurity does not work and will eventually be exploited.
BTW, does anyone have a conversion metric for, say John the Ripper on a P4 3GHz with 1GB of memory (or some other commodity level computer) to the tera (soon to be peta it looks like) flop ratings on super computers?

@_date: 2007-03-03 04:09:36
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Cracking the code? 
Hi gang,
On recent consulting gig, I came across what I think is a potential vulnerability and wanted to see how crazy my thinking is.
Without mentioning the exact place or piece of software because of NDAs, here is the basic scenario.
The tool stores the hex version of the remote access password in a field that is visible to the end user. The default setting of the software is that if you enter ASCII into the field, it will calculate the hex version and display it. At this site the sys admins have decided that this is not a user settable field so once set the user can not change it except with the help of an admin. There is also no policy in place to require periodic password changes.
Also every user in the entire enterprise has this field visible in their LDAP address information that anyone in the company can access at any time. The address info also contains the user name for logging onto the network. The password for remote access appears to be the same as the password for logging onto the machine even when it it not connected to the domain.
Next, trial versions of the software are available that still have the default setting where the user can enter any password and the hex value will be shown. As to the password algorithm itself, I don't know what it is. I don't know if it uses an IV that changes for every password that is entered, but that would be easy to check with the trial version. What research I've done says that it is derived from AES128 and it is a fixed field length. There is more than a bit of security by obscurity at play So it seems to me this is vulnerable to a know text attack: i.e., enter "known password 1" get back "hex value 1", etc. By hand it would take a while to build a list of equivalences, but I assume that a clever perl hacker, which I'm not, could code a widget that would automate this, taking a common dictionary such as from Cain & Abel, John the Ripper or some such, and fairly quickly build a list of password/hex pairs. With this list in hand an insider bent on industrial espionage could find the weak passwords of sys admins and logon as them and do whatever nefarious deeds they wish.
My questions are: A) is this as vulnerable as it seems at first blush? B) how many password/hex pairs would be needed to deduce the underlying algorithm?, C) If one could deduce the algorithm, could the attack be generalized so that it could be used against other enterprises that use the same software? (It is very(!) widely deployed), and D) am I missing something in my thinking?

@_date: 2007-03-29 20:23:17
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Governance of anonymous financial services 
I assume that you mean the owner of the on-line financial service when you say "operator," correct? In which case what exactly are the auditors going to be looking at when comes time to audit but the operator's identity, whereabouts, the servers and a portion of the assets are undisclosed?
In a basic sense auditing is to see if the reality behind the books matches the books. That the number of sheaves of wheat you have in the warehouse match the number you have in the office. If you can not locate the reality what are you verifying?
I've been involved after a compliance audit that in reality was totally bogus because some aspects of the business in question - a financial institution at that - did not have an accurate org chart so the unit that was clearly out of compliance in their use of private data which wasn't being protected properly didn't even get looked at. This is a business with a major physical presence and yet the auditor's stamp of approval meant nothing.
I think, rather than governance, this goes to the heart of trust in relationships. Governance to me is more the process of verifying that the trust is not misplaced and that audits are simply one way, but only one of many ways, of quantifying the level of trust one can have in the relationship.
My sense is that cryptography's role in this is to protect the assets from external forces, not verifying that insiders haven't cooked the books. However, I have been known to be wrong a time or two.

@_date: 2007-03-31 10:42:43
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Governance of anonymous financial services 
============================== START ==============================
Although your schema is quite good I think it fails to account for the underhanded nature of some humans and the benefits to be gained under some situations.
Think about the counterfeiting of all currency (even US) by the British during WWII, think about counterfeiting in general, stocks, bonds, salted mines, and the host of other scams that have happened over time. One common factor is that as the protections get better, the skill of the nefarious improves.
The other limitation of your schema is that the fractions without seals on the second round can not be verified until there is a third round, and then the unsealed fractions on the third round can not be verified until the fourth round, etc. Because of this you have to seal all assets and leave them sealed until the next audit to prevent the same unsealed package from being presented Simply put if there are 100 fractions alleged and the auditors request 30, which are then sealed. On the second round they request 30, if the math was perfect and no randomness crept in, the second lot of 30 should contain about 9 sealed packages and 21 unsealed. This could be met by having only 51 fractions total. So you add a few more for safety  and you need maybe 60, quite a shortfall from 100.
For a quick look at the other schema proposed using cross signed transactions and other cryptographic methods, there is the human arrogance factor to consider. Some people, like the Yellow Kid, are very convincing in their lies and will happily sign any document alleging that the moon is made of green cheese and that the Lunar Landing was a fraud foisted off on a gullible public because they figure the odds of them being caught are so small and so far in the future that they will have been able to high themselves off to an untouchable spot like some overthrown tin pot  dictator from South America and live in splendor the rest of their natural days. It is only a very short step from this to stock fraud and other financial scandals that we have seen over the last few years.
As I see it, cryptography is an excellent tool to raise the barrier to the less skillful, but it is, like all tools, manipulated by humans. Some are more skillful in their use of tools than others and find creative ways to solve problems.
A small sample. Do you know what a dent puller is? It's a slide hammer with a screw on the tip that you screw into the sheet metal of the dents in your car to render the surface flatter so it can be treated with Bondo and paint to make it look like it was never there. Guess what? Some clever person realized that some common door locks could be broken with the same device so for a while there was a lot of breaking an entering with this tool.
Another, and more recent, case is the Kryptonite bike and motorcycle lock. Thick, hardened steel not easily cracked, except by some 17 year old bike shop kid with a 19 cent Bic pen.
This is a great subject with lots to explore, both technically and socially. I love it and all the wonderful thinking it brings out.

@_date: 2007-05-02 17:14:20
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Was a mistake made in the design of AACS? 
I know I'm in over my head on this so my apologies, but if the key is used in one machine in a product line - Sony DVD players say - then if they find the one machine that it came from and disable it, wouldn't figuring out the key for the next machine in the production run be relatively trivial as the algorithm and hardware implementation used by all machines of a give run be the same? Therefore, couldn't one buy several of them and use them one after another as they are discovered and disabled?
So, in order to prevent any of those machines from being used they'd have to disable a whole lot of machines owned by ordinary individuals, right? What are the downside risks for Sony in doing What am I missing in this picture?

@_date: 2007-05-02 17:20:02
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Was a mistake made in the design of AACS? 
However, the money spent in trying to enforce control comes straight from the bottom line and is therefore limited if they want to stay profitable in the long run. True, they do have deep pockets, but they could be nibbled to death by ducks as they are very big targets and the ducks are small and have wings.

@_date: 2007-05-12 07:33:03
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Ross Anderson paper on fraud, risk and nonbank payment systems 
In fact, I believe, it is even more important because it is the snail trail that connects the people involved. Significant sized anti-social activities are very rarely one-man bands.
Given this, rather than requiring proof of identity to open bank accounts, etc, we should encourage transactions through the normal channels in order to better follow the money, if we are truly after criminals. All the extra controls do is force ordinary people who can't, for whatever reason, meet the proof of identity standards to create covert channels to transact their business. These then become the means the real crooks then use to commit whatever it is they do.
The best parallels I can think of are Prohibition and the War on Drugs. Look at the total chaos brought on by Prohibition. Fortunately we were wise enough to put a stop to that relatively, for social controls, quickly. The War on Drugs; however, we have not been as smart about, and now, just over 100 years later we are spending multi-billions to bring forth an occasional mouse displayed in screaming headlines.
Both Prohibition and the War on Drugs responded to each new general control by creating covert channels for transacting business. The $10,000 alert system created smurfing where deposits were always less. Now that they have instituted controls on transfers of $5,000 or more, guess what? I think you can see the trend. In addition by imposing general controls what they do is spread the work around. The crooks have to hire more people to do the work which creates a mindset in a larger number of people that laws oppress and that you are better off living outside the To bring it back to encryption, what are the goals we are trying to achieve by using encryption? Are they goals whereby we create barriers between people? Or are the goals to assist people in creating connections that are secure and enhance trust? The tools themselves are neutral.

@_date: 2007-05-26 17:58:50
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: A crazy thought? 
Hi Gang,
In a class I was in today a statement was made that there is no way that anyone could present someone else's digital signature as their own because no one has has their private key to sign it with. This was in the context of a CA certificate which had it inside. I tried to suggest that there might be scenarios that could accomplish this but was told "impossible." Not being totally clear on all the methods that bind the digital signature to an identity I let it be; however, the "impossible" mantra got me to thinking about it and wondering what vectors might make this possible.
Validating a digital signature requires getting the public key from some source, like a CA, or a publicly accessible database and decrypting the signature to validate that the private key associated with the public key created the digital signature, or "open message."
Which lead me to the thought of trust in the repository for the public key. Here in the USA, there is a long history of behind the scenes "cooperation" by various large companies with the forces of the law, like the wiretap in the A&TT wire room, etc.
What is to prevent this from happening at a CA and it not being known for a lengthy period of time? Jurors have been suborned for political reasons, why not CAs? Would you, could you trust a CA based in a country with a low ethics standard or a low regard for human rights?
Which lead me to the thought that if it is possible, what could be done to reduce the risk of it happening?
It occurred to me that perhaps some variation of "separation of duties" like two CAs located in different political environments might be used to accomplish this by having each cross-signing the certificate so that the compromise of one CA would trigger an invalid certificate. This might work if the compromise of the CA happened *after* the original certificate was issued, but what if the compromise was long standing? Is there any way to accomplish this?
Best to all,

@_date: 2007-05-28 20:27:44
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: A crazy thought? 
Two birds with one shot. :)
I never said that the CA had your private key, only that they could validate an open message came from whomever held the private key associated with a given public key.
I like going back to historical instances to illustrate issues because people can read about them from second sources and perhaps get clues about the issue they might not of otherwise.
In this case I'll refer to a commonly acknowledged observation that the biggest financial backer of the Communist Party, USA, in the 1950s was the FBI. Another instance of a similar sort is that in many cases during the anti-Vietnam war years, the people advocating violent actions turned out to be paid agents of the FBI and other government agencies.
And a third scenario to consider is the capture of German spies by the British and them using them to send both bogus and real intelligence back to their masters.
PKI and other similar structures are an attempt to maintain confidentiality between two parties that are not present in the same room while at the same time assure each other that they are indeed talking to who they think they are.
In the case of the FBI agents they were not talking to whom they though they were. With the German spies, they were, but the spies had been suborned with threats of the noose if they did not comply.
Same problem, two different expressions. How do you trust who you are talking to is the person they represent themselves as? It is almost a side issue whether anyone else is privy to the contents of the conversation, important to prevent misuse and fraud by others, but not central to the first point: Identification.
In a private e-mail a suggestion was made that it might be possible for a CA to issue a second certificate alleging it to be yours but in fact it belonged to someone else. In this case which is the real you as represented by the conflicting certificates?
Ah, yes, the rule of law. Well, I think we've seen enough with the Real Innocence Project validating that people are put to death with customary "legal" processes and that Guantanamo Bay exists to say that if the law is your only protection you need help in a big way if someone gets a burr up their butt about you.
My goal in this discussion examine how we can keep the underlying issues clear and utilize tools, like cryptography, to assist us in achieving well founded trust relationships.

@_date: 2007-05-30 20:25:41
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: A crazy thought? 
Who is you? That is the real question. To leave CAs out for the moment, imagine J. Doe and J. Doe, two different people, each put a public key on a server and you get a message created with a private key. You get the public key and validate it comes from one of the two J. Does. The question is who is the "real" J. Doe? Is one real and the other a repudiated key? Is one real and the other is trying to "steal" the identity of the other? Or is it simply that there are, indeed, two people with the same name?
Adding a CA merely adds one layer of obfuscation and opportunity for false certification.
Will they? What evidence do you have that "proves" the certificate is bogus? Say that the person who is having his identity stolen for whatever purpose discovers that there is a second certificate with his name on it but a different public key, what can he do, yell loudly, "No, I'm the real me!" How do we know that it isn't someone who is trying to muddy the waters and that the certificate holder is the real person?
How many "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" cases would have to happen before we wouldn't trust *any* public key to represent who we think it does?
How will dissident groups keep from getting compromised when fighting oppression?

@_date: 2007-11-06 12:09:53
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Hushmail in U.S. v. Tyler Stumbo 
So the obvious point is that Hushmail, and systems like it, become "concentrators" and possible single points of failure.
If, on the other hand, you handled your own PKI to send symmetrical keys to your correspondents and managed the keys with something like StrongKey, then one could use a vast number of ISPs/SMTP points so that they may never get a clear path of send and reply through a single ISP.
As Jon Callas said, "If the system is strong, it all comes down to your operational security."
Security is not a thing, it is a process that uses tools and procedures to accomplish the goal. As I like to say, "Security is lot like democracy - everyone's for it but few understand that you have to work at it constantly."

@_date: 2007-11-18 19:26:17
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: google as password cracker 
And you can also find some SHA-1 hashes as well as base 64 encoded MD5 & SHA-1 hashes googling for them and the results are located at  for "Anthony" The fun part of this is that it has alpha upper and lower, up to twelve characters on 856 pages. Not exhaustive but a starting point. The list is in first letter alpha ordered.

@_date: 2007-09-03 20:55:55
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: In all the talk of super computers there is not... 
There does not seem to be much consideration about what is computationally infeasible, even with rainbow tables.
If I remember correctly an 8 character 94 key space table is about 300 MB. How big would it be if it was covering 12 characters? How long would it take to compute assuming 1,000 3 GHz CPUs on a bot net?
Now take the phrase "Mary had a lamb, and its fleece was as white as snow." Not counting the quotes it is 52 characters and has both upper and lower case characters, spaces and two specials or a total of 55 key space. How big would the rainbow table be to contain that? How long would it take to compute with 1,000 3 GHz Of course one could not assume that the pass phrase would only have the 55 above, so what about the 94 key space table for 52 characters? How big? How long to compute?
 From the spreadsheet I have it runs out of space to calculate and just renders errors.
I'm guessing that even the botnets in current use couldn't do it in any reasonable time frame nor is the storage space available at an affordable price for any but three letter agencies.
Am I correct?

@_date: 2007-09-05 21:01:45
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: In all the talk of super computers there is not... 
Hi Martin,
I did forget to say that it would be salted so that throws it off by 2^12
A couple of questions. How did you come up with the ~2.5 bits per word? Would a longer word have more bits?
Why are you using entropy rather than 2^(keyspace)? With 55 possible characters per each individual character space, a 12 character password would have 766,217,865,410,400,000,000
possible combinations without a salt.
Tom Sullivan's Excel spreadsheet for calculating Rainbow Tables, as corrected by Philippe Oechlin, and based on Philippe's optimization in the following reference:
says that it would take 180.341 years to crack with an 86% chance of success at a hash calculation rate of 100,000,000/sec.
Based on the same speed it would take only 247,465.463 years to calculate the Rainbow Tables.
So what it boils down to is what is the calculation rate of a 1000 CPU botnet in reality? I chose the 100,000,000 rate sort of arbitrarily, making assumptions about the hours of real use and the % of CPU time that would be devoted to creating the Rainbow Even if one were to assume that the real rate would be 1,000 times faster, it still would take nearly 25 years to create the tables for a twelve character password. If you go to 15 characters then it says it is a mere 4 million years to generate the tables.

@_date: 2007-09-17 11:20:32
@_author: Netsecurity 
@_subject: using SRAM state as a source of randomness 
Back in the late 60's I was playing with audio and a magazine I subscribed
to had a circut for creating warble tones for standing wave and room
resonance testing.
The relevance of this is that they were using a "random" noise generating
chip that they acknowledged was not random enough for good measurements. The
fix suggested was to parallel a number, six as I recall, to improve the
randomness by mixing the signals to achieve better randomness. I don't
recall the math but the approach improved the randomness by more than an
order of magnitude. I have also seen the same effect on reverse biased zener diodes used as
random noise generators and that seemed - no real hard measurements that I
can recall - to work quite well. Mind you these were not zeners all
fabricated on a single chip, but rather individuals soldered together so the
charateristics of each were more random because of the semi-randomness of
the manufacturing process.
Perhaps a similar approach could be used here.
--------- Original Message --------
majordomo at metzdowd.com
Message sent using UebiMiau 2.7.10

@_date: 2008-04-18 20:02:28
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Cruising the stacks and finding stuff 
[Moderator's note: I think Allen's math is rather seriously off here,
but I'll let other people address that --Perry]
Hi gang,
Back in the old days when there were public stacks in the San Francisco Library I used to love to just wander and see what came to hand. In the early days of the net there was Archie and Gopher and they were great fun. The search engines took some of the randomness out of that kind of stack searching so I found Peter's reference to  very nostalgic and spent a bit of time wandering around to find, by chance,  where they are talking about cracking A5/1 GSM in middling real time at about ~7 hours using only 64 bits of the stream.
They were doing it using hardware costing less than a few grand, I'd guess, given that the core chips are 120 Xilinx Spartan3-XC3S1000 FPGAs at a cost of about $10/each. It isn't hard to imagine that a three letter agency is reading A5/1 in near to real time after a burp to kick start the decryption.
Granted A5/1 is known to be very weak, but how much weaker than AES-128? Ten orders of magnitude? I haven't a clue and can't find any estimate to compare AES-128 with A5/1 so I'll just use that 10 orders as a stake in the sand. Next, let's assume that the machine, COPACOBANA, cost $10K. Assume non-linear speed improvements with more chips so 10 times the size is only 6 times as fast. Assuming these metrics then a machine costing ~$10M would take ~2 minutes to start spitting out the decrypted stream.
Add Moore's Law, a bigger budget and a more efficient machine, how long before AES-128 can be decoded in less than a day?
It does make one ponder.
May your nightmares never survive sunrise,

@_date: 2008-04-22 21:11:27
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Cruising the stacks and finding stuff 
I find it odd that the responses all seem to focus on pure brute force when I did mention three other factors that might be in play: a defect in the algorithm much like the attack on MD5 which reduces it to an effective length of about 80 bits, if I recall correctly, and/or a different analytical tool/approach much like differential analysis has had an affect on cryptanalysis as a whole, and a purpose built machine.
As to using DES as a measuring stick, it was first cracked in 1997 using a software approach which was state as not being as fast as a hardware solution. In the process of straight brute force Rock Verser came up with a faster method:
which uses some of the weaknesses of DES to speed the crack
At the end of the original challenge they were trying about 7 billion keys per second when the time that the solution was found in June 1997. Granted this was a whole bunch of low end machines working in parallel.
Then there is a table at:
Then they say, "So, while it's infeasible for DESCHALL to crack a 72 bit key, it seems that 64 might be within reach, by adding more machines. (We probably used between 15,000 and 20,000 machines.) Consider that the RC5-32/12/5 (40 bits) key crack took three and a half hours. The distributed computer we put together could do it in about 78 seconds.
The RC5-32/12/6 (48 bits) key crack took 13 days. A DESCHALL-sized effort could do it in 5 hours."
They have a table that estimates that a $300 million AISC machine could crack DES in 38 seconds back in 1995!
In 1998 DESIII did it in less than 24 hours.
The key point is: "Despite the immense power of the EFF Deep Crack, distributed.net's thousands of deployed clients still surpassed the EFF hardware by more than a factor of 2 in speed."
So Moore's law since then, 9 years 3 months: 111 months, say about 64 times as powerful (actually it is more but let's stick with a strict Moore's Law) and now factor in drop in prices at the same time. If we assume the same factor as Moore's law, and divide the price by 64, let's say 60 for simplicity. So not even counting 1995 to 1999, the machine would take about a half second on a <$5 million dollar machine today. Probably both less time and money.
Today running the RSA-72 DNETC on a single 2.8G dual core machine that is almost three years old it is getting 13^6/second with a software program, not hardware.
Also the largest known group of cryptanalysts is at NSA with a big budget to find weaknesses so I would not assume none will be found, just not made public. Sure, it took 400 years to figure out an answer to Fermat's Last Theorem. But we know more today and have more tools so progress (if we can call it that) is faster now.
Given all of this, I'm not sure of the value of arguing 128 bit is good enough when 256 is not all that much harder to implement and with in a couple of years will be just as fast in processing while even now, for the size of files being protected, such as credit card data and such, is small enough that the wait time probably wouldn't be noticed in network latency.
I see the argument as much like the way the Titanic was built. The double hull stopped short of the waterline and the breach was above it. Total fluke, but it the double hull had been about 8 feet higher up the side we wouldn't have had so many stories to tell and adventures to watch in awe on the tube. The reality is it was not the technology that failed, but rather human error in not going further to meet the risk than was seen at the time. The bizarre thing is the same basic error was the cause of the Exon Valdez disaster. Not protecting against a well know risk, drunk captains. Funny how almost all tankers have double hulls now. But that still didn't prevent the Busan from spilling 58,000 gallons of bunker oil in the San Francisco Bay. If they hadn't had a double hull, how much would the have spilled?
Oh, well, given how risk adverse we tend to be it is odd the choices we make.

@_date: 2008-04-26 13:58:42
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: more on malicious hardware 
So when do the contests start by adventuresome minds to see how *few* gates are needed to compromise a chip's security much like the self replicating code referenced by Ken Thompson in his paper?

@_date: 2008-08-18 13:39:53
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Extended certificate error 
Hi Gang,
More from the land of CAs.
I just got a warning that a certificate had expired and yet the data in it says:
The error message says: "The digital signature was generated with a trusted certificate but has expired."
I'm running Firefox 3.01, and Java 6 Update 7.
The error appears to be with Java as that is the window that pops up.

@_date: 2008-08-18 22:43:25
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Extended certificate error 
Hi Peter,
I checked the chain - goes directly from  certificate to Thwate. All of Thwate's on my list expire 12/31/2020 15:59:59 PM except for the primary root CA which is 7/16/2036 16:59:59 PM, and the Thwate Extended Validation SSL CA which is 11/16/2016 15:59:59 PM.
As to my system clock, I was asked off list about this and here is what I said: "(I) Connect to time.nist.gov or one of a long list every 24 hours. My clock says 3:00 PDT August 18th and I just double checked by re-syncing:
SYNC-ATTEMPT    Host: mizbeaver.udel.edu    Aug-18-2008 15:00:22 SUCCESS    39678.9169097222    39678.9169243634 00000.0000146412 (rounded) is I think quite good enough. :)
As to just clicking through, either stupid for not trusting that everything is okay, cautious, or just plain curious why. Take your pick. ;->

@_date: 2008-08-26 17:09:27
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: OpenSSH compromise at Red Hat 
I'm a bit surprised no one has mentioned the Red Hat server being hacked and the certificated being compromised on Fedora.

@_date: 2008-12-06 03:51:24
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Lifting Some Restrictions on Encryption Exports 
Hi gang,
Actually that notice is out of date. There is a new one dated October 3, 2008 (73 FR 57495) and it can be seen at:
The part of this that is of particular interest is the following:
So open source bypasses the requirement for export control on cryptography, which is classified as 5D002.
You also might want to consult:
which goes into some details, especially on page 5, second column, were reference is made to:

@_date: 2008-02-03 15:53:25
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: TCP, SSL, SSH, TLS, HTTP and other tools of mass... 
The title on this post is not fair, I agree. The real question I
want to ask is, "Do we ever get it *right* the first time?"
Let's step outside cryptography to look at a possible answer and
avoid the traps inherent in discussing current politics.
 From 1908 to 1927 more than 15 million Model Ts were built.
The Model T got a bunch of things right. Availability, mileage
that we are only now exceeding in a mass way, simplicity. It only
took oatmeal, chewing gum and bailing wire to keep it running.
;-> And it managed all this when roads were hardly more than
muddy ruts.
The use of vanadium steel was one of the key right things as well
  and is part of the reason why many still are running.
And it got a bunch of things wrong, not always on purpose, but
rather that they had not had enough experience to understand
*what* was wrong. My dad told me that learning to drive one was
more than a bit of a challenge given the hodge podge of controls
and they way they interacted. If I recall correctly second gear
and the emergency brake were controlled by the same lever to the
left of the driver.
One of the other things to remember that it cost $850 in 1908 and
about $300 by 1927. Figuring inflation into the price and it
probably only cost $150 or less in 1908 dollars
A lot of this is like early computer interconnects and their
controls. Think back 19 years and what was it like? My memory is
that it was a lot like the early days of cars before the Model T.
All the discussion about the weaknesses and strengths of the
various controls seems a lot like car manufacturing before the
Model T.
So, if history tends to repeat itself, I'd expect a Model T to be
about where we are now, and we should start planning for its
replacement. If we learn from the history of the evolution of the
car we might be able to avoid some of the pitfalls of Edsels,
tailfins and other geegaws. But don't bet on it or hold your breath.
So, back to the core question, did we get the Internet and its
controls right the first time? Nope. Will we get it right the
second time? Nope. Will we ever get it right? Nope.
My feeling is that all the discussions about the limitations or
advantages of what we have right now in terms of controls takes
our eyes off of change, for change *will* happen whether we like
it or not. And not all of it will be for the better as we have
seen with recent events around identity theft, phishing, XSS,
etc. And, of course, the big fish swallowing the littler fish,
making for a mono culture very prone to an unexpected disease.
We might be able to reduce the missteps if we concentrate on
keeping what works and only fiddling with that which is weak.
Hope ever, hope on.

@_date: 2008-01-18 10:52:44
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Death of antivirus software imminent 
However, we do know that "criminals" are not always lazy. The trite comment often said is that if they used the same level of effort in a legal enterprise they would have done quite well.
The other proof that they are not lazy is looking at the evolution of the sophistication of malware like Storm and Nugache. It takes some serious effort to overcome the real handicaps that you point out as well as the ratio of the power and numbers that are hunting to put them out of business to their own numbers.
In many ways it is similar to a guerrilla war where many of the advantages are actually held by the tiny band of insurgents, who, greatly outnumbered and out-gunned, can in fact change history. The Swiss know this and train their military based on this.
Do not be surprised if the dissidents of all stripes use improvisation based on malware and other tools like onion routing to further their causes and evade suppression.
BTW, while I do not think all dissidents are righteous or fighting for righteous causes this does negate the general idea. A hammer is a hammer. Good or evil is independent of the tools, it depends on what one is pounding, nails or heads.

@_date: 2008-01-29 18:10:32
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: two-person login? 
You might also try "Shamir's split key knowledge" which has been around for many years and there is even a demo of how it works as part of a great tool for introducing security, encryption and similar bits at: I use the tool when teaching classes to executives and even they can get it so you know it is pretty easy to follow. Very well written explanations.

@_date: 2008-07-04 16:04:11
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Secure voice? 
Interesting tidbit:
"Nick Ogden, a Briton who launched one of the world's first e-commerce processors in 1994, has developed a system for voice-signed financial transactions. The Voice Transact platform was developed by Ogden's Voice Commerce Group in partnership with U.S. speech software firm Nuance Communications."

@_date: 2008-07-04 20:46:13
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Upper limit? 
Is there an upper limit on the number of RSA Public/Private 1024 bit key pairs possible? If so what is the relationship of the number of 1024 bit to the number of 2048 and 4096 bit key pairs?

@_date: 2008-07-10 10:58:36
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Dutch chipmaker sues to silence security researchers 
Ah, more 3 monkeys syndrome? If a flaw exists but nobody knows about the details, it no longer exists? If we don't publish the evidence about the Earth being round, then it will stay flat, right? Perhaps NXP merely wants to secure the job continuity of sys admins, compliance, and security people, do you think?
Given that those in charge rarely listen in any case, perhaps they are trying to promote stress related health problems in a secret conspiracy with doctors. ;->

@_date: 2008-07-24 20:35:08
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: [Fwd: [ekmi] Public Review of SKSML v1.0] 
In as much as good key management is fundamental to cryptography functioning appropriately I think that this is a good time for a peek at the proposed standard to find the holes before we wind up b$%^&ing about how badly it was and trying to figure out how to get out from the hole that was dug because of a lack of oversight by the general cryptography community.
Best Regards,
-------- Original Message --------
Reply-To: Organization: OASIS
To OASIS members, Public Announce Lists:
The OASIS Enterprise Key Management Infrastructure (EKMI) TC has recently approved the following specification as a Committee Draft and approved the package for public review:
Symmetric Key Services Markup Language (SKSML) Version 1.0
The public review starts today, 24 July 2008, and ends 23 September 2008. This is an open invitation to comment. We strongly encourage feedback from potential users, developers and others, whether OASIS members or not, for the sake of improving the interoperability and quality of OASIS work. Please feel free to distribute this announcement within your organization and to other appropriate
mail lists.
More non-normative information about the specification and the technical committee may be found at the public home page of the TC at:
 Comments may be submitted to the TC by any person through the use of the OASIS TC Comment Facility which can be located via the button marked "Send A Comment" at the top of that page, or directly at:
Submitted comments (for this work as well as other works of that TC) are publicly archived and can be viewed at:
All comments submitted to OASIS are subject to the OASIS Feedback License, which ensures that the feedback you provide carries the same obligations at least as the obligations of the TC members.
The specification document and related files are available here:
Editable Source (Authoritative):
   This normative specification defines the first (1.0) version of the Symmetric Key Services Markup Language (SKSML), an XML-based messaging protocol, by which applications executing on computing devices may request and receive symmetric key-management services from centralized key-management servers, securely, over networks. Applications using SKSML are expected to either implement the SKSML
protocol, or use a software library - called the Symmetric Key Client Library (SKCL) - that implements this protocol. SKSML messages are transported within a SOAP layer, protected by a Web Services Security (WSS) header and can be used over standard HTTP OASIS and the EKMI TC welcome your comments.
Mary P McRae
Manager of TC Administration, OASIS
email: mary.mcrae at oasis-open.org
web:

@_date: 2008-06-02 13:33:13
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: RIM to give in to GAK in India 
There is now a software product that does about the same for VoIP that may be of interest when used with Magicjack The software is:

@_date: 2008-06-04 15:40:04
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: the joy of "enhanced" certs 
But I've got one better for you. The domain name registrar that I have been using went out of business and the domain names were handed over to another registrar. In order to gain control of them again I have to:
When I asked how they wanted the ID they said a scan of a picture of me attached to the e-mail!
Photoshop anyone?

@_date: 2008-06-27 11:38:27
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: The wisdom of the ill informed 
Hi gang,
All quiet on the cryptography front lately, I see. However, that does not prevent practices that *appear* like protection but are not even as strong as wet toilet paper.
I had to order a medical device today and they need a signed authorization for payment by my insurance carrier. No biggie. So they ask how I want it set to me and I said via e-mail. Okay. /Then/ they said it was an encrypted file and I thought, cool. How wrong could I be?
Very. The (I hate to use this term for something so pathetic) password for the file is 6 (yes, six) numeric characters!
My 6 year old K6-II can crack this in less than one minute as there are only 1.11*10^6 possible.
You can lead a horse to water....

@_date: 2008-06-30 07:16:17
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: The wisdom of the ill informed 
Yep. It seems like we've had a bit of this conversation recently, haven't we? ;-> And it is not just the gatekeepers, but also the users who need education. We know that we will not have enough "gatekeepers" to watch all users and uses.
Given this, the real question is, /"Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?"/ (Given as either "Who will watch the watchers themselves?" or "Who will guard the guardians?" from Juvenal.) Here we have the perfect examples of the conundrum in No Such Agency or the Company, who evade oversight or it is so obfuscated that the watchers at the political level either don't know what is really going on or they are complicit. Funny how something as off the main track of society as cryptography still reflects the identical problems of the greater whole, isn't it?
I also argue that badly structured protocol requirements that potentially obfuscate what is going on is a serious issue as well. Then too, there is documentation that does not get down to the bare metal, so to speak, so that those who are not skilled at reading code, and its implications, can understand what is going on. The Romans knew that and mad it law: /Quod non est in actis, non est in mundo./ ("What is not in the documents does not exist")
All of this requires team thinking so that everyone who is looking at the issues involved, no matter from what direction, creator, auditor or end user, gets "it."

@_date: 2008-06-30 11:24:06
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: The wisdom of the ill informed 
Indeed it might be more secure *if* the file was not downloaded as opposed to accessed via a web site.
That aside, I believe the ATM PINs have been compromised recently, not by direct entry, but rather by harvesting them off the server where they were stored, so I would not say that they are "safe" anymore. I believe the same applies to web access to your account.
My banks allow more than 4 numeric characters. They use a key space of 64 characters and with a 12 character password it would take about 1.5*10^5 years to generate the Rainbow table in 1 petabyte of storage at 1*10^9 hashes per second. After you have the table it would take about 1.9*10^5 to crack the password. (As the storage space goes down the time to crack goes up because of the number of possibilities between points but the initial time to generate the table is the same.)
During the transmission from an ATM machine 4 numeric characters are probably safe because the machines use dedicated dry pair phone lines for the most part, as I understand the system. This, combined with triple DES, makes it very difficult to compromise or do a MIM attack because one can not just tap into the lines remotely. One has to get on the line from the machine to the CO to get the data and then decrypt.

@_date: 2008-06-30 11:47:54
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: The wisdom of the ill informed 
Well, I wouldn't say they aren't custodians. Perhaps not in the sense that the word is commonly used, but most certainly in the sense custodians of the wisdom used to make the choices. This is exemplified by Bruce Schneier, an "acknowledged expert,"  changing his mind about the way to do security from "encrypt everything" to "monitor everything." Yes, I have simplified his stance, but just to make the point that even experts learn and change over time.
Actually I think it is just about as difficult to tell who is a trustworthy expert in the field of cryptography as it is in any field of science or medicine. Just look at the junk science and medical studies. One retrospective study of 90+ clinical trials found that over 600 potentially important reaction to the drugs occurred but only 39 were reported in the papers. I suspect if we did the same sort of retrospective study for cryptography we would find some similar issues, just, perhaps, not as large because there is not as much money to be made with junk cryptography as junk I'm curious, how does software get sold for so long that is clearly weak or broken? Detected, yes, but still sold like Windows LANMAN backward compatibility.
Well, Nico, this is where I diverge from your view. It is the "police departments, financial organizations, intelligence organizations, etc..." who deploy the cryptography. Why should they be able to do that any better than they do anything else? I suspect that a weakness in oversight in one area is likely to reflect a weakness in others as well. Not total failure, just not done the best possible.

@_date: 2008-03-07 17:51:42
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Another NXP Mifare Classic attack 
The article is not real clear about the level of physical dissection actually used, but it does appear that progress is being made on that front as well.
[Moderator's note: the article discusses the cryptanalysis of the
algorithm used in the ill-fated Dutch transit card, which is also in
use in the London Underground's "Oystercard" -- actually
cryptanalysis, not mere brute force attack which was possible before. --Perry]

@_date: 2008-03-27 11:35:58
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: how to read information from RFID equipped credit cards 
And it can almost certainly be done with the current technology. Arnnei Speiser at  has a two factor one time password application that runs on a java enabled cellphone. If he can do this I suspect it is but short hop to what you suggest.
He has a bank demo that is worth looking at as a potential model.

@_date: 2008-05-09 11:25:45
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: From FDE list... 
[Moderator's note: lightly edited. Please stick to ASCII and lines
under 80 columns if possible. --Perry]
A gentleman on the FDE list posted the link:
and in it is the following quote:

@_date: 2008-05-16 08:36:42
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Question re Turing test and image recognition 
Hi gang,
In looking at captchas that have been broken via software it dawned on me that the amount of "mental processing" involved is actually very little. I'm interested in what the current state of image recognition via software of things like knowing the difference between a monkey and a cat or a child laughing or just happy and the degree of reliability of the differentiation. I've done a bit of looking around and don't find much. Does anyone have knowledge of or a  pointer to someone who might know where to look about this?

@_date: 2008-05-26 23:45:54
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: not crypto, but fraud detection + additional 
I don't know what the policy is in Ireland, but here in the USA there is no stop loss on debit cards so the banks are not obligated to make good on fraudulent withdrawals. I believe that most have out of fear of bad PR, but you have to fight for it if it is just a few that it happens to. If this happens too much then people might stop using debit cards. I have advised my mother, 87, to not use them as she is getting a little slow on the uptake and might miss something like this if it happened to her.
Now to show how screwy the system is, I was shopping the other day and the power went off in the grocery store I was at. They had backup power so they were able to check out people; however, they couldn't use debit cards, except.... Well, the screwy thing was if you entered the charge at terminal as a credit card, even when it was only a debit card, it would accept it. I checked my bank, and sure enough the charge showed as a POS charge!
I think the logic is a little screwy and might be able to be exploited though I'm not sure how at the moment.

@_date: 2008-09-05 20:00:48
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: Quiet in the list... 
So I'll ask a question. I saw the following on another list:
What does anyone think of of the combo?

@_date: 2008-09-11 11:22:07
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: street prices for digital goods? 
Hi gang,
I have a question about all this. There seems to be a disconnect between the approximate prices mentioned here - too cheap to only do small transactions, etc - and what I have seen when looking at various of the sites. Maybe I'm missing something and you could correct my thinking.
At  I see figures that appear to be for   a single card and I would not call them "cheap." This one from the first of the month seems typical:
The cheapest price here is $10, I assume this is per card, correct?
If that is correct, what I see typically is that the order has to be a minimum of $500 if the money is sent Western Union. This means 50 cards at most. Most of the stuff I've seen is that they "validate" but do not guarantee the cards and don't give refunds.
It would seem to me that one would have to have a fair size infrastructure and capital to make this work as it almost certain that some of the cards will fail. Plus it takes people time to call the issuer and go through the process of changing the mailing address as well attempting to increase the limit line of credit available. This would mean that from the time of purchase of the card it might be a week or more before they know that the new limit has been approved.
This ties up capital so one wouldn't think the crooks would do one dump, scam all they can then start the process over again, but rather have a continuous stream working so they have cash flow.
So are we really talking mostly about bigger operations than the local operator one sees mentioned in the paper from time to time?

@_date: 2008-09-29 07:46:21
@_author: Allen 
@_subject: [Fwd: [announce] THC releases video and tool to backup/modify ePassports] 
We knew it was coming, right?
-------- Original Message --------
29th September 2008
THC/vonJeek proudly presents an ePassport emulator. This emulator allows you to create a backup of your own passport chip(s).
A video demonstrating the weakness is available at
The government plans to use ePassports at Immigration and Border
Control. The information is electronically read from the Passport
and displayed to a Border Control Officer or used by an automated
setup. THC has discovered weaknesses in the system to (by)pass the
security checks. The detection of fake passport chips is no longer
working. Test setups do not raise alerts when a modified chip
is used. This enables an attacker to create a Passport with an
altered Picture, Name, DoB, Nationality and other credentials.
This manipulated information is displayed without any alarms going off.
The exploitation of this loophole is trivial and can be verified Regardless how good the intention of the government might have been, the
facts are that tested implementations of the ePassports Inspection System
are not secure.
ePassports give us a false sense of security: We are made to believe
that they make use more secure. I'm afraid that's not true: current
ePassport implementations don't add security at all.
Yours sincerely,
vonjeek [at] thc dot org
The Hackers Choice

@_date: 2010-03-16 22:07:54
@_author: netsecurity@sound-by-design.com 
@_subject: 1024 bit RSA =?UTF-8?Q?cracked=3F?= 
Interesting, especially since I recently did a security assessment at a
power company. From what I saw I suspect that one might be able to get to
some of their servers in outlying areas that handle smart meters and apply
techniques like this.
Given that they were able to do 1024 in 100 hours, what might it take them
to crack 2048 or 4096?

@_date: 2015-09-09 23:56:27
@_author: Allen Schaaf 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 
=?utf-8?q?_Spying_Has_One_Flaw?=
Okay, verifying the public key can be automated, but why can't one verify that it is Bob's key and not the FBI's by sending a message and requesting an out of band reply. If the reply is a voice phone call from Bob that shows his phone number then Alice can call it and speak with Bob. It is possible (and probable) that the FBI could fake the proper phone number but it would be very difficult to find a identifier that was sent to Bob via snail mail or just handed directly to Bob prior to the start of the text message exchange. Just old fashioned WWII call and response, sign and countersign.
Another possibility might be some open source app using the approach that Steve Gibson is using in fingerprinting web pages to detect man in the browser attacks. The hash of Bob's real public key could be mailed/e-mailed to Alice. Bob could request his public key by asking to send a text message to himself and capturing it to then hash it and sending the hash to Alice. Then Alice can compute the hash of the file that the server provides to validate it. This could avoid a FBI MIM attack as the hash of Bob's key would be of his own key, not a fake provided to Alice by the attacker. Of course this assumes that Bob is the original source for the public key. If the server provides both the public and private key for Bob, all bets are off.
Does either of these make sense or have I missed some obvious flaw?
This e-mail may, and probably does, contain factual errors as well as errors of logic, organization, grammar, and spelling. They are included at no charge. However, you're invited to make a

@_date: 2016-04-03 00:20:23
@_author: Allen Schaaf 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Have you seen... 
Excellent article on an Latin American election hacker in Bloomberg.
Perhaps the election security is worse in Latin America, but I would not bet on it given the aging balloting machines in the US and a very long history of stuffing ballot boxes and Yellow journalism. Think the explosion on the USS Maine that took more than 75 years to provide a much more probable cause.
These days we are not so crude, and have a h$%^ of a lot more "security" people.
Also look at the confusion in the press between the FBI accessing what is on the iPhone versus cracking AES. Scare tactics not all that different than the USS Maine.

@_date: 2016-04-06 14:37:45
@_author: Allen Schaaf 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Have you seen... 
The intention was to point out that there is a history of a variety of ways of rigging elections in the US, not that he used that particular method.
As to independent verification, true, but I figure that since he was speaking in an attempt to get a lesser sentence in his current case is likely validation enough. Sure, he could be lying, but that might get him in worse trouble if one of people whom he claimed to have worked for was to seriously oppose his allegations. Sometimes independent verification is extremely tough to get so you have to analyze who says what and what their motives might be and then make a WAG until evidence turns up many years down the road.
Examples include the Snowden documents and now the "Panama" documents. Having myself demonstrated to a class I was teaching how easy it was to meld two documents to create a false one I know that documents alone are not verification and that independent verification might never come in our lifetime. We have to take our best judgement, confer with others to see if they have different views and by combining the intelligence of crowds make a best guess. Doesn't mean we won't get it wrong, I was listening to a tape of Kim Philby talking to the Stasi about how to respond when questioned about being a spy on NPR yesterday. We all (I think) agree he was a spy, but the full nature of his level and skills is only now coming out as the BBC rakes through the Stasi files 25 years later.

@_date: 2019-06-08 19:33:38
@_author: Allen Schaaf 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: Fwd: Re:  A two key file/program 
(Sorry folks, I forgot to include the mailing list when replying.)
-------- Forwarded Message --------
Hi ngel,
If we do not have access to the a potentially rouge employee's access to the various systems used by the credit union there would be no way to find out what crookedness they might have An employee is required to take a minimum of one week vacation per year, in the USA, to help with auditing process. If we can't access their computer and the various normal files and external systems used then we can't do an in depth audit.
The audit functionality is particularly important for upper level management as that is where most crookedness happens.
As to the number of login credentials, we can't limit the number as each of the services we contract for require passwords and, as far as I can tell at least two require specially formatted passwords for access to remote systems that they dictate its structure must be and, to prevent potential hacking, we can not "administratively" replace. But in order to properly audit their actions we need to see the data in these external file systems.
The primary reason for using a two password storage file is to help prevent one person from accessing another person's files so they can do the crookedness as though they were the other person.
In general your approach would be fine if all the systems were within our computer systems.
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software.

@_date: 2019-06-08 19:38:38
@_author: Allen Schaaf 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A two key file/program 
Hi Vitor and the rest of you,
Thanks for the various responses. It is quite helpful in clarifying my thinking.
Not being a programmer, some of the answers are beyond me, alas.
One thing that I now realize that I did not include is the need for more than just two people to access the file. Just for discussion, lets assume that there are five people, A, B, C, D, E, with an access key. What is needed is one of the ten combinations to cover the the presence/absence issues. So A/B, A/C, A,D, A/E, B/C, B/D, B/E, C/D, C/E, D/E, all ten possibilities would cover presence possibilities.
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software.

@_date: 2019-06-13 22:35:39
@_author: Allen Schaaf 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A two key file/program 
You are quite correct that this is possible. The only protection is that every time a pair logs into the file that has the passwords a record of the time this is done is kept externally as well as a record of the access to the financial system using that user name and password. Since two people can not access the financial records at the same time the hacking done that way can only happen off hours or during a lunch break. Most certainly not a perfect scenario but it helps. Fortunately the staff, even the manager, are not very computer savvy, but you are correct that it needs to be paid attention to.
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software.

@_date: 2019-06-13 22:41:18
@_author: Allen Schaaf 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: Re:  A two key file/program 
ngel, I love the idea of making the corporate credit unions, payroll service, and the others that we need to use change the way they do things to make them more secure. However, our David $10 million size is not big enough to make the $2-5 billion Goliaths obey our wishes. We've tried and failed.
You are quite correct that "no administrative action allowed" is very problematic. What ability we do have is to lock that user name and password so it can not be used. With some providers we then have to go through a long process to create a new user name access because they delete the old one. This can be a real pain because we have to lock access whenever someone leaves for a while, pregnancy, illness lengths. In one situation we can get the data copied over to a new access point with the username and password under the control of the manager/assistant manager but then moving it back to the worker when they return costs again.
We do not have a system that can handle the finances the way we are required by law to do. We are not rich enough to pay for the required system as our net "profit" per year is typically less than $65 k per year. Our total reserve assets is just over $1 million and that is needed to cover bad loans that happen when the job market crashes.
Best Wishes,
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software.

@_date: 2019-05-16 19:00:34
@_author: Allen Schaaf 
@_subject: [Cryptography] A two key file/program 
Hi folks,
I'm looking for a program or file system to run on Windows 7/8.1/10 to keep data protected that requires two separate keys used at the same time to open the file. It needs to be like the missile launching system that was created using two physical keys at the same time to prevent one crazy person from starting a war.
The goal for the credit union is to encrypt login information used by the staff.
Each of the staff has six or seven user names and passwords for various local and remote systems. The manager/CEO and assistant manager need to enable access to each account when either there is a potential problem or when they are not available. One example of this need is that US law requires each employee to take a minimum one week vacation so that any fraudulent behavior will be interrupted and also that the transaction they did can be audited without them overseeing the audit process.
I recall that there is a system like this but I'm unable to find it. Given that it is a very small credit union and that it functions in a lower income market it would be best if it was free or low cost.
I'm President of the BoD and the primary tech support person in my retirement.
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software.
