
@_date: 2003-01-22 22:48:23
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Verizon must comply with RIAA's DMCA subpoena 
A couple of weeks ago, a manager where I work showed me an e-mail he received from his (and my) DSL ISP.
Evidently one of his computers on his home network (his teenage son's) had gotten infected with a virus and began portscanning.
Some monitoring group caught the portscan, e-mailed the date, time, and IP Address to the ISP.
The ISP checked it's records and found out it was his connection and sent him the e-mail. It basically said "Get your damn anti-virus software updated, or we will pull the plug on your connection, it violates our AUP" (Okay it was worded nicer than that, with info on what the virus was, where to find information on getting rid of it, anti-virus software reccomendations, and so-on. But the dissconnection threat was in there).
Which leads me to beleive that most ISP's are going to want to to keep track of IP's.
 (The way ours seems to do it is by generating the assigned IP  address based on the MAC address of the device connecting to their network. As long as I use the same MAC address, I get the same IP address. Gotta love those cheap home routers that let you clone MAC addresses)

@_date: 2003-01-27 19:42:25
@_author: Neil Johnson 
@_subject: Keep it secret, stupid! 
My favorite lock is the electronic lock I saw in a data center. To make  it easier to leave the room, they installed a motion detector near the door to unlock the door when you walked toward the door. That way you didn't need to badge out (why they considered this a bad thing, I don't know).
Which is all well and good until you notice that there is a 1/2" gap along the bottom of the door.  Take a dowel rod, tape a piece of cardboard to the edge (like a flag), stick it under the door, rotate the dowel a couple of times to trigger the motion sensor, and  ta-da! you are in.
Of course during the security audit, the auditors' biggest concern was that the data center's walls didn't go all the way to the ceiling, so some one could sneak in over the suspended ceilings (There were no private offices or closets on adjoining walls of the data center).
My other favorite was a company's policy banning "all company confidential information" from being stored on PDA's.  Of course they said nothing about all the "company confidential information" being stored in Day-Timer's, Filo-Faxes, and other paper based personal organizers. I suggested that they require these users to use secret decoder rings or Pig-Latin to secure the data and require them to photocopy their organizer's daily (to provide backups for "disaster recovery"). This is why I have so much disdain for "corporate information security" departments.  They seem so busy plugging the mouse holes in the barn walls, they forget that the door is wide open.
