
@_date: 2001-10-03 18:15:47
@_author: nnburk 
@_subject: ANTI-TERRORISM BILL HITS SNAG ON THE HILL 
ANTI-TERRORISM BILL HITS SNAG ON THE HILL
The Senate is holding up the progress of the anti-terrorism
legislation proposed by the Bush administration due to concerns
over language in the bill that would give intelligence agencies,
including the CIA, access to wiretap and grand jury information.
The White House and Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick
J. Leahy (D-Vt.) are sniping over the bill. Each side blames
the other for the delay, which comes on the heels of an apparent
weekend agreement between the two sides that would have put the
legislation on a fast track. The House has already reached a
bipartisan agreement on the bill.
(Washington Post, 3 October 2001)

@_date: 2001-10-03 22:13:46
@_author: nnburk 
@_subject: Senators Agree on Anti-Terror Bill 
OCTOBER 03, 22:18 EDT  Senators Agree on Anti-Terror Bill  By JESSE J. HOLLAND  Associated Press Writer  WASHINGTON (AP) ? Senate Democrats and the Bush administration reached
 agreement Wednesday on a package of new police powers to combat
terrorism. A
 House committee sent its own compromise package to the full House for
approval.  Key Democratic and Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee
 worked with the White House and Justice Department to come up with a
 compromise bill after negotiations fell apart Tuesday over how much
secret grand
 jury evidence could be shared with intelligence agencies.  ``These have been complex and difficult negotiations, but after much
hard effort we
 have completed work on this bipartisan agreement,'' said Senate
Judiciary Chairman
 Patrick Leahy, R-Vt.  Leahy and Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah, the top Judiciary Republican,
declined to give
 details of the compromise. But Hatch said the ``agreement takes into
account each
 of our principled beliefs and is based on our views on the proper
balance between
 the role of law enforcement and our civil liberties.''  Senators refused to include an expiration date on the laws, unlike the
House, which
 would have the most of the new laws expire at the beginning of 2004,
said Senate
 aides speaking on the condition of anonymity. Senators, in negotiation
with the White
 House, also threw out the Justice Department's proposal to allow
officials to hold
 immigrants suspected of terrorism indefinitely without filing charges,
aides said.  The House bill would reduce the time to one week.  The Senate also allows nationwide jurisdiction for electronic
surveillance devices and
 legal expansion of those devices to e-mail and Internet and
authorization for the use
 of ``roving'' wiretaps ? in which officials get orders allowing them to
tap whatever
 telephone a person uses ? under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act, the aide
 said.  The compromise also modifies the Justice Department's request to deport
 if they raise or give money to known terrorist organizations or to
organizations they
 should have known committed terrorist acts. Sen. Edward Kennedy,
D-Mass., won
 a change to the law that gives immigrants a chance to prove that they
didn't know
 their solicitations would further terrorist activities, the aides said.  Senate Majority Leader Thomas Daschle, D-S.D., said he wanted to have
the final
 bill on the floor of the Senate for debate before the end of next week.
He also said
 that he would try to attach money-laundering legislation that up until
the Sept. 11
 terrorism attacks had been opposed by the administration.  President Bush and Attorney General John Ashcroft have been prodding
 for quick action on measures that would make it easier for authorities
to detain
 terrorism suspects and monitor their communications.  Meanwhile, the House prepared to act early next week on its own version
of the
 legislation, which weakens some of the police powers Ashcroft sought
and would
 have the laws expire in January 2004. The House Judiciary Committee
approved its
 compromise version 36-0 late Wednesday and sent it on to the full
House. House
 Democratic leader Dick Gephardt of Missouri said he also expected the
House bill
 to come up before next Friday.  The bill does strengthen the hand of investigators in several areas,
including their
 ability to conduct electronic surveillance in anti-terrorism cases. It
also stiffens
 penalties for several terrorist offenses, and extends the statute of
limitations on
 terrorism cases.  On another front, it gives authorities the ability to hold aliens
suspected of terrorist
 acts for seven days without filing charges, an increase from the
current two days.  ``The left is not completely happy with the bill and neither is the
right,'' said House
 Judiciary Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis. ``It certainly doesn't
represent the
 Justice Department's wish list. I think this means we've got it just
about right.''  The committee added several amendments to the bill Wednesday, including
 provision to allow people to sue the government if information gathered
with the bill's
 new electronic surveillance powers is leaked to the public.  ``I'm trying to increase the negative incentive for this kind of
leaking,'' said Rep.
 Barney Frank, D-Mass.  ???  The House bill number is HR 2975.  On the Net:  U.S. House:   U.S. Senate:   for bill text:

@_date: 2001-10-05 00:32:32
@_author: nnburk 
@_subject: Opening shots in the war on Steganography 
A Secret Language
Hijackers May Have Used Secret Internet Messaging Technique
By Brian Ross
Oct. 4 ? The terrorists responsible for the Sept. 11 attacks may have
communicated over the Internet using a computer version of invisible ink
that allows secret messages to be concealed in image and music files. Western intelligence officials say they have learned that instructors at
Osama bin Laden's camps in remote Afghanistan train his followers in the
high-tech secret-messaging technique.
And French investigators believe that suspects arrested in an alleged
plot to blow up the U.S. Embassy in Paris were to get the go-ahead for
the attack via a message hidden in a picture posted on the Internet,
former French defense official Alexis Debat told ABCNEWS. One of the men in custody, described by French officials as a computer
nerd well-versed in the messaging technique, was captured with a
notebook full of secret codes. "This code book is major breakthrough in
the investigation," said Debat. Covered Writing
To transmit a hidden message, the sender uses specialized software to
hide a text message ? or a graphical file such as a building plan ?
inside another file, such as an image file or an MP3 music file. "Criminal organizations, terrorist organizations around the world use
this," said Chet Hosmer, an Internet security expert who has been
helping the FBI and military intelligence since Sept. 11 track down
hidden communications on the Internet. "Images that might be in an e-mail message that I send to you, that has
a picture of my dog or my cat ? I hide an actual secret message inside
that image that no one else would be able to detect or see," Hosmer
For example, with a few clicks and the right password, a terrorist could
use a picture of the Mona Lisa, or an MP3 of the U.S. national anthem,
to carry a secret coded message, such as a seating chart for an airliner
or a list of flights out of Boston.
The technique is known as "steganography," meaning covered writing.
"It actually goes back to Roman times when they used to shave the head
of messengers, and tattoo secret messages on their scalp," said Hosmer.
"It really doesn't have very many legitimate purposes. The purpose is to
actually hide the fact that you are communicating." Instructions Via E-mail
In addition to low-tech equipment like box-cutters, the alleged
hijackers in the Sept. 11 attacks also had e-mail accounts at Yahoo! and
Suspected ringleader Mohamed Atta was seen repeatedly by witnesses using
his Hotmail account at public libraries in Florida to surf the Internet,
downloading what appeared to be pictures of children and scenes of the
Middle East. Special FBI squads are working full-time on the Internet connections of
the 19 alleged hijackers, going through accounts at America Online and
other service providers.
Investigators are also searching cyberspace for more deadly messages and
warnings that could help them take precautions against future terrorist

@_date: 2002-11-15 18:50:44
@_author: Nancy Noell Burk 
@_subject: Encryption Technique Said to be Unbreakable 
From Edupage , November 15, 2002:
ENCRYPTION TECHNIQUE SAID TO BE UNBREAKABLE
Researchers at Northwestern University have developed a new form of
quantum cryptography that sends encrypted data at speeds of 250
megabits per second and is, according to the reasearchers, unbreakable.
Whereas other methods of quantum cryptography work by sending
individual photons, the new technique sends large bundles of photons.
According to Paul Kwiat, a professor of physics at the University of
Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and a leading authority on quantum
cryptography, the technique is extremely secure because "an
eavesdropper can't tap into it without disturbing the photons." If the
photons are disturbed, he said, they're gone. Quantum technologies
remain a long way from commercial use, but some observers say
cryptography could be the first of the quantum technologies to enter
real-world applications.
ZDNet, 15 November 2002
