
@_date: 2001-07-20 16:03:42
@_author: Noah Salzman 
@_subject: HushMail 2.0 released, supports OpenPGP standard 
"Chief Cryptographer" sounds like full-time paid position to me.
  --Noah--
Hush Communications Appoints World-Renowned Cryptographer, Philip R.
Inventor of PGP joins leading encryption company, Hush Communications, to
accelerate adoption of mass-market cryptography
Dublin, Ireland - 19 February, 2001-Hush Communications Corporation
( today announced the appointment of Philip R. Zimmermann as a
Chief Cryptographer for the Company. Zimmermann has been asked to lead
Hush's efforts to fully integrate support for the OpenPGP standard into
Hush's core technology by President and Chief Executive Officer, Jon
Matonis, and Chief Technology Officer, David Bowman.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at wasabisystems.com]On Behalf Of Declan
Sent: Thursday, July 19, 2001 7:34 AM
I'm not sure if this is technically correct. I interviewed Phil about it at
the time and I recall him as closer to a contractor. Still, he's getting
payment of some sort from Hush and they might have seen fit to include a
hint of the close affiliation in their press release.

@_date: 2009-01-07 17:29:43
@_author: Noah Salzman 
@_subject: BIS looking for feedback on export controls 
The BIS is looking for feedback on export controls, however, this is  for foreign products. It does affect US makers of cryptography  products if their products are re-packaged by a foreign entity.
74 FR 413
Request for Public Comment on Foreign Produced Encryption Items That  are made from U.S.-origin Encryption technology or software
To determine the appropriate extent and scope of U.S. export controls  on foreign products that are direct products of U.S. origin encryption  technology or software, BIS is considering making subject to the  Export Administration Regulations (EAR) all foreign items that would  be controlled for Encryption Items (?EI?) reasons under the EAR (i.e.,  that would be classified under ECCN 5A002 or 5D002) if they are the  direct product of U.S.-origin ECCN 5E002 technology or ECCN 5D002  software. BIS is seeking information regarding the impact this change  would have on both U.S. exporters of encryption technology and  software and foreign manufacturers of products that are derived in  part or whole from U.S.-origin encryption technology or software.  Comments are due March 9, 2009.
