
@_date: 2003-08-27 21:17:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: traffix analysis 
This is not true, and in fact this result is one of the most important
to have been obtained in the anonymity community in the past decade.  The
impossibility of practical, strong, real-time anonymous communication has
undoubtedly played a role in the lack of deployment of such systems.
The attack consists of letting the attacker subvert (or become!) one of
the communication endpoints.  This can be as simple as running a "sting"
web site offering illegal material.
Then the attacker arranges to insert delays into the message channels
leading from subscribers into the crowd.  He looks for correlations
between those delays and observed delays in the message traffic to his
subverted endpoint.  This will allow him to determine which subscriber
is communicating with that endpoint, regardless of how the crowd behaves.
It will often be possible to also trace the communication channel back
through the crowd, by inserting delays onto chosen links and observing
which ones correlate with delays in the data observed at the endpoint.
This way it is not necessary to monitor all subscribers to the crowd,
but rather individual traffic flows can be traced.
Wei Dai's PipeNet proposal aims to defeat this attack, but at the
cost of running the entire crowd+subscriber network synchronously.
The synchronous operation defeats traffic-delay attacks, but the problem
is that any subscriber can shut the entire network down by simply delaying
his packets.

@_date: 2003-07-06 23:15:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Precomputed DH parameters 
A number of SSL-enabled applications use precomputed public DH parameters (p and g) generated for use in the SKIP protocol.  The original page appears to be off the air; here's an archived version:
Question: Are these safe for use as precomputed parameters for generating OpenPGP ElGamal keys?

@_date: 2003-03-15 03:31:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft: Palladium will not limit what you can run 
I don't know what Gates said in this "Focus interview" but you have
misstated the history here.  Microsoft has never denied that Palladium can
be used for DRM.  Rather, the issue with regard to Lucky Green's supposed
patent application (whatever happened to that, anyway?) was whether
Palladium would be used for software copy protection.  Microsoft said
that they couldn't think of any way to use it for that purpose.  See
 at wasabisystems.com/msg02554.html.
Microsoft's point with regard to DRM has always been that Palladium had
other uses besides that one which everyone was focused on.  Obviously they
fully expect people to use the technology.
I'm not sure where you get the part about it being deployed under costs.
Is this more of the XBox analogy?  That's a video game system, where
the economics are totally dissimilar to commodity PC's.  All video game
consoles are sold under cost today.  PCs generally are not.  This is a
misleading analogy.
In any case, DRM does not limit what programs people can run, at least
not to a greater degree than does any program which encrypts its data.
Yes, it is completely voluntary, and we should all remain vigilant to
make sure it stays that way.  And no doubt there will be efforts to
lock-in customers, just as there have been in the past.  There is no
contradiction between these two points.
