
@_date: 2003-03-08 09:53:06
@_author: Rebecca Mercuri 
@_subject: Scientists question electronic voting 
In the US it is a felony (in most, perhaps all, states) to sell
one's vote. One of the reason Internet voting is not having
much appeal here is because it will make it much easier to
do this (even simply by passing one's ID along).  People
here also don't like the idea of having biometric ID for election purposes because the folks who generally have
been denied the right to vote in the past are the ones who
are also the most wary about the government having their
biometric information.  Internet voting for sociological reasons alone (security and auditibility issues aside) is
a really bad idea. (Yes, Ed, I know you disagree but your
proposals do not solve the overwhelming sociological
problems.)  The question is really: how many more people
will be disillusioned by the new technologies and will voter
turnout decrease after it is no longer a novelty?  There's something to be said for the community aspect of going to
the polls.
R. Mercuri.

@_date: 2003-03-13 10:15:56
@_author: Notable Software 
@_subject: Scientists question electronic voting 
The whole idea of photographing paper ballots
is a straw man.  It is akin to saying that people
will just run through red lights anyway so we
shouldn't place them at intersections.  I agree that we need to improve voting systems,
but the current trend toward self-auditing devices
is going backward rather than forward in this regard.
In 2002 it was electronic ballots (on cartridges) that
were misplaced (to the tune of over 100,000 votes)
in Florida.  Apparently you neglected to read the
newspapers last fall.  I didn't see any improvement
in what was purchased over what they had before,
unless you want to call tens of millions of extra dollars
in expenditures an improvement.
The salient requirement of Democratic elections is
that the voters must be assured that their ballots are
recorded and tabulated as cast.  If the process is
such that it can only be understood by a team of
scientists with Ph.D.'s, the average citizen can have
no confidence that their voice is being heard.  I have never said that the paper balloting solution is
a perfect one, but it provides assurances in a human-
accessible format that is a considerable improvement
over both the black-box systems and the chad-based
ones.  If you can devise a system that is equally user-
friendly and has the same ability for independent auditing, then please do so.  Rebecca Mercuri.
