
@_date: 2003-02-04 17:32:25
@_author: David Turner 
@_subject: A talk on Intellectual Property and National Defense 
That's simply not true.  TCPA and Palladium are dangerous [1], but
they're not that stupid [2].  Here's a brief outline of the TCPA trusted
boot and attestation process.  Some details have been left out because I
forgot them.  If you see a cryptographic or protocol flaw with this
system, don't assume it's a flaw in TCPA -- read the spec first:
PCR, I think, stands for Platform Configuration Register.  They are
initially in some known state, and the only way to update them is:
new value = SHA1 (old value || input). 1.  First boot stage is measured, result goes to PCR0.  BIOS runs first
boot stage.
2.  First boot stage measures second boot stage, result goes to PCR1. First boot stage runs second boot stage. 3.  Repeat until OS is loaded.
So, no net connection is required for trusted boot.  A net connection
*is* required for remote attestation (but see below) -- because a net
connection is required for remote *anything*!
Remote attestation works like this:
1. Remote computer requests platform state, sends nonce (to show that
the authentication is online)
2. TPM signs (nonce || PCRs || various certs) with some identity key. TPM's public key is signed by a CA which vouches for the state of the
platform when the identity key was created, and the various certs
certify that various pieces of the base platform (i.e. the hardware and
low-level software bits) will behave as expected.
3. Local machine sends this to remote computer (if desired).
The remote computer can then "seal" information to this platform.  The
idea of sealing is that data is encrypted with a symmetric key, and this
symmetric key, along with a list of PCR values is encrypted with a
public key. The private key to that public key is stored within (or,
more likely, encrypted by a key, which is encrypted by a key, ...) the
tamper-resistant TPM,  The TPM will refuse to decrypt the symmetric key
unless the PCRs stored with it match the current PCRs.
So, if you attest that your platform is in a certain state, you're sent
data sealed to that platform.  If you then change your platform
configuration, you'll not be able to read the sealed data.  So, while you will need to be online to download these new music,
movies, or software, you won't need to be online to play them later.
[1] It's beyond the scope of this message to discuss the potential evils
of TCPA, Palladium, etc, to fair use, individual rights, societal
openness, Free Software, competition in the software market, etc.  But
the risk is great.
[2] I'm always tempted to underestimate the intelligence of those I
disagree with, and I suspect others are as well.  Often, when I discuss
the political problems with TCPA, I'm told that people will always
simply crack the system.  This comes in part from experience with pure
software systems, which of course can't actually work, and in part from
wishful thinking.  Ultimately, it seems to be a species of the same
fallacy discussed in Lessig's book, _Code and Other Laws of
Cyberspace_.  It's true that, for instance, instrumented RAM will
probably make it easy to get content out of the first generation of TCPA
systems.  But the next generation will stick some measurement of the RAM
into a PCR.  That will be cracked too, but the cost of a break will keep
going up (just as the cost of modchips has increased between psx and ps2
or xbox).  And the legal risks to modchip makers have also increased --
recently, several makers of modchips have been shut down.

@_date: 2003-01-07 16:26:10
@_author: David Turner 
@_subject: DeCSS, crypto, law, and economics 
Do you mean copyrights, patents, or trade secret rights?  Copyrights: No, keys are too short, functional, and non-expressive to be
subject to copyright.
Patents: No, you already established that there were no patents on CSS.
Trade secrets: Maybe once, but not anymore -- all ~400 keys are now
available at dozens of easy-to-find locations on the net.  We'll see
what the court in Pavlovitch has to say about this.
He certainly copied a player key from a software DVD player.
Recall that the initial player key was obtained by copying it from a
software player.  As long as humans can read software, this sort of
attack will be possible.  It doesn't depend on the strength of the key,
because the attacker is given the key.  That said, it's unlikely that the next major media format will have
software players, and it's also unlikely that Palladium will continue to
let us read software.

@_date: 2003-01-08 13:29:39
@_author: David Turner 
@_subject: DeCSS, crypto, law, and economics 
To make films which will not make money is not an economically rational
action even if one is making other films which do make money. This is
the point the 17 economists made in their Eldred amicus.  Disclaimer: I'm not an economist.

@_date: 2003-01-09 14:44:36
@_author: David Turner 
@_subject: DeCSS, crypto, law, and economics 
This is true (and I did mean to add a disclaimer to this effect, but
couldn't find a good sentence structure which made it look
non-awkward).  However, attracting customers and developers needs to be
done whether a studio is making tons and tons or just lots of money on
its directly-profitable films.  That is, making more money on a
high-profit film doesn't encourage a studio to make more low-profit
films in order to attract directors, since they have a need to attract
directors anyway (in order to make *any* films).  The demand for
directors won't decrease with a modest decrease in profit for directly
profit-producing films, since movie studios' needs for directors depends
mainly on how many films they produce, a number which is limited mainly
by consumer demand.  Of course, consumer demand does depend on the
quality of the available movies, which depends (among many other
factors) on directors. So, assuming my analysis isn't completely off the wall, market
segmentation doesn't produce more "marginal" films.  On the other hand,
I don't think that the 17 economists are dispositive on this issue, now
that I've given it more thought.
The issue in this branch of the thread (to mix a metaphor) is not CSS as
copy prevention (at which it does an abysmal job), but CSS as market
segmentation (at which it does a somewhat better job). Disclaimer: I'm still not an economist.

@_date: 2003-03-18 13:33:35
@_author: David Turner 
@_subject: Microsoft: Palladium will not limit what you can run 
I have my own problems with Pd, but I'm not sure how remote attestation
can be achieved without something like Pd or TCPA.  And remote
attestation is quite useful (although also dangerous) for online gaming,
and distributed computing.

@_date: 2003-03-24 14:11:22
@_author: David Turner 
@_subject: Who's afraid of Mallory Wolf? 
Grigg counts the benefits of living in a MITM-protected world (no MITM
attacks recorded), as though they would happen with or without MITM
protection.  Is there any reason to believe that's this is, in fact,
true?  That is, if zero dollars were spent on MITM protection, would
there still be no recoreded attacks?  Until that's answered, Grigg's
"economic" analysis is flawed.
"I used to get picked on, but since I bulked up and learned karate,
nobody's picked on me.  I guess it was pointless to do those things."

@_date: 2003-11-13 12:27:32
@_author: David Turner 
@_subject: Clipper for luggage 
Local hacker, hell:
... so, TSA people are stealing from unlocked bags.  The solution:
... allow only the TSA to get into bags.  Brilliant!
Actually, this does have some security benefit, in that now TSA can be
effectively held responsible for thefts.  Still, the subject is quite
accurate, except that it won't be mandatory as Clipper is.

@_date: 2004-06-22 15:19:48
@_author: David Turner 
@_subject: cryptograph(y|er) jokes? 
The NSA is looking for a few good cryptographers. If you are interested,
just call your mother and mention it.
(I saw this posted on the wall in the Reed College computer lab in
