
@_date: 2005-08-29 17:51:39
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: Another entry in the internet security hall of shame.... 
I would appreciate your thoughts on WiKID.  We use asymmetric keys to
encrypt PINs and one-time passcodes between a client and the server. The
server talks to various network clients using protocols such as LDAP,
Radius, or using our own SSL-tunneled wAuth protocol.  We believe that
replacing passwords is the right economic model to fund PK deployment
widely to consumers.  The client can then be extended to provide
encryption for apps such as the credit card app described below.
We have just released version of WiKID under the GPL.  The GPL client
uses RSA encryption.  The non-GPL version uses Ntru, making it suitable
for wireless clients (RSA key gen on a java cell phone is a bitch).
We have set up  as our open source home page
and  is the sourceforge
project page as well - which includes a white paper and documentation.
Comments and contributions are much appreciated.

@_date: 2005-07-09 11:34:06
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: the limits of crypto and authentication 
It would seem simple to thwart such a trojan with strong authentication
simply by requiring a second one-time passcode to validate the
transaction itself in addition to the session.

@_date: 2005-07-09 12:29:16
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: the limits of crypto and authentication 
To validate the transaction, a receipt could be sent to the user
encrypted by the server's public key.  If the receipt is correct, the
user enters their PIN to 'sign' the transaction.
I'm assuming an asymmetric authentication system here outside the
browser. The attacker would have to steal the user's private key, their
PIN and the server's private key, correct?
I know that if the PC is compromised anything is possible, but I think
this raises the bar significantly - perhaps to an unprofitably level.

@_date: 2005-07-09 17:50:02
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: the limits of crypto and authentication 
I think that the cost of two-factor authentication will plummet in the
face of the volumes offered by e-banking.  Also, the more uses for the
token, the more shared the costs will be.  The question to me is will
the FIs go with a anything beyond secure cookies, IP address validation
and unique images.  Will they be forced to by the powers that be or by
disclosure requirements after the basic systems are thwarted?
I also think that the lower end cell phone is now capable of handling
the task.  While a PC client may not be very secure, it does offer some
potential benefits such as auto-validating SSL certs.  Whether the
carriers will bother with a potential revenue stream in two-factor
authentication when they can make more money in ringtones is another
question - back to the business model ;).

@_date: 2005-07-10 09:36:37
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: the limits of crypto and authentication 
I think the failure of Amex Blue is due to poor timing and the
requirement for hardware on the end-user's PC.  At the time of it's
introduction ecommerce and online banking were just getting started and
consumers were more worried about whether the store was real or not than
having their card stolen.  It wasn't until identity theft and the rush
of disclosures due to SB1386 et al here in the US that people cared
about security and privacy (in some way).
What I can't understand is why Visa and Amex haven't started to push
their one-time credit card software solutions again - this time as
protection for your privacy.  I would think people would be much more
receptive to it now.  Little has changed, except the market's perception
of the risk of using credit cards online. Amex actually pulled their
program in 2004, IIRC.

@_date: 2005-07-10 09:50:58
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: the limits of crypto and authentication 
I think the difference now is the number of vendors entering the market,
 the variety of solutions ( and their relative security), and demand
outside of Europe.  When we started in mid-2001, we were looking at the
existing hardware guys and that is it.  Now there a handful of
venture-backed software players with different solutions all targeting
the banking market, which didn't exist then.
We have not seen any interest in our two-factor solution from Germany or
any country where they have some form of two-factor authentication.
Perhaps this is similar to the US corporate market where companies that
have tokens aren't very interested in switching to save money - the CSO
only takes risk in switching and sees no personal benefit in reducing
costs (my theory at least) so there's no true vetting, only beating up
the current vendor for a slightly better deal. Thus your banks will
still complain that the price of mailing paper is too high, which of
course it is when compared to software tokens.
We are, however, seeing interest from US and South American banks and
the numbers are huge and we will be very aggressive in pricing.  We also
see that we are competing against companies that use IP address
verification, secure cookies and other things that are readily
compromised, but apparently easy to roll-out and maintain and
inexpensive.  So, we have to compete against those substitutes that
don't even use cryptography or two-factor authentication but would be
better termed as fraud detection and prevention.

@_date: 2005-11-03 18:06:22
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: HTTPS mutual authentication alpha release - please test 
Yes, phishing.  The token client isn't checking to see if the cert is
valid, it's only checking to see if it's the same as the one that is on
the WiKID authentication server.  The cert doesn't have to be valid or
have the root CA in the browser.
Bad choice of words on my part - validate is a loaded word vis-a-vis
certs.  The token client pulls down a hash of the certificate from the
WiKID server. It pulls the certificate from the website and performs a
hash on it.  It compares the two hashes and if they match, presents the
user with the OTP and the message:
"This URL has been validated. It is now safe to proceed."
Does that clarify?

@_date: 2005-11-03 19:07:35
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: HTTPS mutual authentication alpha release - please test 
The token client has the true URL as well, so the traditional phish of
sending users to the wrong site shouldn't work either.  The user would
have to ignore the launched browser and use the fake site.
They do this too by attacking DNS servers with cache poisoning.  In this
case the token client will not be able to validate the certificate.

@_date: 2005-11-04 09:16:16
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: HTTPS mutual authentication alpha release - please test 
No, this is not it.  It is this attack and similar:
The phishers are not using valid certificates, but users are so immune
to warnings about certificates that they don't pay attention to them.
It may be a DNS cache poison or the typical email; it could be any
mechanism to send the user to a fraudulent site.  What is being provided
is a mechanism to route the users to the correct site by providing a way
to validate the certificate for them.

@_date: 2005-11-07 13:14:20
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: HTTPS mutual authentication alpha release - please test 
Feedback on the UI would be particularly helpful.  I think it goes a bit
beyond warning labels in that it should be a very familiar site and when
it goes away, the warning is a shock, much like SSH when the server key
has changed.  I estimate it would take about 5 minutes to test this
online.  Directions are in the forums on sourceforge.
I agree that user ignorance is not a new attack.  We just saw a problem
and wanted to attack the problem.  Users do not pay attention to the
warnings. I think that is widely accepted, though I don't have any
references at hand.  I don't think of it as a new protocol, rather a
check on an old protocol that is having some problems.
Perhaps a clarification is in order.  While WiKID is well-suited to a
service bureau model, I suspect that most people would want it behind
their own firewall.  They can update the certificate at any time.  There
is no third-party to trust and if you want to look at the code, you may
as it is open.
As noted above, the key can be changed.
We're not really addressing the situation where the attacker has stolen
a valid private cert, but where an attacker is using some social
engineering trick to fool the user with a MITM site. Thus, we believe
there is value in providing another way to validate to the user that
they are going to the correct site.

@_date: 2005-11-07 13:47:22
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: HTTPS mutual authentication alpha release - please test 
We're not that smart - well, perhaps I should speak only for myself.  We
originally developed WiKID to target corporate VPNs with the WiKID
client running on a wireless device (the Wi in WiKID) with no thought of
mutual authentication because phishing was only getting under way.  Only
after we added the client support for Windows, Mac & linux and phishers
started getting really active did we think about adding MA.

@_date: 2005-10-03 14:05:47
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: update: GPL'd two-factor system 
Here is a brief update on the open source version of the WiKID Strong
Authentication System:
* New PHP network client released
* SugarCRM network client released (based on PHP network client)
* Citrix Web Interface network client released
* Java token client binary released
* Minor code fixes and clean up on the server
* Added the WiKID white paper to the downloads section
All this and more available for download on sf.net:
The project home page is  which includes a
poll on what applications people would like to see WiKID-enabled.
Work is progressing on C and Python network clients to add to the Java
and COM objects and those listed above. Our focus is on adding network
clients in new languages and implementing those into applications.

@_date: 2005-10-12 12:28:56
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: US Banks: Training the next generation of phishing victims 
Why have the log on your homepage at all? Why not just a link to the
https login???  If the goal is to not have SSL overhead on the homepage,
don't.  Or is there some extra overhead for login processing that I
don't know about?  Is there some user dissatisfaction with an extra
click to login?
I suppose if you really wanted non-SSL logins, you could use a one-time
passcodes system with variable length passcodes to prevent race attacks.

@_date: 2005-10-31 14:49:57
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: HTTPS mutual authentication alpha release - please test 
Happy Halloween! In what we hope will be a Halloween tradition, we have
new release available for testing. WiKID is pleased to announce the
alpha release of a major upgrade under the GPL featuring a cryptographic
method of mutual authentication for HTTPS:
WiKID-2.1: SOMETHING_WiKID_THIS_WAY_COMES
The token client is available at sourceforge:
The system works this way: Each WiKID domain now can include a
'registered URL' field and a hash that website's SSL certificate.  When
a user wants to log onto a secure web site, they start the WiKID token
and enter their PIN. The PIN is encrypted and sent to the WiKID server
along with a one-time use AES key and the registered URL.  The server
responds with a hash of the website's SSL certificate.  The token client
fetches the SSL certificate of the website and compares it the hash.  If
the hashes don't match, the user gets an error.  If they match, the user
is presented with registered URL and the passcode.  On supported
systems, the token client will launch the default browser to the
registered URL.
We are currently seeking testers for this early release.  You do not
need to set up a WiKID server to test. We have set up a WiKID server for
you.  Testers will need to download the latest J2SE WiKID token from
sourceforge.  Testing information can be found here:
Most one-time-password systems suffer from man-in-the-middle attacks
primarily due to difficulties users have with validating SSL
certificates. The goal of this release is to validate certificates for
the end user, providing an SSH-esque security for web-enabled
applications such as online banking.
Any feedback is much appreciated.

@_date: 2005-09-15 13:23:27
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: ECC patents? 
I had a recent discussion with a person in a government agency that
indicated we would not be able to use them as a reference and that they
would probably want an unlimited license - because there could be no
reference to a number of users within the agency.  They did say that
they would get GSA pricing.  I suspect that Certicom got GSA pricing for
the deal as is, I assume, required by law.

@_date: 2006-05-12 15:49:08
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: NSA knows who you've called. 
Or to teach pollsters to ask the correct questions.  Take this survey:
What it this question from the poll:
It's been reported that the National Security Agency has been collecting
the phone call records of tens of millions of Americans. It then
analyzes calling patterns in an effort to identify possible terrorism
suspects, without listening to or recording the conversations. Would you
consider this an acceptable or unacceptable way for the federal
government to investigate terrorism? Do you feel that way strongly or
Was instead:
The NSA has been collecting the phone call records of tens of millions
of Americans possibly in violation of the law.  Would you consider it
acceptable for the government to break the law to investigate terrorism?

@_date: 2006-10-12 15:54:32
@_author: Nick Owen 
@_subject: Passwords jump-started Fumo probe 
The feds were unable to break the encrypted email files until one admin
came up with a password list on a portable drive.  I wonder if they
tried to brute-force the password?
