
@_date: 2002-08-10 00:00:39
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: New Method Said to Solve Key Problem in Math  
New Method Said to Solve Key Problem in Math
by Sara Robinson
Three Indian computer scientists have solved a longstanding mathematics
problem by devising a way for a computer to tell quickly and definitively
whether a number is prime  that is, whether it is evenly divisible only by
itself and 1.
Prime numbers play a crucial role in cryptography, so devising fast ways
to identify them is important. Current computer recipes, or algorithms,
are fast, but have a small chance of giving either a wrong answer or no
answer at all.
The new algorithm  by Manindra Agrawal, Neeraj Kayal and Nitin Saxena of
the Indian Institute of Technology in Kanpur  guarantees a correct and
timely answer. Though their paper has not been published yet, they have
distributed it to leading mathematicians, who expressed excitement at the
"This was one of the big unsolved problems in theoretical computer science
and computational number theory," said Shafi Goldwasser, a professor of
computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the
Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel. "It's the best result I've heard
in over 10 years."
The new algorithm has no immediate applications, since existing ones are
faster and their error probability can be made so small that it is
practically zero. Still, for mathematicians and computer scientists, the
new algorithm represents a great achievement because, they said, it simply
and elegantly solves a problem that has challenged many of the best minds
in the field for decades.
Asked why he had the courage to work on a problem that had stymied so
many, Dr. Agrawal replied in an e-mail message: "Ours was a completely new
and unexplored approach. Consequently, it gave us hope that we might
The paper is now posted on the computer science department Web page at the
Indian Institute of Technology (
Methods of determining whether a number is prime have captivated
mathematicians since ancient times because understanding prime numbers is
the key to solving many important mathematical problems. More recently,
attention has focused on tests that run efficiently on a computer, because
such tests are part of the underlying mathematics of several widely used
systems for encrypting data on computers.
So-called primality testing plays a crucial role in the widely used RSA
algorithm, whose security relies on the difficulty of finding a number's
prime factors. RSA is used to secure transactions over the Internet.
On Sunday, the researchers e-mailed a draft of the paper on the result to
dozens of expert mathematicians and computer scientists. Dr. Carl
Pomerance, a mathematician at Bell Labs, said he received the paper on
Monday morning and determined it was correct.
After discussing the draft with colleagues over lunch, Dr. Pomerance
arranged an impromptu seminar on the result that afternoon.
That he could prepare and give a seminar on the paper so quickly was "a
measure of how wonderfully elegant this algorithm is," Dr. Pomerance said.
"This algorithm is beautiful."
Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material whose use
has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. The
'johnmacsgroup' Internet discussion group  is is making it available
without profit to group members who have expressed a prior interest in
receiving the included information in their efforts to advance the
understanding of literary, educational, political, and economic issues,
for non-profit research and educational purposes only. I believe that this
constitutes a 'fair use' of the copyrighted material as provided for in
section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted
material for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use,' you must
obtain permission from the copyright owner.
For more information go to:
   "When you come to the fork in the road, take it" - L.P. Berra
   "Always make new mistakes" -- Esther Dyson
   "Be precise in the use of words and expect precision from others" -
    Pierre Abelard
                          John F. McMullen
   johnmac at acm.org ICQ: 4368412 Fax: (603) 288-8440 johnmac at cyberspace.org

@_date: 2002-12-01 09:27:10
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: New Anacroym - "NOYFB,P" 
In an NY Daily News column by Gail Buckley that I posted to my group
earlier, she mentioned that she had called Hillary and Chuck Schumer's
answering machies to implore them to vote against the Homeland Security
Bill. Her call had the same result as did William Safire (and many
other)'s columns -- None.
One of the main concers that most critics of the announced security
efforts has been the "Information Awareness Office" headed by Iran Contra
figure Adm. John Poindexter.
Since objections and opinion columns have done no good, I suggest an
on-going non-difficult form of protest and notification -- the addition to
e-mail signatures of "NOYFB, P", a new anacroym for "None of your
business, Pointdexter."
   "When you come to the fork in the road, take it" - L.P. Berra
   "Always make new mistakes" -- Esther Dyson
   "Be precise in the use of words and expect precision from others" -
    Pierre Abelard
   "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"
    -- Arthur C. Clarke
                          John F. McMullen
                 johnmac at acm.org johnmac at cyberspace.org
              ICQ: 4368412 AIM & Yahoo Messenger: johnmac13
                                                 NOYFB,P

@_date: 2002-12-09 12:14:24
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: Three events: Oxford University, Stanford University, and DC  
Wherever you are, I have a meeting for you :) -- from Declan's list
---------- Forwarded message ----------
POLITICS OF CODE - CONFERENCE AT OXFORD UNIVERSITY
The Programme in Comparative Media Law and Policy is convening the
Conference "Politics of Code - Shaping the Future of the Next Internet"
to be held in Oxford on February 6th 2003.
The Internet is at a crossroads and critical choices will be made about
the Internet's architecture that will shape the Internet for years to
come. PCMLP is therefore convening a conference in Oxford to not only
identify what those critical choices are, but to discuss in an
innovative cross-disciplinary set-up of practitioners and academics how
we can shape the future of the next Internet.
High profile speakers - among them Prof. Larry Lessig, renowned thinker
on Cyberlaw and Esther Dyson, celebrated digerati and founding chairman
of ICANN - will discuss the key choices that need to be made on privacy,
security, access, openness and control in the design of Internet
technology and Internet Governance.
Currently numerous initiatives are under way, that sound cryptic to the
average user, challenge policymakers and cannot be left to software
engineers alone. Developments such as IPv6, digital rights management
systems, and digital identity and authentication technologies - to name
a few - have the potential to transform the global network, while the
implications of these developments are poorly understood.
Against this context it is the main goal of the conference to increase
our understanding of the interdependence between technology and use on
the Net to subsequently develop governance processes that are able to
foster technical innovation and take political values into account. We
aim therefore not only to identify, monitor and discuss what those
critical choices are, but also how we can improve the governance of the
To register and find more information please go to our website,
Christian Ahlert
Programme in Comparative Media Law and Policy
Oxford University
Tel: +44 (0)1865-284 247
Just a quick reminder about the three communications renaissance events
this week:
Daniel Berninger answers questions about the report: "Broken Trust -
Indictment of the Bell Company CEO"
Tuesday, December 10, 2002 - National Press Club, Washington, DC 9:00-10:00 am
The 233 page report is available for free download in final draft form at:
Jeff Pulver answers questions about launch of the voice over broadband
service Free World Dialup
Wednesday, December 11, 2002 - The Grand Hyatt, New York City - 10:00-11:00 am
See Event honoring and fundraiser for Bruce Kushick and Teletruth.org
Thursday, December 12, 2002 - Chef Geoffs, Washington DC (13th between E&F)
- 6:00-9:00 pm
See Feel free to call or reply if you have questions.

@_date: 2002-12-09 12:54:21
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: The new KGB? 
Text forwarded from
THE LIBERTARIAN ENTERPRISE
Number 201, December 2, 2002
MINE'S A MODEL 21
"Revenge of the Nerds"
by William Stone, III
Exclusive to TLE
The "Homeland Security Act" is the usual kind of atrocity that we've all
come to expect from the would-be slave-holders in Washington. In an
astounding violation of their Oaths of Office, lawmakers have passed a bill
that violates every single one of the Bill of Rights.
In a marvellous display of ignorance (explained to me by a coworker who is a
Russian expatriate), one of the Russian translations of "Homeland Security"
is "KGB". For brevity's sake, the Act and the Unconstitutional, immoral
Federal offices it creates will hereafter be referred to as "the American
Under the KGB, Americans no longer have any Constitutional guarantees. NONE.
Not that this comes as a surprise to anyone who's been paying even the
slightest bit of attention to American political discourse over the last
century. Federal officials have been in the process of murdering the
Constitutional Republic since the Lincoln Administration. The American KGB
simply pounds the final nail into its coffin, creating the de facto police
state about which politicians have always dreamed.
What the American KGB proves -- beyond a shadow of a doubt -- is that we can
no longer depend on government to safeguard our liberties. With the passage
of this Act, it becomes clear that government is the primary violator of our
We can no longer believe that government will help us out of this mess.
Government is the mess.
One of the central tenets of the American KGB is the creation of the "Total
Information Awareness" (TIA) program. Masterminded by the aptly-named
criminal John Poindexter, TIA will be a vast, centralized government
database that will monitor the actions of every man, woman, and child in
America from cradle to grave.
The American KGB will monitor all your financial transactions: credit card
and white market cash purchases, ATM transactions, cash withdrawls or
deposits, checking account transactions, investments, IRAs, etc. It will
monitor your medical data, your travel habits, your Internet usage, and your
phone calls. It will monitor what books and magazines you read. It will
monitor and store your private and business correspondence.
Particular attention will be focused on your defense choices, making the TIA
program a de facto Federal gun registration database. The hobby of reloading
is essentially over, as the American KGB establishes new rules for
"explosive" purchases that will make it illegal for reloaders to obtain the
necessary chemicals without a Federal license.
Is there be any doubt that the Republicans are just as dedicated to victim
disarmament as the Democrats? In the name of "fighting terrorism" a
Republican administration has single-handedly guaranteed more innocent
deaths via "gun control" than every Democrat in the collective history of
the nation. This in the face of the irrefutable fact that September 11 would
not have been possible had the individuals aboard the hijacked aircraft not
been Unconstitutionally prohibited from exercising their natural right to
Once more, the Republicans prove that America doesn't have two political
parties, but rather identical political cousins played by Patty Duke.
TIA is the "permanent record" that your gradeschool principle always
threatened you about. That it is unspeakably evil is obvious.
Contrary to what most individuals believe, the FedGov does not presently
have the technology to track this kind of information. As a computer nerd
employed by a major credit card issuer, I can categorically state that
neither my company nor any other financial institution is currently sending
customer records to the FedGov. Similarly, your doctor, travel agent or
airline, magazine, library, and ISP are not presently mirroring this
information to the FedGov.
This means that all of the TIA systems -- both those in the FedGov and those
that providers will use to send the data -- must be be constructed. This
process, even using private-sector talent (invariably several orders of
magnitude superior to that available to government) will take years.
This is where the FedGov has made its critical mistake in the attempt to
create a police state. The systems won't just magically appear, they'll be
constructed. Nor will they be constructed by laymen using Microsoft Excel,
but by professionals.
Our hope now lies in the individual. It lies in a place that should leave
any government toady quaking in his boots:
Our hope now rests on the nerds.
Understand, please, that I intend no malice when I use the word "nerd." I
myself am an Information Security professional, one of only two holders of
the coveted "CISSP" certification in the state of South Dakota. I've proudly
been a nerd since 1979, when my father bought his first computer for his
The TIA systems will be built by the nerds. WE control information systems
and the Internet, not some Federal agency. This evil abomination of a law is
only possible if we nerds cooperate in creating it.
Do you hear me, President Bush, Senator Daschle, and Congressman Thune? We
control these things, not you. Your systems exist solely because we choose
to cooperate.
It's now time for you to learn the truth of that statement. It's time for we
nerds to become the front-line warriors in the cause of individual liberty.
My friends, fellow nerds, we must refuse to cooperate.
If you work for a bank, as I do, when your employer assigns you the task of
creating the system to mirror customer data to the FedGov, you must refuse.
If you work for an ISP, and are ordered to track and mirror Internet traffic
and e-mail to the FedGov, you must refuse.
If you work for a travel agency, magazine, or library and are ordered to
mirror information to the FedGov, you must refuse.
If you work for a gun store (or other retail store) and create the systems
used to track customer purchases, you must refuse.
If you work for the FedGov and are ordered to create the systems to house
the data sent to you, you must refuse.
Understand the consequences of non-compliance, potentially far more deadly
than at any time in American history:
Under the American KGB, any refusal to cooperate in the hideously evil TIA
program will brand us as terrorists under Federal law. We will therefore no
longer be subject to normal proceedings, such as an attorney or trial. We
will be termed "enemy combatants," meaning that the American KGB may do
anything they like to us.
Many of us will lose our lives and fortunes. When my employer is ordered by
regulatory agencies to comply with FedGov edicts, failure risks the end of
his business. He will therefore want to fire me when I refuse to cooperate.
It may be that the KGB will want to make an example of me. They may whisk me
away in the dead of night (as is common practice for gun owners, individuals
with unusual religious practices, drug users, prostitutes, and other persons
whose "crimes" harm no one but themselves). They may wish to beat me into
submission and make me recant my words. They may simply take me out and
shoot me. Under the American KGB, there are no pesky Constitutional
guarantees to get in the way.
If they don't do it to me, no doubt one of my fellow nerds reading this
column will become such a victim.
Know this, however: while we can and will lose our lives and fortunes,
refusing to cooperate with the American KGB is the only way to retain our
sacred honor. In the immortal words of Mohandas K. Gandhi:
"They may torture my body, break my bones, or even kill me. Then they will
have my dead body, not my obedience."
My friends, my brother and sister nerds, my comrades-in-arms: we are called.
This is our time. We must step forward to the challenge, to do our part to
see that our children are not burdened with the chains of slavery our
governments wish to place on them. We must stand together, united in our
cause, and refuse to be the spineless lackeys that the FedGov believes us to
We are our nation's, our children's, our entire way of life's best hope. If
we fail now, the only recourse our children will have is bloody revolution.
That is our choice: stand now or force revolution on our children.
I invite you to join me in a solemn vow, a covenant between ourselves and
those we protect:
Come what may, we will not submit to this evil law.
The FedGov has just made this our war. Let them cower in fear before the
revenge of the nerds.
William Stone, III is a computer nerd and philosopher of the Zero Aggression
Principle from McCook Lake, South Dakota. He seeks the Libertarian Party's
nomination for the 2004 Senate race is South Dakota.
  "When you come to the fork in the road, take it" - L.P. Berra
  "Always make new mistakes" -- Esther Dyson
  "Be precise in the use of words and expect precision from others" -
   Pierre Abelard
  "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"
   -- Arthur C. Clarke
                         John F. McMullen
  johnmac at acm.org ICQ: 4368412 Fax: (603) 288-8440 johnmac at cyberspace.org
                                              NOYFB,P

@_date: 2002-11-03 23:00:04
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: A New Cryptography Uses The Quirks of Photon Streams 
A New Cryptography Uses The Quirks of Photon Streams
By JOHN MARKOFF
The quirky world of quantum physics, where mathematical elements can hold
multiple values and objects can be in several places at once, is heading
toward commercial products.
A start-up company, MagiQ Technologies, plans to announce today a
cryptogaphy  or code  system that uses a technology called quantum key
distribution to thwart eavesdropping on a fiber optic communication
channel. The company, based in New York, says it has a working model of
its system and will have a commercial version available in the second half
of next year.
With the system, keys to the code are transmitted as a stream of photons,
sent over a fiber optic cable. Because of the properties of quantum
physics, the mere act of observing the transmission would alter the
photons, rendering their information useless to any eavesdroppers.
A limit of the system is that it would not work on the Internet, only over
dedicated fiber cables in which the photon transmission can be carefully
controlled. But outside researchers say that quantum cryptography does
make possible electronic conversations that would be immune to
"MagiQ seems to be ahead of the research community in terms of making this
affordable and practical," said Dr. Burton S. Kaliski Jr., the chief
scientist of RSA Laboratories, one of the leading developers of
conventional cryptographic systems.
Research in quantum cryptography goes back into the 1980's. But MagiQ
(pronounced as magic) and a Swiss competitor, ID Quantique, are the first
to attempt to develop commercial systems based on the technology. ID
Quantique's system has not yet reached the market.
MagiQ was founded in 1999 by Robert Gelfond, a former securities trading
executive for D. E. Shaw & Company who was also a first-round investor in
The company has raised $6.9 million from investors who include Amazon's
founder, Jeff Bezos; Walter Riley, the chairman of Guaranteed Overnight
Delivery; and Neal Goldman, the president of Goldman Capital Management.
Industry analysts say that military applications would probably be the
primary use for quantum cryptography. "The Defense Department is going to
care, and that's big money for a small start-up to survive on," said Laura
Koetzle, a computer security analyst at Forrester Research.
MagiQ also plans to explore other commercial applications from quantum
physics, including quantum computing. Some scientists predict that
computers based on quantum principle are possible and will be able to
perform specialized tasks far more quickly than computers can.
Copyright The New York Times Company
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material whose use
has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. The
'johnmacsgroup' Internet discussion group  is is making it available
without profit to group members who have expressed a prior interest in
receiving the included information in their efforts to advance the
understanding of literary, educational, political, and economic issues,
for non-profit research and educational purposes only. I believe that this
constitutes a 'fair use' of the copyrighted material as provided for in
section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted
material for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use,' you must
obtain permission from the copyright owner.
For more information go to:
   "When you come to the fork in the road, take it" - L.P. Berra
   "Always make new mistakes" -- Esther Dyson
   "Be precise in the use of words and expect precision from others" -
    Pierre Abelard
   "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"
    -- Arthur C. Clarke
                          John F. McMullen
                 johnmac at acm.org johnmac at cyberspace.org
              ICQ: 4368412 AIM & Yahoo Messenger: johnmac13

@_date: 2002-11-15 13:31:01
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: The National Strategy to Secure Cyberspace 
The draft of The National Strategy to Secure Cyberspace has been posted
for comment by the public at:
In view of some of the views espoused by members of the Administration,
it is most important that we all read and comment on this initiative.
And while reading it, keep in mind the Law of Unintended Consequences
which Washington often fails to consider. The public comment period ends
on Monday.
Joe King, Producer/Host
The Personal Computer Show / WBAI-FM New York
3 Times winner Nat'l Computer Press Awards
18 Years of Service to the Tri-State region.

@_date: 2003-02-21 14:00:53
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: Hackers Run Wild and Free on AOL 
Hackers Run Wild and Free on AOL
By Christopher Null
Using a combination of trade tricks and clever programming, hackers have
thoroughly compromised security at America Online, potentially exposing
the personal information of AOL's 35 million users.
The most recent exploit, launched last week, gave a hacker full access to
Merlin, AOL's latest customer database application. As a security measure,
Merlin runs only on AOL's internal network, but savvy hackers have found a
way to break in.
The hack involves tricking an AOL employee into accepting a file using
Instant Messenger or uploading a Trojan horse to an AOL file library. When
the file is executed, the Trojan horse connects the user who launched it
to an Internet relay chat server, which the hacker can use to issue
commands on the targeted machine. This allows the hacker to enter the
internal AOL network and the Merlin application.
Merlin requires a user ID, two passwords and a SecurID code, all of which
hackers obtain by spamming the AOL employee database with phony security
updates, through online password trades, or by "social engineering"
attacks over IM or the telephone.
The hacker who first used this exploit is said to be a 14-year-old boy.
(He could not be reached for comment.)
Another recent exploit reportedly allowed anyone to log in to any account
with a password, using a hole in AOL's Japanese Webmail portal. That flaw
has since been repaired.
Yet another hole has allowed hackers to steal AOL Instant Messenger screen
names, even those of AOL staff members and executives.
Most at risk are screen names that hackers covet, like Graffiti, or
single-word names like Steve. Also at risk are internal AOL accounts like
TOSGeneral, which is used to monitor abuse reports.
While many of these hacks utilize programming bugs, most hackers are
finding it far easier and quicker to get access or information simply by
calling the company on the phone.
These so-called social engineering tactics involve calling AOL customer
support centers and simply asking to have a given user's password reset.
Logging in with the new password gives the intruder full access to the
In a telephone interview, two hackers using the handles Dan and Cam0
explained that security measures (such as verifying the last four digits
of a credit card number) can be bypassed by mumbling.
A third hacker, using the name hakrobatik, confirmed the mumbling method.
"I kept calling and pretending I just had jaw surgery and mumbling
gibberish," hakrobatik said. "At first I had no info except the screen
name, then I called and got the first name and last name by saying, 'Could
you repeat what I just said?' Then each time that I got information I
called back making the real information understandable, and everything
else I just mumbled."
In the end, hakrobatik said, service reps he talked to got so frustrated
having to ask him to repeat information that they'd give up and reset the
password. Hakrobatik later proved he could compromise any AOL account
armed only with its screen name.
Typically, hackers target reps at offshore call centers in India or
Mexico, who they claim are less savvy and have far less training than
American service agents.
"You can basically get any account information from AOL by just calling
and pestering," hakrobatik said.
At least one rep was susceptible to the proverbial oldest trick in the
book. Cam0 said he masqueraded as "a teenage girl" to win favors from a
smitten AOL employee after engaging in flirtatious chat sessions and
sending phony photographs. Some hackers also pose as internal AOL
Operations Security staff to wheedle information. And hackers claim
disgruntled AOL employees freely provide account information and favors to
friends on the outside.
Of the latest AOL attacks, Adrian Lamo, renowned hacker and founder of
disbanded watchdog site Inside-AOL, said: "It's unprecedented in the
history of AOL. AOL employee education is centered around fake online
communication. There's very little effort to guard against voice scams."
Why hasn't AOL let users know about the site's rampant security problems?
"Every now and then something flashy happens, but AOL keeps it quiet
pretty effectively," Lamo said.
The reason, Lamo said, is that AOL rarely prosecutes hackers.
"They tend to employ technical countermeasures and otherwise ignore
intruders," he said. "There's an oft-stated perception that no one has
ever been busted for hacking an AOL account."
AOL did not return repeated calls requesting comment for this story.
"You see all those commercials saying AOL 8.0 is so secure," said Dan. "If
people knew how insecure their data was they probably wouldn't use it."
Copyright 2003, Lycos, Inc.
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material whose use
has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. The
'johnmacsgroup' Internet discussion group is making it available without
profit to group members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving
the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of
literary, educational, political, and economic issues, for non-profit
research and educational purposes only. I believe that this constitutes a
'fair use' of the copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of
the U.S. Copyright Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for
purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission
from the copyright owner.
For more information go to:
   "When you come to the fork in the road, take it" - L.P. Berra
   "Always make new mistakes" -- Esther Dyson
   "Be precise in the use of words and expect precision from others" -
    Pierre Abelard
   "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"
    -- Arthur C. Clarke
                          John F. McMullen
                 johnmac at acm.org johnmac at cyberspace.org
              ICQ: 4368412 AIM & Yahoo Messenger: johnmac13

@_date: 2003-01-23 20:45:03
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: USACM: Congress should stop Total Information Awareness 
organization in the US (ref "Where Wizards Stay Up at Night" - Hafner ..)
and is the ACM in 'johnmac at acm.org')
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Hi, Declan.  The following letter is being sent out today.
January 23, 2003
The Honorable John Warner
Senate Committee on Armed Services
228 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC  20510
The Honorable Carl Levin
Senate Committee on Armed Services
228 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC  20510
Dear Chairman Warner and Senator Levin:
On behalf of USACM, the Association for Computing Machinery's U.S. Public
Policy Committee, we are writing to express some concerns regarding the
Total Information Awareness (TIA) Program, sponsored by the Department of
Defense.  We share the nation's desire to improve security against terrorist
acts, and we acknowledge that significant contributions can be made to
public safety and national defense with advances in computing technology.
Research into areas such as new data mining and fusion methods and
privacy-enhancement technologies is needed and welcomed.  However, the
overall surveillance goals of TIA suffer from fundamental flaws that are
based in exceedingly complex and intractable issues of human nature,
economics and law.  Technological research alone cannot make a system such
as TIA viable.
As computer scientists and engineers we have significant doubts that the
computer-based TIA Program will achieve its stated goal of "countering
terrorism through prevention".  Further, we believe that the vast amount of
information and misinformation collected by any system resulting from this
program is likely to be misused to the detriment of many innocent American
Because of serious security, privacy, economic, and personal risks
associated with the development of a vast database surveillance system, we
recommend a rigorous, independent review of these aspects of TIA.  Such a
review should include an examination of the technical feasibility and
practical reality of the entire program.  USACM would be pleased to assist
in such an effort.
Security Risks.
Immense databases, such as are being proposed by TIA - whether operated by
governmental or commercial organizations - represent substantial security
and privacy risks in their own right.  An all-encompassing database,
compiled from private and governmental databases including financial,
medical, educational, telephone, and travel records, will contain large
quantities of sensitive information.  One or more such databases would
provide new targets for exploitation and attack by malicious computer users,
criminals, and terrorists.  It is unlikely that sufficiently robust
databases of the required size and complexity, whether centralized or
distributed, can be constructed, financed, and effectively employed in a
secure environment, even with significant research advances.  A single
individual who has a personal or political vendetta, or who has been
compromised by blackmail or greed, could do great harm.  Yet, tens of
thousands of systems administrators, domestic law enforcement staff, and
intelligence personnel will be able to access the data; the security of the
data will depend on the trustworthiness of every one of them.  This is not
something that can be guaranteed with technology.
The databases proposed by TIA also would increase the risk of identity theft
by providing a wealth of personal information to anyone accessing the
databases.  A recent case of massive identity theft involved a computer
help-desk employee who abused his access to sensitive passwords from banks
and credit companies to obtain personal information on over 30,000 people
over a period of three years.  The employee then sold the personal
information to a number of scam artists.  Imagine how much more damage could
be done with a database as comprehensive as that envisioned by those who
support the TIA.  Imagine how effective a terrorist organization could be if
it could use those to pass themselves off as trustworthy citizens who hold
security clearances.
Privacy Risks.
Privacy is a fundamental American value.  Fair Information Practices were
developed because policymakers recognized that there are critical issues of
privacy when aggregating data that was collected for other purposes.  First
formulated by a Department of Health, Education and Welfare committee in
1973, the Code of Fair Information Practices is the foundation for the
federal Privacy Act of 1974 and the privacy laws of the country.  It
prohibits secret databases and mandates fairness, accountability, and due
process for individuals about whom information is gathered.  The need for
oversight and control is especially great when aggregation and analysis of
personal information is done without the knowledge or consent of the people
being monitored.
It is misleading to suggest that "privacy enhancing technologies" within TIA
can protect people's privacy, because by definition surveillance compromises
privacy.  Furthermore, the secrecy inherent in TIA implies that citizens
could not verify that information about them is accurate and shielded from
misuse.  Worse yet would be the resulting lack of protection against
harassment or blackmail by individuals who have inappropriately obtained
access to an individual's information, or by government agencies
that misuse their authority.  Again, these are concerns that cannot be
completely addressed, even with advances in technology.
Economic Risks.
The success of electronic commerce in the U.S. may be threatened by TIA.
Independent research has repeatedly shown that ensuring confidence in
privacy preservation is fundamental to the continued growth of electronic
commerce, a technology in which the U.S. is preeminent and on which a
significant part of our future economic growth depends.  In addition, as
most non-Americans would oppose allowing the U.S. government to access
private information about them, we could expect the development of
e-commerce systems that exclude the U.S., thereby depriving American
companies of significant export opportunities.  For example, a European
Union subsidiary of a U.S. based e-commerce company might be forbidden from
running the company's systems in the EU because of the EU's Data Privacy
Directive.  Alternatively, if privacy restrictions elsewhere in the world
conflict with TIA-inspired surveillance, companies may be forced to develop
and operate expensive, parallel systems of record-keeping for non-U.S.
Finally, the cost of identity theft to businesses, government, and victims
is significant and increasing.  National bank regulators approximated half a
million cases of identity theft a year.  Costs due to identity theft are
currently estimated to be in the billions of dollars.  Not only will all
these stolen identities introduce "noise" into the TIA database, the
potential for more significant theft via this aggregated database system
could greatly magnify the total costs to citizens, businesses, and
Personal Risks.
Because TIA would combine some types of automated data-mining with
statistical analysis, there would be a significant personal cost for many
Americans.  Any type of statistical analysis inevitably results in some
number of false positives - in this case incorrectly labeling someone as a
potential terrorist.  As the entire population would be subjected to TIA
surveillance, even a small percentage of false positives would result
in a large number of law-abiding Americans being mistakenly labeled.
For example, suppose the system has an 99.9% accuracy rate.  We believe that
having only 0.1% of records being misclassified as belonging to potential
terrorists would be an unachievable goal in practice.  However, if records
for everyone in the U.S. were processed monthly, even this unlikely low rate
of false positives could result in as many as 3 million citizens being
wrongly identified each year.  More realistic assumptions about the
percentage of false positives would drive the number even higher.  Research
to increase accuracy and eliminate false positives in such systems is
clearly worthwhile, but the rate can never be reduced to zero while
maintaining some functionality.  Is any level of false positive acceptable -
and Constitutional - in such a system?
The existence of TIA would impact the behavior of both real terrorists and
law abiding individuals.  Real terrorists are likely to go to great lengths
to make certain that their behavior is statistically "normal," and ordinary
people are likely to avoid perfectly lawful behavior out of fear of being
labeled "Un-American."
To summarize, we appreciate that the stated goal of TIA is to fund research
into new technologies and algorithms that could be used in a large
surveillance system in the service of eliminating terrorist acts.  However,
we are extremely concerned that the program has been initiated and some
projects already funded apparently without independent oversight and without
sufficient thought being given to real constraints - technical, legal,
economic, and ethical - on project scope, development, field testing,
deployment, and use.  Consequently, the deployment of TIA, as we currently
understand it, would create new risks while having an unknown effect on
overall security.
There are important steps that the government can take now to increase our
security without creating a massive surveillance program that has the
potential of doing more harm than good.  Federal, state and local
governments already have information systems in place that could play major
roles with highly focused "terrorist spotting".  However, many of these
information systems are only partly functional and/or being ineffectively
used.  An example is the computer system run by the Federal Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms which, according to the New York Times, was
unable to link bullets fired in three sniper shootings in Maryland and
Georgia in September, 2002.  Serious improvements in the use of current
operational systems could significantly enhance homeland security without
creating the major new risks noted in this letter.  We would be very pleased
to assist policymakers in those efforts, especially as they relate to
reducing the risk of attacks on our information infrastructure.
Please contact the ACM Office of Public Policy Office at (202) 478-6312 if
we can be of assistance.
Barbara Simons, Ph.D.
Eugene H. Spafford, Ph.D.
U.S. ACM Public Policy Committee (USACM)
Association for Computing Machinery
About USACM:
USACM is the U.S. Public Policy Committee of the Association for Computing
Machinery (ACM).  ACM is the leading nonprofit membership organization of
computer scientists and information technology professionals dedicated to
advancing the art, science, engineering and application of information
technology.  Since 1947, ACM has been a pioneering force in fostering the
open interchange of information and promoting both technical and ethical
excellence in computing. Over 70,000 computer scientists and information
technology professionals from around the world are members of ACM.
