
@_date: 2001-12-28 19:54:19
@_author: Andrew Odlyzko 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop 
Several of the comments about the slow uptake of PKI touch on what
seem to be two basic factors that are responsible for this phenomenon:
1.  Cryptography does not fit human life styles easily.  As an example,
truly secure systems would stop secretaries from forging their boss's
signatures, and this would bring all large beaucratic organizations to
a standstill.
2.  Novel technologies take a long time to diffuse through society.
"Internet time" is a myth.  As just one example, a news story I just
read was about the great success of online bill paying.  This is all
very well and good, but weren't we supposed to have that a long time
ago?  As a matter of fact, didn't Microsoft try to buy up Intuit back
in 1994 largely in order not to be deprived of the possibility of controlling online payments?  (I have two papers on this subject,
one a short one, "The myth of Internet time" that appeared in the
April 2001 issue of Technology Review, and a longer, more detailed
one, "The slow evolution of electronic publishing," published in
1997, that argue that consumer adoption rates are not noticeably
faster now than in the pre-Internet days.  Both are available on
my home page.)
Andrew Odlyzko
  -----Please note new address-----
  Andrew Odlyzko
  University of Minnesota
  Digital Technology Center
  1200 Washington Avenue South
  Minneapolis, MN 55415
  odlyzko at umn.edu       email
  612-624-9510          voice phone
  612-625-2002          fax

@_date: 2002-12-16 22:13:12
@_author: Andrew Odlyzko 
@_subject: Micropayments, redux 
The Micali-Rivest Peppercoin scheme seems awfully hard to distinguish from an instance of the
probabilistic polling scheme invented by S. Jarecki and myself,
which was presented at the first Financial Cryptography conference
in 1997, published in "Financial Cryptography," R. Hirschfeld, ed., Lecture Notes in Computer Science  Springer, 1997, pp. 173-191, and is available online at
   .
(This scheme is also covered by US patent

@_date: 2003-12-04 20:03:35
@_author: Andrew Odlyzko 
@_subject: Call for Papers: 2004 Workshop on Economics and Information Security 
The Third Annual Workshop on
               Economics and Information Security
                           (WEIS04)
                   University of Minnesota
Submissions due: March 1, 2004
   How much should we spend to secure our computer systems?  Can we
determine which investments will provide the best protection?  How will
we know when we've reached our goals?  Can market forces ensure that
firms will act to improve security?  Can incentives align the goals of
employees with the security goals of their employers?
   While security technologies have benefited from decades of study,
there has been a dearth of research into decision making tools required
to choose among these technologies and employ them properly.  The
growing importance of information security and the failings of
technology-centric approaches have made security economics an area ripe
for new research.  There is much work to be done both in applying
existing economic tools to today's security questions and in pioneering
new economic approaches to address problems unique to the study of
   The Third Annual Workshop on Economics and Information Security (WEIS04)
is a successor to the two pioneering workshops on this subject, held in
2002 at UC Berkeley and in 2003 at Univ. Maryland.  Information about them
is available at URLs given at end.
   We encourage economists, computer scientists, security specialists,
business school faculty, and industry experts to submit original research to the 2004 conference.  We would especially like to encourage collaborative research from authors in multiple fields.  Among past and suggested topics are:
   Game theoretic security models      Analysis of security solutions market
   Security investment optimization    Threat modeling
   Information sharing                 Risk management
   Algorithmic mechanism design        Security metrics
   DRM and customer lock-in            Security loss estimation
   Economics of privacy                Cyberterrorism
   Behavioral security economics       Economics of pseudonyms
   Reputation systems                  Case studies
   There will be no printed proceedings of this workshop, but as with the
preceding workshops, authors of accepted papers will be encouraged to post
their papers and presentation decks on the conference site. There may later be
a printed volume of selected papers from the workshop, similar to the volume
based on the first two workshops that is in preparation.
   Submissions should not exceed approximately 8,000 words (i.e., about 12 single
spaced pages in a standard 11 point font). They must be submitted by March 1,
2004. Position papers of significantly shorter length are also welcome.
Notification of acceptance for the program will be sent by April 1, 2004.
Submissions should be sent, preferably in PDF format, to weissub at dtc.umn.edu.
For general information about the conference, check the website:
 or email weisinfo at dtc.umn.edu.
Program Committee:
   Alessandro Acquisti, Heinz School, Carnegie Mellon University
   Ross Anderson, Computer Laboratory, Cambridge University
   Jean Camp, Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University
   Li Gong, Sun Microsystems
   Larry Gordon, Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
   Marty Loeb, Smith School of Business, University of Maryland
   Andrew Odlyzko (co-chair), Digital Technology Center, University of                      Minnesota
   Stuart Schechter, Division of Engineering and Applied Sciences, Harvard    Bruce Schneier (co-chair), Counterpane Internet Security
   Doug Tygar, Computer Science and Information Management, UC Berkeley
   Hal Varian, School of Information Management and Systems and Economics                      Dept., UC Berkeley
Local Steering Committee:
   Beth Allen, Economics Dept. and Supply Chain Research Center
   Massoud Amin, Electrical and Computer Engineering Dept. and Center for                      Development of Technological Leadership
   Dan Burk, School of Law
   Laura Gurak, Department of Rhetoric and Internet Studies Center
   Rob Kauffman, Information and Decision Sciences and MIS Research Center,                  Carlson School of Management
   Yongdae Kim, Computer Science and Engineering Dept.
   Vipin Kumar, Computer Science and Engineering Dept. and Army High                  Performance Computing Research Center
   Andrew Odlyzko (chair), Digital Technology Center
Sponsor: Digital Technology Center, University of Minnesota
Cosponsors at the University of Minnesota:   Center for Development of Technological Leadership
  Computer Science and Engineering Department
  Department of Economics
  Department of Rhetoric
  Electrical and Computer Engineering Department
  Internet Studies Center
  MIS Research Center, Carlson School of Management
  School of Law
Note: URLs for the first two workshops on Economics and Information
Security are
  .

@_date: 2004-04-19 14:50:51
@_author: Andrew Odlyzko 
@_subject: Workshop on Economics and Information Security, May 13-14, Minneapolis 
The 3rd Annual Workshop on Economics and Information Security
will be held Thursday and Friday, May 13-14 (right after the
Oakland conference) on the campus of the University of Minnesota
in Minneapolis.  General information, including a tentative
schedule, is available at
  Early registration with reduced fees closes on April 25.
Andrew Odlyzko

@_date: 2007-10-13 17:28:07
@_author: Andrew Odlyzko 
@_subject: Trillian Secure IM 
To add to the reference, a preprint is available online at
  A companion paper that was used crucially in the solution, "Solving
large sparse linear systems over finite fields," pp. 109-133 in  "Advances in Cryptology - CRYPTO '90," A. J. Menezes and S. A. Vanstone (eds.), Springer Verlag, Lecture Notes in Computer Science  (1991)
is available at
  Andrew Odlyzko,   On Thu, 11 Oct 2007 21:50:06 -0700
  >   > > > | Which is by the way exactly the case with SecureIM. How
  > > > | hard is it to brute-force 128-bit DH ? My "guesstimate"
  > > > | is it's an order of minutes or even seconds, depending
  > > > | on CPU resources.
  >   > Sun's "Secure NFS" product from the 1980s had 192-bit Diffie-Hellman,
  > and a comment in one of the O'Reilly NFS books says that
  >          "However, by 1990, advances in RISC processors produced
  >          workstation machines that could, by brute force,
  >          derive the private key from any public key in under a day."
  > but that in 1987 there were still a lot of Motorola 68010 machines
  > that took several minutes to generate keys so they didn't want it
  > longer. I'm guessing that a 1990 RISC machine was around 50 MIPS,
  > so it's maybe 1/100 the speed of a modern single-core CPU.
  >   > 128-bit DH sounds like as good a decision as using 40-bit RC4 keys
  > would be today.
  >   It wasn't just brute force, it was math.
           nfscrack,     author        = {Brian A. LaMacchia and Andrew M. Odlyzko},
    journal       = {Designs, Codes, and Cryptography},
    pages         = {46--62},
    title         = {Computation of Discrete Logarithms in Prime Fields},
    volume        = {1},
    year          = {1991},
    annote        = {Describes how the authors cryptanalyzed Secure RPC.}
  }
  		--Steve Bellovin,   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  The Cryptography Mailing List
  Unsubscribe by sending "unsubscribe cryptography" to majordomo at metzdowd.com
