
@_date: 2002-06-25 11:16:14
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
I certainly agree that that /should/ be the case. However, you assert
that it /is/ the case. Under what country's laws? Can you cite test
I'd claim that he made no agreement; a click-through license is not a
valid contract. If I recall correctly, a Louisiana court did rule that
way in a well-publicised case, and I've heard several Canadians assert
that at least some are invalid under our law. However, what people generally believe has little bearing in law.
The question is whether courts -- which courts in which countries
and on what grounds -- will deem them enforcable and therefore
will enforce them when asked to do so. It does not matter much
what you believe if a court can be convinced you're violating a
law. They have quite effective ways of enforcing such judgements.
Of course, there are some good legal arguments that click-through
agreements should not be enforcable, and that contracts should not
be allowed to restrict reverse engineering. For that matter, there's a good argument that the DVD CCA is an illegal conspiracy to restrict competition and manipulate the
markets, and should be prosecuted as such. e.g. the Australian
Competition Board has demanded an explanation of region codes:
To quote two speeches from that site:
Difficulties between the pro-competitive community and Intellectual Property
Mr Ross Jones, Commissioner
Australian Competition & Consumer Commission
Globalisation and Competition Policy
Professor Allan Fels, Chairman
Australian Competition & Consumer Commission
The quoted documents are a couple of years old. Does anyone have
an update? A few of us have been trying, without much success, to convince the
Canadian Competition Bureau to prosecute these conspirators. It might
be worth a shot in other countries.
Correct, for the case brought on the East Coast (NY? NJ?) by the
MPAA. However, the first case, brought in California by DVD CCA,
did not use the DMCA. It alleged theft of trade secrets, and
violation of the license agreement.
