
@_date: 2004-04-07 16:23:38
@_author: Paul Zuefeldt 
@_subject: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
Maybe the receipt should only allow the voter to check that his vote has
been counted. To get the detail you could require him to appear in person
with his receipt AND a photo ID or some such, then only allow him to view
his detail -- not print it.
Paul Zuefeldt
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Wednesday, April 07, 2004 3:14 PM
Except to those of us who don't trust the system.
Implemented correctly it could be cheap and complications could be
hidden from the voter. It could be cheaper - no need to pay people to do
an audit when "the people" will do it for you. You only need a small
fraction of "the people" to verify their votes to get a high level of
confidence that the election is valid. You only need one failure to cast
doubt on the election. This requires an un-forgeable receipt that cannot
be used for coercion. Un-forgeable we have been doing for a while now
with lots of different PK options. A receipt that cannot be used for
coercion cannot give any indication to others of who you voted for.
Right now this is a big complication (at least to me - I don't know how
to create such a receipt that doesn't require mental gymnastics on the
part of the voter).
-Michael Heyman

@_date: 2006-09-16 16:17:49
@_author: Paul Zuefeldt 
@_subject: RSA SecurID SID800 Token vulnerable by design 
I wouldn't dispute any of the arguments made in the original or subsequent posts on this topic pointing out that the programmatic interface to the device opens a security hole. But I think it needs to be said that this is only in the environment where trojans, etc., can infiltrate the machine. Acknowledged... this is probably in 99.99% of the applications.
But in defense of the product, there are server-to-server type applications that don't involve a human which wouldn't be able to provide this style of two-factor authentication without a programmatic interface. And without hardward-based security solutions for these types of systems, they are vulnerable to compromise of keys and secrets by administrators. With a little physical security and isolation from the types of use that put them at risk for trojans, etc., the security hole under fire doesn't really exist. These systems do gain more security... by providing a device that doesn't allow an administrator to walk away with the secrets.
Maybe server-to-server applications weren't really the intended market for this particular product, but the point is that you need to be careful with blanket criticisms.
Paul Zufeldt
