
@_date: 2001-12-26 17:45:58
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop 
HTTPS SSL does not use PKI. SSL at best has this weird system in which
Verisign has somehow managed to charge web sites a toll for the use of
SSL even though for the most part the certificates assure the users of
nothing whatsoever. (If you don't believe me about the assurance
levels, read a Verisign cert practice statement sometime.)
Of course, client side certificates barely even exist, although people
made substantial preparation for them early on in the history of all
of this.
Were it not for historical accident no one would care about "PKI" in
this context.
I get PGP encrypted mail a few times a week. I've never received a
request from any counterparty to set myself up to receive S/MIME. Your
mileage may vary.
When I was still doing security consulting, nearly every firm I worked
for had installed Entrust or something similar -- and none of them
used the systems for anything.
PKI and the Emperor's New Clothes have a bunch in common.
The PKI vendors are, I think, largely surprised by what has
happened. They were expecting things like lots of mutual
authentication using PKI to be in place, and in fact, there's almost
none in use at all.
I think many of the PKI vendors haven't been doing too well -- some of
them that I used to have dealings with barely exist any longer. The
one business that seems to make money is charging a toll for running
an e-commerce site. I wonder who they might be.
Of course, none of this should be surprising in the least. Commerce
and the PKI model have nearly nothing to do with each other. Some of
us were writing about this years ago.
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD Development, Support & CDs.

@_date: 2001-07-17 12:40:29
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Programmer arrested for Defcon talk? 
According to slashdot ( a programmer was
arrested for (apparently -- details on the cited web sites are
sketchy) giving a talk at Defcon in Las Vegas describing how to break
the encryption in certain Adobe PDF files. It is (apparently) claimed
by Adobe that this was a violation of the DMCA.
I'm not a big fan of /. -- they aren't particularly good at the whole
fact checking thing -- but the story sounds intriguing. The real
details may very well be quite different from what is portrayed. If
anyone knows real details, I'd appreciate them.
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD Development, Support & CDs.

@_date: 2001-07-17 13:15:41
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Programmer arrested 
Several people forwarded this:
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD Development, Support & CDs.

@_date: 2001-07-18 17:41:43
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: www.boycottadobe.com 
It appears an Adobe boycott is in progress. See: Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD Development, Support & CDs.

@_date: 2001-06-03 12:24:48
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: undersea taps 
To me, it seems reasonably obvious that the targets of undersea
tapping would not be cables that make landfall in the U.S., but those
that do not. The point would be to tap lines that travel between two
non-US landfalls. The US is not a terminus for all the world's
communications, although it is involved in a surprising fraction of
international calls...
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
Quality NetBSD CDs, Support & Service.

@_date: 2001-06-04 12:54:53
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Starium (was Re: article: german secure phone) 
I was unaware that Starium has ever released a product to be
compatible with, and a quick glance at their web site fails to reveal
products for sale. Am I mistaken on this? I would very much like to
buy their products if they existed...
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
Quality NetBSD CDs, Support & Service.

@_date: 2001-06-18 10:02:15
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: from IP: Feds will data tap under CALEA 
Forwarded from Interesting People
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
Quality NetBSD CDs, Support & Service.

@_date: 2001-03-28 17:10:11
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: The Cryptography Mailing List Returns... 
The Cryptography Mailing List has been resurrected.
New submission address: cryptography at wasabisystems.com
A great deal of mail has queued up for the list in the last four
weeks. I may or may not forward bunches of it depending on continued
"We apologize for the inconvenience."
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2001-11-02 18:57:13
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: passport hacked 
Stealing MS Passport's Wallet
By Brian McWilliams
12:25 p.m. Nov. 2, 2001 PST
To correct serious security flaws, Microsoft on Friday disabled the
virtual wallet function of its Passport service and has begun
notifying partners about the vulnerabilities, the company has
confirmed. The bugs in Passport , a sign-on service used by more than 165 million
people, were discovered this week by Marc Slemko, a software developer
who lives near Microsoft's Redmond, Washington, headquarters. Slemko
is a founding member of the Apache Software Foundation.
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD Development, Support & CDs.

@_date: 2001-11-27 15:41:40
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: private-sector keystroke logger... 
Too easy to detect. Encrypt the key in some key known only to the
attacker, and start leaking little bits of it in things like tweaks to
tcp timings or selections of tcp client port numbers or initial
sequence numbers and such. Very hard to detect something like that
with network sniffing.
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD Development, Support & CDs.

@_date: 2001-09-09 16:23:30
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Rijndael in Assembler for x86? 
Does anyone have an open source implementation of Rijndael in
assembler for the Pentium?
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD Development, Support & CDs.

@_date: 2001-09-09 16:23:30
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Rijndael in Assembler for x86? 
Does anyone have an open source implementation of Rijndael in
assembler for the Pentium?
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD Development, Support & CDs.

@_date: 2001-09-20 10:34:16
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: New encryption technology closes WLAN security loopholes 
We don't need a new proprietary technology. IPSec tunnels from the
wireless node to the base station work just fine, and are actually
secure on top of it!
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD Development, Support & CDs.

@_date: 2002-01-23 15:11:23
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: biometrics 
In general, I have to say that biometrics are useless for the majority
of day to day authentication tasks I have to deal with, because the
unit I'm authenticating from (say, my laptop computer) can simply lie
to the counterparty at will about what it is measuring.
Biometrics are perhaps useful for things like ATM machines and similar
situations where the system demanding authentication is composed
entirely of trusted hardware under the complete physical control of
the entities demanding the authentication.
However, as soon as you lose physical control over the device doing
the measurements or their communications path biometrics become worse
than useless. As one example, they're useless for authenticating
over-the-net bank account access -- the device on your desk that your
bank helpfully provides to scan your eye might not even be attached
when the cracker's software helpfully provides forged information down
the line. "Liveness" tests are not useful if you don't even know if
the biometric hardware at the other end is intact. Anything in a
user's location is by definition untrustworthy in this sense.
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD Development, Support & CDs.

@_date: 2002-01-26 15:55:48
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: biometrics 
I'm afraid I'm not letting it drop.
No, they can't. That's an engineering hope, not an engineering
reality. The hope you're expressing is that "well, maybe we can't make
it impossible to break this design, but we can make it cost more to
break the system than breaking it will bring the bad guy, and we can
do that without said tamper-resistance costing us more than we can
This is a seductive idea since it is an exact analog of the usual
"make it economically infeasible to break the key" arguments one hears
in crypto, but there is a big difference -- the very, very big
assumption that this can be done.
In crypto, it is easy -- you're making an exponential tradeoff between
key length and cracking time -- simplisticly, there are situations
where adding bits to a key makes it exponentially harder to brute
force break while often only linearly or at most polynomially more
expensive to use, so you can trade off breaking expense against usage
expense very easily.
However, in biometrics, the assumption that you can just make it
"economically infeasible to break" at low cost is is an assumption
that is, generally, horribly wrong. Adding another two mm of steel to
the casing around the camera doesn't make it appreciably more
tamperproof, and neither does coating the camera in epoxy no matter
how neat it is to show the investors.
We certainly would *wish* it to be the case that simple measures would
make it exponentially harder to break biometric sensors, but wishing
doesn't make engineering come true. Just because we would like there
to be such designs doesn't mean they exist, and sadly they don't.
Such tamper protections fairly consistently fail. I'm unaware of any
smart card system that has survived a serious assault. As for costs,
the smart card hacks of the last few years tend to indicate that smart
cards are pretty cheap to hack, too.
I have yet to see a biometric scanner that would be difficult to hack,
and I have very few ideas on how you could make it hard to
hack. Putting "cryptographic protections onchip[sic]" sounds like a
lovely idea, except it is both meaningless and useless -- meaningless
because we've seen over and over again that you can inexpensively
force devices to disgorge keys with fairly standard laboratory
equipment, useless because you can simply feed the sensors what they
want to hear since they are of necessity dependent on what the outside
world is telling them. I have yet to observe a way to public key
encrypt photons your light source shines out so you can be sure
they're not tampered with before they return from an iris.
I have no idea what the heck you're talking about there. Perhaps you
do, perhaps not.
The "economically unfeasible to break" argument is a HOPE, not an
objective reality. You can HOPE your system costs too much to break,
but most of the time our evidence is that you simply haven't been
around a sufficiently clever attacker during your design phase, and it
only takes one sufficiently clever attacker mentioning how to do it
for your system to fall.
Biometrics are not a reasonable way to defend financial systems or
other systems where costs of security failure are high unless said
biometrics are under physical control. If your retinal scanner is sent
off site, you have no way to know what it is telling you has any
connection with reality thereafter.
No, you HOPE that it is possible to design systems that can, without
excess expense, achieve any given level of assurance against
tampering, but the world has yet to back up this idea, any more than
the world has been able to produce magically copy protected software
or music, or magically secure operating systems, or other forms of
magic people are constantly swindled on.
Just because sometimes engineering gets nice clean tradeoffs (like in
key length) doesn't mean it always gets them. You just wish it
did. Wishing doesn't make it true.
I suppose since I'm simply wrong then, so would you be so kind as to
tell me where I can buy the magic iris scanner that I can't break into
with a little work in a reasonably equipped lab? I'd also like to know
where to find the smart cards that haven't fallen to quite inexpensive
assaults, since I'm unaware of them either.
Biometrics is all about convenience, and the silly thing about all of
it is not only doesn't it work, it doesn't in practice add
convenience, either. They are, however, a wonderful way for people to
try to sell their systems as cool and high tech, so we unfortunately
see the the idea disinterred from its grave over and over.
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD Development, Support & CDs.

@_date: 2002-06-17 18:06:29
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: ADMIN: The list is back... 
I was out with some health issues for a couple of weeks. I hope to
have the rest of the backlog out over the next 48 hours.
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD: The right OS for your embedded design.

@_date: 2002-05-12 12:13:12
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: ADMIN: No, I'm not dead... 
I was away at a couple of trade shows and forgot to send a "there will
be some delays" message before I left. The moderation backlog should
start clearing later today.
Perry E. Metzger		perry at wasabisystems.com
NetBSD: The right OS for your embedded design.
