
@_date: 2002-10-22 00:27:31
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: Palladium 
I've been trying to figure out whether the following attack will be
feasible in a Pd system, and what would have to be incorporated to prevent
against it.
Alice runs "trusted" application T on her computer. This is some sort of
media application, which acts on encoded data streamed over the
internet. Mallory persuades Alice to stream data which causes a buffer
overrun in T. The malicious code, running with all of T's privileges:
- abducts choice valuable data protected by T (e.g. individual book keys
for ebooks)
- builds its own vault with its own key
- installs a modified version of T, V, in that vault with access to the
valuable data
- trashes T's vault
The viral application V is then in an interesting position. Alice has two
- nuke V and lose all her data (possibly including all backups, depending
on how backup of vaults works)
- allow V to act freely
I haven't seen enough detail yet to be able to flesh this out, but it does
highlight some areas of concern:
- how do users back up vaults?
- there really needs to be a master override to deal with misbehaving
trusted apps.

@_date: 2002-09-27 17:06:16
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: RSA's RC5-64 Secret Key Challenge has been solved.  
The GNU project has a SDR implementation, which claims to implement at
least a plain FM receiver, and has GSM as a "future direction":
Of course, as soon as someone implements a satellite PPV decoder on top of
it the entire technology will probably be banned :(

@_date: 2003-04-22 14:06:35
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: DRM technology and policy 
There are also some non-extremists around, like us (
who are trying to wrest a little control away from the pro-copyright
Baen books ( seem to think it's a workable
idea. And they've already got a publishing house. I'm sure that if candy
could be produced with zero _marginal_ cost, there would be free candy
Yes. There are two main sources of conflict here: nobody wants to bear any
costs if they can pass them on to someone else, and people have very
different ideas of what costs are reasonable. Neither of these is a
technical issue, and they can't be solved by any process other than
political wrangling.
Oh, and please don't say theft when you mean copyright infringement. This
abuse of language makes it hard to tell who the real pro-copyright
extremists are.

@_date: 2003-04-22 14:47:17
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: DRM technology and policy 
CENORM ( a European
standards organsiation, are working on this issue. They don't appear to
have produced any sort of synthesis yet, just a catalogue of opinions as
to what a DRM system should be. If they do produce any concrete
requirements, they are likely to be written into European law eventually.
I think that there are deep philosophical problems which need to be
addressed before any coherent requirements can be produced. For example,
are copyright holders entitled to restrict which devices can be used to
playback their work? Are they entitled to engage in "tying", exclusive
deals (e.g. playback devices that can only play music distributed by one
of the Big Five), and other anticompetitve behaviour? Are they entitled to
ask for personal information?
What level of user discrimination are they entitled to engage in? Bulk
discounts? Frequent-listener discounts? Age discrimination? Location-based
discrimination? Region coding?
We're in line for a repeat of the crypto wars here. There were two
incompatible sets of requirements ("we don't want people to read our
communications" vs. "government wants to be able to read all
communications"). People ignored the ones they weren't interested in and
implemented things like PGP and Clipper.
Some of it can, some of it can't. Many legal concepts (e.g. "reasonable",
"intent") can't be technologically represented unless you have a system
that can pass not just the Turing test but the Bar exams.
(There's a Michael Marshall Smith novel which has "smart guns" with
databases of legal precedence in them, which the user can set to the level
of felony he wishes to risk. So you can set them to "self-defence",
"murder two" or "murder one". That's the level of technology that would be
needed for a purely technological implementation of fair use.)

@_date: 2003-04-27 02:35:26
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: what moral obligation? (Re: DRM technology and policy) 
The official UK CDR position on this is that copyright reform doesn't
appear to be necessary, and we should not have had the DMCA and EUCD in
the first place because they fail to solve something that is not really a
problem, in a very restrictive way with a lot of collateral damage to
software freedom.
Ben Cox is absolutely right that making money off people's work directly
without giving them a choice or a cut is not right. There's no reason to
abolish restrictions on commercial copying.
There then comes the question of making money off devices that are capable
of infringing copyright. This was first addressed 20 years ago in Sony vs.
Universal, and the subsequent Congressional inquiry that led to the
American Home Recording Act. The VCR has not destroyed the movie industry,
no matter what Valenti may have testified. Similarly, Napster did not
destroy the record industry. If all those 60 million people downloading
several tracks a month had done so instead of buying CDs, then we'd have
seen record stores boarded and shuttered within months. We haven't.
Downloading does not appear to substitute for purchasing.

@_date: 2003-04-28 20:52:49
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: Freedom to write crypto software (was: DRM technology and policy) 
[reply-to should be set to f-s-uk where this is on-topic]
[analogy between producing drinking glasses and drinking songs]
These are very different statements. You can achieve (a) by acting alone
or in conjunction with business partners. You can achieve (b) by (b1)  installing DRM and by (b2) changing the law to ban certain categories
of crypto software.
(a) is fine; that's what capitalism is all about.
(b1) is also fine; let it stand or fall in the free market.
(b2) is what I'm against, and why I'm posting to crypto despite the
fact that copyright is not on-topic.
I reckon that many people on the crypto list would disagree with the
statement, "The government should regulate what crypto software people are
allowed to write and use in the interests of national security and
saving lives".
I'm surprised to find people effectively agreeing with the statement, "The
publishing (of film, music, e-books) industry should regulate what crypto
software people are allowed to write and use in the interests of
the publishing industry making money".
That's what it comes down to. If someone - anyone, anywhere - uses the
Foobar SnakeOil(tm) algorithm for encrypting copyrighted works, then you'd
better not publish any information on how to break Foobar SnakeOil(tm)
unless you're prepared for a nasty legal mess.
The DMCA has some exceptions for "bona fide" encryption research (s. 1201
g) but what that comes down to is you having to argue in court that your
hat is very white while the prosecution sling mud at it.
The European Copyright Directive has no such loophole.
Anti-circumvention laws are a threat to cryptography and cryptographers
everywhere. A narrower threat than blanket export laws, but still a
Remember the crypto wars? People may have been inconvenienced, but AFAIK
Phil Zimmerman wasn't arrested for writing PGP. Dmitri Skylarov was
arrested for writing a decryption program that used keys already present
on the user's hard disk to decrypt ebooks that the user had also
legitimately obtained. He spent time in prison in the US for writing
crypto software.

@_date: 2003-06-05 02:47:14
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
You can't really hide this info with SSL: because of a number of design
decisions, you can only have one SSL site per IP address. The server has
to present a certificate - including site name - before the client sends
the Host: header indicating which site you want to see. So the
eavesdropper can work out what site you're visiting by looking solely at
the IP address.
This could have been avoided by defining two different "secure" protocols,
one of which offers scalable anonymous browsing and the other of which
offers guarantees about who you're posting your credit card to. It's still
possible that the P2P people will reinvent the web with an anonymising
routing protocol and end-to-end encryption, but don't bank on it.

@_date: 2003-06-09 16:13:50
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: Keyservers and Spam 
Solution: Have two addresses, a "secure" and "non-secure" one. Discard
all mail to the secure one that's not encrypted. OK, so you have to
process and discard it, but as a private individual the volume is not
going to be crippling.

@_date: 2003-03-24 16:37:03
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: Who's afraid of Mallory Wolf? 
How do you view attacks based on tricking people into going to a site
which claims to be affiliated with e.g. Ebay or Paypal, getting them to
enter their login information as usual, and using that to steal money?
It's not a pure MITM attack, but the current system at least makes it
possible for people to verify with the certificate whether or not the site
is a spoof.
So, you claim that a system designed to make MITM attacks impossible has
not suffered a successful MITM attack. Sounds rather tautologous to me.
The system was engineered very well to requirements with which you
Just out of interest, do you have an economic cost/benefit analysis for
the widespread deployment of gratuitous encryption?
It's just not that important. If your browsing privacy is important,
you're prepared to click through the alarming messages. If the value of
privacy is less than the tiny cost of clicking "accept this certificate
forever" for each site, then it's not a convincing argument for exposing
people who don't understand crypto to the risk of MITM.

@_date: 2003-10-09 10:31:26
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: Open Source (was Simple SSL/TLS - Some Questions) 
Having spent much of the past few weeks trying to sort out a workable VPN
solution, I think this is a good but doomed idea. has the best free windows IPsec configuration tool I've found, but that
doesn't help. Why? Because IPsec traffic is not TCP traffic and therefore
gets dropped by random networks.
If you want a VPN that road warriors can use, you have to do it with
IP-over-TCP. Nothing else survives NAT and agressive firewalling, not even
Microsoft PPTP.
If someone out there wants to write VPN software that becomes widely used,
then they should make a free IP-over-TCP solution that works on Windows
and Linux which uses password authentication.

@_date: 2003-10-09 11:26:57
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: Open Source (was Simple SSL/TLS - Some Questions) 
Yeah. I hope they won't be too serious. My understanding is that links
with few tunnelled connections and low packet loss work OK.
That's just TCP tunnelling, or are there SSH implementations with virtual
network interfaces that I don't know about?

@_date: 2004-06-01 15:04:53
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: A National ID 
Similarly, there is a push for ID cards in the UK at the moment. See
 and  for more detail. No
doubt the same arguments for and against apply on both sides of the
Atlantic, and it would be good if activists were to share information.
Note that the real danger is not the cards but the database for which they
are a unique key. See just about every issue of RISKS for ways in which
big national databases can go wrong.

@_date: 2005-12-13 17:27:07
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: [Clips] Banks Seek Better Online-Security Tools 
Hmm. What's the evidence that national ID schemes reduce credit fraud
(what people normally mean when they say "ID theft")? How does it vary
with the different types of scheme?
I've been opposing the UK scheme recently on the grounds of unreliable
biometrics and the bad idea of putting everyone's information in a
basket from which it can be stolen (in addition to the civil liberties
reasons). My solution to the credit fraud problem is simple: raise the
burden of proof for negative credit reports and pursuing people for

@_date: 2005-12-15 18:14:29
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: automatic toll collection, was Japan Puts Its Money on E-Cash 
Yes, the London congestion charge. There were some horror stories about
trouble with the ANPR* technology in the first weeks, but now it's just
ticking over in the background and appears to be working. There is
almost certainly a feed to MI5 (internal security) of the whole thing.
The UK government has various plans for rolling out tracking technology
more widely, such as ANPR cameras on motorways for detecting speeding,
or GPS devices for national road pricing. It's also planning on building
a vast database of everyone's name, address, biometrics, and
* automatic number plate recognition

@_date: 2005-10-04 13:41:09
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: Hooking nym to wikipedia 
I'm a bit concerned by this scheme. I'm not clear at the moment whether
you're proposing imposing it on all wikipedia users or just those that
want to access via Tor?
There's a big useability issue with client certs, in that they are part
of a particular PC browser profile and are fiddly to move between PCs;
while being moved (e.g. USB key) or at rest on the disk they are
vulnerable to raids by the security services. I'd expect the mythical
Chinese dissident to be using netcafes rather than his/her home PC which
will have a keylogger installed on it / be taken as evidence in raids.
(e.g.  )
(Also, I'd expect any serious repressive regimes to simply have anyone
found using Tor taken out and shot; has this been addressed?)

@_date: 2006-02-18 23:37:14
@_author: Peter Clay 
@_subject: the return of key escrow? 
This is exactly it. For years Western governments have been worried that
terrorists might build a secure distribution network for information and
orders, and now Hollywood is building one. A fake record label would be
a fantastic front for such a thing; each subscriber device (such as a PC
or mobile phone) can be uniquely identified, so when your agent
downloads the latest hit single he actually gets four minutes of orders
etc; nobody can tell from the outside, it's wiretap-resistant, the agent
can't have the key beaten out of him because he doesn't know it,
it's difficult and time-consuming to extract it from the device, and
because everyone has one it's quite hard to use traffic analysis alone
to pick out suspects.
There is no way Microsoft is going to build in a back door to Vista for
Special Branch - once they do that for one government and it becomes
known all hell breaks loose and they get banned from half their markets.
Some form of crazy overcomplicated key escrow system might happen; might
as well tie people's TCPA keys to their biometric identity cards, right?
