
@_date: 2001-08-02 21:43:28
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: moving Crypto? 
I'm worried about the long-term National Security implications. If DMCA
stands and US cryptography researchers are imprisoned en masse, or forbidden
to work, then the best US crypto people will migrate to - Russia? Where they
would be free to do their research?
Non-government cryptography researchers are a strategic asset, vital for
economic reasons, needed to provide a pool of talent/knowledge for NSA/the
Armed Forces, available to be called upon in time of war, etc.etc.
How about moving Crypto to Moscow, or perhaps St Petersberg?

@_date: 2001-07-18 04:51:50
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: SFS for anonymity 
Given: an online Steganographic Filing System database based on the second
construction of Anderson, Needham and Shamir*, with many users. Users write
email to the data base, with random cover writes. They read from the
database to collect their mail, reads are covered by random cover reads, and
random reads/writes when they have no mail.
Assumptions include: Messages are encrypted. Users would prefer to lose
their mail than have it compromised. All communications and alterations to
the database are intercepted, and the database itself is compromised. Shared
secret keys between users are allowed. Stored hashes of the database state
are allowed, to ensure that it has changed enough. The database/userbase can
be split into groupwrite/anyread and anywrite/groupread segments (group
membership is random and not secret).
The point is to foil traffic analysis without a distributed network or
trusted third party. Any ideas/insuperable objections?
(Could datarates be optimised to implement untraceable internet telephony as
well as email on a DSL/cable-type connection?)
Comments?

@_date: 2001-06-01 15:48:33
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: NSA tapping undersea fibers? 
Jane's suggests a working depth of at least 2000 ft (600m) for Seawolf class
submarnes such as the "Jimmy Carter", but it might be more, as their
pressure hulls are made of HY-100 high-pressure steel, material of choice
for working depths of 10,000ft (3000m) or more in small commercial subs.  I
agree that they aren't going to do it at much more than about 3000ft
(1000m), but they could probably zoom down that far without needing major
inspection/overhaul afterwards.
We are talking about the NSA, right? Of course they have reasons to want to
tap cables that make landfall in the US. Apart from the legal aspects, eg
operations conducted outside the US, "inadvertant" monitoring of  US
citizens, and the frankly illegal things they might want to do, NSA aren't
going to trust cable operators to keep wholesale monitoring secret.
Cable companies do this (from the surface) when they repair cables, but they
usually cut the cable before separately raising the cut ends and splicing in
a new section. I doubt that cable would be strong or extensible enough to
lift uncut, unless there was a lot of slack from eg a previous repair.
If they don't have to lift it, almost certainly yes, unexplained performance
spikes and even outages are not unknown, if the cable still works the
company isn't going to get too het up. I doubt anyone will even notice. A
<1% change in signal strength, in one link, isn't much of a worry.
This also solves the problem of backhaul, just lay a short cable to shore.
However cable companies do inspect/overfly their cables close to shore, to
prevent and detect damage from trawlers etc., so operating a bit further
out, at depths of between 300 and 600m, might be better. Filtering equipment
can be hidden more effectively here, unless they want all the "take".
I speculate that the NSA could (and probably do) lease fibres from cable
companies. I also expect that if they wanted to install their own monitoring
equipment and security at the cable termination site, no-one would raise an
eyebrow. With a leased channel, as opposed to a fibre, it would be tricky but not, I
suspect, impossible. However this would require the covert insertion of a
sending laser, which would be hard to do without interrupting traffic. It
would introduce delays, which might be noticable.
Straight covert insertion of packets would probably be easily detected by eg
monitoring or billing software.
It's nearly impossible to detect a cable buried under the seabed, with no
metal or voltage in it (not needed for a short cable), and even if you did,
you would have a very hard time identifying/tracing it.

@_date: 2001-06-02 02:23:25
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: NSA tapping undersea fibers?  
How did you calculate that? It's not obviously wrong, straight is
((((1000/2)+5)^2)^0.5)-500)/500 = 0.005%, but I'd be interested in your
assumptions about the catenary (as in "entia non sont multiplicanda praeter
neccessitatum', I don't reverse calculate catenaries unless I _really_ have
Cable companies don't do it. I don't actually know why, but a few guesses:
a) cables get tangled on seabottom features at less than 1000 mile intervals
b) lifting a cable through obstructions might impose damaging bending
stresses, so they test the raised portion before doing anything else
c) put into human perspective, it's a string 3 feet long being lifted 1 cm
in the middle over a not-flat surface, and only touching the ground at the
ends. So:
d) the stress in the catenary is enormous. In view of general seabed
roughness that sort of catenary is impractical. to put it mildly. You are
talking about a few hundred miles of cable suspended closely above the
seabed. Cable sinks, deliberately, and thus has weight. depends of course on
the elasticity of the whole cable, but as the fibres are made of glass...
e) fiber optic cables can't take that much stress (or even that much strain)
and function properly
Just guesses. I might be wrong about the difficulty of raising an uncut
cable. Anyone know the real (limiting) reason cable companies don't do it?

@_date: 2001-06-04 22:10:17
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: tapping undersea fibers? 
Prompt repairs (in another country) in Africa? Guaranteed? don't make me
laugh. And when the cable might go through four war zones in an average
year? don't make me cry. Such a cable might last six weeks before becoming
permanently unuseable.
If a backhoe can do it, there will be _lots_ of cuts.
Alliances, anyone? Perhaps one country says "We want to know everything that's in the cable, or
it doesn't get through, and by the way you have to pay taxes on through
traffic"? Then the other loop segment is vulnerable.
Or in a war,  a country that's in the surviving loop says "Oops, sorry, we
have an accidental cut. We'll get it repaired soon, sooner perhaps if
you..." Or terrorists/mercenaries/country A's army cut it in country C.
Anyone can cut that cable, at any time, and cause disturbances.
Sure, so what? That's why they want it _far_ offshore, it's safer from
A local spur cable can do the same thing at much the same cost. And all
those taps are a security nightmare...
It would cost a lot more. It would need so many treaties that it would never
get agreed. People at mesh points could trap traffic from/to a specific
country. As the individual cables have, for geographical reasons, to go
through, in some cases, a maximum of two countries, there is no benefit in a
mesh against DoS if both those countries are against through traffic.
Not to me. If you want to avoid tapping, use end-to-end encryption.

@_date: 2001-06-05 11:56:53
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: NSA tapping undersea fibers?  
Transoceanic cables vary from about 15 to 23 mm diameter. Until recently
they had 4 pairs of fibres maximum.
The SL21 from Tycom is a typical modern transoceanic cable. It has a
diameter of 21 mm, weighs about 1.25 kg/m, working load 17,500 lb. It has 8
fibre pairs in a steel-wire and copper tube construction, in a polyethylene
sheath. The copper tube is the current carrier as well as hydrostatic
Max depth in seawater is about 7 km, beyond which it breaks under it's own
weight. At a typical 4 km depth it is almost vertical when it is laid or
lifted. It cannot be lifted uncut from this depth.
The Jimmy Carter has an "ocean interface" suitable for a large cable reel,
and it can covertly lay cable for backhaul. Cable laid from a submarine can
be thinner and cheaper than cable laid from the surface, especially if the
depth is not too great.
Cables up to 4,500 km can be repeaterless, also greatly reducing the cable
size and cost as no conductor is required, and with higher capacity, as the
number of fibres is not limited by power requirements (to run repeaters).
Cables up to about 800km long, at depths around 400m, can be very cheap
(comparatively). A cable like this would easily fit into the Jimmy Carter.
The Jimmy Carter could also act as an undetectable support ship for a deep
submersible, which could tap cables at oceanic depths.
Re: tapping US cables: Canadian, French, Belgian, German and Bermudan
companies, I stopped looking, install and run cables that make landfall in
the US. Tapping on land could not go unnoticed by these companies. Legal
threats to imprison their employees would not work, as they are not US
citizens. Threats against their licences to operate should be reported to
their Boards, under due diligence laws.
Wholesale consensual tapping of these cables by the NSA could not reasonably
be expected to be kept secret from eg European Parliamentary Investigators,
at least to the extent of a quiet word in someone's ear, if senior staff in
these companies were aware of it. I have a hard time believing it could be
kept secret from US "cyberwarriors" and freedom of speech / privacy
campaigners, USC 18;798 or no. I have an even harder time believing the NSA
might think it could be kept secret, it's just not in their nature to trust
anyone outside the Agency.
Botton line? If the NSA used wholesale tapping on land, we would probably
have evidence of it.
Would they want to tap these cables? To quote Perry Metzger, "The US is not
a terminus for all the world's communications, although it is involved in a
surprising fraction of international calls..." It's like robbing banks, you
go where the money is. A recent UK-France traceroute I did went through the
US twice. Twice was slightly unusual, but once isn't.
I could not find "the law that allows the NSA to tap cables wholesale",
though I looked at several.  Can anyone help? If they tap offshore does the
take becomes "Foreign Intelligence"?

@_date: 2001-06-07 01:30:09
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Starium (was Re: article: german secure phone) 
Surely a male-to-female jack. Plug it (male) into the wall socket and plug
the phone into it (female). You could put the electronics in a separate box
if the jack is too small. Or a box with a tail. If you have to have a double
female, like an external modem has, does it matter if, like a modem, it
doesn't work if you plug it in the wrong way round? That is easy to detect.
I don't see why you can't sell a handset though. People buy new ones when
they redecorate. And they're more resistant to Tempest-style attacks, as
unencrypted speech isn't transmitted along the cord.
A handset also allows a protocol to avoid some MITM without authentication:
Alice calls Bob, exchange DH, Bob replies with a few spoken digits hashed
from their shared secret, which he sees on a display on the handset. Alice
keys these digits into her phone, if they match she can speak (until then
her voice doesn't get transmitted). Not perfect, but it helps.
Too much user interaction? Users _need_ interaction to make them aware of
the security status of the line they are using. They've all seen the spy
films where people use STU's and say "go secure" and press a button and wait
for the bleeps, if it doesn't do that they won't believe it. If you have no
user interaction then what happens if eg the kids unplug the box and you
don't notice?
A handset should, of course, be compatible with a computer/headset and
encrypted-voice-over-internet software. Perhaps a pda/mobile combo too.

@_date: 2001-06-24 23:08:57
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: crypto flaw in secure mail standards 
A standard business letter has "From:" and "To:" addresses. It has a date.
It has a "Dear:", showing also (perhaps) who it is for. It has a "Yours:"
showing (perhaps) a relationship between the correspondents. It has a typed
name showing whose name it is sent in, and it has a signature which
authenticates _all_ of these.
It has these things because long experience shows that it needs them,
experience gained from disputes and court cases.
An electronic business letter should have the same things. "Dear:" has gone
by the boards in email, to my personal regret, but there is no excuse for
allowing e-mail without the "to" address being authenticated by the
signature. It is an elementary failure of protocol design.

@_date: 2001-05-14 19:22:11
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: forwarded message from tylera19@hotmail.com 
[..] Does the recipient get paid? The recipients of spam/ads? I've got unlimited
email addresses ...

@_date: 2001-05-26 01:27:57
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Tamperproof devices and backdoors 
Inspectability and tamperproof-ness are not synonymous (except in quantum
mechanics). However keeping a key secret on a tamperproof device implies
that the secret can't be inspected. The device can be inspected before the
secret is installed, but that's probably the best that can be done (without
using quantum mechanics. I need coffee before I work out how to do that).

@_date: 2001-10-15 19:16:03
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Scarfo "keylogger", PGP 
For those who haven't seen it, there is an affidavit from the FBI at
  (ref from schneier)
about the "keylogger" system the FBI used. I put "keylogger" in quotes
because it's unclear if the "key" that's being logged is a keystroke or an
encryption key - probably both.
This is a very tricksy document, I have studied it hard and I'm still not
sure what it says, however:
(background: the FBI couldn't intercept his email with the warrant they had,
so they couldn't use an ordinary keylogger)
There were at least two "components" to the "keylogger" the FBI planted on
Scarfo's computer. One was a "keystroke capture component" that couldn't
record keystrokes when the modem was operating (there are hints that another
"component", perhaps the one below, could record keystrokes entered into a
window that was not using the modem when the modem was in use by another
window). This doesn't seem to have recorded much, anything useful, or
anything that looks like language, and it was probably meant to capture key
material used by crypto programs other than PGP, which was the main target.
Could be hardware but it "checked the status of each communication port" at
every keystroke before recording it so I doubt it. Then again a software
port scan at every keystroke might noticeably degrade performance. One
puzzle is that if the ports reported inactivity then all keystrokes were
recorded. I don't know about Scarfo, but I usually write email when
disconnected to keep the phone bills down, there weren't any emails in the
log presented to the Court, and the "keylogger" was in place for at least 14
The other and more worrying "component" picked up the PGP key Scarfo used -
his father's prison number! - and virtually nothing else. It didn't capture
keystrokes. Almost certainly it detected and captured only the PGP logon
when the enter key was pressed, and it is almost certainly software. I don't
know if Scarfo entered his PGP key more than once but apparently it only
recorded it once. The PGP key information was at the end of the output
presented to the Court so it may have stopped operation then, but the
"keystroke capture component" should have continued to work if the overall
design was good.
Could it be remotely installed? Is this a serious security failure in PGP?
The recent announcement by NA that they are looking for a buyer for PGP, at
a time when it's value would be low anyway following the WTC attacks, may be

@_date: 2001-10-16 00:44:34
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Scarfo "keylogger", PGP 
The order is available on the epic site (copy sent privately). I don't think
the cleanliness of the collected data is relevant as all they wanted was the
PGP key, which either works or doesn't, they got the encrypted files when
they examined the computer beforehand and/or seized it afterwards.
I do think they have probably gone too far and captured email, at least when
it was being composed, even if they didn't intercept it in transmission. The
order relates to business records but not email, whose seizure the order
does not permit (a different type of order is needed for email). Pretty
silly imho as they didn't need to install the "keystroke capture component"
at all.

@_date: 2001-10-16 15:59:24
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Scarfo "keylogger", PGP 
The "keystroke capture component" (which does not work when the modem is
operating) would capture email when composed offline before transmission. I
don't know whether this needs a wiretap warrant or not, but in effect it is
tapping email, during a part of it's journey from brain to brain.
The "PGP-key capture component" only captured the PGP logon, and wouldn't
capture email in any case. It would work when the modem was working (on
something else).
The encrypted data on Scarfo's computer may or may not include email, which
the PGP key would decode, but the FBI were authorised to seize business
records, not email. Perhaps the FBI might not be allowed to decrypt or look
at any email found, though in practice it would be nearly impossible to stop
them doing so.
The affidavit is extremely complex and hard to unravel, whether to try to
preserve secrecy, in the hope that it will confuse the defence/Court, or
perhaps it's just legalese, I don't know.

@_date: 2001-10-16 19:30:45
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Scarfo "keylogger", PGP  
Capturing keystrokes of email in composition would appear to me to be part
of a "transfer of ..intelligence of any nature transmitted ... in part by a
wire...", and nothing to do with stored email or 2703, but I am not a

@_date: 2001-10-20 23:43:51
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Public Anonymity 
It might help, but if there are laws requiring _all_ ISP's, remailers, and
mixmasters to reveal everything, which is where it seems we may be going,
then it will do no good. Only public anonymity systems will work here
(public refers to _all_ the workings of the communication system being
public, with the exception of your own internal processing of data. I assume
you trust yourself, and can secure your own computer/brain).
All non-public systems (most of the usual anonymity systems except stego)
rely on some function being _secretly_ done by a "trusted" third party,
perhaps with only one out out many possible TTP's actually being trustable.
This has in the past been a good assumption in many cases, but if worldwide
leglislation imposes mass disclosure requirements it may no longer be
tenable. Here public anonymity becomes important.
In a good public anonymity system it should be possible for Alice to send
Bob a message when all the other players are possible spies for (insert
here), and for it to be impossible for anyone, _including Bob_, to prove
Alice sent any messages at all. This is hard, it is much easier if Alice can
trust Bob, but it may be necessary to assume Bob is potentially an
(challenge for any budding cryptologists, or even established ones -
describe a secure public anonymity system where Bob is not trusted. Case of
beer for any better solutions than mine, or a case for the best solution
anyway. I will post mine later, it's not that good, this is brainstorming
not STO.)

@_date: 2001-09-16 17:26:08
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: How to ban crypto? 
Banning cryptography to deter terrorism, or controlling it to give GAK, is
much in the news these days. I wonder if it could be done?
Bin-Laden was at one time said to use stego in posted images for comms. I
doubt this was true, but it would be very hard to stop. Good stego can be
undetectable (and deniable) for short messages of the type needed by
terrorists. Without depth it can be very hard to detect even "ordinary"
stego, and stego is advancing fast.
To prevent traffic analysis, public fora such as newspaper private ads or
chalk marks on walls have been used by spies and terrorists for a long time,
and modern ones like newsnet groups aren't very different. Requiring posters
to prove identity would be difficult if not impossible, and wouldn't work
against undetectable stego anyway. Even a popular privately run site could
be used to provide cover traffic. That's not counting the CIA's SafeWeb
anonymiser, remailers, and the like.
Subliminal channels in Government-approved crypto could also be used. Word
or phrase selections can carry messages. Pre-arranged codes can be as secure
as OTP, and impossible to detect or prove. The list is long if not endless.
Perhaps Governments can ban (non-approved?) encryption software, and punish
those who have it on their computers? I'm no expert, but it seems likely
that a macro worm could be written to do hard crypto without great
difficulty, and people can reasonably say they didn't know it was there. It
might even be possible to embed this functionality in a virus.
Certainly it could be included in freeware available on the 'net. I've also
been looking at the possibility of "steganographically" hiding
functionality, and while I can't do it yet, I'm convinced it could be done.
Any other suggestions for how to ban crypto? I can't think of anything that
would actually work against terrorists.

@_date: 2001-09-17 01:53:03
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: NYC events and cell phones  
The A5/1 encryption used in GSM 'phones can be switched off easily, in fact
it is not switched on at all (A5/0) in some countries. There is also a
weakened version (A5/2). All GSM phones support all three modes. The type of
encryption used is determined by the base station.
It is possible that damage to basestations or volume of traffic may have
caused this failure. Possibly, the telco switched it off to maintain
service. Equally, the FBI/NSA etc may have switched it off, but I don't know
why they would bother - the encryption is only between the mobile and the
basestation, and they could pick up plaintalk there much more easily.
AFAIK the mode of encryption is irrelevant to locating 'phones.
If you have a multi-band 'phone, perhaps it was using a different band
(analogue, no encryption possible) because the 1.9GHz band wasn't working?
In view of the message snippet below it seems the most likely possibility:
[..] Incidently, even the A5/1 algorithm is supposedly not very secure against eg
LEAs, Corporations, or perhaps even a very dedicated amateur, though I have
no exact details to hand.

@_date: 2001-09-19 21:35:32
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: chip-level randomness? 
If your machine is left on for months or years the seed entropy would become
a big target. If your PRNG status is compromised then all future uses of
PRNG output are compromised, which means pretty much everything crypto.
Other attacks on the PRNG become possible.
The Intel rng outputs about 8kB/s (I have heard of higher rates). Using all
this entropy to reseed a PRNG on a reasonably modern machine would not take
up _that_ much resources. And it would pretty much defeat any likely attacks
on the PRNG.
So you need a "cryptographically-secure" PRNG that takes a 200-bit seed. As
the output is used by programs that may use strange and not-yet-invented
algorithms which may interact with and weaken the PRNG, how are you going to
design it? And what happens if your PRNG is broken? Everything is lost, the
attacker has "got root" so to speak.
Sometimes it may have no effect on security, but it can affect it badly.
Brute force attacks on the PNRG could be more efficient than on the cipher
if 256 bit or higher keys were used. With the possible introduction of QC
looming it might well be advisable to use such key-lengths for data that
requires long-term security.
I agree that performance hits arise if an all-real-random approach is used,
but personally I am in favour of using all the entropy that can easily be
collected without taking those hits. The Intel rng can do this nicely
(although I would use other sources of entropy as well).

@_date: 2001-09-20 02:02:28
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: chip-level randomness?  
I need _lots_ of random-looking bits to use as covertraffic, so I'm using
continuous reseeding (of a BBS PRNG) using i810_rng output on i386 platform
as well as other sources (the usual suspects plus CD latency plus an
optional USB feed-through rng device a bit like a dongle). I don't use a rng
on Apple, 'cos it doesn't have one. Others would perhaps not need so many
bits. I do hash them, but I don't really trust any hash, algorithm, or rng, so I
use all the entropy I can get from anywhere and mix it up. I try to arrange
things so each source is sufficient by itself to provide decent protection.
It might be a better idea to schedule reseeding of the PRNG depending on
usage rather than time for more everyday use. Actually I don't disagree with
you much, except I'd like to see reseeding more often than once a minute.
There is another reason to use a PRNG rather than a real-rng, which is to
deliberately repeat "random" output for debugging, replaying games, etc. Not
very relevant to crypto, except perhaps as part of an attack strategy.

@_date: 2002-04-04 14:23:39
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: WW2(?) steganography 
Just been reading "Garbo - the spy who saved D-day", which is an MI5 account
released by the  UK public records office of the Garbo case (the Germans
thought Garbo, a Spaniard real name Juan Pujol, ran a ring of spies in
Britain and was one of their best agents - in fact Garbo was a double agent,
and there were no spies, just a lot of MI5 officers).
They communicated largely by using secret inks in letters to Spain/Portugal,
and the book gives some tales of inks and developers, "striping", which is a
technique whereby the censor applies a stripe of reagent to test for
invisible inks - but the striping can be detected from examining innocent
mail, so you use better secret inks - or you stripe with ineffective
developers - and so on, in a maze of deception and double-cross.
The interesting thing is that, even though the report, written in 1945, has
now been released, the only things redacted (so far - I'm half way through)
are the names of the inks and developers...

@_date: 2002-02-11 19:11:36
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Where's the smart money? 
Not having a microwave (or any unwanted money) to experiment, I have to ask
if the metallic strips in present notes would survive microwaving either.

@_date: 2002-02-12 01:49:02
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Where's the smart money? 
I don't know whether to smile, or call you an arsehole, you give few clues -
"economic growth"?.
I just hope that if your suggestion is taken up then all the bills that are
declared invalid belong to you, and thus not to me or anyone else.
Even credit card invalidity is not thoroughly recognised these days - just
before Christmas I ordered a CD which was sent, even though I'd
inadvertantly gone over my limit and the payment authorisation was refused -
they wrote a note telling me so on the delivery invoice. A human being, not
a computer system.
People give cash notes to other people, who may or may not be retailers. If
it's not humanly recognisable without a terminal, it's likely to be refused.
I suppose they could do an introduction of new notes, like they did with the
Euro, but I can't see it working.
And after a few exchanges on the lines of "It won't pass the box" - "Give me
my change or I'll break your head" I suspect the retailer boxes would become
as likely to be sabotaged as the notes.
What about eg markets where there is no electricity, never mind connectivity
to check notes? R. Branson started there, for one.
Cash has it's place, but requiring electronic confirmation is exactly where
it isn't. We have credit cards for that. Cash needs to be authenticatable by
humans alone.

@_date: 2002-01-21 21:53:45
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: PGP & GPG compatibility 
Brad's point about writing encryption software for Windows, as you often
write email to people who use Windows, so you know your email is safe on
*both* ends, has merit, and if Windows was at all secure I'd agree, but...
Another point about this type of zero-UI encryption is that you don't
actually know if your email will be secure, or just sent in clear (if you
have a flag to tell, it isn't zero-UI).
A better idea is to minimise the UI, not bring it to zero. This has the
disadvantage of making encrypted email less used, thus making encrypted
traffic more of a target, but false security is worse than no security.
I am writing m-o-o-t, which runs on a bootable CD and doesn't use Windows
(OpenBSD based, same CD runs on PC's and Macs). You can only email another
m-o-o-t user, though m-o-o-t does more than email.
The email package is part of the system, and it doesn't allow even the
stupidest or most intelligent user on either end to do anything insecure,
within reason. It is transparent to the user except when needed, eg writing
to a new correspondent (verify public keys) storing files (level of
protection) or setting up (there are some things a new user must know).
m-o-o-t will use something similar to Pete's message-keys-stored-on-a-server
suggestion (actually DH keyparts), with the addition that the keyparts are
signed. The 175-bit public signing key is included with every message, no
long PGP strings, and I'm trying to convert the key to ascii art to make it
more easily recognisable. Two shared keys are automatically and
transparently set up for later communications, and the address book is
updated. The shared keys are updated with each message.
On a side note, there is no choice of cypher or protocol. The multiple
cyphers and protocols used by PGP and GPG are the main cause of this thread!
If encryption software writers can't decide which cypher to use they
shouldn't be writing encryption software.
As m-o-o-t is mainly designed for GAK resistance, all persistant keys
(except some locally-used SFS keys) are used only for signatures. The use of
persistant keys for encryption in both PGP and GPG make them unsuitable for
GAK resistance, and if you haven't got GAK yet, you might get it someday,
making all your present traffic insecure.

@_date: 2002-01-23 17:59:15
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: I-P: WHY I LOVE BIOMETRICS BY DOROTHY E. DENNING 
R. A. Hettinga quoted Dorothy Denning:
A thin contact lens with a fake iris would have "hippus movement",
n'est-ce-pas? At least, it would "shift" like an ordinary eye. Is the
"pulse" perhaps a waxing and waning? Even then, if you were prepared to be
really gross, you could surgically stick a flexible fake iris over a real
one (under the cornea), or transplant an iris or even an eye temporarily and
connect the blood vessels etc...  Whose liveness are we determining?
Their other argument is that a contact lens wouldn't work as an imposter
because it shifts around every time you blink - so don't blink for a few
seconds, that's all the time it takes to gain access. Or move your head when
you blink so the camera looses track. Or use superglue...   Besides, large
well-fitted contact lenses hardly move at all.
I googled "hippus movement", and only got 3 hits, all (rehashed) Iridian
press, including the above-mentioned from Dorothy Denning who should know
better. Also, from The British Journal of Opthalmology:
"Search Criteria: Anywhere in Article: "hippus movement" In Journals: Br. J.
Ophthalmol. Your search retrieved zero articles." (from 1965 to 2001).
Spin? Snake oil?

@_date: 2002-03-12 13:09:07
@_author: Peter Fairbrother 
@_subject: Optical Time-Domain Eavesdropping Risks of CRT Displays 
I've snipped the abstract, because it's dry as ditchwater. I can only
recommend you read this, or at least look at the pictures, if you haven't
Wow. Makes Tempest look like a toy. Nice (?) one, Markus.
