
@_date: 2015-12-31 13:50:00
@_author: Peter Capek 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 6600 memory size (was: cryptography Digest, Vol 32, 
Story from years back:  The CDC 6600 - the supercomputer of the early
It's not very important, but this recounting is quite wrong, and I'd like
to correct it before it propagates.  I was a system programmer on this
machine for about its first 5 years and knew it well.  The machine had the
maximum size memory, 128K, which we often thought of in decimal terms,
131,072 words, or 131K.   It could not have had more, primarily for reasons
of physical packaging.   The memory was packaged on the same chasses as the
logic, and those chasses had little room to spare.   The CPU's core memory
took up more than a quarter of the space in in the machine, and for reasons
of cable length limits and physical access, it had to be in one frame.   It
is true that the NYU machine was serial  - one of about 11 machines built
in Chippewa Falls - and unable to support ECS, extended core.   There's
absolutely no truth to the comments about memory size limitation patches to
the operating system.  There was, though, a 64K version of the machine
available, but if (my!) memory serves, only for later machines not built in
Chippewa, but rather, built in a Minneapolis suburb.  It's maybe also worth
saying that it was a mid-60s machine, rather than early 70s; the NYU
machine was installed in June of 1965.
            Peter Capek

@_date: 2017-05-19 13:31:44
@_author: Peter Capek 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Password rules and salt 
Recent comments by Jerry Leichter and Ray Dillinger about the length of the
salt used to
hash passwords brings to mind a suggestion made years ago by a colleague,
perhaps in jest.
We were talking about the insanity and inanity of password rules and the
difficulty of generating
good passwords in the presence of arbitrary and site-specific rules for
what is a valid password.
He suggested that instead, any string is valid as a password, as long as it
has never been used before
as a password by anyone.   Aside from the cost of implementing and using a
database to enforce this
rule, it seems to me to be sort of pleasing notion.  It would be best to
keep the DB secret, of course,
just to prevent it, and especially recent entries to it, from becoming
fodder for dictionary attacks.
           Peter Capek
