
@_date: 2019-07-18 20:40:40
@_author: Peyman Razaghi 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Our leader opines on cryptocurrencies 
Libra is way more than a Disney money for web IMO. Libra?s reserve takes
USD OUT of circulation, and (if they are honest) parks it away from
economic activity involving any type of risk.
I think of their stablecoin approach ias a proof of burn protocol that will
gradually brick USD as a form of payment. The massive global network of
Libra means that comparing 100 Libras to 100 USD will be analogous to
comparing a $100 bill to 10,000 pennies (the connection being that it?s a
lot easier to move a $100 bill around relative to 10,000 pennies).
So, Libra is indeed a massive threat to USD as the dominant currency of the
world. Right now, USD is the easiest currency to move around the world,
accepted almost anywhere at face value with the best exchange rates. Libra
is a massive threat to this status, and also remember that it is backed not
just by USD but a combination of currencies, which gives it even more
transactional power.
Aside from politics but related, the technical problem to me is their use
of BFT in an association with closed membership. Nash equilibrium for human
groups is the two party system, until then, smaller viewpoints keep
aligning with one of the top two parties.
Now, what happens when Libra has its Bitcoin/BTC fork moment?  Since Libra
BFT requires 2/3rd majority, it means the Libra blockchain will essentially
HALT sometime in the future when they have a sizable internal conflict,
with people?s money stuck in their reserve.   Such conflicts are very easy
to surface if you look at the history of any standardization process, being
BlueRay vs DVD, or more relevant here, small blockers vs large blockers ...

@_date: 2019-05-09 19:08:59
@_author: Peyman Razaghi 
@_subject: [Cryptography] peering through NAT 
Look up ICE protocol, and STUN/TURN servers.
NATs behave differently. The simplest/common version works on port mapping.
Say A is inside and wants to establish a session to B outside. NAT router
uses two ports x and y, x for talking to A on local network and y to talk
to B on internet IP. Normally, NAT will forward any packet received on y on
global ip to port x on local ip.
So if you know y and NAT ip, you can talk to A from the outside world.  The
problem is some NAT firewalls insist that the ip of a connection asking for
port y must respond to a request initiated first from NAT itself.
ICE and STUN/TURN servers try a series of NAT piercing tricks/hacks to pass
through the NAT router. It often works, with a last resort option of having
a relay server sitting in between peers.
I dont know how Bitcoin Core works exactly however.
