
@_date: 2001-09-27 10:37:23
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: collecting an Enigma? [was:  Antiques man guilty of Enigma 
I know that many versions of the Enigma were sold commercially.
They were not rare, at least some of the versions that Hadmut
Since I worked professionally writing software ciphers, I have
thought over the years that owning an Enigma sample would be cool.
Assuming that private collectors can own one, and that the price
is less than that of a small house. Sort of like buying one
of the Beatles' guitars.
Does anyone know if there is a legal collector's market for Enigma Pat Farrell                     pfarrell at pfarrell.com

@_date: 2002-03-20 22:24:03
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: crypto question 
I don't believe so, but maybe someone else on the list has a better answer.
Secret splitting will clearly make it harder for Mallet to gather the key.
In the past Atalla (later Compaq, now HP) and Harris sold hardware boxes that
kept keys in tamper proof boxes. They worked because opening the box lost the
key. Banks used them heavily in the late 1990s.
The usual good solution is to make a human type in a secret.
The usual bad solution is to store it in a secret place, or encrypted with
a key kept elsewhere (source, secret file, LDAP, etc.)
The old CyberCash wallet, which used strong RSA keys, used simple 56bit DES
to protect the private key on the local PC's hard disk. The thinking was
that user won't use more entropy in their keys to really justify 3DES,
and once one has physical access to the computer and hard drive, there
are simpler attacks than breaking the crypto on the key: keystroke sniffers being
one obvious example.
I'd also love to hear of real solutions to protecting a key stored on local disk
Pat Farrell                     pfarrell at pfarrell.com

@_date: 2002-03-21 20:04:19
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: crypto question  
as most operations don't want to wait for a human to type something.
As long as folks understand that they can't really have security,
then it is just an engineering tradeoff.
Several folks also wrote about using a SBO approach:
To me, Security By Obscurity is known to be too weak to use,
and Security By Obfuscation is isomorphic to SBObscurity.
Consider the obfuscation with a strong cipher. Then all you have to
do is manage the keys.
One guiding principal of strong cryptography is that the algorithm,
and source code is well known. The key is what is unknown.
Other approaches tend to approach snake oil
The problem with the DRM model is not that the crypto won't work,
it will if the keys are managed. But I've not seen anyone willing
to work hard enough to manage the key distribution and local key
management to make it real.
None of this addresses the problem that you want to do trusted operations
on a user's PC that is inherently untrustable. For some applications,
eyewash such as smartcards provide the needed level of appearence
of security. If that fits your case, fine. And Carl Ellison has
a great patent for a software-only smartcard, it was transfered to CyberCash,
and I assume transfered to Verisign. It proves that anything you want to do with a smartcard you can do with software in a client/server
model. Pretty cool.
Pat Farrell                     pfarrell at pfarrell.com

@_date: 2002-03-28 18:16:33
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: authentication protocols 
You want to look at the work of Carl Ellison and folks on SPKI
It allows one party to authenticate the second. If that fits your case,
and it fits a lot, then you are done. No CA needed.
The SPKI stuff is at Pat Farrell                     pfarrell at pfarrell.com

@_date: 2003-04-21 18:24:59
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: DRM technology and policy 
I've never seen requirements by committee work.
And I'm not sure that this list is the right place for such
a conversation that will become full of nitpicking.
There have been DRMs commercially released.
CyberCash had a DRM built into its CyberCoin
product. It kept the "goods" enciphered until
payment was made. Used all the usual tools,
DES, RSA, etc. The protocol is a published RFC,
and the patent is public knowledge.
A large part of the effort is agreeing on bounds.
Everyone has to using loaded terms like "perfect DRM"
and use the engineering that security professionals
use. Make the cost of attack significantly higher than
the cost of good protected.
There are no absolutes in this business. So stop
pretending otherwise, it confuses the discussions.
I don't know about these ramblings, but I sure expected
to get paid by CyberCash when I worked there. I don't think
we need to argue whether there is such a think as goods that
deserve to be paid for ...   I think musicians should be able
to make a buck... and software dudes too....
There were lots of reasons that CyberCash the company
and CyberCoin the product failed. I submit that technology
was not high on the list.
The DiVx that Circuit City tried to use for DVDs had a real world
DRM. It also failed. There are lots of other examples.
Pat Farrell                     pfarrell at pfarrell.com

@_date: 2003-12-16 00:19:55
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Difference between TCPA-Hardware and a smart card (was: 
A software only, networked smart card would solve the
chicken and egg problem. One such solution is
Tamper resistant method and apparatus, [Ellison], USPTO 6,073,237
(Do a patent number search at Carl invented this as an alternative to Smartcards back in the SET
development days.
Pat Farrell                     pfarrell at pfarrell.com

@_date: 2003-06-13 17:35:17
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Keyservers and Spam 
I may have missed it, but I thought that the web-o-trust model of PGP has
generally been dismissed by the crypto community
precisely because trust is not transitive.
Similarly, the tree structured, hierarchical trust model has failed,
we currently have a one level, not very trusted model with Verisign
or Thawte or yourself at the top.
I know from discussions with some of the SPKI folks that encouraging
self defined trust trees was one of the goals.
Of course, if the size of the tree is small enough, you can just
use shared secrets.
Pat Farrell                     pfarrell at pfarrell.com

@_date: 2003-06-16 11:00:09
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Sessions 
It matters because IP addresses are now longer
assigned to computers. Up until the mid-to-late 90s,
your approach would have "worked" although
it would not have been very secure. Perhaps it would
have helped some, as you suggest.
This is your logical error. IP spoofing is not difficult and it is
not rare. It is a constant part of any NAT (network address translation)
system. It is used everywhere by proxies. You may have
hundreds or even thousands of individual computers
masked behind a proxy, all with the same IP address.
The second problem is that many ISPs, especially AOL,
change the IP address during a session. We learned
this the hard way back in 97 at CyberCash, when we
tried the same idea.
The solution is not very hard, set a cookie with a strongly created
nonce, use that to index into the table of valid sessions. At least
it is easy until you want to scale it to many servers.
Pat Farrell                     pfarrell at pfarrell.com

@_date: 2005-12-02 12:53:03
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Proving the randomness of a random number generator? 
Cryptographic randomness? None.
Any one who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits
is, of course, in a state of sin.
        John von Neumann, 1951, quoted by Knuth
Depending on the language you are using, it is as simple as calling
the appropriate random number generator.
Of have someone read Knuth's Art of Computer Programming
for background on it.

@_date: 2005-07-14 09:56:16
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: the limits of crypto and authentication 
As I recall, the goal of SET was to have a standard
that was not invented by CyberCash. (I may be biased, I
worked at CyberCash at the time).
Both SET and the CyberCash protocols did not allow the
merchant to have access to the purchasers's PAN/expry.
Everyone back then knew that since the PAN was considered
a secret, you couldn't be casual about passing it around. And merchant fraud was a much more realistic
problem that capturing data on the fly.
CyberCash was forced to change the system to allow
the merchant to have access to the PAN so that
merchants could back out transactions for returns
or defects. The change was made in the field by
a support engineer before the security folks in engineering had a chance to have a fit. I don't
remember why we accepted such a bad practice.
In all the discussion here, the thing that
strikes me is that we need to stop using secrets
as proof of anything. Seems that Chaum's
credentials without identities are a much better
approach, and I'd guess that his patents
are long expired.

@_date: 2005-07-14 11:59:36
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: the limits of crypto and authentication 
CyberCash protocols were defined in RFCs. The RFCs
are probably still out there, altho no longer in use.
The other two protocols were defensive against CyberCash
and it looked like there would be three non-interoperative
protocol suites. The invention of SET was a marriage of
convience. CyberCash had 15000 merchants, it isn't important now,
but I'd love to know the number of non-pilot SET merchants
in the wild.
I was the project manager for CyberCash's project implement
SET as a joint venture with Netscape, Toshiba and Visa.
And I wrote the crypto code.
At one of the early SET committee meetings, someone from
CyberCash proposed that SET simply use the RFC'd protocols.
I expect that the offer was not made with proper political
As others have said, and in the spirit of the subject
of this thread, SET failed for many reasons, many
of them economic. There was little effort made
to bribe the merchants, I think there was talk of
a 26 basis point change in the discount rate,
which the banks thought was huge and the merchants
thought was noise. What really killed it
was the billions it would have cost all
the banks to issue and manage all the
The crypto in SET was fine. The use of
certificates was excessive but in line with
PKI thinking of the time.
The problem was that it was a very expensive sledge hammer
to kill a flea.
In retrospect, there was over reliance on crypto and
confusion of identity and authentication
contributed, but others were making the same
We just have to be smarter now, nearly a decade later.
Crypto has to solve business problems that masses of
real people have.

@_date: 2005-06-27 13:32:33
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: WYTM - "but what if it was true?" 
This is just a minor variation of an approach I heard from
Carl Ellison a decade or more ago:
"the only secure computer is turned off, unplugged,
inside a SCIF and surrounded by US Marines."
[a SCIF is a Secure Compartmentalized Information Facility,
used by the US Government folks]
I think we tend to accept a bit more gray
in the security versus usefullness grayscale.

@_date: 2005-09-07 18:08:25
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Is there any future for smartcards? 
This is a tiny bit off pure crypto, but I've been watching and working
around smartcards for 20 years, and I think they've been around longer,
maybe even a decade longer. I'm posting this to Perry's list, rather
than cross posting, mostly because I hate crossposting
 Nearly ten years ago, when I was at Cybercash, we worked with Mondex and
other smartcard vendors who also said "as soon as we have infrastructure"
Something tells me that soon is not gonna happen in what I would
call soon. Smartcards (the smart part) were moderately interesting
when there was no networking. We've been at ubiquitous networking
for many years.
While he was at Cybercash, Ellison was awarded US Patent 6,073,237
"Tamper resistant method and apparatus" which is precisely
a network based, software only smartcard.
practical problem to solve.'
Is there a real problem that they uniquely solve, sufficient
to drive the building of the needed infrastructure?
I don't see it, and I'd love to be made smarter.

@_date: 2008-02-10 17:40:19
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Toshiba shows 2Mbps hardware RNG 
One of the benefits of speed is that you can use cleanup code to control bias. Carl Ellison put some out on his website last century.

@_date: 2008-07-02 11:56:44
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
Isn't this true in general about nearly all security or cryptography?
At CyberCash, where we had real RSA/DES in the system, we found that
"users want convenience, not security"
We built a paypal equivalent on top of our real security. Paypal made it
look like they had security, but were convenient.
Which company was sold for over a Billion? and which went bankrupt?
Most "attacks" are more social engineering than breaking crypto.

@_date: 2008-07-02 20:08:46
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Strength in Complexity? 
I don't think we are disagreeing much, but the essence of the CyberCash
law is that user's only focus is on convenience. If you give them a
choice, any and all bumps in the road to ease of use cause rejection.
I'm not trying to argue that 12+ years ago we had great usability. The
world's expectations have evolved a lot since then. But we put a lot of
engineering into usability. And it was not enough.
I believe that its not "users will accept some glitches to get security"
Rather, users only care about usability/convenience. It has to be
trivial to use first. Cite Twitter, blogs, etc.
The key message to take away is that when we pros design systems, at
least for mass markets, the users will tolerate nothing except convenience.

@_date: 2010-07-27 12:09:07
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: A mighty fortress is our PKI 
In that same time, I was at CyberCash, we invented what "is now
sometimes called "electronic commerce". " and that and $5 will get
you a cup of coffee. We predated SSL by a few years. Used RSA768 to
protect DES sessions, etc. Usual stuff.
One complaint that we got a lot was that we did not use certs or
CAs. CyberCash was the only trusted source.
Most of which we avoided by skipping the cert concept. Still, better
technology has nothing to do with business success.
Public Key Crypto with out all the cruft of PKI. Its still a good

@_date: 2010-07-28 23:52:56
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: A mighty fortress is our PKI, Part II 
While I'm quoting Steve, his comment really drives me to a bigger break.
I'd like to build on this and make a more fundamental change. The
concept of a revocation cert/message was based on the standard practices
for things like stolen credit cards in the early 1990s. At the time, the
credit card companies published telephone book sized listings of stolen
and canceled credit cards. Merchant's had the choice of looking up each
card, or accepting a potential for loss.
A lot of the smart card development in the mid-90s and beyond was based
on the idea that the smart card, in itself, was the sole authorization
How about we posit that there is networking everywhere? People carry
"cell phones" that are serious computers and are connected to serious
When was the last time you used a paper Yellow Pages?
How about thinking of a solution that addresses 98% of all transactions
for 98% of all people in the places where 98% of business is done. At
some point, the perfect is the enemy of the good. If you have a selling
hut in the middle of nowhere, well, you probably don't have a lot of
computer power either. So calculating to do an RSA signature is out of
the question anyway.
A risk based approach would have an algorithm that looks at the value of
the transaction. Buying a meal at a fast food place is not worth a lot
of effort, so the definition of "shortly after" can be a second or so.
Buying new 3D TV can have a longer time, with the time allowance, and
expected/acceptable response time, perhaps time for automated actuarial
analysis. When you are signing a contract to buy a house, you can take a
day to verify that everything is proper.
We have fast computers and ubiquitous networking. Why are we still
thinking about systems based on 3 inch think paper books?
We seem to be solving a problem that no longer exists when you look at
it from first principals.

@_date: 2013-10-21 21:13:36
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Death Note" elimination for hashes 
It is only important for folks on this list and a tiny percentage of the world's users.
We learned this the hard way at CyberCash in the 90s. We used RSA and DES and serious protocols. Paypal was convenient. Their security was a joke. CyberCash folded before the dot.boom. Paypal made billionaires out of its founders. Which led to the security team
coining a rule: Consumers want convenients, not security.

@_date: 2013-09-18 14:21:25
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: [Cryptography] An NSA mathematician shares his 
The enterprise bridge control center certainly does not seem to be Hayden's style either. Hayden is not the type to build a showboat like that.
Moving abit OT:
On the PBS Newshour coverage of this story, the showed the website of DBI Architects who designed the facility and it listed the other design firms. One of them was "KTA Group" my brother John was the signing engineer at KTA at that time. He says the design and construction was done at least ten years ago. It was not a secret facility, but access was restricted. Even though he signed and stamped all the design drawings for the HVAC, plumbing and electrical work, he was never allowed on site. So if you could find the design drawings for that facility (which is about 5 stories and all underground at Ft Belvoir (just across the river from Washington DC0)) you would see John Farrell's signature and stamp.
The usual point of a "showboat" facility like that is to impress the Congressmen who visit so the budget can get bigger.
