
@_date: 2001-04-24 11:00:01
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: [SC] SWIFT (fwd) 
Sent: 18 April 2001 11:37
           Smart Card News Ltd - Daily News On-Line
            Website | Search our News Archives! | E-mail Us!
      Wednesday 18 April 2001
      SWIFT Selects Datakey's PKI Smart Card Technology
      SWIFT, a leader in secure global financial messaging, has selected
Datakey's PKI Smart Card technology to bundle with its SWIFTAlliance
WebStation product.
      SWIFT delivers secure messaging services to over 7,000 financial
organisations in 192 countries.
      The SWIFTAlliance WebStation is SWIFT's strategic interface platform
targeted at supporting communications over SWIFTNet its new private IP
infrastructure that enables interactive messaging, interactive file
transfer and information browsing in a fully managed and secure
      Datakey Smart Cards, readers and interface software were selected
for the SWIFTAlliance WebStation to provide cryptographic and portable
security for digital credentials used to authenticate and verify the
identities of financial institutions and customers communicating over
      Web site:       or
      Web site:       *
Headline only seen on financial DNA post:
"SWIFT Standardizes on Datakey's PKI Smart Card Technology for Its
SWIFTAlliance WebStation"

@_date: 2001-08-06 17:14:43
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: DMCA and circumvention discussion at Higher Ed. Chronicle 
The August 10, 2001, Chronicle of Higher Education has an interesting
article on the circumvention issue of the DMCA:
   and also an online forum for discussing these issues:

@_date: 2001-08-09 20:35:47
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: chip fabs gearing up for AES 
spotted this article at EE-Times:
Encryption cores ramp for pervasive security
By Patrick Mannion
EE Times
(08/09/01, 6:36 p.m. EST)
MANHASSET, N.Y.
while looking at another article (as noted in Slashdot) in the same issue
about Rice Univ. undergrad Adam Stubblefield breaking WEP while interning
at AT&T Labs.
AES in the chips:
couple of quotes:
With subtle distinctions, intellectual-property (IP) core vendors are
readying implementations of the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)
security algorithm.
The vendors, established and startup, are banking on applications from
miniature wireless devices to massively parallel Web servers to support
the rapid and pervasive deployment of encryption-enabled devices and
The plethora of available AES solutions "is not particularly surprising,"
said Duncan Kitchin, product architect in the wireless LAN operation at
Intel Corp. (Hillsboro, Ore.). "After all, the whole point of choosing AES
was that it was pretty efficient in software, and easily implementable in
hardware," he said. "It's perfectly possible - it's just a matter of doing
AES - which uses the Rijndael algorithm - was chosen by the National
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to replace the highly popular
but less-efficient data encryption standard (DES). It's the efficiency of
AES and its stronger encryption overall that makes it attractive across a
wide swath of applications.
the other article - Adam Stubblefield breaks WEP:

@_date: 2001-08-18 09:25:57
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: RFC 3156 on MIME Security with OpenPGP (fwd) 
A new Request for Comments is now available in online RFC libraries.
        RFC 3156
        Title:	    MIME Security with OpenPGP
        Author(s):  M. Elkins, D. Del Torto, R. Levien, T. Roessler
        Status:     Standards Track
        Mailbox:    ddt at cryptorights.org, raph at acm.org,
                    roessler at does-not-exist.org
        Pages:      15
        Characters: 26809
        Updates:    RFC 2015
        I-D Tag:    draft-ietf-openpgp-mime-08.txt
        URL:        ftp://ftp.rfc-editor.org/in-notes/rfc3156.txt
This document describes how the OpenPGP Message Format can be
used to provide privacy and authentication using the Multipurpose
Internet Mail Extensions (MIME) security content types described in
RFC 1847.
This document is a product of the An Open Specification for Pretty
Good Privacy Working Group of the IETF.
This is now a Proposed Standard Protocol.
This document specifies an Internet standards track protocol for
the Internet community, and requests discussion and suggestions
for improvements.  Please refer to the current edition of the
"Internet Official Protocol Standards" (STD 1) for the
standardization state and status of this protocol.  Distribution
of this memo is unlimited.
This announcement is sent to the IETF list and the RFC-DIST list.
Requests to be added to or deleted from the IETF distribution list
should be sent to IETF-REQUEST at IETF.ORG.  Requests to be
added to or deleted from the RFC-DIST distribution list should
be sent to RFC-DIST-REQUEST at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.
Details on obtaining RFCs via FTP or EMAIL may be obtained by sending
an EMAIL message to rfc-info at RFC-EDITOR.ORG with the message body
help: ways_to_get_rfcs.  For example:
        To: rfc-info at RFC-EDITOR.ORG
        Subject: getting rfcs
        help: ways_to_get_rfcs
Requests for special distribution should be addressed to either the
author of the RFC in question, or to RFC-Manager at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.  Unless
specifically noted otherwise on the RFC itself, all RFCs are for
unlimited distribution.echo
Submissions for Requests for Comments should be sent to
RFC-EDITOR at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.  Please consult RFC 2223, Instructions to RFC
Authors, for further information.
Joyce K. Reynolds and Sandy Ginoza
USC/Information Sciences Institute
Below is the data which will enable a MIME compliant Mail Reader
implementation to automatically retrieve the ASCII version
of the RFCs.

@_date: 2001-08-21 11:26:03
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: A year late and a dollar short? (was FC: U.S. governmentpatents 
not .mil per se, but US federal, anyway, S/MIME free software license:
Google 'getronics' and 's/mime' for more.

@_date: 2001-08-24 14:56:30
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: RFC 3163 on ISO/IEC 9798-3 Authentication SASL Mechanism (fwd) 
for those not on RFC-Dist or IETF mailing lists:
---------- Forwarded message ----------
A new Request for Comments is now available in online RFC libraries.
       RFC 3163
        Title:	    ISO/IEC 9798-3 Authentication SASL Mechanism
        Author(s):  R. Zuccherato, M. Nystrom
        Status:     Experimental
        Mailbox:    robert.zuccherato at entrust.com,
                    magnus at rsasecurity.com
        Pages:      17
        Characters: 32498
        Obsoletes/Updates/SeeAlso:    None
        I-D Tag:    draft-zuccherato-9798-3-sasl-03.txt
        URL:        ftp://ftp.rfc-editor.org/in-notes/rfc3163.txt
This document defines a SASL (Simple Authentication and Security
Layer) authentication mechanism based on ISO/IEC 9798-3 and FIPS PUB
196 entity authentication.
This memo defines an Experimental Protocol for the Internet community.
It does not specify an Internet standard of any kind.  Discussion and
suggestions for improvement are requested.  Distribution of this memo
is unlimited.
This announcement is sent to the IETF list and the RFC-DIST list.
Requests to be added to or deleted from the IETF distribution list
should be sent to IETF-REQUEST at IETF.ORG.  Requests to be
added to or deleted from the RFC-DIST distribution list should
be sent to RFC-DIST-REQUEST at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.
Details on obtaining RFCs via FTP or EMAIL may be obtained by sending
an EMAIL message to rfc-info at RFC-EDITOR.ORG with the message body
help: ways_to_get_rfcs.  For example:
        To: rfc-info at RFC-EDITOR.ORG
        Subject: getting rfcs
        help: ways_to_get_rfcs
Requests for special distribution should be addressed to either the
author of the RFC in question, or to RFC-Manager at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.  Unless
specifically noted otherwise on the RFC itself, all RFCs are for
unlimited distribution.echo
Submissions for Requests for Comments should be sent to
RFC-EDITOR at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.  Please consult RFC 2223, Instructions to RFC
Authors, for further information.
Joyce K. Reynolds and Sandy Ginoza
USC/Information Sciences Institute
Below is the data which will enable a MIME compliant Mail Reader
implementation to automatically retrieve the ASCII version
of the RFCs.

@_date: 2001-12-11 10:25:09
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: [SC] ePSO-N 09 (fwd) 
The latest issue (Number 10) of the Electronic Payment Systems Observatory
- Newsletter (ePSO-N) deals with authentication.
The enclosed table of contents was mailed to the 'smartcards' mailing
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: smartcards at intertrader.com
Dear list,
again we send the contents page of the ePSO-Newsletter.
The focus of ePSO-N 10 is on authentication,
but also other articles might be of interest. In this issue we also
announce the final ePSO Conference.
Knud Boehle
ELECTRONIC PAYMENT SYSTEMS OBSERVATORY-NEWSLETTER
ePSO-Newsletter - No 10 - November 2001
OVERVIEW of ePSO-N 10
Editorial: Authentication, Privacy and Regulation
Simon Lelieveldt (simonl at wxs.nl), Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and Arnd Weber
(arnd.weber at itas.fzk.de), ITAS, Karlsruhe, Germany
This issue focuses on authentication and privacy. The development of credit
card charge backs is addressed, these being a major driving force for
proposals such as 3D Secure (Verified by Visa), SPA/UCAF, and pseudo card
numbers. The pros and cons of these technical solutions are reviewed.
Furthermore, this issue addresses the achievability of unobservable
purchases and payments on networks. In addition there are comments on the
demise of Flooz and Beenz, there is a review of the new "Blue Book" of the
European Central Bank, and the ePSO Conference taking place in Brussels on
February 19, 2002 is announced.
Guaranteed Transactions, the Quest for the 'Holy Grail'
Oliver Steeley (oliver.steeley at consult.hyperion.co.uk), Consult Hyperion,
Guildford, United Kingdom
In a change to their previous strategy of collaboration, Visa and MasterCard
have recently announced their own separate initiatives with regards to
securing Internet transactions. 3D Secure and SPA/UCAF are variations on a
theme of passing the cardholder back to their card-issuer to authenticate
themselves before the merchant seeks an authorisation. This is one more step
in a long and arduous journey, which shows no signs of coming to a speedy
Interview: Largest German Credit Card Issuer on Massive Reduction of Charge
Ulrich Riehm (ulrich.riehm at itas.fzk.de) and Arnd Weber
(arnd.weber at itas.fzk.de), ITAS, Karlsruhe, Germany, talk to Tilo Sch?rer
(tilo.schuerer at bankgesellschaft.de), Bankgesellschaft Berlin, Germany
Tilo Sch?rer is responsible for product management in the field of
electronic business at Bankgesellschaft Berlin, Germany's largest credit
card issuer. Sch?rer points out that the charge back problem in the Internet
business has massively lost importance during recent years. The decisive
measure was not improved technology but economic penalties imposed by the
credit card organisations. In the interview, there is also a discussion of
the viability of new authentication measures (e.g. 3D-Secure or SPA/UCAF).
Sch?rer subsumes that charge back figures are currently so low that the
banks could theoretically announce zero liability, at least once a new user
of the Internet has registered for a new authentication process.
Hi-tech Payment Technologies in Russia: The Case of Paycash
Victor Dostov (vd at paycash.ru), Paycash Group, St. Petersburg, Russia
Paycash is a Russian-born Internet payment system based on digital cash.
With Paycash, an account can be opened pseudonymously on the Internet. The
payments are untraceable, though payments of a single "Paybook" can be
linked. In Russia, 200 shops are connected, and more than 400 transactions
per day are processed. The company is expanding its business to abroad.
JAP: A Cloak of Invisibility on the Internet
Hannes Federrath (Federrath at inf.tu-dresden.de), Dresden University of
Technology, Germany/privacy/electronic commerce/JAP is an Internet service
designed to enable the unobservable use of the world wide web. In the
future, JAP could also be used for anonymous shopping or banking.
Invisibility is achieved by communication not taking place directly with the
web server, but by detour through a so called mix proxy cascade.
[10&6] Failure of Beenz and Flooz Indicates the End of Digital
Hugo Godschalk (hgodschalk at paysys.de), PaySys Consultancy, Frankfurt,
Germany/electronic money/InternetThe article provides an overview of the
business of Beenz and Flooz, which started as micropayment solutions, and
blurred the line between incentive points and currencies. Saying the end of
these pioneers indicates the failure of private currencies would be a rash
conclusion and rather wishful thinking of players within the traditional
payment industry (central banks included).
ePSO Final Conference on Consumer Online Payments: Trends and Challenges for
Ioannis Maghiros (ioannis.maghiros at jrc.es), IPTS, Seville, Spain
project deliverables, a one day conference entitled "ePSO Final Conference
on Consumer Online Payments: Trends and Challenges for Europe", will be held
in Brussels on February 19, 2002. The conference will: (a) set the stage for
state-of-the-art e-payment systems presentations; (b) allow actors to
exchange views on existing trends and future developments, and (c) reinforce
and extend the interaction links established by ePSO during its operation.
Meet the Heavyweight of Payment System Statistics: ECB's 'Blue Book'
Leo Van Hove (Leo.Van.Hove at vub.ac.be), Free University of Brussels, Belgium
Not counting the yearly statistical addenda, the previous edition of
"Payment and Securities Settlement Systems in the European Union" dated back
from 1996. In the meantime advances in technology have had a profound effect
on payment systems. It was therefore a timely decision of the European
Central Bank to publish an update of its 'Blue Book'. An overview and some
personal observations are provided.
[10&9] Masthead
Electronic Payment Systems Observatory-Newsletter
ePSO-Newsletter - 2001 - No 10 - November 2001
The Electronic Payment Systems Observatory-Newsletter (ePSO-N) is an
activity within the "electronic Payment Systems Observatory" (ePSO) project
of the Institute for Prospective Technological Studies (IPTS), one of the
eight institutes of DG Joint Research Center.
The Institute for Technology Assessment and Systems Analysis (ITAS) of
Karlsruhe Research Centre edits this newsletter.
Michael Rader
co-ordinating editor
rader at itas.fzk.de
Yannis Maghiros
ePSO project leader
ioannis.maghiros at jrc.es
For subscription you may go directly to
Complete Masthead:

@_date: 2001-12-18 08:20:06
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: Washington Post article on US National ID cards 
The Washington Post has an article related to national (US) ID cards:
 Bruce Schneier also has an article on this subject in the latest
_Cryptogram Newsletter_ as well as links to other related resources:
 Washington Post article:
a couple of quotes from the article:

@_date: 2001-12-21 15:42:30
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: Stegdetect 0.4 released and results from USENET search available 
< . . . . >
I always assumed newsgroups, like alt.images.binary.*, but perhaps
websites that allow users to upload pictures are the preferred channels.
Of course there is a big distiction between (intentionally) leaving
something around for Niels to find and really trying to hide something....

@_date: 2001-06-11 15:01:50
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: Sarah Flannery book 
saw this in the bookstore this weekend:
In Code: A Mathematical Journey
by Sarah Flannery, David Flannery (Contributor)
List Price: $24.95
Hardcover - 384 pages (May 1, 2001)
Workman Publishing Company;
ISBN: 0761123849
quoted from amazon.com:
Book Description
In January 1999, Sarah Flannery, a sports-loving teenager from Blarney in
County Cork, Ireland was awarded Ireland's Young Scientist of the Year for
her extraordinary research and discoveries in Internet cryptography.
< . . . . >
A memoir in mathematics, it is all about how a girl next door, nurtured by
her family, moved from the simple math puzzles that were the staple of
dinnertime conversation to prime numbers, the Sieve of Eratosthenes,
Fermat's Little Theorem, Googols- and finally into her breathtaking
algorithm. Parallel with each step is a modest girl's own self-discovery
- her values, her burning curiosity, the joy of persistence, and, above
all, her love for her family.

@_date: 2001-06-24 16:06:11
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: crypto flaw in secure mail standards 
The laws I have seen are not specific enough to deal with what gets
included in a digitally signed message.  These laws define 'digital
signature' and in some cases invoke so-called trusted third parties to
issues certs, etc., but I haven't seen a law yet with the level of
detail that would require date/time, subject, to, from, etc., in a mail
message.  Most of the laws define something as being digitally signed in
general terms of public key crypto, as for example the Florida (US) law:
(from section 668.003, Florida Statutes)
As others have pointed out, 'non-repudiation' is not a legal concept.
As a practical matter, if one were potentially damaged by an attack of
this type, one could argue that such a message could be resent, absent the
original context.  This could be demonstrated, experts could testify, etc.
It appears to be a problem in the protocols, but I don't see it as being a
legal problem, esp. in light of the fact that there is no such thing as
'non-repudiation' in the real world.
Seems like another good reason to use a time-stamper like the one at:

@_date: 2001-11-02 14:44:49
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: Rubber hose attack 
I agree about the intersting to watch part - it should be a hoot.
I read a statistic a few years ago about the percentage of users of
Internet Explorer and Netscape browsers who had never changed the default
start page for the browser.  I forget what the percentage was, but it
struck me at the time as being quite high, like a third or more.  The
percentage may be higher now, a few years later, as access to the internet
permeates into a broader and less technically sophisticated demographic.
There is probably a significant percentage of users who will never learn
how to tweak the software tools that come with their new pcs, and they
won't even make the most rudimentary changes to the software behavior that
most of the users of this list would consider minimal customization.
It's for reasons like this that Microsoft and OEMs battle over getting
icons to come up on the screens of new pcs.
The default settings will be the permanent settings for many users, and if
it is easier to buy something through a .Net affiliate than to shop
around, then the .Net sites will get a certain percentage of users just by
'default'.  They won't get all, certainly, but they will get some just
because of the path of least resistance.
Same business practice with file format associations, preferred search
engines, pre-installed bookmarks, pre-loaded certificates, and so forth.
Passport is just part of the control/monopoly-enforcement package.
Ob crypto, I had a client who had a terrible time with public users not
having browsers with 128-bit crypto available to access the site - lots of
complaints, help desk calls, increased support staff hours, executive
management bitching about the network staff not helping the customers.
That's why it is important to make sure that the minimum spec is good
enough in a lot of applications, because lots of users will never learn
how to turn on the optional features and they will resent having to do it,

@_date: 2001-11-27 19:52:57
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: key logger (FBI or otherwise) 
It seems to me that something like Integrity Master from Stiller Research
( would detect the installation of the FBI (or
other) logger.  This type of anti-virus software notes changes to files,
and alerts the user if a file changes (or is added to the system), as
opposed to signature-based anti-virus software that looks for a virus's

@_date: 2001-10-05 17:51:14
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: Passport Passwords Stored in Plaintext 
The original proposal for dot-net was to *centralize* all of the personal
information on at one location.  This part may be changing with recent
capitulations regarding, of all things, interoperability.  This idea of
centralizing everyone's personal information is the scary part of all this
to me, even recognizing how permeable and abuse-ready the company's
software seems to be.
on another topic -
Has anyone thought about how a scheme like .Net could be aided by
'reasonable and non-discriminatory (RAND)' licensing terms creeping into
W3C Recommendations?  Now there is a scary thought....
IIS (Ignorance Is Strength)

@_date: 2001-09-16 23:21:12
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: Did the US defeat wiretapping success? 
Senator Hatch was interviewed by national media on Tuesday and stated that
the US government had voice intercepts of calls talking about success with
two targets.  He was later criticized for talking about the intercepts. He
is a member of the US Senate Select Committee on Intelligence.

@_date: 2001-09-21 16:41:11
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: NYTimes.com Article: Concern Over Proposed Changes in Internet 
Concern Over Proposed Changes in Internet Surveillance
September 21, 2001
By CARL S. KAPLAN
Significant and perhaps worrisome changes in the
government's Internet surveillance authority have been
proposed by legislators in the wake of the attacks on the
World Trade Center and the Pentagon. Indeed, so much is
happening so quickly it's hard to keep track of the
legislative process, let alone follow the ongoing debate
between fast-moving law enforcement experts and more
cautious civil libertarians.
To illuminate the huge changes afoot, it might be useful to
spotlight one little corner of some proposed legislation.
After all, as lawyers love to say, the devil is in the
The proposed law that is furthest along in the pipeline is
the Combating Terrorism Act of 2001, an amendment to an
appropriations bill that was passed by the Senate on
September 13th without hearings and with little floor
debate. That legislation, which may ultimately become part
of an integrated package of laws put forward this week by
the Attorney General, has several provisions. Perhaps the
most controversial is section 832, which seeks to enhance
the government's ability to capture information related to
a suspect's activities in cyberspace.
Some background information is in order. With telephone
conversations, a law enforcement official can tap a
suspect's conversations only if there is probable cause to
believe the suspect is doing something illegal and if a
magistrate agrees to issue an order. The Fourth Amendment's
ban on unreasonable searches have heightened the legal
requirements needed for a government wiretap.
But suppose an F.B.I. agent doesn't want to listen to the
content of a telephone conversation. Suppose she just wants
to get a list of the telephone numbers that a suspect
dials, and the telephone numbers of people that call the
suspect? This information, the Supreme Court has held, is
not that private. Under federal law, all the government has
to do in order to plant gizmos that record a suspect's
outgoing and incoming telephone numbers -- so called pen
registers and trap and trace devices -- is to tell a
magistrate that the information is relevant to an ongoing
criminal investigation. There is no probable cause
requirement and no hearing. The pen/trap and trace
information is extremely easy to get.
For the past few years, the government has interpreted the
existing pen register and trap and trace laws, which were
designed with telephones in mind, to allow them to swiftly
garner certain information from ISP's about a suspect's
e-mails -- for example, the to/from header information.
In one sense, section 832 of the Senate amendment codifies
the government's pro-law enforcement interpretation. Among
other things, the amendment explicitly expands the pen/trap
and trace law to include Internet communications.
Specifically, the proposed law allows the government, under
the low-standard pen/trap and trace authority, to record
not just telephone numbers dialed but "routing, addressing,
or signalling information" .
According to experts on both sides of the legislative
debate, the exact meaning of routing, addressing and
signalling data is ambiguous. But chances are it includes
not just to/from e-mail header information but a record of
the URLs -- Web site addresses -- that a person visits.
The legislation's language is "not very narrow," said
Stewart Baker, head of the technology practice at Steptoe &
Johnson, a Washington, D.C. law firm, and former general
counsel of the National Security Agency. Conceivably, he
said, federal agents under the proposed law could very
easily -- and without making a showing of probable cause --
get a list of "everyone you send e-mail to, when you sent
it, who replied to you, how long the messages were, whether
they had attachments, as well as where you went online."
"That's quite a bit of information," added Baker, who this
week participated in a written dialog on national security
in wartime on the online magazine Slate. Moreover, it's
more information-rich material than a log of telephone
numbers. "I think if you asked anyone on the street: 'Which
would you rather reveal, the telephone numbers you dialed
or a list of all the people you sent e-mail to and the Web
sites you visited?' I think they'd say, "Go with the phone
numbers,'" he said.
HOW TO ADVERTISE
For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters
or other creative advertising opportunities with The
New York Times on the Web, please contact Alyson
Racer at alyson at nytimes.com or visit our online media
kit at For general information about NYTimes.com, write to
help at nytimes.com.
Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company

@_date: 2002-08-28 15:13:55
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: Bush to call for Federal Network Operations Center 
news item from eweek.com:
August 26, 2002
Bush to Call for Fed NOC
By Caron Carlson and Dennis Fisher
The Bush administration has plans to create a centralized facility for
collecting and examining security-related e-mail and data traffic and will
push private network operators to expand their data-gathering initiatives,
according to an unreleased draft of the plan.
The proposed cyber-security Network Operations Center is included in a
draft of the National Strategy to Secure Cyberspace, which was developed
by the President's Critical Infrastructure Protection Board and is due for
release Sept. 18.
The call for expanded data collection and analysis results from
administration concerns that efforts to secure cyberspace are hampered by
the lack of a single data-collection point to detect cyber-security
incidents and issue warnings, according to a draft of the plan, which was
obtained by eWeek.
 < . . . . >
article continues at:

@_date: 2002-01-17 15:29:26
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: disposable contactless paper smart cards update 
The Intertrader mailing list 'smartcards' has a recent post regarding the
development and deployment of paper contactless smartcards that can be
used in applications such as transit fares.  The mailing list archive
webpage says the archives are only for subscribers, but I don't know if
that is true or not.  The archived post is here:
If you want to read it and can't get it, I can email it to you, I guess.

@_date: 2002-01-19 17:16:10
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: February 02 Atlantic Monthly article - Losing the Code War 
The February issue of the magazine _The Atlantic Monthly_
has an article on page 33 entitled 'Losing the Code War' by Stephen
Budiansky.  This piece puts forth the notion that advances in modern
general purpose computers have given the edge to code makers over code
breakers, by allowing people to use harder encryption, eg with longer
The Atlantic's website ( as of today lists the
January issue as the current issue, so the article isn't online yet.
There is a discussion of DES being cracked a few years ago, and the
article also talks about one time pads, Enigma machines, the Scarfo case,
the Clipper chip, and reported al Qaeda stego use.  Definitely not a
technical article, but it is interesting to see how the mainstream press
deals with the concepts and facilities of crypto.

@_date: 2002-01-26 17:46:18
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: biometrics 
< . . . . >
< . . . . >
I took 'have-ness' to mean a token, smartcard, i-Button, little gizmo that
gens a new number every 60 sec, dongle, whatever; the thread being some
physical matter thing like a key.  'Know-ness' I ascribed to passwords,
passphrases, things that are known or can be divined from one's internal
resources; an epistemological sort of thing.
I have heard people say that security can be based on either a) something
that you know, b) something that you have, or c) something that you are;
usually I have heard this 'security-divided-into-three-parts' idea in the
preamble to a sales pitch for something from either b) or c).
Without think about it some more, I don't know whether to place the entire
notion of security controls based on biometric telemetry in with _pure_
bullshit like copy protection, watermarking, non-repudiation, tamper
proofing, or trusted third parties.  Admittedly, there is a lot of
bullshit in the idea, I'm just not sure it is pure.

@_date: 2002-01-27 20:50:32
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: biometrics 
< . . . . >
There isn't anything generally wrong with hardware devices or something
that 'one has'.  Tokens and the like can be cost effective in many
applications.  I'm working with some folks right now that are looking at
hardware dongle-type things for a particular security application.
Little hardware gizmos will probably turn out to be a good fit for what
they are doing.  Nothing wrong with that.
People often use password systems poorly, and many password systems permit
poor and sloppy use.  Still passwords and passphrases can be used
I think the need for maintaining control over the biometric telemetry
equipment makes it suitable for a rather narrow range of applications.

@_date: 2002-06-11 18:30:42
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: [rfc-dist] RFC 3274 on Compressed Data Content Type for Cryptographic 
A new Request for Comments is now available in online RFC libraries.
        RFC 3274
        Title:	    Compressed Data Content Type for
                    Cryptographic Message Syntax (CMS)
        Author(s):  P. Gutmann
        Status:	    Standards Track
        Mailbox:    pgut001 at cs.auckland.ac.nz
        Pages:      6
        Characters: 11276
        Updates/Obsoletes/SeeAlso:  None
        I-D Tag:    draft-ietf-smime-compression-07.txt
        URL:        ftp://ftp.rfc-editor.org/in-notes/rfc3274.txt
This document defines a format for using compressed data as a
Cryptographic Message Syntax (CMS) content type.  Compressing data
before transmission provides a number of advantages, including the
elimination of data redundancy which could help an attacker, speeding
up processing by reducing the amount of data to be processed by later
steps (such as signing or encryption), and reducing overall message
size.  Although there have been proposals for adding compression at
other levels (for example at the MIME or SSL level), these don't
address the problem of compression of CMS content unless the
compression is supplied by an external means (for example by
intermixing MIME and CMS).
This document is a product of the S/MIME Mail Security Working Group
of the IETF.
This is now a Proposed Standard Protocol.
This document specifies an Internet standards track protocol for
the Internet community, and requests discussion and suggestions
for improvements.  Please refer to the current edition of the
"Internet Official Protocol Standards" (STD 1) for the
standardization state and status of this protocol.  Distribution
of this memo is unlimited.
This announcement is sent to the IETF list and the RFC-DIST list.
Requests to be added to or deleted from the IETF distribution list
should be sent to IETF-REQUEST at IETF.ORG.  Requests to be
added to or deleted from the RFC-DIST distribution list should
be sent to RFC-DIST-REQUEST at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.
Details on obtaining RFCs via FTP or EMAIL may be obtained by sending
an EMAIL message to rfc-info at RFC-EDITOR.ORG with the message body
help: ways_to_get_rfcs.  For example:
        To: rfc-info at RFC-EDITOR.ORG
        Subject: getting rfcs
        help: ways_to_get_rfcs
Requests for special distribution should be addressed to either the
author of the RFC in question, or to RFC-Manager at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.  Unless
specifically noted otherwise on the RFC itself, all RFCs are for
unlimited distribution.echo
Submissions for Requests for Comments should be sent to
RFC-EDITOR at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.  Please consult RFC 2223, Instructions to RFC
Authors, for further information.
Joyce K. Reynolds and Sandy Ginoza
USC/Information Sciences Institute
Below is the data which will enable a MIME compliant Mail Reader
implementation to automatically retrieve the ASCII version
of the RFCs.

@_date: 2002-06-11 18:43:01
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: MSNBC article on encrypted Islamic web pages 
Hiding (and Seeking) Messages on the Web
Al Qaeda uses the Web as a communications network
By Colin Soloway, Rod Nordland and Barbie Nadeau
NEWSWEEK   June 17 issue
One day last October, an intelligence-community analyst noticed something
strange about a radical Islamist Web site she had been monitoring for
several months. A previously open, innocuous part of the site was suddenly
blocked. She checked her notes, found the old address for the link and
typed it in to find an otherwise empty page commanding in Arabic,
MISSIONARIES ATTACK!
OTHER HIDDEN PAGES ON the site included seemingly nonsensical phrases and
quotations from the Qur?an coded instructions for Qaeda operatives and
their supporters. U.S. intelligence discovered Al Qaeda uses the Web as a
communications network. Analysts believe Al Qaeda uses prearranged phrases
and symbols to direct its agents. An icon of an AK-47 can appear next to a
photo of Osama bin Laden facing one direction one day, and another
direction the next. Colors of icons can change as well. Messages can be
hidden on pages inside sites with no links to them, or placed openly in
chat rooms. The messages and patterns of symbols are given to analysts at
the CIA and National Security Agency to decipher.

@_date: 2002-06-16 19:43:55
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: UK higher education request for projects 
I don't know if this sort of shilling is taboo on this list or not, but
this looks like something that could inure to the common good, and would
certainly be interesting to work on.  Interested parties need to be, or
partner with, a UK higher or further education institution, or consortia
of such institutions.
from  :
The Joint Information Systems Committee (JISC) promotes the innovative
application and use of information systems and information technology in
further and higher education across the UK.
 :
JISC Circular 06/02
Call for Projects in Authentication and Authorisation
6th June 2002
(Circular also available as an RTF file)
 Heads of Further and Higher Education Institutions funded by the English,
Scottish and Welsh HEFCs and FEFCs and by DEL, Northern Ireland
 Directors of Information Services
Learning Resource Managers
JISC Committee Members
JISC Executive
JISC Regional Support Centres
JISC Services
e-Science Regional Centres
1. This Circular invites FE and HE institutions to bid to undertake a
number of projects designed to give the UK experience of the emerging
technologies in the authentication and authorisation area, based on open,
vendor-independent standards. Further information about the scope of the
call is contained in paragraph 16 below. Institutions have a period of six
weeks to respond. The deadline for full proposals is 12 noon on Thursday
18th July 2002. Paragraphs 37-42 provide further details of the bidding
2. Key to the development of a secure environment for the UK education
community are robust authentication and authorisation services for staff
and students accessing datasets and other sources of electronic
information. With this in mind, the Joint Information Systems Committee
(JISC) has, for several years, funded the Athens national service to
provide a single username/single password access management system for the
UK academic community. Athens is now being used by substantial numbers of
students, staff and researchers in the education and health sectors of the
UK and Ireland.
3. The JISC is currently investigating next-generation authentication and
authorisation tools aimed at meeting the needs of the community for at
least the next five years.
4. The JISC is committed to the adoption and promotion of open,
vendor-independent standards particularly where infrastructural services
are concerned. It is also committed to working with partner organisations
in the UK and in other countries to ensure that, so far as possible,
common standards are adopted internationally for the infrastructure
underpinning education and research.
5. Athens, although it continues to provide a valuable service, is at
present wholly proprietary and is only deployed to any significant extent
in the UK and Ireland. So long as this situation persists, the JISC
considers it unlikely that Athens will constitute the long-term strategic
direction for the UK HE/FE and research communities. Alternative solutions
based on open standards are developing rapidly, and it is these which can
be expected to gain support in other communities which have not as yet
adopted any particular access management system.
6. The JISC is actively involved in these new developments and the present
call for proposals is, in large part, designed to give the UK experience
of the emerging technologies in this area.
7. It is of course recognised that institutions require time to migrate
from any established service to its successor. If or when a decision to
terminate the Athens service is taken, the JISC will endeavour to give the
maximum possible notice and, so far as resources permit, to assist in
managing the transition so as to minimise the inconvenience to the
8. Against this background the JISC, through its Committees for the
Information Environment (JCIE) and for the Support of Research (JCSR),
intends to fund a number of proposals to advance its programmes of work in
the areas of authentication, authorisation and related applications. These
will for the most part be short (i.e. one-year), practically focused
projects designed to explore technical and management issues in a number
of areas detailed below, but some more substantial projects may be
considered for longer-term funding where these address issues of greater
9. The programme is intended to address both the particular needs of the
e-Science research community, and the wider needs of the JISC's work in
developing the Information Environment. More information about the
e-Science programme is available at while the draft strategy for the Information Environment is available at
10. Proposals are invited from FE and HE institutions funded via the UK
funding bodies. These may be from single institutions or consortia.
Partnership arrangements may be developed outside the sector (for example
with research council sites, commercial suppliers of IT products and
services or publishers), though the lead body must be part of the FE or HE
community and funds can only be allocated through the lead site.
11. JISC funded services are also invited to submit proposals in
partnership with colleges and universities, in particular to explore the
issues of authentication and authorisation for JISC services on a national
scale. Services are reminded that it will be important not to duplicate
work currently funded under any other JISC programmes.
Definitions and scope of the call
12. In the remainder of this paper the term authentication
( . . . . &c)

@_date: 2002-05-13 12:41:16
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: new RFCs 
as noticed on RFC distribution list:
RFC 3278 on Use of ECC Algorithms in CMS
RFC 3279 on Algorithms and Identifiers
RFC 3280 on Internet X.509 Public Key Infrastructure
RFC 3281 on An Internet Attribute Certificate
replace N's below with RFC number to fetch:
 ftp://ftp.rfc-editor.org/in-notes/rfcNNNN.txt

@_date: 2002-09-05 13:59:10
@_author: P.J. Ponder 
@_subject: [rfc-dist] RFC 3369 and 3370 on Cryptographic Message Syntax (CMS) 
For those not subscribed to RFC-Distribution or the IETF list, two new
RFC's (Proposed Standards) on 'Cryptographic Message Syntax'.  Both of the
announcements are pasted in this message.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
A new Request for Comments is now available in online RFC libraries.
        RFC 3369
        Title:	    Cryptographic Message Syntax (CMS)
        Author(s):  R. Housley
        Status:	    Standards Track
        Mailbox:    rhousley at rsasecurity.com
        Pages:      52
        Characters: 113975
        Obsoletes:  2630, 3211
        I-D Tag:    draft-ietf-smime-rfc2630bis-08.txt
        URL:        ftp://ftp.rfc-editor.org/in-notes/rfc3369.txt
This document describes the Cryptographic Message Syntax (CMS).  This
syntax is used to digitally sign, digest, authenticate, or encrypt
arbitrary message content.
This document is a product of the S/MIME Mail Security Working Group
of the IETF.
This is now a Proposed Standard Protcol.
This document specifies an Internet standards track protocol for
the Internet community, and requests discussion and suggestions
for improvements.  Please refer to the current edition of the
"Internet Official Protocol Standards" (STD 1) for the
standardization state and status of this protocol.  Distribution
of this memo is unlimited.
This announcement is sent to the IETF list and the RFC-DIST list.
Requests to be added to or deleted from the IETF distribution list
should be sent to IETF-REQUEST at IETF.ORG.  Requests to be
added to or deleted from the RFC-DIST distribution list should
be sent to RFC-DIST-REQUEST at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.
Details on obtaining RFCs via FTP or EMAIL may be obtained by sending
an EMAIL message to rfc-info at RFC-EDITOR.ORG with the message body
help: ways_to_get_rfcs.  For example:
        To: rfc-info at RFC-EDITOR.ORG
        Subject: getting rfcs
        help: ways_to_get_rfcs
Requests for special distribution should be addressed to either the
author of the RFC in question, or to RFC-Manager at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.  Unless
specifically noted otherwise on the RFC itself, all RFCs are for
unlimited distribution.echo
Submissions for Requests for Comments should be sent to
RFC-EDITOR at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.  Please consult RFC 2223, Instructions to RFC
Authors, for further information.
Joyce K. Reynolds and Sandy Ginoza
USC/Information Sciences Institute
Below is the data which will enable a MIME compliant Mail Reader
implementation to automatically retrieve the ASCII version
of the RFCs.
A new Request for Comments is now available in online RFC libraries.
        RFC 3370
        Title:	    Cryptographic Message Syntax (CMS) Algorithms
        Author(s):  R. Housley
        Status:	    Standards Track
        Mailbox:    rhousley at rsasecurity.com
        Pages:      24
        Characters: 51001
        Updates/Obsoletes/SeeAlso:  None
        I-D Tag:    draft-ietf-smime-cmsalg-08.txt
        URL:        ftp://ftp.rfc-editor.org/in-notes/rfc3370.txt
This document describes the conventions for using several
cryptographic algorithms with the Cryptographic Message Syntax
(CMS).  The CMS is used to digitally sign, digest, authenticate, or
encrypt arbitrary message contents.
This document is a product of the S/MIME Mail Security Working Group
of the IETF.
This is now a Proposed Standard.
This document specifies an Internet standards track protocol for
the Internet community, and requests discussion and suggestions
for improvements.  Please refer to the current edition of the
"Internet Official Protocol Standards" (STD 1) for the
standardization state and status of this protocol.  Distribution
of this memo is unlimited.
This announcement is sent to the IETF list and the RFC-DIST list.
Requests to be added to or deleted from the IETF distribution list
should be sent to IETF-REQUEST at IETF.ORG.  Requests to be
added to or deleted from the RFC-DIST distribution list should
be sent to RFC-DIST-REQUEST at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.
Details on obtaining RFCs via FTP or EMAIL may be obtained by sending
an EMAIL message to rfc-info at RFC-EDITOR.ORG with the message body
help: ways_to_get_rfcs.  For example:
        To: rfc-info at RFC-EDITOR.ORG
        Subject: getting rfcs
        help: ways_to_get_rfcs
Requests for special distribution should be addressed to either the
author of the RFC in question, or to RFC-Manager at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.  Unless
specifically noted otherwise on the RFC itself, all RFCs are for
unlimited distribution.echo
Submissions for Requests for Comments should be sent to
RFC-EDITOR at RFC-EDITOR.ORG.  Please consult RFC 2223, Instructions to RFC
Authors, for further information.
Joyce K. Reynolds and Sandy Ginoza
USC/Information Sciences Institute
Below is the data which will enable a MIME compliant Mail Reader
implementation to automatically retrieve the ASCII version
of the RFCs.
