
@_date: 2002-02-21 15:15:15
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Cringely Gives KnowNow Some Unbelievable Free Press... (fwd) 
The paper is located here: I've not evaluated yet but I'm interested in hearing if he received his
grant to try it out.

@_date: 2002-02-25 15:25:59
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: Cringely Gives KnowNow Some Unbelievable Free Press... (fwd) 
for a
It does seem doable and for not very much money. Is anyone attending the
Intl. Financial Cryptography Association meeting in Bermuda from March
11-15th?  Perhaps we could arrange an informal get-together for this
Phillip

@_date: 2002-01-23 11:34:13
@_author: Phillip H. Zakas 
@_subject: biometrics 
I completely concur with this view.  Biometrics are well on their way to
replacing passwords (the traditional view of biometrics...debatable),
but they have not increased security in the process.  In any classic
'red team' attack on a network or database or workstation, etc. secured
by biometric identification there are two approaches to pursue:
1.  Replace the intended biometric data, stored in the authentication
database, of a known person with your own biometric data so that when
you authenticate the database matches your data instead of the data of
the original person -- as far as the system is concerned you are that
person and have all of their access rights.  Auth databases are often
centralized and available to query/access from all kinds of places (not
the least of which are the authentication stations) and it's often true
these databases aren't well protected in a network.  Of course, it
doesn't require a stretch of the imagination to realize this attack can
be used for all kinds of auth data stored in any kind of database.
2.  Sniff packets/signals over the wire during an authentication session
and use stuff as simple as tcpdump and tcpreplay to replay the
authentication sequence...you'd be surprised how often this trick works.
And of course this type of attack works extremely well against
card-based access systems.
So the issue in my mind is not whether biometrics can measure the
'liveliness' of the object being detected...this isn't even (in my
opinion) rocket science.  Rather, it's this: how secure and trustworthy
the ENTIRE security system, and how secure and trustworthy are the
things being protected.  (And I don't think defense in depth is an
answer either...layers help but they don't address fundamental security
problems in poor network/OS/DB/process/opsec/etc. designs.)
