
@_date: 2017-10-29 19:53:34
@_author: R0b0t1 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Potential Vulnerabilities in SM3 Hash (and Related 
A patch to gcrypt was proposed on the mailing list to add SM3, a hash
function sponsored by a Chinese government body. The function contains
unjustified changes and picked constants.
Is it possible the hash function is insecure? I am of the opinion that
it is, but despite my concerns the patch was merged with gcrypt.
     R0b0t1

@_date: 2018-07-20 16:00:12
@_author: R0b0t1 
@_subject: [Cryptography] "Public Accountability vs. Secret Laws: Can They 
I've not generally seen this be the case in mathematics. A lot of
subfields do not have any direct application. You can formulate
solutions like "find X in Y better than Z" but maybe X and Y haven't
been linked to any physical phenomena.
It's better if you *can* get someone to care by proposing it is useful
for something, but I can understand parent's desire to avoid frivolous

@_date: 2018-06-24 15:33:02
@_author: R0b0t1 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Open Storage Controllers 
Is anyone aware of either HDDs or SSDs that have firmware which is
user modifiable? Even flash chips, "bare," as used in USB flash
drives, or eMMC, as used in phones, can have storage controllers.
In the case of eMMC especially signature enforcement is advertised as
a bonus so it may be wise to view all eMMC (at least that I know of)
as compromised.
Part of my interest is practical as well - most solid state storage
drives do not report SMART statistics properly even though the drive
controller *must* be collecting this information for proper operation.
It is not possible to ascertain the health of most drives, even
indirectly, e.g. through IO throughput. One day they just fail. I'd
like to change that.
HDDs may be of more immediate interest due to high capacity and ease
of use. I am aware of someone modifying firmware of a drive at
 but it is unclear if that will
work on modern storage.
On the other hand high integration devices must not be overlooked.
Thanks in advance,
     R0b0t1

@_date: 2018-05-02 23:33:43
@_author: R0b0t1 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Justice Dept. Revives Push to Mandate a Way to 
This is already the case - all useful desktops contain general purpose
chips with bulk memory access for "remote management." All cellphones
ship with basebands that either suffer the same problems, or perhaps
can not knowably be off, or are not performant.
Broadcom devices are not necessarily clean. They require blobs and
have a closed boot process. Many others might still have silicon level
exploits. There is no safe device until one is made.
Should you care, Allwinner parts are worth consideration, though -
most let you run code in EL3 (supervisor).
     R0b0t1

@_date: 2018-05-03 15:23:56
@_author: R0b0t1 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Georgia prohibits vulnerability research 
This boat has already set sail. The federal Computer Fraud and Abuse
Act (1986) covers this behavior. As used in federal court the test is
typically whether the individual has actually logged in to a system in
a fraudulent manner (regardless of their intent or qualifications).*
However any interaction with a system that you were not authorized to
perform is prohibited by the strictest interpretation of the law.
Pinging a system that you were not authorized to ping is a felony.
Speak out against this law but realize there are already worse.
As strange as it may sound, I actually agree with the formulation of
the CFAA. I see no way it can be considered a first amendment issue.
     R0b0t1
* Vulnerability scanners typically bin their tests into "ones which
try to log in" and everything else.

@_date: 2018-05-03 13:44:23
@_author: R0b0t1 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Georgia prohibits vulnerability research 
Hmm. That is what I thought the Georgian bill was about initially, but
then I kept reading and it looked like a rehashing of the CFAA.
This is an obvious violation of the first amendment, so why does
anyone care? It will be overturned if it ever passes. I would suggest
a better expenditure of effort and the attention span of those who
will listen is the initial court case where the law is tested.
Thinking about a "security research exemption" in this way is
dangerous. I will explain further below.
A research exemption for the CFAA does not make much sense. Would a
researcher be allowed to break into people's houses for research
purposes? Would they be allowed to sneak around a military base or
government building simply because they could get in?
Realize that the CFAA tries to explicitly translate physical property
law into a form that applies to computers. Knowing this it is easy to
explain why it was written the way it was written, and why it has been
applied in the way it has been applied.
The DMCA and the CFAA are entirely different areas of law. I am afraid
I do not understand what you mean.
The right to reverse engineer the operation and construction of
devices is not one which was granted but one which is inherent in the
rule of law in the United States. It is absurd to think the DMCA ever
removed it. More likely is that that clause of the DMCA, if ever
seriously enforced, would be found invalid. And indeed it was
challenged and changed. The "exemption" was likely a pragmatic move to
avoid weakening the rest of the act by association with overreaching
All of the linked articles make the same critical flaw: that anything
was given up or that concessions can even be granted. My reading of
the law seems to make it evident that the majority of the novel
concepts in the DMCA are simply invalid as they try to overturn longer
existing and more basic property law.
Please answer this: How can it be said I own something but have no
right to use it? That is what the DMCA is saying. The parts that do
not say something to that effect are just duplicating existing IP law.
The way the creators of these laws are treated borders on Stockholm
syndrome. Do not accept their laws simply because they pass. Do not
compromise with them. Your rights are already guaranteed. A more
effective call to action would be to request individuals disregard
these laws and refuse to be bound by them as they are not valid.
The CFAA requires unauthorized use of an information system. If you
have valid credentials but your access has been revoked, e.g. via
contract, then signing in would be a violation of the CFAA.
Under the CFAA all that matters is the machine operator's attitude
towards your use of their machine. I do not think it is a stretch to
consider the generation of an ICMP echo reply packet use. I do realize
that it may be hard to make a prosecutor care about someone pinging
your machine, but the CFAA technically forbids unsolicited ICMP echo
That is good, but I sincerely hope people start studying the law which
already exists. It is very informative and has the potential to be
extremely surprising. There is existing precedent which is simply
against the text of modern laws which remain unchallenged but tacitly
enforced. Taking those laws and applying them to more common
situations can be amusing. E.g., what if someone sold me a lawnmower
but told me I could not repair it? I'd be concerned about their mental
health and repair it anyway.
Another good example: Some number of months ago I found out that those
"warranty void if removed" stickers are invalid under the
Magnuson-Moss warranty act. I believe this has some pretty far
reaching implications especially w.r.t. bootloader locking.
     R0b0t1
