
@_date: 2001-10-31 00:40:33
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Mixmaster remailer software now on SourceForge 
Hey folks,
Mixmaster is now available on SourceForge.
If you've sent me patches that aren't reflected in the CVS changes, you
may want to submit them again via the SF patch system.
Len Sassaman
Security Architect            |  "Now it's all change --
Technology Consultant         |   It's got to change more."
       |              --Joe Jackson

@_date: 2002-08-06 23:29:12
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: CodeCon 2003 Call for Papers 
CodeCon 2.0
February 2003, San Francisco CA, USA
Call For Papers
CodeCon is the premier showcase of active hacker projects. It is an
excellent opportunity for developers to demonstrate their work, and for
coding hackers to find out about what's going on in their community.
All presentations must be accompanied by functional applications,
ideally open source. Presenters must be one of the active developers of
the code in question. We emphasize that demonstrations be of *working*
code, and reproducible by other people. Throughout the event, we will have
several kiosks and local servers available for demonstration purposes.
CodeCon strongly encourages presenters from non-commercial and academic
backgrounds to attend for the purposes of collaboration and the sharing of
knowledge by providing free registration to workshop presenters and
discounted registration to full-time students.
We hereby solicit papers and demonstrations.
   * Papers and proposals due: December 1, 2002
   * Authors notified: December 15, 2002
   * Demonstration materials due: January 15, 2003
The focus of CodeCon is on working applications which:
   * enhance individual power and liberty
   * can be discussed freely, either by virtue of being open source or
     having a published protocol, and preferably free of intellectual
     property restrictions
   * are generally useful, either directly to a large number of users, or
     as an example of technology applicable to a larger audience
   * demonstrate novelty in technical approaches, security assumptions, and
     end-user functionality
Possible topics include, but are by no means restricted to:
   * development tools - languages, debuggers, version control
   * file sharing systems - swarming distribution, distributed search
   * community-based web sites - forums, weblogs, personals
   * security products - mail encryption, intrusion detection, firewalls
Presentations will be a 45 minutes long, with 15 minutes allocated for
Q&A. Overruns will be truncated.
Submission details:
Submissions are being accepted immediately. Acceptance dates are
September 1, November 1, and December 1. On each acceptance date,
submissions will be either accepted, rejected, or deferred to the
next acceptance date.
The conference language is English.
All submissions should be accompanied by source code or an application.
When possible, we would prefer that the application be available for
interactive use during the workshop, either on a presenter-provided
demonstration machine or one of the conference kiosks.
Ideally, demonstrations should be usable by attendees with 802.11b
connected devices either via a web interface, or locally on Windows,
UNIX-like, or MacOS platforms. Cross-platform applications are most
Our venue may be 21+. If you are submitting and are under 21, please
advise the program committee; we may consider alternate venues for one or
more days of the event. If you have a specific day on which you would
prefer to present, please advise us.
To submit, send mail to submissions at codecon.info including the following
   * Project name
   * url of project home page
   * tagline - one sentence or less summing up what the project does
   * names of presenter(s) and urls of their home pages, if they have any
   * one-paragraph bios of presenters (optional)
   * project history, no more than a few sentences
   * what will be done in the project demo
   * major achievement(s) so far
   * claim(s) to fame, if any
   * future plans
Conference Producers and co-chairs: Bram Cohen, Len Sassaman
Program Committee:
   * Tina Bird, Counterpane
   * Bram Cohen, BitTorrent
   * Roger Dingledine, The Freehaven Project
   * Jered Floyd, Permabit
   * Paul Holman, The Shmoo Group
   * Ben Laurie, The Apache Foundation
   * Don Marti, Linux Journal
   * Jordan Ritter, Cloudmark
   * Len Sassaman, Nomen Abditum Services
   * Rodney Thayer, The Tillerman Group
   * Jamie Zawinski, DNA Lounge
If your organization is interested in sponsoring CodeCon, we would love to
hear from you. In particular, we are looking for sponsors for social meals
and parties on any of the three days of the conference, as well as
sponsors of the conference as a whole, prizes or awards for quality
presentations, scholarships for qualified applicants, and assistance with
transportation or accommodation for presenters with limited resources. If
you might be interested in sponsoring any of these aspects, please contact
the conference organizers at codecon-admin at codecon.info.
Press policy:
CodeCon strives to be a conference for developers, with strong audience
participation. As such, we need to limit the number of complimentary
passes non-developer attendees. Press passes are limited to one pass per
publication, and must be approved prior to the registration deadline (to
be announced later). If you are a member of the press, and interested in
covering CodeCon, please contact us early by sending email to
press at codecon.info. Members of the press who do not receive press-passes
are welcome to participate as regular conference attendees.
If you have questions about CodeCon, or would like to contact the
organizers, please mail codecon-admin at codecon.info. Please note this
address is only for questions and administrative requests, and not for
workshop presentation submissions.
Please note: do not email the old addresses at "codecon.org". Use
"codecon.info", or else they will not reach us.

@_date: 2002-01-21 16:18:14
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: PGP & GPG compatibility  
Really, interoperability is not that bad. Aside from some rather obscure
nits between implementations, every PGP implementation pretty much talks
to every other one without any major problems.
The biggest compatability barriers are PGP 2.6 users' inability to encrypt
to v4 (the newer OpenPGP) keys, and GnuPG's lack of the IDEA algorithm.
The former is solved either by PGP 2.6 users upgrading their PGP software
to one that understands v4 keys (note that this doesn't mean they need to
give up their older v3 (PGP 2.6-style) keys), or the other user generating
a v3 key for use with 2.6 users. I use PGP on a regular basis for a large
portion of my email, and rarely have I encountered this problem. Whenever
this discussion comes up, someone inevitably insists that PGP 2.6 is in
widespread use and PGP as a whole is flawed because 2.6 can't encrypt to
the newer keys, but I just don't see this as a reality.
The second problem is a less severe extension of the first problem, and
used to be easily correctable by dropping in an IDEA algorithm module
(which, unfortunately, seems to no longer exist on the GnuGP website). The
Lack of IDEA in GnuPG makes it less friendly to those wishing to upgrade
from PGP 2.6 or communicate with PGP 2.6 users, but again, this isn't
noticeable by the majority of the users.
The biggest problem with PGP is not an interoperability issue, but a UI
issue. A secure email system should appeal to the casual user, and also be
easily deployed by the casual user. Most email users don't understand how
signatures work, why public key crypto really does, what signing keys and
checking fingerprints are for, etc. Even if all versions of PGP had been
designed perfectly the first time, interoperated with each other
flawlessly, and had no bugs appear in them ever, this problem would still
exist. PGP intentionally sacrifices usability for security.

@_date: 2002-03-01 12:11:02
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: NAI puts PGP into Maintenance 
This explains a few things. When I first saw the announcement that NAI was
selling PGP, I was very surprised at what they were selling and not
PGP used to be an "all-in-one" crypto solution, which included things like
a disk encryption program, an IPSEC implementation, and recently a
personal firewall in addition to the PGP mail and file encryption we're
used to.
It appeared from the original announcement that NAI wasn't going to be
selling some of the more interesting chunks of the product, such as the
IPSEC utility, the firewall, and most importantly, the SDK (which is the
heart of all the PGP programs.)
Without the SDK, I'm not sure how useful any of the other code would be to
a buyer. Apparently, not very.
"McAfee E-Business Server, McAfee Desktop Firewall and McAfee VPN Client"
have changed their names. I'm pretty sure that McAfee Desktop Firewall
used to be PGPfire. McAfee VPN Client was PGPnet. and McAfee E-Business
Server is the command-line version of PGP.
I find it hard to believe that NAI expects to make money selling
E-Business Server (for server-side PGP encryption) if there is no longer a
supported client-side implementation.

@_date: 2002-03-25 17:53:30
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: 1024-bit RSA keys in danger of compromise 
I've posted my thoughts about Bernstein's paper to the NANOG list, so I
won't recap them here. I do want to make one point that people seem to be
ignoring, however, and it has to do with the section of Lucky's message
that I have quoted below.
There are several significant applications in wide-spread use currently
that do not have any mechanism for the user or administrator to specify a
minimum public key algorithm bit size.
Additionally, Verisign appears to not have a policy against signing
ridiculously small RSA keys -- I've been told that they signed a 384 bit
key in the past year. If you're interested, buy the Netcraft SSL survey
results and see how many 512 bit RSA keys are being used now.
On the client side, Internet browsers should have a mechanism for
specifying the minimum key size that a user is willing to accept to secure
his TLS/SSL connection. Not offering this as a standard feature, with sane
defaults, is downright negligent. Both Netscape/Mozilla and Microsoft
appear guilty of this.
Likewise, I cannot find any way of configuring sshd (in any version of
SSH/OpenSSH server software) to deny users' public key based
authentication based on insufficient key size. Either I have to turn off
public key authentication and rely on passwords, or allow users to use
factorable keys. This needs to be fixed, immediately, and documented
The feasibility of factoring 1024 bit keys, while a very serious issue that
needs to be examined, seems almost irrelevant if software users cannot
specify a lower limit on public key bit sizes in their applications.
