
@_date: 2001-06-22 18:23:46
@_author: Radia Perlman - Boston Center for Networking 
@_subject: crypto flaw in secure mail standards 
Actually I don't think Don was talking about that. Instead he was
talking about the danger of leaving things out of the
signature like the subject
line, the to field, the date, etc., that would allow someone to
take Alice's message out of context, and other people on the list
have explained that you need to have all stuff that matters be
covered by the signature, perhaps by having the user consciously
know what matters and include it in the body.
But what Jeff suggested as a feature in
his email is interesting, and Charlie and I worked
that out in our book when we were discussing how to do what we
called "plausible deniability" with public keys, and non-repudiation
with secret keys, since obviously the opposite is straightforward.
What Jeff is asking about is doing plausible deniability with public
keys, i.e., Bob knows the message came from Alice but he can't prove
it to anyone else.
And the way we specified for Alice to send a "signed only to Bob" message
to Bob is for her to pick a secret key S that she'll only
use for this message, encrypt S with Bob's public key (i.e., {S}Bob),
sign the result (i.e., [{S}Bob]Alice), and compute a MAC on the message using S.
Bob can't prove to anyone else that Alice sent it, since he could construct
any message he wants using a MAC(msg, S). All he can prove is that
at some point Alice sent him something that used S. But he knows it
came from Alice.

@_date: 2001-11-24 17:29:42
@_author: Radia Perlman - Boston Center for Networking 
@_subject: What's the state of the art in one-pass integrity/encryption? 
In the last few years I've heard of some one-pass schemes
(schemes that with one cryptographic pass over the data encrypt
the data and generate an integrity check), and I've
also heard of some schemes being broken. Does anyone know what
schemes have been broken and which schemes are still considered secure?
Are these schemes mature enough to be considered in standards? And
does anyone know about the patent status of these schemes?
References to papers would be appreciated.

@_date: 2003-01-20 21:08:31
@_author: Radia Perlman - Boston Center for Networking 
@_subject: Key Pair Agreement? 
Mostly, I'm mystified as to the application for
this. Scott can force Alice to generate a public key
pair, but he can't force her never to use it for
another purpose, or even ensure that she doesn't
use it for some other purpose between the time
she generates it at Scott's demand and uses it for
Scott's application. And Scott can't discover
whether Alice is using a bad random number generator,
which depending on the application might be another
way to cheat or be insecure.
But not worrying about that for now (despite my
anecdote about how one should know what problem
you're solving before trying to come up with a solution),
I was going to suggest something similar to what
David Wagner suggested, but with Scott telling Alice
the modulus size and the *high* order 64 bits (with the
top bit constrained to be 1). I can see how Alice
can easily generate two primes whose product will have
that *high* order part, but it seems hard to
generate an RSA modulus with a specific *low* order
64 bits.
As for Jack Lloyd's solution...I was also thinking
of something based on Diffie-Hellman, and was going
to suggest that Scott supply the prime p. I'd have
had Scott generate p (as with PDM). If Alice also
needs assurance that p isn't funny somehow, then she
could specify the high order bits of p to Scott, or
Scott could provide the seed to Alice from which he
generated p. But that would force Alice to do a lot
of work. I sort of like making it cheap for Alice,
and making Scott, who is making Alice jump
through hoops for no discernible reason, do a lot
of work.

@_date: 2003-07-10 16:36:49
@_author: Radia Perlman - Boston Center for Networking 
@_subject: SSL 
Re: Eric Rescorla's SSL and TLS book:
Actually on bookpool.com it's $31. And if you can buy something else
at the same time, they have free shipping on anything over $40.
And let me 3rd or 4th the comment that it's a great book!
