
@_date: 2001-05-08 08:44:55
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB Call for Speakers 
The Program Committee of the Digital Commerce Society invites any
member of the above mailing lists to submit their proposal for a
luncheon talk to the Society.
Speakers can be any *principal* in any field of digital commerce.
That means anyone who is doing interesting research or development
in, or who is making significant market innovation in, the
technology, finance, economics, law, or policy of commerce on the
global public internetwork.
The Committee tends to consider the person giving the talk first, and
then gives the speaker lots of discretion in the content of their
talk -- as long as it pertains to DCSB's charter to promote
innovation in internet commerce.
The Society's meetings are held on the first Tuesday of the month at
the Downtown Branch of the Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal
Street, Thirty-Eighth Floor, in Boston, from 12 to 2 in the
Unfortunately, the Society can not remunerate a speaker for any fees
or expenses other than, obviously, the speaker's lunch, and basic
overhead projection equipment. There is dial-up internet access for
the meeting room.
If you, or anyone you know, are interested in speaking to the
society, please send, via email, a proposal, consisting of a single
paragraph on the speaker, and a single paragraph on the proposed
talk, to Robert Hettinga , the chairman
of the DCSB Program Committee, and the Society's Moderator.
A list of previous speakers can be obtained with the following URL
, or, if your
mailreader/browser doesn't support mailtos,
info dcsb
in the *body* of a message to majordomo at reservoir.com .
Thank you for considering DCSB in your speaking plans, and, if you
have any questions on your submission, please contact me directly.
Robert A. Hettinga
Moderator and Program Committee Chair,
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston

@_date: 2002-02-21 16:09:16
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: [IBUC Friends] Geodesic Capital 2002: Call for Participants 
Status:  U
List-Subscribe: We've been talking about this event for months (if not years, now),
and have asked you to save the dates, rescheduled it, well, twice.
But, finally, here's what you've been saving the date for...
                        CALL FOR PARTICIPANTS
              THE FIRST IBUC SYMPOSIUM ON GEODESIC CAPITAL:
        "GC02 -- Internet Bearer Finance in a Transparent World"
                          April 3-4, 2002
                 The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     Boston, Massachusetts, USA
AN INVITATION
The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation invites its friends in
finance, cryptography, and in internet security, infrastructure, and
commerce to Boston for an informal two-day symposium to discuss
bearer finance on a ubiquitous geodesic .
WHAT IS GEODESIC CAPITAL?
"A Fine Kettle of Fish."
Ever since the bottom fell out of the internet finance and digital
goods markets in the Spring of 2000, and especially since the
terrorist events of the Fall of 2001, there has been a considerable
amount of discussion on the net and in the press about the economic
efficacy, if not the actual political wisdom, of using specific kinds
of putatively anonymous financial cryptography protocols to
instantaneously execute, clear, and settle financial and commercial
transactions on the internet.
And yet, the need for these transactions is greater than ever before:
 -- THE MARKET FOR DIGITAL GOODS AND SERVICES, which require
instantaneous cheap peer-to-peer transactions to survive as
stand-alone businesses, has been left in limbo, if not in absolute
disarray. There are increasingly ruinous fights over digital property
rights, which leave the producers and even distributors of internet
content in the position of not producing or distributing content at
all in a medium where content distribution is orders of magnitude
cheaper than in any other.
 -- In spite of commercial assurances to the contrary, THE VERY RIGHT
TO DECRYPT OR REVERSE ENGINEER ENCRYPTION OR SECURITY METHODS IS NOW
VERY MUCH IN DOUBT, with restraining orders and subpoenas flying like
chaff, and the odd theatrical arrest of conference participants for
publishing any software which does even the simplest crypt analysis
of an ostensibly trade-secret protocol.
 -- We are at the point of REQUIRING AN ACTUAL "FINANCIAL PANOPTICON"
BY THE COMING MARKET FOR INTERNET SERVICES, which, at the moment,
depends completely on on "is-a-person" identification of its users,
primarily because current financial transaction settlement technology
requires the identification and apprehension of people who lie about
a book-entry in a database somewhere instead of failing potentially
fraudulent transactions before they even execute.
 -- INTERNET INFRASTRUCTURE FIRMS like ISPs and co-location
facilities are getting over their dot-com bubble hangovers by merging
and filing bankruptcy, while, at the same time, their administrative
costs, caused primarily by the overhead of the billing and payment
process, and moreover, their marketing costs, caused at least
indirectly by the same, keep going up. An auction priced cash-settled
internet infrastructure market would go a long way to restructuring
these markets into something which would be, by definition,
profitable, efficient, and, more to the point, dynamically scalable
without the waste, fraud, and abuse of the current system.
 -- Most important, ANY REDUCTION IN SETTLEMENT RISK AND TRANSACTION
COST which these protocols could bring to the capital markets
themselves IS NOW AT A COMPLETE STANDSTILL, and at a time when costs
are being severely controlled, even to the point of threatening the
existence of several very good firms, and the increasing possibility
of regulatory scrutiny, including the forced divestiture of various
business units, raising financial firms' cost structures even more.
