
@_date: 2001-12-05 20:04:41
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: eCash reported morbidly wounded 
Anyone wanna go on a patent buying expedition -- again? :-).
--- begin forwarded text
Status:  U
Old-Subject: CDR: eCash reported morbidly wounded
 Rumor has it eCash.net will be closing down any day now... aquisition fell
 through, around 40 people soon-to-be jobless.
 When: 12/4/2001
 Company: eCash.net
 Severity: 100 - new hall of fame inductee!

@_date: 2001-12-06 11:33:45
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: I-P: Papers Illuminate Pearl Harbor Attack 
Status:  U
Sender: owner-ignition-point at theveryfew.net
Reply-To: "Arnell" DECEMBER 05, 19:33 ET
Papers Illuminate Pearl Harbor Attack
By MARI YAMAGUCHI
Associated Press Writer
KOBE, Japan (AP) - Japan may have attacked Pearl Harbor because decoded U.S.
cables did not prepare its leaders for American demands that the imperial
army withdraw from China and Southeast Asia, a Japanese scholar said
Previously classified Foreign Ministry documents reveal a turning point that
may have persuaded doves in the Japanese government that war with the United
States was necessary, Kobe University law professor Toshihiro Minohara said.
``The discovery will probably help reevaluate the history of this period,''
Minohara told The Associated Press before announcing his findings.
That turning point came in November 1941, just weeks before the Dec. 7
attack that killed 2,390 and plunged America into World War II.
Japan and the United States had been at odds for years over the imperial
army's march through Asia. On Nov. 22, 1941, Tokyo intercepted a Chinese
telegram saying the United States would propose allowing Japan to keep its
colonies if it abandoned further aggression, Minohara said. The telegram was
sent from the Chinese Embassy in Washington to Chinese government officials
in the wartime capital of Chungking, now Chongqing.
The sudden possibility of a compromise strengthened the position of Foreign
Minister Shigenori Togo, who opposed war with the United States and was
trying to persuade militarists in the government to back down, Minohara
But the official U.S. position sent to Japan on Nov. 26 was entirely
different: Agree to withdraw from China and Southeast Asia or say goodbye to
a diplomatic solution.
That message, sent to Japan's embassy in Washington by then-Secretary of
State Cordell Hull, was interpreted as an ultimatum and convinced pacifists
in the Japanese government that war was inevitable.
``I was so shocked I even felt dizzy,'' Togo later wrote in his memoirs.
``At this point, we had no choice but to take action.''
Researchers also said Japan broke secret codes employed by the United
States, Britain, China and Canada between May 18, 1941, and Dec. 3, 1941,
Kyodo News Agency reported.
Kobe University professor Makoto Iokibe said that ``defies the common
belief...that Japan was behind in the information war against the U.S. and
others,'' the agency reported.
But Japan's extensive spying operations misguided it about Washington's
intentions. Intercepted telegrams, from multiple sources including U.S.
telegrams, suggested the United States was about to propose the two nations
cooperate on obtaining natural resources in Southeast Asia, Minohara said.
Japanese scholars researching declassified government documents also say
Japan may have tried to warn the United States about the attack.
The documents say staff at Japan's embassy in Washington were slow to
decipher a de facto declaration of war and didn't hand it to the U.S.
government until almost an hour after the attack began.
FAIR USE NOTICE: This contains copyrighted material the use of which has
not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. Such
material is made available in an effort to advance understanding of
environmental, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific,
and social justice issues, etc. It is believed that this constitutes a
'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107
of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107,
this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a
prior interest in receiving similar information for research and
educational purposes. For more information go to:
 If you wish to use
copyrighted material for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use',
you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.
To UNSUBSCRIBE from the ignition-point list, send email to:
majordomo at theveryfew.net
In the body of the message, include only the line:
unsubscribe ignition-point --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2001-12-07 11:09:04
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Japan Broke U.S. Code Before Pearl Harbor, Researcher Finds 
Japan Broke U.S. Code Before Pearl Harbor, Researcher Finds
Asia: Discovery is based on papers unearthed in Tokyo. They show attack may
have been prompted by belief that Washington had decided on war.
By VALERIE REITMAN
Times Staff Writer
December 7 2001
TOKYO -- Toshihiro Minohara made a startling discovery while digging
through the U.S. National Archives in College Park, Md., last summer. While
researching secret codes used prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor 60 years
ago, the young Japanese American professor stumbled upon a document,
declassified by the CIA about five years ago, that proved that Tokyo had
succeeded in breaking the U.S. and British diplomatic codes. A few
microfilmed documents, showing the Japanese translations of the telegrams,
were attached.
Minohara knew he was on to something important: For decades it was widely
believed that Japan, then a developing country with a fierce rivalry
between its army and navy, hadn't been up to measure when it came to
code-breaking, particularly the documents of the Americans.
"We are so . . . arrogant," said Donald Goldstein, a professor at the
University of Pittsburgh and co-author of "At Dawn We Slept: The Untold
Story of Pearl Harbor." "It's very possible they could have broken our
code, so why shouldn't they have?"
Research in Tokyo Confirms Findings
Further research by a colleague in Japan confirmed the findings--and may
shed light on the mind-set that caused Japan's last holdouts for peace to
opt for war just weeks before the attack, Minohara said this week.
When Minohara sent fellow Kobe University teacher Satoshi Hattori to check
Japan's diplomatic archives in Tokyo, he wasn't optimistic: Most top-secret
documents were burned after being read in wartime Japan. Those that
remained were confiscated by the U.S. during the occupation that followed
Japan's 1945 defeat; they are now housed in U.S. archives.
But Hattori unearthed a folder marked "Special Documents," containing 34
communiques that would have been easy to overlook--and apparently have been
by other Japanese researchers numerous times. They are simple typed pages,
written primarily in English, of U.S. and British diplomatic discussions
and telegrams, many from U.S. Secretary of State Cordell Hull to various
U.S. ambassadors.
The contents of the documents have long been known to historians the world
over, and some even pop up on the Internet. But their appearance in the
Japanese archives reveals that Tokyo knew what was going on in Washington
in the weeks before Dec. 7, 1941, when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor,
killing more than 2,000 people.
Minohara says his findings may shed light on why the few doves in the
Japanese Cabinet--in particular, Foreign Minister Shigenori Togo--dropped
their opposition to war.
Japan Stunned by Hard-Line U.S. Edict
The U.S., alarmed by the march of Japan's Imperial Army through Asia, had
imposed an oil embargo on the nation and told it to get out of China, among
other things. Togo had sent a conciliatory rebuttal, known as the "Five
Points Plan," offering some concessions and seeking to continue discussions.
Japan knew from the decoded cables that the U.S. had been seriously
considering some of the compromises. But on Nov. 26, 1941, the Americans
stunned Japan with a hard-line edict essentially ordering Tokyo's troops to
get out of China and Indochina or face the consequences. This apparently
convinced even Togo that the U.S. had decided on war.
Many historians have speculated that President Franklin D. Roosevelt was
looking for an excuse to get into the war in Europe; they posit that he
knew Japan would attack but thought the target might be American forces in
the Philippines or instead perhaps Malaya, then a British colony, which
would prompt the U.S. to come to the aid of its ally.
The newly revealed documents raise an interesting question, Minohara says.
Had the American side accepted the compromises it was considering--lifting
the oil embargo for three months, permitting Japanese troops to remain in
Indochina and continuing discussions on Japan's occupation of
Manchuria--would Tokyo have still gone through with the surprise attack on
Pearl Harbor?
Japan's war vessels had long before set sail for the Pacific, and the
command "Climb Mt. Itaka" meant for Japanese troops to go forward with the
attack on Pearl Harbor; but there was also a lesser-known command, "Climb
Mt. Tsukuba," which meant return.
"The big question is why the U.S. dropped the offer," says Minohara, 30,
who did undergraduate work at UC Davis before moving to Japan for graduate
school at Kobe University, where he now teaches.
Togo wrote in his memoirs that, when he read the edict from the U.S., "I
was shocked to the point of dizziness. At this point, we had no choice but
to take action."
Historians often wondered why he was so shocked. Minohara says Togo's
raised expectations that a deal was in the offing led to his anger.
Thomas G. Mahnken, a strategy professor at the U.S. Naval War College in
Rhode Island who recently completed a book on U.S. intelligence on Japan in
the years before World War II, says the knowledge that Japan was breaking
the codes is "significant."
Then again, Mahnken notes, the U.S. diplomatic telegrams "were not
tremendously sophisticated," and a number of countries had even broken
those used by military attaches.
Neither Japan nor the U.S. had broken the other's military codes prior to
Pearl Harbor, Minohara says.
Japanese historians often claim that the U.S. misinterpreted some of the
country's telegrams--for instance, that Togo's "Five Points Plan" was
translated as a "final offer" when Togo never said that.
Minohara says the Japanese "were doing the same thing. Even though there
was no error in the translations, they were still misinterpreting the U.S.'
For information about reprinting this article, go to

@_date: 2001-12-10 09:54:39
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Customer Acts Odd? U.S. Wants to Know 
December 10, 2001
THE INVESTIGATION
Customer Acts Odd? U.S. Wants to Know
By ROBERT PEAR
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9 - Federal agents are planning to fan out across the
country this week in an effort to recruit American businesses in the war on
terror, urging companies to notify the government of suspicious customers.
Robert C. Bonner, commissioner of the Customs Service, said he had
developed a list of about 100 items that the authorities believed
terrorists wanted to buy in this country. Starting Monday, Mr. Bonner said,
federal agents will visit the manufacturers, emphasize the need for
vigilance and encourage them to inform the Customs Service at once if they
are approached by anyone trying to buy these items for possibly illegal
shipment abroad.
The terrorists' shopping list, the Customs Service says, includes missiles,
grenades, grenade launchers and other munitions; aircraft parts; computer
encryption devices; and components of biological, chemical and nuclear
weapons, as well as items that might be used to manufacture or deliver such
Officials said the list included equipment needed to grow anthrax bacteria
and grind the spores; chemicals like thiodiglycol, a precursor of mustard
gas; and electronic timers known as krytrons, which can be used to trigger
nuclear devices.
The Customs Service enforces export-control laws, and Dennis H. Murphy, a
spokesman for the agency, said it was shifting its priorities to focus on
machinery, equipment and technology sought by terrorists.
Customs agents will visit 300 companies in the next few months and "will
start knocking on doors" on Monday, Mr. Murphy said.
If companies identify a suspicious customer, he said, they should call the
Customs Service's office of investigations on a toll-free number, (800) Be
Alert, or (800) 232-5378.
Officials said corporate sales agents should be suspicious if customers
request products that do not correspond with their normal line of business
- if, for example, a foreign shoe manufacturer orders centrifuge machines
that could produce material for nuclear weapons.
Some items on the list have legitimate civilian uses, and the Customs
Service initiative is not intended to restrict or discourage legitimate
exports, officials said.
The Customs Service does not expect American corporations to investigate
buyers of goods and services to determine if they are engaged in illegal
activity. But when customs agents visit American businesses, they will
describe certain signs of suspicious activity, including these:
?A customer wants to pay cash for high-tech items or military goods.
?A buyer has not obtained the necessary export licenses or insists that the
licenses are not required or will not be a problem.
?A customer is willing to pay much more than the usual price or value of a
?A buyer has little or no understanding of the product he or she is
requesting or the commercial activity in which he or she is supposedly
?A buyer has no interest in the customer service offered with a product or
rejects the manufacturer's offer to train employees in proper use of the
?A customer insists on unusual packaging requirements - for example,
extra-large boxes that could be used to smuggle merchandise or contraband.
?A buyer deviates from normal shipping practices in exporting goods.
"We must not choke off trade in the process of ratcheting up security," Mr.
Bonner said. But, he added, with the nation at war and facing new terrorist
threats, it is important for American companies to know their customers.
Home | Back to National | Search | Help 	Back to Top
Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company | Privacy Information

@_date: 2001-12-11 17:24:27
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Slashdot | Google Expands Usenet Archive to 20 Years 
Status:  U
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at lne.com
Yes, it's great to see Google finally get around to doing what DejaNews
said would be done.
Interestingly, I see a January 1992 use of the term "cypherpunks":
This predates Jude Milhon's naming of our list by about 9 months. And
the earlier reference was not in the same context. Still, interesting.
A search on "cypherpunk" gives a history of the term and the early
meetings at the Hackers Conference, the early CP meetings, etc.:
The first mention of "cryptoanarchy" (the spelling I used then)  is in a
9 January 1991 post from John Gilmore, citing my item on cryptoanarchy
at the 1990 Hackers Conference:
Cryptology, Computer Networks, and Big Brother
Tim May
slide presentation
(I wrote "The Cryptoanarchist Manifesto" for the 1988 Crypto Conference,
where it was privately distributed to a few folks. I'd been using the
term in talks around the Bay Area for several months prior to this,
e.g., in a talk with Marc Stiegler, Phil Salin, Jim Bennett, Dave Ross,
Chip Morningstar, Randy Farmer, and some others.)
--Tim May
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a
monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also
into you." -- Nietzsche
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2001-12-12 18:08:21
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: [ISN] Is Open-Source Security Software Safe? 
Status:  U
Reply-To: InfoSec News DECEMBER 11, 2001
SECURITY NET
By Alex Salkever
Will the average bank care if the hacking underground can examine the
basic source code of the security software protecting its networks?
That's what information-security company Guardent is about to find
On Dec. 11, the Waltham (Mass.)-based company rolled out a hardware
security appliance that relies solely on open-source programs to
protect customers. Guardent will use these appliances, priced at
$1,500 a pop, to monitor and guard corporate networks. That's a
fraction of the cost of most integrated security appliances.
One small step for Guardent, one giant leap for open-source security.
Corporations are loath to take a chance on a piece of security
software they don't completely trust. But Guardent doesn't seem to be
worried. Open-source proponents have long argued that their software
is more secure due the exposure of the raw code to thousands of
eyeballs, and the ability of anyone using the software to incorporate
code changes to quickly patch vulnerabilities. What's more, Guardent
will emphasize top-quality service first, good software second. "The
thing that has the value is the service, rather than the software
itself," says Guardent co-founder Daniel R. McCall.
CHEAPER PACKAGE.  A quick look under the hood of Guardent's new box
reveals no surprises. The device incorporates a handful of customized
versions of well known open-source security software tools including
the Snort intrusion-detection package, the Nessus vulnerability
scanner, and the IPTables firewall program. Guardent will manage the
devices using specialized software backed by a PostGres database,
another open-source system.
"By combining these things, you get something that transcends what
straight firewalls and straight intrusion-detection system [IDS] can
offer," says Guardent Chief Technology Officer Gerard Brady. "You can
put the thing together at a cost where the hardware, the software, and
the service for a year come in around the same cost of a traditional
IDS system with just the hardware to run it."
Guardent isn't alone. Other vendors are starting to incorporate
open-source programs as part of their security solutions. Big systems
integrator EDS markets a package of open-source security programs to
credit unions from German company Astaro. Security company Silicon
Defense offers commercial support contracts for Snort. Web-server
specialist Covalent sells and supports a secure version of the popular
open-source program Apache that wraps intrusion detection and
antivirus capabilities in the same package. IBM, too, uses open-source
security products in its consulting and technology-management
UNLIMITED ACCESS.  Although no one tallies the number of corporations
using open-source security software, something must be going on in the
market. "It could be there are more people out there who use the
open-source security and firewall tools, but it never gets reported
because no one executed a purchase order for it," speculates Brian
Behlendorf, the CTO of Collabnet, which has done a lot of work on
open-source products.
Open-source proponents argue that, by making the code visible to all,
possible security holes will likely have been spotted. They also say
the ability to make quick changes in the code is a boon, as is the
fact that the user wields ultimate control. "With open-source
software, we are assured that we will have access to the software for
as long as we desire," says Grant Wagner, the technical director of
the Secure Systems Research Office at the National Security Agency.
Most important, removing the cost of software licenses makes a huge
difference in the competitive field of managed security services,
where Guardent hopes to make a big splash. Co-founder McCall thinks he
can maintain profit margins in the 60% to 70% range with the
open-source appliance. All of this might sound familiar to those who
have watched Red Hat's struggle to create a workable model, one in
which software is free and service revenues generate the profit. If
that effort is any guide, driving open-source security software into
the mainstream will doubtless prove a very difficult task.
SEALS OF APPROVAL.  The open-source movement rarely puts a premium on
nifty interfaces that can make it easier to manage and configure
software. But that's precisely what network engineers need to give
them easier tools for operating firewalls and IDS systems on large
corporate networks. "The people who are really good at building
open-source things are happy with a less sophisticated interface,"
explains Gary McGraw, CTO of Cigital and an expert in building secure
software. "Part of being a good firewall is the quality of the code,
but don't forget that someone has to manage the firewall."
Open-source security products will struggle down the road unless they
can obtain seals of approval such as the Federal Information
Processing Standard audit, as administered by the National Institute
of Standards & Technolgy. Those audits are mandatory before the
federal government signs certain types of contracts. But open-source
projects rarely can raise the cash to pay for and maintain these
audits. That's not even considering how an audit could be conducted on
a constantly changing body of code.
Another potential problem: As open source pushes into more complex
pieces of software, such as firewalls and IDS, frequent code-patching
can spawn its own difficulties. "If there is a problem, somebody
patches it. People like that about open source," explains Mary Ann
Davidson, the chief security officer at Oracle, who adds: "But if you
are a company with a large code base, these alterations ripple through
all the products that depend on it. So patching every week
destabilizes your code base."
CRUNCH TIME.  Davidson is quick to point out that she's not opposed to
open-source code in principle. In fact, Oracle considered using
open-source libraries of cryptograhic algorithms a few months ago, but
it rejected that approach in part due to a belief that product support
would be superior from an established proprietary-code vendor.
Now comes the moment of truth: How many companies are willing to put
everything on the line with open-source software as their bulwark
again malicious hackers and other intruders? While the algorithms
themselves are very public, "I have never seen anyone using
open-source cryptography software in really heavy duty,
mission-critical applications," says Davidson.
Guardent says it counts one of the 10 largest financial institutions
in the country among the beta customers for its open-source appliance.
True, that unnamed outfit isn't using the device to protect
bond-trading systems or anything else quite so sensitive. But if
Guardent can show that management and service are more important than
the code itself, that could mark a huge opportunity for open source to
pile into a market where high software costs still hurt.
Salkever covers computer security issues twice a month in his Security
Net column, only on BusinessWeek Online Edited by Douglas Harbrecht
ISN is currently hosted by Attrition.org
To unsubscribe email majordomo at attrition.org with 'unsubscribe isn' in the BODY
of the mail.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-08 19:20:30
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: [Fwd: MET = Son of SET] 
Status:  U
Sender: Reply-To: iang at systemics.com
-------- Original Message --------
American Express and HP Join M-Commerce Alliance
LONDON (Reuters) - U.S.-based financial services company American
Express and computer technology group Hewlett-Packard said on Tuesday
they had joined Mobey Forum, a consortium of banks and cellphone makers
which intend to set global rules for mobile commerce.
American Express, which joins Mobey Forum after payment card rival Visa,
said it wanted ``to influence the future direction of the wireless
industry at a local and international level.''
The Mobey Forum was set up by 10 leading European banks and the
continent's largest mobile phone makers, and has since been backed by a
host of other European banks and international technology service
The two big U.S. names of American Express and HP give the initiative,
dominated by European names, a higher international profile.
``These are two global brands. I am delighted they are joining the Mobey
Forum,'' said Bo Harald, chairman of the forum.
After its launch in May 2000, Mobey Forum formulated the technical rules
for mobile commerce in June 2001. Wallet cellphones will be available
later this year. The forum wants to build its Mobile Payment
Architecture (MPA) into the de facto world standard for mobile commerce.
The Mobey Forum will integrate another set of mobile commerce standards
from the MET alliance, a separate consortium formed same time in
2000, which has laid down rules for user friendliness and consistency of
mobile payments.
The MET alliance and the Mobey Forum -- which are backed by many of the
same companies, including Nokia (news - web sites) of Finland,
U.S.-based Motorola and Sweden's Ericsson (news - web sites) -- are
currently testing a Nokia phone with two built-in subscriber
identification module (SIM) cards.
SIM cards are the small chips found on most credit cards and telephone
The advantage of having two SIM cards in one cellphone is that banks
have control over one SIM card and the operator controls the other card
that authorizes calls. It means banks can offer their services
independently of mobile operators.
The new phones will connect the customer in a shop to the vendor's
payment terminal over a short, non-telephony link -- this will be done
via infrared or the recently launched Bluetooth radio technology.
The customer can then pay from money stored on his SIM card, or
authorize an amount to be deducted from his bank account.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-10 15:32:32
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: High-tech Thieves Snatch Data From ATMs 
Thursday January 10 03:26 PM EST
High-tech Thieves Snatch Data From ATMs
By Paul Eng ABCNEWS.com
Thieves can steal an account number from an ATM or debit card, and secret pin.
perhaps in the store's cash-dispensing ATM.
But this particular "skim" isn't good for customers since it involves the
poaching of an unsuspecting consumer's bank card data.
Thieves have found a way to steal not only someone's account number from an
ATM or debit card but also the person's seemingly secret personal
identification number. With this double dose of information, thieves can
electronically rob unsuspecting victims of their cash.
The scam has been reported in New York, Florida, California and points in
The cybercrooks' technique is so clandestine that consumers often don't
know that they've become victims until they check their monthly bank
statements - or when checks start to inexplicably "bounce" due to lack of
available funds.
Suddenly Sapped of Cash
Chris Lundie, a 28-year-old market surveillance analyst with a Wall Street
investment firm, was one such victim.
Last month, Lundie and his fianc?e checked their bank account online in
preparation to pay their Manhattan apartment rent. But, they noticed two
odd withdrawals - for $500 and $600 - made within hours of each other at
bank ATMs in Flushing, Queens.
"At first we questioned how this happened," says Lundie. "We don't work in
Queens and we've never been to those ATMs."
After calling his bank to stop further activity on the account, Lundie
called his local police precinct and discovered that he was the latest
victim of a high-tech crime ring that may have been targeting automatic
teller machine users for more than a year.
Detectives with New York City Police Department's Special Fraud Unit
wouldn't comment on the "ongoing investigation" into the ring. But
according to a recent report in the New York Post , the thieves may have
stolen as much as $1.5 million. Authorities told the Post they suspected
the scam was the work of the Russian mafia.
Snatching Data Clandestinely
Law enforcement officials did not disclose how the ring operated, but
industry sources gave ABCNEWS a hint at how the ring might have stolen
money from unsuspecting victims.
According to one source, the thieves may have targeted non-bank ATMs - the
stand-alone cash dispensers found at local grocers, bodegas, gas stations,
and shopping mall food courts. The machines are rigged with tiny devices
that can read a debit card's magnetic stripe as it is run through the ATM's
built-in reader. A special "logic board" or cover is placed over the ATM's
keypad and records when users enter their four-digit PIN codes.
Both the card's magnetic data and the user's PIN information are stored in
a separate memory module. The thieves retrieve the memory module and, using
commercially available computer technology, encode the stolen information
onto their own blank cards. These "cloned" debit cards can then be used
with the captured PIN to withdraw money from the victims' accounts using
other ATMs.
Con artists have targeted debit cards and ATMs in the past in a variety of
scams. Most schemes, such as the so-called Lebanese Loop, are fairly simple.
In that scam, robbers would purposely rig the card slot of the ATM to
physically capture a person's bank card. The scammer, posing as a good
Samaritan, would then suggest that the victim repeatedly enter their secret
PIN code in order to recover the stuck card from the machine. When the
effort fails, the victim often walks away - leaving the con artist to
retrieve the card and use it with the now-disclosed PIN code.
ATMs: Tempting Targets
Experts believe that the thieves may have targeted non-bank ATMs for
several reasons.
For one, non-bank ATMs are typically owned and maintained by independent
operators who may not know that such skimming devices are being added and
removed from their cash dispensers.
Most of these stand-alone ATMs also lack built-in surveillance cameras and
are placed in locations that aren't monitored closely, leaving police with
very little evidence to work with during their investigations.
Crafting Countermeasures
Rob Evans, marketing director for NCR, a leading ATM supplier, says the
industry has developed several technologies that can defeat these
clandestine card skimming setups. ATMs supplied to NCR's bank customers,
for example, can be equipped with enhanced card readers that can scramble
the card's data as it's being read.
"When a user puts his card in, it jitters the electronic signals so it
can't be picked up by a nearby illegal card reader," says Evans.
The banking industry is also looking into other high-tech measures such as
using software encryption and so-called smart cards that store data on
hard-to-duplicate microprocessors.
But industry officials such as Evans admits that it's a tough race against
cybercriminals. "You do what you can to make the ATM as unappealing as you
can to folks that want to use it for criminal purpose," says Evans. But as
ATMs - especially stand-alone versions - proliferate, "The bad guys are
going to keep coming at these things as quickly as they can."
Enduring Losses and Lessons
And that's disheartening news for both consumers and the financial
institutions that absorb the estimated billions of dollars annually lost to
bank card fraud.
Citigroup and J.P. Morgan & Chase - two of the largest institutions
reportedly stung hard by this latest ring of thieves - wouldn't comment on
the amount lost in the latest scam. But Mark Rodgers, spokesman for
Citigroup, says, "No [customer] funds were at risk and we regret any
inconvenience that may have resulted [from this crime]." Rodgers also says,
"We've worked with customers to resolve the issues on their account."
And that's good news for consumers such as Lundie. His undisclosed
financial institution restored the stolen funds to his account in about two
weeks. After all, "$1,100 is a lot of money living in [New York] City," he
Still, he and his fianc?e are keeping a close eye on their new account. And
he says: "I definitely make more of an attempt to use a bank ATM."
Email this story - View most popular  |  Formatted version

@_date: 2002-01-10 18:08:43
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Norway Indicts Teen Who Published Code Liberating DVDs 
Electronic Frontier Foundation Media Release
Norway Indicts Teen Who Published Code Liberating DVDs
U.S. Entertainment Industry Pressured Norwegian Prosecutors
For Immediate Release: Thursday, January 10, 2002
Oslo, Norway - Acting years after pressure from the U.S. entertainment
industry, the Norwegian government yesterday indicted teenager Jon Johansen
for his role in creating software that permits DVD owners to view DVDs on
players that are not approved by the entertainment industry.
On January 9, 2002, the Norwegian Economic Crime Unit (?KOKRIM) charged Jon
Johansen for creating software called DeCSS in 1999 when he was 15 years
"Johansen shouldn't be prosecuted for breaking into his own property," said
Robin Gross, staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF).
"Jon simply wanted to view his own DVDs on his Linux machine."
"Although prosecutors in Norway failed to defend the rights of their
citizens against Hollywood's unprecedented demands, we are confident that
neither the Norwegian people nor their justice system will allow this
charge to stand," added EFF Legal Director Cindy Cohn. "The movie studios
have used intellectual property rights to silence scientists, and censor
journalists. Now, they are declaring war on their customers."
Johansen's indictment comes more than two years after the Motion Picture
Association of America (MPAA) initally contacted ?KOKRIM prosecutors to
request a criminal investigation of the Norwegian teen and his father, Per
Johansen, who owned the equipment on which the DeCSS software was posted.
Johansen originally published DeCSS as part of the open source development
project LiVid (Linux Video) in building a DVD player for the Linux
operating system. The MPAA CSS licensing entity, named DVD-CCA, refuses to
license CSS to projects such as LiVid, which is an open source project
collaborating on the Web to build interoperable software tools. LiVid's
independently created DVD player software would compete with the movie
studio monopoly on DVD players while offering more consumer friendly
DeCSS also enables people to exercise their fair use rights with DVD
movies, like fast-forwarding through commercials or copying for educational
In January 2000, Johansen won the prestigious "Karoline Prize" for his
DeCSS software innovation. This national prize is awarded yearly to a
Norwegian high school student with excellent grades who makes a significant
contribution to society outside of school.
?KOKRIM Chief Prosecutor Inger Marie Sunde indicted Johansen, who recently
turned 18, for violating Norwegian Criminal Code section 145(2), which
outlaws breaking into another person's locked property to gain access to
data that one is not entitled to access.
Johansen's prosecution marks the first time the Norwegian government has
attempted to punish individuals for accessing their own property.
Previously, the government used this law only to prosecute those who
violated someone else's secure system, like a bank or telephone company
system, in order to obtain another person's records.
Norwegian prosecutors did not indict Per Johansen, but his son Jon Johansen
could face two years in prison if convicted.
MPAA also requested ?KOKRIM charge Johansen with contributory copyright
infringement; however prosecutors declined. Johansen's trial could start
before summer 2002.
On November 1, 2001, the California Court of Appeal for the 6th District
unanimously overturned a lower court's injunction that banned the
publication of DeCSS on trade secret grounds, citing the First Amendment
rights of individuals to independently obtain or derive information claimed
to be a trade secret by DVD-CCA.
In another legal case to outlaw DeCSS, brought under U.S. federal law, the
2nd Circuit Court of Appeals in New York recently upheld a lower court's
ruling that ordered 2600 Magazine to remove DeCSS from its online
publication, including hyperlinks. Jon Johansen provided testimony in the
2600 Magazine case.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) will continue to handle both of
these U.S. DeCSS cases and is determining its role in the Johansen case.
Additional information on Johansen case:
Jon Johansen's testimony at the 2600 Magazine trial in New York under the
DMCA (July 20, 2000):
Declaration of Jon Bing, Norwegian legal expert on lack of legal precedent
in Norway to support ?KOKRIM's indictment (filed in California DeCSS trade
secrets case):
Additional information on DVD CCA cases:
About EFF:
The Electronic Frontier Foundation is the leading civil liberties
organization working to protect rights in the digital world. Founded in
1990, EFF actively encourages and challenges industry and government to
support free expression, privacy, and openness in the information society.
EFF is a member-supported organization and maintains one of the most
linked-to Web sites in the world:
  Robin Gross, EFF Intellectual Property Attorney
  robin at eff.org
  +1 415-436-9333 x112
Cindy Cohn, EFF Legal Director
  cindy at eff.org
  +1 415-436-9333 x108
- end -
Search:  Go   Go
Please send any questions or comments to webmaster at eff.org.

@_date: 2002-01-10 18:10:33
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Norway Cracks Down on DVD Hacker 
Norway Cracks Down on DVD Hacker
By Declan McCullagh
11:20 a.m. Jan. 10, 2002 PST
WASHINGTON -- Jon Johansen, a Norwegian teen hacker, has been indicted for
allegedly bypassing DVD anti-copying technology.
On Thursday, newspapers in Norway reported that prosecutors in Oslo have
charged Johansen, 18, for violating the country's computer hacking laws in
Aftenposten Nettutgaven reported that the "white collar crime unit" has
indicted Johansen on charges of "violating a computer security system."
See also:
Code-Breakers Go to Court
Hollywood Loves Hollings' Bill
Law Prof Cajoles Dmitry Allies
SDMI Code-Breaker Speaks Freely
Dutch Cryptographer Cries Foul
Copyright Law Foes Lose Big
Everybody's got issues in Politics
A spokesman for the Norwegian embassy said the decision to indict Johansen
"was done as a precautionary measure." The spokesman said it could lead to
six months in jail if Johansen gained illegitimate access to data, and "up
to two years in prison for having caused damage by gaining such access or
for having done so with a financial motivation."
Johansen became an Internet icon two years ago, after he and two other
programmers wrote the DeCSS (download) utility that unwraps the copy
protection found on DVDs. They wanted a way to watch movies on their Linux
computers -- the DVD consortium had not released software to do it -- but
DeCSS can also be used in the piracy of DVDs.
That enraged the movie studios who belong to the Motion Picture Association
of America. They sued a U.S. website that distributed DeCSS, and won a
stunning victory last November when a federal appeals court ruled that the
utility violated the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Johansen testified at the trial in New York City. He said in July 2000 that
he and two other programmers had created the DeCSS utility, and that he was
a member of the Masters of Reverse Engineering hacking group.
The lawsuit cemented Johansen's status as a cause c?lebre. In January 2000
officials from Norway's Department of Economic Crime hauled Johansen to a
local police station for questioning.
The lad was never imprisoned, but the idea of a programmer being
interrogated -- and having his home searched and computers seized for what
amounts to a clever hack -- seemed to symbolize, to many in the community,
corporate arrogance and police power gone too far. At LinuxWorld 2000,
Johansen fans passed out bumper stickers that read "Free Jon Johansen."
Johansen reportedly has been charged with violating section 145(2) of the
Norwegian Criminal Code. It's a typical anti-hacker law, punishing "any
person who by breaking a protective device or in a similar manner,
unlawfully obtains access to data or programs which are stored or
transferred by electronic or other technical means."
It's not clear how section 145(2) applies to writing a DVD-decryption utility.
In an essay, Norwegian law professor Jon Bing says it's uncertain whether
the law applies "to a situation where someone breaks a code or other
security measure in order to access material on a device of which that
person is the owner."
Bing said: "The question is, in academic legal terms, 'interesting,' and
one may argue that the uncertainty itself may be something which one would
like to settle through a test case."
The U.S. DVD Copy Control Association and the Norwegian Motion Picture
Association lobbied for the prosecution of Johansen and his father, Per
In a letter to the chief prosecutor of the economic crime unit, the groups
said "we hereby report the above-named persons for possible violation of
the criminal law section 145 and the intellectual property law."
Related Wired Links:
Copyright Law Foes Lose Big
Nov. 29, 2001
Hollywood Loves Hollings' Bill
Sep. 11, 2001
Sklyarov, Boss Plead Not Guilty
Aug. 30, 2001
Law Prof Cajoles Dmitry Allies
Aug. 29, 2001
Pentagon Hides Behind Onion Wraps
Aug. 17, 2001
SDMI Code-Breaker Speaks Freely
Aug. 16, 2001
Dutch Cryptographer Cries Foul
Aug. 15, 2001
Sklyarov: A Huge Sigh of Release
Aug. 7, 2001
Code-Breakers Go to Court
June 6, 2001
Copyright ? 1994-2001 Wired Digital Inc. All rights reserved.
     ? Lycos Worldwide 	? Copyright 2001, Lycos, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.  Lycos? is a registered trademark of Carnegie Mellon University.
     About Terra Lycos | Help | Feedback | Jobs | Advertise | Business
     Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Lycos Network
Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions

@_date: 2002-01-14 09:23:10
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Hiding Sensitive Data Can Be Tough in a Digital Age 
January 14, 2002
Hiding Sensitive Data Can Be Tough in a Digital Age
By JOHN MARKOFF
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 13 - The modern task of successfully destroying
electronic documents has become daunting enough to give Oliver North
Mr. North is the Marine officer who became notorious during the Reagan-era
Iran-contra scandal after it was discovered he had tried to delete
thousands of e-mail messages, only to discover that they had been retained
on backup tapes and made available to Congressional investigators.
The issue of the destruction and possible retrieval of electronic data
burst into the news last week after Arthur Andersen & Company, the auditors
for the Enron Corporation (news/quote), said that the accounting firm had
destroyed a "significant but undetermined" number of documents relating to
Enron and its finances.
The embarrassing acknowledgment set off new demands from Congress that
Andersen produce a wide range of documents, including e-mail and other
computer files for investigators.
Today, Mr. North's efforts would be vastly more complicated because of
changing computer technologies and the emergence of the Internet, which has
ensured that there will be multiple copies of almost any electronic
"Today documents aren't just stored. They're sent," said Mark Rasch, a
former federal prosecutor who is vice president for cyberlaw at Predictive
Systems (news/quote), a network security consulting firm based in Herndon,
Va. Even though many companies have general procedural rules that require
the periodic deletion of e- mail, he noted, messages can usually be
"The sender and the recipient may have the message on their machine, in
addition to the server where it was stored," he said. "Unless there is a
tool used to remove it using military-grade technology, it can be
Most computer-literate office workers now realize that simply deleting an
e-mail message or moving a document onto the trash icon on their computer's
desktop screen does not eliminate the data.
That is because modern computers organize information by using file-system
directories that point to physical areas on a disk drive where the data
resides. "Deleting" the information usually only breaks the link between
the directory and the data so that the original storage space can be reused
in the future.
To eliminate important data, some companies and individuals use software
tools that try to "wipe" files from storage disks by writing random strings
of 1's and 0's over the space where the files were stored. Others will use
programs that "defragment" disks by moving information around on the
surface of the disk so that data can be retrieved more efficiently, which
can also write over old data. Or they can reformat the drives entirely.
What most computer users do not realize, however, is that the world of
computer forensics has made huge strides in recent years, and it is now
remarkably difficult to hide data from a determined investigator.
"Computer forensics is going to play an important role in recovering
documents in the Enron case," said John Patzakis, president and general
counsel of Guidance software, a company in Pasadena, Calif., that makes
hardware and software used by law enforcement authorities as well as the
Big Five accounting firms.
Every action taken by a computer user leaves a telltale trail, he said, so
the act of deleting documents can itself be revealing.
"Not only can computer forensic techniques recover documents, but they can
inform investigators when and how they were deleted," he said. "It is often
possible to determine if a deletion is an innocent act pursuant to a
corporate policy or if there is an ulterior motive." Even more remarkable,
technical means exist to retrieve data that has been erased.
It is possible to take a disk apart and use an electron microscope to read
information from the individual magnetic spots on the surface of a disk
that may have been intentionally erased, Mr. Patzakis said.
Originally a tool of the intelligence world, this technique - which is
costly - has been used successfully in big legal cases.

@_date: 2002-01-14 09:26:35
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Web Security Company Takes No Prisoners 
January 14, 2002
Web Security Company Takes No Prisoners
By CHRISTINE BLANK
s a former airborne infantry officer in the Army, Clarence Briggs was
trained to protect the country from foreign enemies.
Now, he is using those specialized skills to protect his company, Advanced
Internet Technologies, from hackers, competitors and disgruntled employees.
Surrounding the company's property in Fayetteville, N.C., is coiled razor
wire atop a six-foot chain-link fence. The buildings have eight-inch- thick
concrete walls and are patrolled by uniformed guards with ready access to
firearms. Mr. Briggs explained that he did not want competitors to steal
server computers or data - something he said he had seen at other companies
that like his, serve as hosts for client's Web sites.
Mr. Briggs, who founded the privately held company six years ago along with
other former military people, has also installed video cameras, created
password access to secured areas, locked sensitive documents in a vault and
insisted on extensive employee background checks.
He said such measures were necessary to protect the 32,000 Web sites the
company operates for companies based in this country and abroad.
"Security must absolutely pervade an organization, especially an I.T.
organization," Mr. Briggs said, using an abbreviation for information
technology. "Most I.T. organizations don't even know how bad they get hurt
- until it's too late."
He says that the company, which is generally known as A.I.T., deals with
several attempted network hacker attacks a day.
Fortifications include A.I.T.'s custom-made firewall software, vigilant
surveillance by the staff - most of whom are military veterans with
extensive technical training.
"If I catch you, no expense is too great for me to come after you, and I
will make your life miserable," Mr. Briggs, a former major, said. The
A.I.T. team tracks down perpetrators, then either phones them or sends
representatives from the company or local law enforcement agencies to warn
against further attempts.
"We employ a lot of little traps to track folks that access our network,"
Mr. Briggs said. "We use the typical ambush techniques."
The company is so confident of its preparedness that it plans to offer a
security service for corporations this spring. The program, Mr. Briggs
said, will be modeled on A.I.T.'s mix of physical and electronic security,
along with a "rapid deployment team" that can be quickly dispatched to deal
with security breaches.

@_date: 2002-01-14 13:53:45
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: From epayments news 
Status:  U
Fujitsu Transaction Solutions Inc. will unveil a new handheld computer next
week designed for retailers. The Fujitsu iPAD, a compact, Microsoft Windows
CE .NET-based mobile device, available in mid-2002, will combine a scanner,
magnetic- and smart-card reader, keypad with encryption capabilities, and
phone capability. The devices are intended to give retailers a complete,
wireless retail appliance. iPAD can be used for inventory management, debit
transactions, price verifications, phone calls, line busting, mobile POS
and gift registry. The product uses an Intel processor and can support any
802.11b wireless LAN infrastructure. With 'Windows CE .NET', iPAD will
support both XML and VoIP.
802.11b capable as well as a magstripe reader?  Perfect retail device for
skimmers don't you think?
(PS If you do forward this, zap my name OK?)
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-14 15:09:01
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: True Names reviewed on /. 
Status:  U
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at lne.com
'michael' has reviewed "True Names and The
Opening of the Cyberspace Frontier" over on
slashdot. I won't discuss the review or the book
in detail other than to say that the book should
be considered Required Reading, and the review
is also good.
michael has this to say about our Resident
"Timothy May, who is perhaps best
known for his ranting posts about crypto anarchy,
has a lengthy and astonishingly well-written essay
titled "True Nyms and Crypto Anarchy". The
essay reads as if an editor with a firm hand
extracted most of May's characteristic wild-eyed
prose and yet kept the insightful ideas behind it - if
only all of his writing was like this essay. It's a
great introduction to what May means by "crypto
anarchy". May is one of the most optimistic writers
in the book, and he, as well as the other writers,
believe that we are at a fork: either we'll move
toward a surveillance state, or toward what May
calls an anarcho-capitalist state, but the middle
ground is unstable - we'll end up at one extreme or
the other. May believes we're already firmly on
the road toward anarcho-crypto-utopia."
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and
CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If
you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or
information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender.
Thank You.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-15 07:28:15
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: RAND Book; Networks and Netwars: The Future of Terror, Crime, and 
The book in .pdf: News from RAND
Contact: John Warren
Tel: 310-393-0411, ext. 6293
Fax: 310-451-6996
Email: jwarren at rand.org
1700 Main Street
P.O. Box 2138
Santa Monica, CA 90407-2138
1200 South Hayes Street
Arlington VA 22202-5050
The Growing Power of Networks
The tragic events of September 11th made brutally clear that the fight for
the future is not between the armies of leading states, nor are its weapons
those of conventional armed forces. Rather, today's combatants come from
terrorist groups like Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda, or drug smuggling cartels
like those ravaging Colombia and Mexico. On the positive side are
non-violent, civil-society activists fighting for the environment,
democracy and human rights. What all have in common is that they operate in
small, dispersed units that can deploy nimbly-anywhere, anytime. They know
how to penetrate and disrupt, as well as elude and evade. They all feature
network forms of organization, doctrine, strategy, and technology attuned
to the information age. And, from al-Qaeda to the Intifadah to the drug
war, they are proving very hard to beat...
Networks and Netwars: The Future of Terror, Crime, and Militancy, by John
Arquilla and David F. Ronfeldt, Editors, (RAND, 2001) examines this new
spectrum of conflict emerging in the wake of the information revolution.
Netwar includes conflicts waged, on the one hand, by terrorists, criminals,
gangs, and ethnic extremists; and by civil-society activists (such as cyber
activists or WTO protestors) on the other. What distinguishes netwar is the
networked organizational structure of its practitioners-with many groups
actually being leaderless-and their quickness in coming together in
swarming attacks.
Completed shortly before terrorists attacked New York and Washington, the
volume includes an Afterword analyzing the Attack on America. The events of
September 11, 2001, tragically reinforced Arquilla and Ronfeldt's
conclusion that in order to confront this new type of conflict, it is
crucial for governments, military, and law enforcement to begin networking
"Just as a half century ago, researchers at RAND sought to understand the
profound changes in strategy brought about by nuclear weapons and
intercontinental ballistic missiles," says Brian Michael Jenkins, one of
the world's foremost experts on terrorism and crime, "Arquilla and Ronfeldt
explore the strategic implications of new information technologies in the
latest installment of their seminal work... Networks and Netwars obliges us
to think in new ways."
In Networks and Netwars, the editors and their colleagues examine the major
instances of netwar that have occurred over the past several years-from
Osama bin Laden's networked terrorists to the Battle of Seattle's social
activists-and find, among other things, that netwars have generally been
successful from the protagonists' perspective.
The authors also find that, despite their diversity, all networks built for
waging netwar may be analyzed in terms of a common analytic framework.
There are five critical levels of theory and practice: the technological,
social, narrative, organizational, and doctrinal levels. A netwar actor
must get all five right to be fully effective. The most potent netwarriors
will not only be highly networked and have the capacity for mounting
"swarming" attacks, they will also be held together by strong social ties,
have secure communications technologies, and project a common "story" about
why they are together and what they need to do. Like Osama Bin Laden's
al-Qaeda, these are the most serious adversaries. But even those networks
that are weak on some levels may pose stiff challenges to their
nation-state adversaries.
With this in mind, it is necessary to go beyond simply diagnosing the
nature of the networked nonstate opponent in a given conflict. "A
particular challenge for the cumbersome American bureaucracy will be to
encourage deep, all-channel networking among the military, law enforcement,
and intelligence elements whose collaboration is crucial for achieving
success," Arquilla and Ronfeldt explain in the Afterword. "U.S. agencies
have been headed in this direction for years-in the areas of
counter-narcotics as well as counterterrorism-but interagency rivalries and
distrust have too often slowed progress."
Writers who focus on the technological aspects of netwar often miss the
point. As the editors point out, "At its heart, Netwar is far more about
organization and doctrine than it is about technology. The outcomes of
current and future netwars are bound to confirm this."
Nathan Gardels, editor of New Perspectives Quarterly, and author of The
Changing Global Order, says "Arquilla and Ronfeldt are a rare breed:
strategic thinkers of the information age. In Networks and Netwars they
grasp an emerging reality still lost on those preoccupied with the
geostrategic balance of power: War in the future will be waged by
leaderless networks that can come together quickly out of cyberspace to
'swarm' an opponent. Like few others, they recognize that the flipside of
the celebrated global civil society born of the Internet is the 'uncivil
society' of terrorists and criminals who will use the same means to spread
havoc and instability."
"Rushing into an increasingly complex world, we need ways to probe the road
ahead, to find the quicksand and pitfalls before falling in," says David
Brin, author of The Postman, Earth, and The Transparent Society: Will
Technology Force Us to Choose Between Privacy and Freedom? "Arquilla and
Ronfeldt have taken on this hard task, searching for technological threats
to a society that has grown reliant on data-based infrastructure... In this
collection of cogent articles, by experts in the field of netwar, they
clarify some of the dangers that await us-and reveal possible ways to avoid
them. It's obviously an important and seminal work. I especially like their
analysis of the key features that enable groups to be effective in this new
arena of conflict."
Contents: Summary ? The Advent of Netwar (Revisited) (John Arquilla and
David Ronfeldt) ? The Networking of Terror (Michele Zanini, Sean J.A.
Edwards) ? Transnational Criminal Networks (Phil Williams) ? Gangs,
Hooligans, and Anarchists (John P. Sullivan) ? Networking Dissent: Cyber
Activists Promote Democracy in Burma (Tiffany Danitz, Warren P. Strobel) ?
Emergence and Influence of the Zapatista Social Netwar (Ronfeldt, Arquilla)
? Netwar in the Emerald City: WTO Protest (Paul de Armond) ? Activism,
Hacktivism, and Cyberterrorism (Dorothy E. Denning) ? The Structure of
Social Movements: Environmental Activism (Luther P. Gerlach) ? What Next
for Networks and Netwars (Ronfeldt, Arquilla) ? Afterword (September 2001)
(Arquilla, Ronfeldt)
About the Editors:
John Arquilla is associate professor of defense analysis at the Naval
Postgraduate School and a consultant to RAND.
David Ronfeldt is a senior social scientist working in the International
Policy and Security Group at RAND. Their publications include In Athena's
Camp: Preparing for Conflict in the Information Age (RAND, 1997), The
Zapatista "Social Netwar" in Mexico (RAND, 1998), The Emergence of
Noopolitik (RAND, 1999), and Swarming and the Future of Conflict (RAND,
2000). They are also co-authors of numerous titles, including Countering
the New Terrorism (RAND, 1999).
About the Contributors:
Paul de Armond is director of the Public Good Project, a research and
education network based in Washington State that studies militant movements.
Tiffany Danitz is a journalist and a staff writer for stateline.org, an
on-line news service that covers politics in the state legislatures.
Earlier, she wrote extensively about national and international politics as
a staff writer for Insight Magazine and The Washington Times.
Dorothy Denning is professor of computer science at Georgetown University
and author of Cryptography and Data Security and Information Warfare and
Sean Edwards is a doctoral fellow at the RAND Graduate School and author of
Swarming on the Battlefield: Past, Present, Future.
Luther Gerlach is professor emeritus of anthropology at the University of
Minnesota. He is co-author of People, Power, Change: Movements of Social
Transformation and has written numerous articles on social movements and
environmental risks.
Warren Strobel is a journalist who has worked at The Washington Times, U.S.
News and World Report, and is currently with the Knight Ridder News
Service. He has written widely about international affairs.
John Sullivan is a sergeant with the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department. A
specialist in terrorism, conflict disaster, urban operations, and police
studies, he is editor of Transit Policing and cofounder of the Terrorism
Early Warning (TEW) Group.
Phil Williams is professor of international affairs at the University of
Pittsburgh and director of the Ridgway Center for International and
Security Studies. He is a leading authority on transnational criminal
Michele Zanini is a doctoral fellow at the RAND Graduate School and has
written about information-age terrorism, NATO strategy in the Balkans and
Mediterranean, and European defense planning.
Networks and Netwars: The Future of Terror, Crime and Militancy
John Arquilla and David Ronfeldt, Editors
380 pages ? paperback ? ISBN: 0-8330-3030-2 ? $25.00
PUBLICATION DATE: November 2001
Available at bookstores; from National Book Network (800) 462-6420; or
directly from RAND. Call RAND at (310) 451-7002, or toll free (877)
584-8642 in the U.S. Website:

@_date: 2002-01-15 10:22:39
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Workshop on Economics and Information Security 
Workshop on Economics and Information Security
University of California, Berkeley
May 16-17, 2002
Do we spend enough on keeping `hackers' out of our computer systems? Do we
not spend enough? Or do we spend too much?
Many system security failures occur not so much for technical reasons but
because of failures of organisation and motivation. For example, the person
or company best placed to protect a system may be insufficiently motivated
to do so, because the costs of system failure fall on others. Such perverse
incentives raise many issues best discussed using economic concepts such as
externalities, asymmetric information, adverse selection and moral hazard.
They are becoming increasingly important now that information security
mechanisms are not merely used to protect against malicious attacks, but
also to protect monopolies, differentiate products and segment markets.
There are also interesting security issues raised by industry
monopolization and the accompanying reduction in product heterogenity. For
these and other reasons, the confluence between information security and
economics is of growing importance.
We are organising the first workshop on the topic, to be held in the School
of Information Management and Systems at the University of California,
Berkeley, on the 16th and 17th May 2002. In order to keep the event
informal and interactive, attendance will be limited to about 30-35
participants. If you would like to participate, please send us a position
paper (of 1-2 pages) by the 31st March 2002.
We welcome interest not just from economists and information security
professionals, but from people with relevant experience, such as in the
insurance industry, corporate risk management, or law enforcement agencies.
Program committee:
*	Hal Varian (program co-chair)
*	Ross Anderson	(program co-chair)
*	Doug Tygar (general chair)
*	Jean Camp
*	Li Gong
*	Larry Gordon
*	Marty Loeb
*	Andrew Odlyzko
*	Bruce Schneier
Position papers and expressions of interest should be sent to either
co-chair - Hal Varian hal at sims.berkeley.edu or Ross Anderson
ross.anderson at cl.cam.ac.uk

@_date: 2002-01-16 08:29:02
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: [ISN] Wireless LANs: Trouble in the Air 
Status:  U
Reply-To: InfoSec News By BOB BREWIN, DAN VERTON AND JENNIFER DISABATINO
January 14, 2002
As the airline industry scrambles to meet a Jan. 18 deadline to screen
every checked bag for explosives, security experts, analysts and
government officials are raising serious concerns about the security
of wireless technology that's integral to the effort.
At issue is the adoption by airlines of industry-standard 802.11b, or
WiFi, wireless LANs operating in the 2.4-GHz band. These systems,
which are widely viewed as inherently insecure, are being used to
support such applications as bag matching and curbside and
roving-agent check-in.
The concerns appear to be justified, based on two investigations that
were conducted last week by professional security firms that analyzed
airline wireless LAN systems at Denver International Airport and San
Jose International Airport.
The analysis in Denver was conducted Jan. 9 by White Hat Technologies
Inc., a Westminster, Colo.-based security firm. It revealed that
American Airlines Inc. operated wireless LANs totally in the clear
without any encryption in its portion of the DIA terminal.
The vulnerability of the American Airlines wireless LAN networks was
highlighted by the fact that the security specialists witnessed an
intrusion while conducting their monitoring. According to a report
furnished to Computerworld, security of the wireless LANs supporting
Fort Worth, Texas-based American's curbside check-in stands was
further compromised by the fact that the IP address of the curbside
terminal was prominently pasted on the monitor.
Except for an administrative network operated by the Denver
International Airport authority itself, none of the networks monitored
by the security specialists had turned on even the simplest form of
encryption: the 40-bit Wired Equivalent Privacy encryption algorithm.
Thubten Comerford, CEO of White Hat Technologies, said airlines that
operate unprotected 802.11b wireless networks "are putting themselves
and our nation's security at risk." Even when encryption is enabled,
wireless LANs "are a serious liability," Comerford added.
A scan of wireless networks at San Jose International Airport on Jan.
10 produced similar results. Jonas Luster, co-founder of D-fensive
Networks Inc. in Campbell, Calif., which conducted the analysis in San
Jose, said the wireless LANs there had few safeguards against
Luster said he was easily able to pick up signals and sensitive
network information emanating from the wireless LANs belonging to
American Airlines and Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. American's
curbside check-in operations could be monitored, Luster said, and
Southwest's networks were issuing information from back-end systems,
including at least three Unix servers running the Solaris operating
RIP Weakness
"In a matter of minutes, you could sniff out whatever you wanted,"
said Luster, who added that the routing infrastructure at both
airlines was open to exploitation. Routing Information Protocol (RIP),
a high-level language that transmits routing updates at regular
intervals, can be modified easily to assist a hacker, said Luster. "By
injecting a wrong RIP response, I could declare myself a legitimate,
authoritative, powerful node on the network," said Luster.
Although American acknowledged the vulnerability of the 802.11b
standard, it downplayed the seriousness of the situation.
"This particular issue is a very temporary one and a very
noncompromising one," said American CIO Monte Ford. American is
already on track to roll out a proprietary security system to replace
802.11b well before an industry-standard improvement is adopted, Ford
said. And he added that even if a hacker was able to locate passwords,
he would still be unable to access applications and databases. "A
password is not a free ticket to our network, by any stretch of the
imagination," he said. "They can just see points on the network. They
can't get into applications."
Ford said American doesn't plan to use positive bag matching to meet
the Jan. 18 deadline Congress has set for the airlines to implement
some means of screening all checked baggage. It does plan to start
using a bag-matching system later this year, Ford added.
American Airlines' visibility is at least partly attributable to the
fact that it has been ahead of the curve in wireless LAN deployment.
Delta Air Lines Inc., United Air Lines Inc. and Southwest Airlines all
declined to comment for this story, citing security concerns.
Northwest Airlines Inc. and Continental Airlines Inc. didn't return
calls seeking comment by deadline. In any case, there appears to be no
coordinated effort among the airlines to address wireless security
For its part, American currently uses its wireless LANs only for
curbside check-in and roving agents, and Ford said that even if
intruders penetrated the network, they could do little damage. That's
because American's core systems are hosted by Fort Worth, Texas-based
Sabre Inc. on an IBM transaction processing facility (TPF) system
that's generally viewed as extremely difficult to hack because of the
rigid and arcane structure of TPF.
"It's not possible that you could get into the kinds of things that
could do damage," said Richard Eastman, an airline industry consultant
at Newport Beach, Calif.-based The Eastman Group.
The TPF-based reservation system is a deep matrix, with passwords
embedded in each level, explained Michael Anderson, director of
airport systems at Sabre.
But that doesn't satisfy Joe Weiss, vice president of the network
applications division at Annapolis, Md.-based Aeronautical Radio Inc.
(Arinc), a communications services provider owned by a consortium of
airlines. Weiss said he's concerned that a hacker could use an
unprotected wireless LAN to hop into core airline operational systems.
These systems include flight operations, bag matching and passenger
reservations. Flight operations systems manage such vital functions as
refueling, maintenance and flight dispatch, Weiss said.
Weiss expressed concern that access to a bag-matching system could
allow an attacker to manipulate the system to show that luggage
belonged to a boarded passenger when in fact it did not. This concern
is one reason Arinc plans to abandon the 802.11b-based bag-matching
system it operates as a shared resource system for all carriers with
international flights at San Francisco International Airport. Arinc
said it will switch to a private wireless system operating in the
800-MHz band. That system will be based on Integrated Digital Enhanced
Network (IDEN) voice and data terminals developed by Schaumburg,
Ill.-based Motorola Inc.
IDEN provides more robust security than wireless LANs, Weiss said,
including software keys for each terminal. Arinc plans to encrypt the
network traffic as well.
Presidential Concerns
The security weakness of wireless LANs used throughout the nation's
critical industries, including airlines, hasn't gone unnoticed at high
levels of the Bush administration. A senior White House official said
wireless security initiatives are at the top of the 2002 agenda for
the president's newly established Critical Infrastructure Protection
Board. At least one white paper is in development that will examine
wireless LANs and the interconnections between wireless devices and
critical infrastructure systems, such as Federal Aviation
Administration networks.
The U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) and two of its key
agencies?the FAA and the newly formed Transportation Security Agency
(TSA)?plan to take a critical look at wireless LAN security over the
next year. Mike Brown, director of information security at the FAA,
said that in this new security-conscious era, airline wireless systems
are subject to increased scrutiny.
The DOT has formed a "go team," led by Associate CIO Lisa Schlosser,
that will examine existing airline wireless systems, including LANs.
In partnership with the FAA, the TSA and private industry, it will
develop security standards and define a general wireless architecture,
Brown said.
Though American Airlines downplayed the vulnerability of its wireless
networks in San Jose and Denver, some security analysts viewed the
potential threat as significant and symptomatic of the airline
industry's failure to properly address network security.
James Foster, a senior consultant and researcher at Guardent Inc., a
security firm in Waltham, Mass., has conducted several wireless
security audits during the past year that have uncovered significant
vulnerabilities in and around major airport facilities, including John
F. Kennedy International Airport in New York and Boston's Logan
International Airport.
"Possible baggage system vulnerabilities do not surprise me," said
Foster. "This is a serious problem that puts lives and the U.S.
infrastructure at risk."
Although he wouldn't provide details about specific airlines, Foster's
wireless security audits have shown that a skilled hacker with the
right software tools would need only seconds to conduct a detailed
reconnaissance of an airline's wireless network.
"Most of the time these [wireless systems] are tied to back-end
systems," Foster said. Regardless of how arcane or proprietary those
networks may be, "it's only a matter of time until somebody figures
out how it works, how it communicates and how people authenticate," he
said. "It would take no more than an hour to figure out how the system
ISN is currently hosted by Attrition.org
To unsubscribe email majordomo at attrition.org with 'unsubscribe isn' in the BODY
of the mail.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-17 07:53:54
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Bill's Bull: Digital Commerce is Financial Cryptography 
Okay, he might has well have said it... ;-).
MS' highest priority must be security - Billg
By Thomas C Greene in Washington
Posted: 17/01/2002 at 09:05 GMT
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has finally noodled out the fact that his
precious .NET initiative is never going to fly if the company continues
turning out insecure products. Therefore, in a long-winded bull to all
Microserfs issued Wednesday, Billg finally admits that the company has
wrongly emphasized whistles and bells over security, and decrees that this
shall change.
"In the past, we've made our software and services more compelling for
users by adding new features and functionality, and by making our platform
richly extensible," Gates writes.
And then he reveals the epiphany he's had: "We've done a terrific job at
that, but all those great features won't matter unless customers trust our
Hallelujah. He's finally arrived on the same page as the rest of the
computing world. And he claims that things are henceforth going to be
different in Redmond.
"So now, when we face a choice between adding features and resolving
security issues, we need to choose security."
Sounds great, but then he goes completely off the rails: "A good example of
this is the change we made in Outlook to avoid email borne viruses."
Hello? Earth to Bill -- it took years of grinding public humiliation for MS
to make a simple modification preventing malicious executables from
launching automatically in Outlook. If this is Gates' idea of a security
job well done, then all we have here is another PR smokescreen.
But we'll leave that for you to decide. Below is the declaration in full.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tuesday, January 15, 2002 5:22 PM
Every few years I have sent out a memo talking about the highest priority
for Microsoft. Two years ago, it was the kickoff of our .NET strategy.
Before that, it was several memos about the importance of the Internet to
our future and the ways we could make the Internet truly useful for people.
Over the last year it has become clear that ensuring .NET is a platform for
Trustworthy Computing is more important than any other part of our work. If
we don't do this, people simply won't be willing -- or able -- to take
advantage of all the other great work we do. Trustworthy Computing is the
highest priority for all the work we are doing. We must lead the industry
to a whole new level of Trustworthiness in computing.
When we started work on Microsoft .NET more than two years ago, we set a
new direction for the company -- and articulated a new way to think about
our software. Rather than developing standalone applications and Web sites,
today we're moving towards smart clients with rich user interfaces
interacting with Web services. We're driving the XML Web services standards
so that systems from all vendors can share information, while working to
make Windows the best client and server for this new era.
There is a lot of excitement about what this architecture makes possible.
It allows the dreams about e-business that have been hyped over the last
few years to become a reality. It enables people to collaborate in new
ways, including how they read, communicate, share annotations, analyze
information and meet.
However, even more important than any of these new capabilities is the fact
that it is designed from the ground up to deliver Trustworthy Computing.
What I mean by this is that customers will always be able to rely on these
systems to be available and to secure their information. Trustworthy
Computing is computing that is as available, reliable and secure as
electricity, water services and telephony.
Today, in the developed world, we do not worry about electricity and water
services being available. With telephony, we rely both on its availability
and its security for conducting highly confidential business transactions
without worrying that information about who we call or what we say will be
compromised. Computing falls well short of this, ranging from the
individual user who isn't willing to add a new application because it might
destabilize their system, to a corporation that moves slowly to embrace
e-business because today's platforms don't make the grade.
The events of last year -- from September's terrorist attacks to a number
of malicious and highly publicized computer viruses -- reminded every one
of us how important it is to ensure the integrity and security of our
critical infrastructure, whether it's the airlines or computer systems.
Computing is already an important part of many people's lives. Within ten
years, it will be an integral and indispensable part of almost everything
we do. Microsoft and the computer industry will only succeed in that world
if CIOs, consumers and everyone else sees that Microsoft has created a
platform for Trustworthy Computing.
Every week there are reports of newly discovered security problems in all
kinds of software, from individual applications and services to Windows,
Linux, Unix and other platforms. We have done a great job of having teams
work around the clock to deliver security fixes for any problems that
arise. Our responsiveness has been unmatched -- but as an industry leader
we can and must do better. Our new design approaches need to dramatically
reduce the number of such issues that come up in the software that
Microsoft, its partners and its customers create. We need to make it
automatic for customers to get the benefits of these fixes. Eventually, our
software should be so fundamentally secure that customers never even worry
about it.
No Trustworthy Computing platform exists today. It is only in the context
of the basic redesign we have done around .NET that we can achieve this.
The key design decisions we made around .NET include the advances we need
to deliver on this vision. Visual Studio .NET is the first multi-language
tool that is optimized for the creation of secure code, so it is a key
foundation element.
I've spent the past few months working with Craig Mundie's group and others
across the company to define what achieving Trustworthy Computing will
entail, and to focus our efforts on building trust into every one of our
products and services. Key aspects include:
Availability: Our products should always be available when our customers
need them. System outages should become a thing of the past because of a
software architecture that supports redundancy and automatic recovery.
Self-management should allow for service resumption without user
intervention in almost every case.
Security: The data our software and services store on behalf of our
customers should be protected from harm and used or modified only in
appropriate ways. Security models should be easy for developers to
understand and build into their applications.
Privacy: Users should be in control of how their data is used. Policies for
information use should be clear to the user. Users should be in control of
when and if they receive information to make best use of their time. It
should be easy for users to specify appropriate use of their information
including controlling the use of email they send.
Trustworthiness is a much broader concept than security, and winning our
customers' trust involves more than just fixing bugs and achieving
"five-nines" availability. It's a fundamental challenge that spans the
entire computing ecosystem, from individual chips all the way to global
Internet services. It's about smart software, services and industry-wide
There are many changes Microsoft needs to make as a company to ensure and
keep our customers' trust at every level - from the way we develop
software, to our support efforts, to our operational and business
practices. As software has become ever more complex, interdependent and
interconnected, our reputation as a company has in turn become more
vulnerable. Flaws in a single Microsoft product, service or policy not only
affect the quality of our platform and services overall, but also our
customers' view of us as a company.
In recent months, we've stepped up programs and services that help us
create better software and increase security for our customers. Last fall,
we launched the Strategic Technology Protection Program, making software
like IIS and Windows .NET Server secure by default, and educating our
customers on how to get -- and stay -- secure. The error-reporting features
built into Office XP and Windows XP are giving us a clear view of how to
raise the level of reliability. The Office team is focused on training and
processes that will anticipate and prevent security problems. In December,
the Visual Studio .NET team conducted a comprehensive review of every
aspect of their product for potential security issues. We will be
conducting similarly intensive reviews in the Windows division and
throughout the company in the coming months.
At the same time, we're in the process of training all our developers in
the latest secure coding techniques. We've also published books like
"Writing Secure Code," by Michael Howard and David LeBlanc, which gives all
developers the tools they need to build secure software from the ground up.
In addition, we must have even more highly trained sales, service and
support people, along with offerings such as security assessments and broad
security solutions. I encourage everyone at Microsoft to look at what we've
done so far and think about how they can contribute.
But we need to go much further.
In the past, we've made our software and services more compelling for users
by adding new features and functionality, and by making our platform richly
extensible. We've done a terrific job at that, but all those great features
won't matter unless customers trust our software. So now, when we face a
choice between adding features and resolving security issues, we need to
choose security. Our products should emphasize security right out of the
box, and we must constantly refine and improve that security as threats
evolve. A good example of this is the changes we made in Outlook to avoid
email borne viruses. If we discover a risk that a feature could compromise
someone's privacy, that problem gets solved first. If there is any way we
can better protect important data and minimize downtime, we should focus on
this. These principles should apply at every stage of the development cycle
of every kind of software we create, from operating systems and desktop
applications to global Web services.
Going forward, we must develop technologies and policies that help
businesses better manage ever larger networks of PCs, servers and other
intelligent devices, knowing that their critical business systems are safe
from harm. Systems will have to become self-managing and inherently
resilient. We need to prepare now for the kind of software that will make
this happen, and we must be the kind of company that people can rely on to
deliver it.
This priority touches on all the software work we do. By delivering on
Trustworthy Computing, customers will get dramatically more value out of
our advances than they have in the past. The challenge here is one that
Microsoft is uniquely suited to solve.

@_date: 2002-01-17 08:52:01
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Bill's Bull, Part 3 
January 17, 2002
Microsoft Makes Software Safety a Top Goal
By JOHN MARKOFF
AN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 - Seeking to remove the tarnish from Microsoft
(news/quote)'s reputation for developing secure and reliable software,
Microsoft's chairman, Bill Gates, distributed a companywide memorandum on
Tuesday to call on employees to put more emphasis on making the company's
products "trustworthy."
The new emphasis on making software safe from malicious intruders will
include stopping the development of new operating system software for the
entire month of February and sending the company's 7,000 systems
programmers to special security training.
The company also plans to re-examine all of its Windows operating system
code in an effort to find security flaws.
Microsoft executives said the memorandum resembled previous broadsides that
have been fired off by Mr. Gates, the company's co-founder and chairman,
when he thought that the company's strategic direction needed radical
In 1995, for example, Mr. Gates sent a companywide e-mail message exhorting
employees to turn the direction of the Microsoft "battleship" and focus all
the company's efforts on the threat of the Internet to Microsoft's business.
The new memorandum was sent on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Gates was away on one
of his "think weeks," periods when he retreats to consider issues facing
the company.
The document calls on the company's software developers to make fundamental
changes in the balance they strike between adding features to software and
making those programs secure, according to several Microsoft executives.
As the world's largest supplier of personal computer software, Microsoft
has increasingly been criticized in recent years over the design and
security of its products. Last September, for example, a stinging report
from the Gartner consulting firm called on corporations to replace the
Microsoft Internet Information Server, known as I.I.S., immediately because
of successful attacks on the product by several malicious programs, like
the Nimda worm.
"Using Internet-exposed I.I.S. Web servers securely has a high cost of
ownership," the report stated. "Nimda has again shown the high risk of
using I.I.S. and the effort involved in keeping up with Microsoft's
frequent security patches."
Last month the company was again stung when an embarrassing security flaw
was found in a feature known as Universal Plug and Play in Windows XP, its
new operating system.
"The Universal Plug and Play thing was what put me over the edge," said Jim
Allchin, Microsoft's group vice president for operating systems. "I said
enough's enough."
He said the company was trying to change the culture of its software
developers, who have been putting their emphasis on adding features to the
company's software to increase its value.
"Every developer is going to be told not to write any new line of code,"
Mr. Allchin said, "until they have thought out the security implications
for the product."
Microsoft's reordering of its software development priorities comes at a
crucial time for the company, which is trying to compete more directly in
the market for large corporate computers against companies like
International Business Machines (news/quote), the Oracle Corporation
(news/quote) and Sun Microsystems (news/quote).
Last year, Microsoft unveiled its .NET software initiative, which is
intended to make software applications more versatile by letting them share
functions and data over the Internet. Such an approach raises thorny new
security and privacy challenges, and some independent computer security
experts say the company has not yet proved that it can offer high-security
software for these new technologies.
Microsoft is also trying to be the repository and guardian of vast amounts
of personal information as part of its Passport Internet software. Passport
lets a consumer use one log-in name and password at participating Web
sites, and by keeping track of things like credit card numbers, it can also
make it easier for a consumer to make purchases at those sites.
Last year the company began emphasizing "trustworthy computing," said Craig
Mundie, Microsoft's chief technology officer. He said Microsoft planners
had begun working last summer on a framework that focuses on issues like
computer security and data privacy.
After the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, questions about computer security
became crucial as a national policy issue, Mr. Mundie said in a telephone
interview from China, where he is traveling on business.
The company has taken several other steps in an effort to grapple with the
repeated discoveries of security holes in its products, he said.
One example of the new approach will be seen in the way the company will
ship its Internet Information Server Version 6 and the new .NET server to
customers. They will be shipped in a lockdown mode, with features that
raise security issues - like Web access, file sharing and e- mail - turned
off. The computer user will have the option of turning on functions like
Last month, Mr. Mundie said, the company delayed the final release of its
.NET development system, Visual Studio .Net, while it did a comprehensive
security audit.
Later this year, Mr. Allchin said, Microsoft will change the way it
provides security updates to home users of Windows XP. They will be able to
choose to get automatic security updates from Microsoft as the company
learns of potential problems.

@_date: 2002-01-17 14:32:50
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Horseman Number 3: Osama Used 40 bits 
I wonder if he can sue BillG? :-).
Weakened encryption lays bare al-Qaeda files
17:07 17 January 02
Will Knight
Relatively weak encryption appears to have been used to protect files
recovered from two computers believed to have belonged to al-Qaeda
operatives in Afghanistan.
The files were found on a laptop and desktop computer bought by Wall Street
Journal reporters from looters in Kabul a few days after it was captured by
Northern Alliance forces on 13 November. The files provide information
about reconnaissance missions to Europe and the Middle East.
A report in the UK's Independent newspaper indicates that the encryption
used to protect these files had been significantly weakened by US export
restrictions that existed until last year.
The files were reportedly stored using Microsoft's Windows 2000 operating
system and protected from unauthorised access using the Encrypting File
System (EFS), which comes as standard on this platform. They were protected
with a 40-bit Data Encryption Standard (DES), according to the Independent
report. This was the maximum strength encryption allowed for export by US
law until March 2001. All systems are now sold with the standard 128-bit
key encryption, exponentially stronger than 40-bit.
Wall Street Journal reporters say that they decrypted a number of files
using "an array of high-powered computers" to try every possible
combination, or "key" in succession, a process that took five days.
Billions of keys
Brian Gladman, an ex-NATO encryption expert based in the UK, says that
40-bit DES means checking about a billion billion different keys in
succession. This would take the average desktop computer a year, but a
group of powerful machines could perform the feat in a few days, he says.
However, he adds: "If you go much beyond 40 bits it is outside the realm of
But Gladman says the US should not seek to reintroduce controls on the
export of strong encryption products in light of this evidence. He believes
that export controls would not necessarily stop terrorists and could harm
the security of companies outside the US.
"The internet is already vulnerable and if we do not implement strong
encryption, criminals will get away with murder," Gladman told New
Scientist. "Any efforts to prevent the deployment of this technology will
damage us rather than help."
Gladman says that terrorists can rely on far more elementary techniques to
keep information secret and communicate covertly. These include using
secret code words and anonymous internet cafes.
17:07 17 January 02
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 2002-01-17 14:35:25
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Exploding chips could foil laptop thieves 
Exploding chips could foil laptop thieves
19:00 16 January 02
Duncan Graham-Rowe
A new way of making silicon explode could mean anyone trying to use a
stolen laptop or mobile will be confronted by this message: "This machine
is stolen and will self-destruct in ten seconds ... ".
Until now scientists have only managed to make silicon go bang by mixing it
with either liquid oxygen or nitric acid. But Michael Sailor and his
colleagues at the University of California in San Diego have found a way to
blow up silicon chips using an electrical signal.
They say their method could be used to fry circuitry in devices that fall
into the wrong hands. For instance, the American spy plane impounded by
China last year could have used it to destroy its secret electronics
Sailor's team hit upon this new way of exploding silicon when they applied
the oxidising chemical gadolinium nitrate to a porous silicon wafer. As
colleague Fred Mikulec used a diamond scribe to split the wafer it blew up
in his face, giving Mikulec the shock of his life. Luckily, only a minute
quantity of silicon was involved so it was a small bang. "It's a bit like a
cap in a cap gun going off," says Sailor.
Fast burn
The gadolinium nitrate used the energy from the diamond scribe to oxidise
the silicon fuel, which burns fast because its crystals have a large
surface area. "The faster the burn, the bigger the bang," explains Sailor.
You would only need a tiny quantity of the chemical to do irreparable
damage to delicate transistors, so it would be cheap and easy to add when
the chips are being made.
In a stolen mobile phone, the network would send a trigger signal to the
part of the chip containing the gadolinium nitrate "detonator", triggering
the explosion. "We have shown that you can store this stuff and detonate it
at will," says Sailor.
Other applications suggested for the technology include testing for toxic
substances in groundwater. The device could be used on the spot to burn
minute samples on a disposable chip and analyse their chemical composition.
Alternatively, it could be used as a fuel supply for microscopic machines
etched onto silicon wafers, says Sailor.
Journal reference: Advanced Materials (vol 14, p 38)
19:00 16 January 02

@_date: 2002-01-18 06:20:43
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: @Stake's Wysopal on Bill's Bull (was re: [ISN] Security gurus 
Status:  U
Reply-To: InfoSec News By Robert Lemos
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
January 17, 2002, 3:45 PM PT
Security experts hope that this time Microsoft really, really means
A memo from Chairman Bill Gates, leaked Wednesday, exhorted Microsoft
employees to make the company's products more secure and stated that a
new initiative, which Gates called "Trustworthy Computing," is now the
software giant's top priority.
The initiative, Gates wrote, aims to make computing and the Internet
"as available, reliable and secure as electricity, water services and
While security experts gave Gates' message high marks, they withheld
judgment on whether Microsoft--which has been pasted by a series of
high-profile security blunders over the past year--can deliver.
"This gives me more hope," said Chris Wysopal, director of research
and development for security company  "Nothing is a cure-all
solution, but when you say we have an organization focused on getting
security into different product groups, that's got to help."
Gates' message comes as Microsoft is betting its future on its .Net
effort, an attempt to give consumers secure, easy and round-the-clock
access to businesses via the Internet. Without better security, the
software titan will have a hard time convincing developers, businesses
and Web users to start using the new services, Wysopal said.
"Because of other (incidents) in the past, they have to make their
software more secure if .Net is going to make it," Wysopal said.
Recent problems with Passport, the Microsoft Network and the company's
Windows Update service--all considered embryonic versions of future
.Net services--have angered consumers and caused security experts to
And past initiatives have not delivered spectacular results, either.
Despite Microsoft's Secure Windows Initiative and its Strategic
Technology Protection Program, the company fell afoul of a major
problem with its flagship Windows XP software. Microsoft has touted XP
as its most secure operating system ever and intends to push it as the
gateway to .Net.
While the company's new focus is welcome, some in the security
community remain cautious. Microsoft--a company found to have abused
its monopoly power--isn't exactly the poster child for
trustworthiness, and some are wary of the new initiative.
"This comes from the same vendor that tried to settle an antitrust
suit by finding a market segment they couldn't penetrate and giving
their product away for free" in that market, said David Dittrich,
senior security engineer at the University of Washington, referring to
recent wrangling over the company's proposed "schools settlement."
In that instance, the company pitched its proposal as a charitable
solution that would provide free software to needy schools. But
competitors characterized the move as an effort to monopolize the
education market.
Similarly, some wonder whether the new security initiative can be
taken at face value. And even if it can, some are concerned it could
wind up having a downside.
Dittrich points to the company's initiatives to hush up the disclosure
of certain information about vulnerabilities in its products and says
that, arguably, such an attitude can aid hackers and run counter to
interests of security.
Security experts and hackers who find bugs in software usually release
the information to the public after notifying the program's creator of
the flaws. However, the security community has long argued about how
much information should be given, since malicious hackers could use
details to write tools to help them break into computers using the
In November, Microsoft and five security companies announced they had
formed a group to create a policy for ethical disclosure of such
"They should want their employees to know as much about a
vulnerability as possible," Dittrich said.
Such apprehensions aside, though, security experts said it's a welcome
signal that Microsoft is now taking security seriously enough to give
it priority over new features.
"It's about time," said Mark Maiffret, chief hacking officer for
network protection company eEye Digital Security. "This is something
that Microsoft and other companies have needed to say for a while:
Security needs to come before features."
eEye discovered the major hole in Microsoft's Web server software that
online vandals used to spread the virulent Code Red worms and a
serious hole in Windows XP that could have been exploited by Internet
attackers to gain control of any person's PC.
"Finally," Maiffret said, "there is a wake-up call out there that
security needs to come first."
ISN is currently hosted by Attrition.org
To unsubscribe email majordomo at attrition.org with 'unsubscribe isn' in the BODY
of the mail.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-19 18:50:51
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: I-P: WHY I LOVE BIOMETRICS BY DOROTHY E. DENNING 
Status:  U
Reply-To: Matthew Gaylor January 2001
SECURITY STRATEGIES FOR E-COMPANIES
WHY I LOVE BIOMETRICS
It is "liveness," not secrecy, that counts.
BY DOROTHY E. DENNING
I'm a big fan of biometrics. I'm tired of trying to remember umpteen
zillion account names and passwords in order to use the computers in
my office, browse my favorite Web sites and update the Web sites I
manage. I long for the day when computers will automatically
recognize me and handle the identification and authentication
function with little effort on my part.
I make lots of security-related presentations, and when I tell all of
this to an audience, someone inevitably asks, "What happens if
someone snatches the biometric print used to validate you? Couldn't
they just replay your biometric and pretend to be you? And wouldn't
that make your biometric useless?"
My response is, "No." A good biometrics system should not depend on
secrecy. To understand why, think about how biometrics work in the
physical world. Your friends and colleagues authenticate you by
recognizing your face, voice, eyes, hands and so on. None of this is
secret. Anyone who interacts with you sees these characteristics.
Even your fingerprints can be lifted from surfaces.
What makes biometrics successful is not secrecy, but rather the
ability to determine "liveness." I can easily distinguish the living,
flesh-and-blood you from a statue or photograph of you, or even
someone wearing a costume and mask that looks like you. If I don't
know you well, I might be fooled by a lookalike, but in the
non-Mission Impossible real world, the system generally works. If I
don't know you at all, I might ask for a photo ID. But I would use
such a photo only because I lack knowledge of your appearance. I
authenticate you by comparing your live face against the photo, not
by comparing one photo against another. For further proof, I may
watch you sign your name and compare the live signature against the
one on your ID card.
The same principle applies in the digital world. Your biometric
prints need not be kept secret, but the validation process must check
for liveness of the readings. Many biometric products work this way.
For instance, the Sensar iris-recognition system from Iridian
Technologies ( looks for the "hippus
movement"-the constant shifting and pulse that takes place in the
eye. The liveness test ensures that the reading is fresh, so an
adversary can't replay a previously recorded reading.
This is the beauty of biometrics. Other forms of user
authentication-including passwords, tokens and encryption-all depend
on protecting a secret or device from theft. Once that secret or
device is compromised, the system fails until a new one is
established. Moreover, these methods typically require users to hold
a different secret with each and every device or service they use,
thereby burdening the user. Imagine if every time you greeted a
friend or colleague, you had to use a new secret handshake!
Testing liveness is reasonably straightforward if the biometrics
reader senses appropriate characteristics and is tightly coupled with
the validation process and database of biometric prints. If the
reader is remote from the validation process and database, encryption
can be used to provide a secure path connecting the components. The
encryption system, obviously, should protect against replays.
Encryption can also be used to pass credentials from one system to
another. For example, once my smart card validates my fingerprint, it
may use a private signature key on the card to authenticate me to
services that use my public key for authentication. Of course, the
encryption system itself requires secret keys, but in this context,
the secrets may be less prone to compromise because they don't have
to be known by humans.
Biometrics can be applied not only with human users, but also with
locations. For example, technology from CyberLocator
( authenticates geodetic location by capturing a
location signature from GPS signals in a way that ensures liveness.
No secrets are required. One could imagine using biometrics to
authenticate places or anything else with distinguishing
characteristics that exhibit a form of liveness.
In addition to liveness, a biometrics system also depends on
uniqueness. Otherwise, it may be subject to false accepts or rejects.
Some forms of biometrics are better than others in this regard-iris
recognition being one of the best.
Questions about privacy abuse aside, biometrics is likely to be the
way of the future. I can't wait to get rid of my gazillion passwords.
Distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in
receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at
FAIR USE NOTICE:  This contains copyrighted material, which is reproduced
under the Fair Use Provision of Title 17, U.S.C. Section 107, and is posted
for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching,
scholarship, or research. This material is posted without profit for the
benefit of those who, by accessing this site, are expressing a prior
interest in this information for research and educational purposes. For
more information, please see: To UNSUBSCRIBE from the ignition-point list, send email to:
majordomo at theveryfew.net
In the body of the message, include only the line:
unsubscribe ignition-point --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-19 18:54:24
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: I-P: State motor-vehicle offices will propose that drivers' 
Status:  U
Sender: owner-ignition-point at theveryfew.net
Reply-To: Robert Huddleston Security Vs. Privacy Jan. 14, 2002
Part of the TechWeb
State motor-vehicle offices will propose that drivers' licenses incorporate
biometrics. Is that the same as a national ID card?
By John Rendleman
Calls for creating a national ID card system, which advocates say would
make it harder for terrorists to move undetected within U.S. borders, have
drawn criticism for their totalitarian overtones. Now, a group representing
state motor-vehicle departments is about to unveil a proposal that could
turn the average driver's license into a technology-laden ID. Yet privacy
concerns remain, and the IT challenges may be even greater.
The American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators, which represents
motor-vehicle departments and law-enforcement officials and serves as their
data-sharing intermediary, will introduce its idea this week. On its
surface, the proposal seems to be a scaled-down version of national ID card
proposals floated by Oracle CEO Larry Ellison and others after the
terrorist attacks last fall. "This isn't about creating a new national ID
card, nor is it about developing one centralized megadatabase that houses
everyone's personal data," Sen. Richard Durbin, D-Ill., told the Senate
last month. Durbin, who supports the association's plan, is circulating a
draft bill in the Senate with a similar goal.
Jay Maxwell, president and chief operating officer of AAMVAnet. [Photo by
D.A. Peterson.]
Licenses with biometrics would increase security and spur uniform license
systems, AAMVAnet's Maxwell says
 The proposal would bring greater uniformity and control to the process of
issuing drivers' licenses, and licenses themselves could increase security
by using biometrics--fingerprints or iris scans, for instance--to validate
the identity of people who carry them, the association says. It might also
close procedural gaps that let seven of the Sept. 11 hijackers carry
Virginia state IDs and five fraudulently obtain Social Security numbers.
"If people continue using licenses as identification documents, we would
like to make sure from a safety perspective that they are good, credible
documents," says Jay Maxwell, president and chief operating officer of
AAMVAnet, the subsidiary that runs the DMV group's IT systems.
But the plan could involve a data-management and data-integration
undertaking of major proportions. Even though the association would serve
as a clearinghouse for data sharing among the states, the plan would still
require the modernization of state records and the linking of numerous
state and federal systems. "Whenever you pull data in from other systems,
there are things you need to do to make them communicate well together,"
says Nathan Root, the association's standards program director. A big part
of the job for states will be establishing uniform administrative
procedures for handling license paperwork and related documents, along with
the work needed to format data according to the same specifications and
ensure compatibility among multiple databases, Root says.
California provides a lesson in just how hard it can be to create a
foolproof system. According to an audit requested by the California
Legislature, the state's DMV issues 100,000 fraudulent licenses a year,
even though it's been routinely collecting thumbprints from license
applicants for 20 years. The auditors blamed the problem on the DMV's not
reviewing documents adequately, not properly identifying applicants via
photographs or thumbprints, and insufficient oversight of DMV staff.
Privacy is another prickly issue in the new plan. The databases would be
available to DMVs in multiple states, law-enforcement officials, certain
federal agencies, and, on a limited basis, to businesses for validating
identities of customers.
Privacy watchdog groups opposed to the plan contend that the broad
data-sharing arrangements open the door to abuse of confidential data. "We
don't see a very great distinction between a national ID card and a
coalition of 50 states [issuing] drivers' licenses," says Lee Tien, senior
staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation in San Francisco.
"To the extent that the databases are highly integrated, there may be even
more of a risk from human error or human malfeasance."
American Civil Liberties Union associate director Barry Steinhardt says
"unified state IDs are, in fact, backdoor national IDs, and they're going
to have all the problems of national IDs," which include tracking of
citizens' movements and racial profiling. If the concept is taken too far,
"it's going to create the demand for people to have this biometric data to
identify themselves,'' he says. "It's going to be impossible to go anywhere
without your identity being checked."
But at least one state CIO who's been working on security-enhancement
measures downplays the risks of confidentiality breaches. "We worry about
privacy up front," says Richard Varn, Iowa's CIO. "This is database
technology, after all. It's pretty basic stuff, but it will take some time
and require a little bit of effort and some goodwill" to work as described
by the plan's proponents.
Iowa started a project called Identity-Security Clearinghouse two years ago
to verify the authenticity of documents used by people to establish
identity in the state or with a federal agency. In one facet of the
project, Iowa digitized the state's 11 million birth records, dating back
to 1880. Iowa can use that data now to verify a license applicant's
identity and share it with other states and the feds so they can do the
same. A lot of the work underpinning the AAMVA plan has been done, Varn
says, "and now it's only a matter of making some tweaks to the databases
and setting up some processes for sharing data."
It will be important for proponents of tech-enabled drivers' licenses to
convince doubters of the system's value and security. Opposition to
national ID cards goes back to 1971, when the Social Security
Administration rejected the use of Social Security numbers for that
purpose, according to Privacy International, a privacy group.
Implementation of the plan would require new laws from Congress, as well as
from individual state legislatures.
The motor-vehicle association hasn't specified which biometric features
would be used, but it's looking at fingerprints, face recognition, and iris
scans. Although more than half of the states already employ
machine-readable features such as bar codes or magnetic strips on licenses,
the new plan would make that standard practice.
While stopping short of calling AAMVA's proposal a national ID, Maxwell
acknowledges the licenses could be used to verify identities. An airline
could check in passengers carrying biometric-equipped IDs quickly, letting
them board first, while others would move through a slower, manual process.
"We don't see that as being invasive from a privacy perspective," Maxwell
The question is, will millions of Americans agree?
Note: [ Can the Chip be far behind?? ]
Revelation 16,17,18....
Article picked up last week....
Injectable Chip Opens The Door To 'Human Bar Code'
By Charles J. Murray
        Radio-frequency identification chips, which have found a home in
applications ranging from toll road passes to smart retail shelves, may be
close to taking up residence in the human body.
        A Florida-based company has introduced a passive RFID chip that is
compatible with human tissue, and the developer is proposing the chip for
use on implantable pacemakers, defibrillators and artificial joints. The
company, Applied Digital Solutions (Palm Beach, Fla.), also said that the
chip could be injected through a syringe and used as a sort of "human bar
code" in security applications.
        Called the VeriChip, the device could open up a broad new segment
for the $900 million-a-year RFID business, especially if society embraces
the idea of using microchips for human identification. Applied Digital
executives ultimately believe that the worldwide market for such
implantable chips could reach $70 billion per year.
        "The human market for this technology could be huge," said Keith
Bolton, senior vice president of technology development at the company.
        Futurists agree that the idea of using microchips inside the body
could ultimately represent a large market opportunity, but they doubt
whether this initial effort will have a significant effect on the RFID market.
< snip >
FAIR USE NOTICE:  This contains copyrighted material, which is reproduced
under the Fair Use Provision of Title 17, U.S.C. Section 107, and is posted
for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching,
scholarship, or research. This material is posted without profit for the
benefit of those who, by accessing this site, are expressing a prior
interest in this information for research and educational purposes. For
more information, please see: To UNSUBSCRIBE from the ignition-point list, send email to:
majordomo at theveryfew.net
In the body of the message, include only the line:
unsubscribe ignition-point --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-21 07:32:56
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: Security Concerns Boost Computer-Safety Firms' Results 
January 21, 2002
Tech Center
Nationwide Concerns About Security Boost
Computer-Safety Firms to Strong Results
By ANN GRIMES
Staff Reporter of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
Safety concerns buoyed sales for several computer-security companies that
reported strong quarterly results last week, with three boosting financial
Network Associates Inc., Santa Clara, Calif., reported a narrower
fourth-quarter loss of $3.5 million, or two cents a share, compared with a
loss of $147.2 million, or $1.07 a share, a year earlier. Revenue rose to
$259.2 million from $58.8 million.
Excluding results for its McAfee.com Corp. holding, plus charges for
amortization, stock-based compensation, restructuring, interest expense on
convertible debt, write-downs on strategic investments, income taxes
related to capital gains and redemption of debt, the company said earnings
per share were 23 cents, far higher than the eight cents a share analysts
expected. (Those items are considered part of normal business expenses
under standard accounting procedures.)
During the quarter, the company saw demand for its software rise among
international clients and shipped its first antivirus product for small and
medium-size businesses. Network Associates also raised its guidance for the
first quarter and the full 2002 calendar year. The company anticipates
annual revenue (excluding McAfee.com) in the $860 million-to-$890 million
range and earnings per share in the range of 42 cents to 47 cents, above
analysts' expectations of 38 cents.
In 4 p.m. trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market Friday, Network Associates
rose $2.10, or 7.9%, to $28.81.
Guidance also went up at McAfee.com last week. The company said it expects
earnings per share of between 25 cents and 28 cents for 2002 on revenue
between $80 million and $90 million, up from analysts' expected 22 cents a
share on revenue of $84 million.
On Wednesday, McAfee, Sunnyvale, Calif., reported fourth-quarter net income
of $904,000, or two cents a share, compared with a net loss last year of
$7.9 million, or 18 cents a share. Revenue jumped 53% to $18.6 million. In
4 p.m. Nasdaq trading Friday, McAfee was down $1.35, or 5.8%, at $21.73.
The stock fell Thursday as well.
Excluding charges related to stock-based compensation and amortization of
goodwill, items that are considered part of doing business under standard
accounting, the company said earnings per share were nine cents, up from
the five cents a share that analysts expected.
Earlier in the week, security software maker Symantec Corp. also raised its
guidance for the rest of fiscal 2002. The company expects to report
earnings before items of 66 cents to 74 cents on revenue of $285 million to
$295 million, compared with analysts' expectations of earnings per share of
66 cents on revenue of $281.9 million.
The Cupertino, Calif., company, best known for its Norton antivirus
software, reported break-even fiscal third-quarter earnings of $100,000
compared with net income of $13.9 million, or 21 cents a share, for the
same period a year earlier. But it said per-share earnings would have been
78 cents, excluding acquisition charges, a number that beat analysts'
expectations of 64 cents a share. Symantec's revenue rose 32% to $290.2
million from $219.3 million.
In 4 p.m. trading Friday on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Symantec rose 47 cents
to $75.82.
Israeli security-software maker Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. was
an exception as it posted fourth-quarter profit that dropped 5% to $77.1
million, or 30 cents a share, from $81 million, or 31 cents, a year
earlier. Its revenue fell 13% to $122.5 million from $140.4 million. Check
Point expects first-quarter revenue and earnings to be flat or slightly
Write to Ann Grimes at ann.grimes at wsj.com1

@_date: 2002-01-22 08:17:46
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: IBM, VeriSign Reach Marketing Pact 
January 22, 2002
Tech Center
IBM, VeriSign Reach Marketing Pact;
VeriSign Will Cut 3% of Employees
A WALL STREET JOURNAL ONLINE News Roundup
International Business Machines Corp., based in Armonk, N.Y., said it
reached a technology and services pact with VeriSign Inc. to jointly sell
services for identifying remote computer users.
As part of the pact, VeriSign will buy IBM server and software
infrastructure to run its future digital security services. VeriSign said
it has been primarily a Sun Microsystems Inc. customer. Terms weren't
VeriSign, Mountain View, Calif., runs digital-authentication services that
certify that users are who they claim to be. The company said it will use
software from IBM's Tivoli unit to develop "entitlement services" that
specify what privileges each user has within a computer system.
The two companies will also develop and market services to enable reliable
Web services in which computers use the XML language to order or pay for
goods without human approval.
Last week, IBM reported its fourth-quarter net income fell 13% amid a
surprisingly large revenue decline of 11% due to an unexpected slowdown at
its huge services operation. The earnings were a penny a share above
analysts' forecasts.
Separately, VeriSign said it has cut 100 jobs, or 3% of its total work
force of 3,000. A company spokeswoman said the cuts, which occurred about
two weeks ago, were concentrated in the company's mass-market division that
sells security, e-commerce and Web address products to small businesses and
individuals. The spokeswoman said VeriSign continues to hire in other
VeriSign has been on a spending spree in recent months, with purchases
including Internet-domain registration specialist 1GlobalPlace Inc.,
cystomer-service product provider H.O. Systems Inc. and .tv Corp., the
exclusive global registry for Web addresses ending in .tv.

@_date: 2002-01-22 15:46:12
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: [ISN] Cracking code gives password for college place 
Status:  U
Reply-To: InfoSec News 15:02 21 January 02
Will Knight
A Canadian university has awarded a scholarship to the first
prospective student who successfully cracked an encoded mathematics
problem, posed by teachers in place of a conventional entrance exam.
One hundred other students who also managed to decode and figure out
the problem were offered a place on the computer science course at the
The University of Lethbridge in Alberta, Canada, issued the challenge
to computer science and mathematics students in October 2001. The
competition closes on 1 February 2002.
Local college students between the age of 16 and 19 were encouraged to
take part, but the competition also received significant international
interest. About 16,000 visitors from numerous countries were recorded
at the competition web site, where the encoded message can be found.
Increasing popularity
The challenge was to convert a mathematical problem into text from a
confusing string of numbers. Then figure out the problem and email the
answer to the university.
Nigel Smart, a researcher at the University of Bristol, UK, says that
cryptography is increasingly popular with undergraduates and lecturers
because it combines pure mathematics with real-world computer science.
"It is a really good way of attracting students and has been a really
big growth area," he says. However, Smart adds that the University's
problem does not look very difficult at first glance. It took New
Scientist 30 minutes to decode and solve the problem.
It is not the first time that a code-cracking puzzle has been used to
select new recruits. The UK government's intelligence headquarters,
GCHQ, issued a challenge to job hunters in January 2000. The problem
was more complicated than Lethbridge's and involved messages hidden
within images on the organisation's web site. Another problem was
posed in November 2000.
ISN is currently hosted by Attrition.org
To unsubscribe email majordomo at attrition.org with 'unsubscribe isn' in the BODY
of the mail.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-24 10:33:31
@_author: R. A. Hettinga 
@_subject: [ISN] What Billg's new security effort will cost 
Status:  U
Reply-To: InfoSec News By Thomas C Greene in Washington
Posted: 23/01/2002 at 11:08 GMT
If Chairman Gates actually meant what he said in his recent memo
calling for dramatically improved security in all MS products, then
there are going to be some immense changes going on in Redmond.
Changes in how software is created; changes in how features are
integrated into them; changes in product development schedules;
changes in disclosure practices. Indeed, we can determine just how
serious Microsoft is by tracking the metamorphosis which a real shift
towards security will necessitate.
We spoke recently with Counterpane Internet Security CTO Bruce
Schneier, who has a pretty clear idea what a security-serious
Microsoft would look like.
Schneier is cautiously optimistic, and for now would give MS the
benefit of the doubt. Microsoft can do this, he says. But it will be
difficult, and it will require an extraordinary shift in the Redmond
For one thing, Schneier says, MS is simply going to have to open its
protocols to evaluation and peer review. They simply won't succeed
"I'm not talking about making it open source, but rather public
source," he told us. "There is no way to achieve trustworthiness other
than publication."
Next, the EULA (End User License Agreement), which absolves the
company of all liability, "will simply have to go." Schneier reckons
that a lot of what motivated Gates to take on security is the looming
threat of liability litigation.
Now, Billg himself has said that product features will have to take a
back seat to security for the company to earn the trust of consumers.
But this will be exceptionally painful to MS software designers
accustomed to working into their projects every slick bell and whistle
they can think of.
"Putting security ahead of features is not easy," Schneier says.
"Microsoft is going to have to say things like, 'We're going to put
the entire .NET initiative on hold, probably for years, while we work
the security problems out.' They're going to have to stop all
development on operating system features while they go through their
existing code, line by line, fixing vulnerabilities, eliminating
insecure functionality, and adding security features."
Another mark of MS' commitment to security will be visible when the
company ceases to treat vulnerabilities as a public relations problem,
and deals with them openly and honestly.
Microsoft's most recent inclination has been to discourage
vulnerability disclosure, and persuade customers to make use of
auto-update, which patches the system behind their backs. The user
never knows what was wrong, or whether the fix being applied is
effective. This is obviously not a way to cultivate trust, and it will
have to be abandoned if MS really wants a shiny new reputation
suggestive of good security.
"When Netscape was serious about public scrutiny, they paid $1,000 for
each security bug reported to them. Microsoft can no longer threaten,
insult, or belittle independent researchers who find vulnerabilities
in their products," Schneier observed.
This all sounds like a radically different Microsoft from the one we
know and love, and that's just the point. The company quite simply
cannot achieve the goals set forth in the Billg security declaration
and remain unchanged.
It's undeniable that MS has the resources, both human and financial,
to accomplish what it sets out to do. It's also undeniable that the
company has an almost neo-Confucian tendency to substitute form for
But as Schneier points out, there will be signs that can't be faked,
and which will indicate just how serious the Beast is with its Trusted
Computing initiative. The question remains, is this a PR stunt, or is
it news?
We will see.
ISN is currently hosted by Attrition.org
To unsubscribe email majordomo at attrition.org with 'unsubscribe isn' in the BODY
of the mail.
--- end forwarded text
