
@_date: 2018-02-27 13:07:45
@_author: Ricardo Chaves 
@_subject: [Cryptography] CRYPTACUS 2018: Call for participation 
CRYPTACUS 2018 Call for participation
                            Training School on
              Cryptanalysis of Ubiquitous Computing Systems
                             Azores, Portugal
                 Monday April 16 - Friday April 20, 2018
              Organized by the CRYPTACUS COST Action (IC1403)
                                      *Grants still available*
Recent technological advances in hardware and software have irrevocably affected the classical picture of computing systems. Today, these no longer consist only of connected servers, but involve a wide range of pervasive and embedded devices, leading to the concept of "ubiquitous computing systems". To improve the security of these systems the existent cryptanalysis methodologies and tools need to be improved and This training school will focus on the assessment of theoretical and practical cryptographic mechanisms designed to ensure security and privacy, within four main axes:
•	cryptographic models;
•	cryptanalysis of building blocks;
•	hardware and software security engineering;
•	and security assessment of real-world systems.
The training School will take place in the São Miguel island, Azores, This training school aims at providing theoretical and practical lectures on topics related to security and cryptanalysis of ubiquitous computing systems. This training school is organized in the framework of the COST Action IC1403 – CRYPTACUS.
Confirmed speakers:
     Lejla Batina, Radboud University, NL
     Herbert Bos, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, NL
     Srdjan Capkun, ETH Zurich, CH
     Joan Daemen, Radboud University, NL and STmicroelectronics, BE
     Maria Eichlseder, Graz University of Technology, AT
     Daniel Gruss, Graz University of Technology, AT
     Handan Kilinc, EPFL, CH
     Markus Kuhn, University of Cambridge, UK
     Nele Mentens, KU Leuven, BE
     Kasper Rasmussen, University of Oxford, UK
     Mark Ryan, University of Birmingham and HP Labs Bristol, UK
     Patrick Schaumont, Virginia Tech, US
     Kevin Valk, RISCURE, NL
     Andres Wandurraga, RISCURE, NL
The registration fee includes access to lectures, practical sessions and PhD session. It also includes lunches and coffee breaks for April 16-20 as well as access to the social events and the gala dinner.
- Early registration: 350€ (deadline is March 15th, 2018)
- Late registration: 450€
The PhD session, with lightning session and poster sessions, will provide an ideal opportunity for students to present their ongoing work and get feedback from senior researchers and fellow students.
Attendance Certificate
All participants will receive a certificate of attendance with a description of the courses taken. Some universities will accept this certificate in their PhD program.
Contact information
cryptacus at inesc-id.pt
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software.
