
@_date: 2003-12-23 17:56:00
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: IP2Location.com Releases Database to Identify IP's Geography 
In article , R. A. Hettinga
 writes
        ie: almost 1 in 20 is wrong (that's 125,000 of them)
Now in fact the IP2Location FAQ on their website says that there are
only 55,000 records in the database (which just isn't enough, the CIDR
report says that there are 129K routes at the moment -- reducing to
90,377 if all providers properly aggregated them).
They also say that the inaccuracy is because of AOL etc providing
centralised dialup (ie: you can't tell which state people are in) but
this is nonsense too -- AOL's modem pool was 200,000 by 1997
        and must be way bigger than that by now.
Pressing on -- this may not be crypto, but traceability is my specialist
subject, and it's the holidays so maybe the moderator will let this
through ?
One of the IP addresses that is wrong is my own home ADSL system
[80.177.121.10] which is apparently in Guhawati, Assam, India (and not
in Cambridge, UK after all!)
I can't see anything in the RIPE entry for the /15 to suggest that I'm
in the sub-continent :(
It's possible they're being fooled by tracing through BT's ADSL
infrastructure, but more likely it's a typo in their database :(
not very reassuring really
Final struggling hope to get on topic ... at least India's crypto laws
don't seem too oppressive         so I don't think I'm going to lose out too much if any website is dumb
enough to think that taking someone else's word for where I am located
is a useful thing to do.
Bottom line is that geographic location is a hard problem, and published
databases are full of errors and inconsistencies. However, failing to
accurately include that which is published doesn't impress me :(

@_date: 2003-12-30 19:46:14
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [camram-spam] Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black  PoW postage  project 
only if the professionals are dumb enough to use the machines that are
"making" the stamps to actually send the email (since it is only the
latter which are, in practice, traceable)
the easynet.nl list (recently demised) listed nearly 700K machines that
had been detected (allegedly) sending spam... so since their detection
was not universal it would certainly be more than 700K :(
and in these schemes, where does our esteemed moderator get _his_ stamps
from ? remember that not all bulk email is spam by any means...  or do
we end up with whitelists all over the place and the focus of attacks
moves to the ingress to the mailing lists :(
I never understand why people think spam is a technical problem :( let
alone a cryptographic one :-(

@_date: 2004-06-11 18:06:14
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: Security clampdown on the home PC banknote forgers 
In article <017630AA6DF2DF4EBC1DD4454F8EE297161658 at rsana-ex-
hq1.NA.RSA.NET>, Trei, Peter  writes
The circles act as a "do not copy" for recent models of colour
photocopier. They are NOT the mechanism involved in the latest round of
software detection by Adobe et al .. hence the fun is limited :(
The circles have been on UK and EU notes for some time, you can also see
them all over the latest US $20 bill. It is suggested that there is more
information to be extracted from the way that the basic five circle
units are combined together (said to identify the issuing bank), but no
firm results are known.
Just the five circles on an otherwise blank sheet are definitely
sufficient to cause the particular copier experimented with to indicate
the presence of currency.  ie: it's all true :)
Markus Kuhn originally worked out the nature of the pattern in February
2002. It is now believed to have been invented by Omron, but this is
hearsay :( not something citable.

@_date: 2005-01-07 20:29:04
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?q?AOL_Help_:_About_AOL=AE_PassCode?= 
In article <41DD1672.2070207 at joergschneider.com>, Joerg Schneider
 writes
as in the story of the two hunters and the bear ... the banks only need
to outrun another vulnerable target:
        so making passive password/PIN collection ineffective and requiring
phishers to operate in real-time may be a sufficient win.
I've been shown something similar last July ... which was, IIRC, a
PayPal phish where the web page you went to checked that the password it
was given was in fact valid.  It wasn't a full-scale MITM attack, but it
did have some real-time elements.
I haven't been bothering to look at phishing sites recently, so I don't
know if the technology to do this has become the general state of the
art, or if it was just one gangs unique coding style ?
this is the fundamental problem with using the passcode, the user is
"signing" just the single bit "I authorise" rather than the full bag of
bits {amount, payee, timestamp} ... as soon as you write out formally
what is going on the shortcoming is entirely obvious
The problem with that is that people want (or at least think they want)
to use their online banking from home, from work and from a cybercafe
whilst they are on holiday or a business trip. Carting around the
credentials (and a secure way of checking them) is a non-starter
However, the banks could do a lot by starting to distinguish between
run-of-the-mill transactions : "pay my gas bill" and more sensitive ones
such as "set up a new payee" (or indeed "change my gas company to
Nigerian Oil&Gas"). Insisting that the sensitive ones were only done
from the secured (and credential rich) home site would help.  They could
also check the IP address of the connection and form a view as to its
likely validity!
Yo rule out a MITM one might employ a secure side-channel (SMS text
message to one's mobile phone perhaps -- certainly a very plausible
approach in SMS-aware Europe) ... some banks are already using this; but
only as a cheap replacement for a SecureID :( ... so it's ineffective.
Now if Bill's browser could display the last six digits of the SSL key
then those could be compared with the SMS message and the customer would
know that they were safe....    the banks might even go for this
solution because it dumps the decision to go ahead (and hence the risk
as well) onto the customer :)

@_date: 2007-01-06 12:30:24
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: Tamperproof, yet playing Tetris. 
In article <87fyaqyrlj.fsf at snark.piermont.com>, Perry E. Metzger
 writes
I think the proof-of-concept has been slightly misunderstood :(
The terminal is intended to be tamperproof in that once you have messed
with it, it can no longer communicate with the bank. As far as I know
the terminal delivers on this -- hard to say, because I bought it from
eBay "as is" with no knowledge of who had used it before or what secrets
it contained [it's legally my terminal, but that's the end of my
involvement !  all the credit goes to Saar and Steven who had all the
ideas and did all of the work]
However, if you don't want your terminal to do payments but just wish to
use it to capture PINs then it's tamper-evidence that is needed : and
that requires not only fancy seals and such, but also training for the
general public, such that they know what to look for.  Also, mayhap,
training for the merchant's staff if the merchant isn't in on the scam
and the terminal's innards have been surreptitiously replaced.
Of course you could have a bog-standard PC playing Tetris ... but it
doesn't seem terribly likely that people would type their PIN on the
keyboard; hence the subverting of a genuine device to clearly make the
point that people have no idea what is a genuine terminal attached to a
genuine credit card network. They just type and trust -- and the real
story here is that the protocols are not end to end :( and hence a man-
in-the-middle can do a great deal more than would be desirable :(
Note also that without a payment going through for the card (there's
that tamperproof property again), the credit card company's fancy
pattern recognition schemes for spotting fraud have nothing to bite
... at least until all the fraud victims complain that not only are
there  unauthorised charges on their bill (which are being hotly
disputed because the PIN was used so they "must" be genuine) but ALSO
that there is one tell-tale missing charge, for the site at which the
Tetris playing (well, that might be a give-away!) terminal was used.

@_date: 2007-06-21 18:00:48
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: ad hoc IPsec or similiar 
In article <20070621161910.GM17691 at leitl.org>, Eugen Leitl
 writes
(a) the EU legislation was actually passed well over a year ago
and applies to "service providers" so "random endpoints" will be
unlikely to be caught by its requirements.
(b) what the Directive exactly means is anyone's guess (the wording
shows a deep failure to understand how the Internet works), and it is
entirely clear that it will in practice mean different things in
different EU countries.
In the UK it's likely to only apply to large public ISPs -- and
retention will be restricted to records of who used which IP address,
email server records, and possibly web cache logs (possibly not, since
web caches may not be economic if the logs have to be retained)...
... the wikipedia page on the topic
... has information for other countries that looks fairly plausible from
what I know about their plans.
Note that the Directive also applies to phone calls ... and the
transposition of that into national laws is supposed to be completed by
October 2007; most countries have until March 2009 for Internet logs

@_date: 2008-04-02 19:04:07
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: Levels of security according to the easiness to steel biometric data 
In article <555200.58888.qm at web50203.mail.re2.yahoo.com>, Danilo
Gligoroski  writes
if you meant "retina" then yes, but if you meant "iris" then no

@_date: 2008-09-11 15:58:57
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: street prices for digital goods? 
In article <48C77368.1010504 at eecs.berkeley.edu>, David Molnar
 writes
up to a point... see the other responses
yes :)
I've been thinking about this for some time -- I have found that it
makes for some interesting questions to corporate types presenting
"ain't it awful" PowerPoint slides that they don't quite understand :)
Indeed, but deeper than this, you have to ask yourself what the price
exactly so ...   if the price of BoA cards was $2 and is now $1 does
this mean:
(a) production surplus -- so the scammers are cutting each other's
throats to offload their stashes
        is this because the bank's security is rubbish?
        is it because everyone has decided to attack this particular
        bank under the assumption that it is _the_ Bank of America? or
        because a new kit has come out for them to use
(b) consumption scarcity -- no-one wants to buy
        is this because the bank's back-room operations are excellent
        and so it is hard to extract value?
        is it because the people who can cash the cards out have all the
        cards they can handle at the moment?
(c) adulterated supply -- only one card in 800 is any good
        it's sometimes claimed that the loss per card is around $800, so
        if lots of the numbers don't work you need to reduce the price
        per card
(d) incompetent pricing by the sellers
        the real price should be much higher, but the sellers have been
        persuaded that $1 is fair reward for their effort and so they
        don't attempt to get any more for their goods
(e) incompetent pricing by the buyers
        most cards are worthless because the bank's back room operations
        are so good, but not all buyers have realised this so they
        overpay
and probably (f)... onwards as well
viz: in the absence of evidence that an efficient market is operating
and without clear evidence of what price elasticity there is, it is
almost impossible to draw conclusions about bank (in)efficiency from
merely observing average prices :(
There's a similar issue relating to the relative cost of cards and
"whole life" details. The latter are more expensive, but perhaps only by
a factor of 10-20. Is this a reflection of restricted supply? or does it
reflect a paucity of buyers (you might use these details to scam the
cost of a medium-size dwelling) or that there are very few buyers who
are prepared to handle a specialist product...
There is undoubtedly an interesting econometrics paper to be written
here, but it will rely upon not only extensive data from the Underground
Economy but also on good data from a bank (or banks) -- and this is
impossible to obtain at present :(  One then needs to tease out enough
"almost the same but not quite" scenarios to be able to isolate the
various factors and thereby put some numbers to the model...
it usually demonstrates that the police overpay :)
and that leads on to a further problem with the Underground Economy
monitoring. You are only seeing "list prices" and anyone in business
knows that you don't need to pay list price!

@_date: 2013-08-26 06:47:49
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Email and IM are ideal candidates for 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
In message , Jerry Leichter
 writes
The mail systems part is really rather simple... and pretty much looks
after itself. That's not where all the employees work.
... the economy of scale is in identifying and routing spam of various
kinds. Some can be detected a priori -- the majority of the detection
relies on feedback from users (the chances are that someone else got the
bad mail before you did, so it can be arranged that you are not bothered)
Just what the world needs, more free email sending provision!  sigh
If you run your own emails system then you'll rapidly find out what
2013's spam / malware problem looks like.
Just as success in crypto deployment isn't about algorithms or file
formats, success in mail handling isn't about MX records and MTAs.

@_date: 2013-11-27 15:03:19
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Explaining PK to grandma 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
In message <529555B8.9060805 at echeque.com>, James A. Donald
 writes
The DMARC folks would argue that they have already have a deployed
scheme for doing this in _practice_, which now protects a very high
proportion of mailboxes
DMARC already changes how phishing must be done -- people argue that it
is therefore easier to spot. I know of no quantitative work to
demonstrate that the world is now a safer place.

@_date: 2013-09-06 02:48:01
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] tamper-evident crypto?    (was: BULLRUN) 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
In message <52291A36.9070608 at av8n.com>, John Denker In fact the Nazis did have many suspicions that Enigma was compromised,
no more so (this from memory, the books with the fuller account are on a
shelf several thousand miles away from my current desk) than in the
Python incident where the Devonshire was sent to sink a German U-boat
refuelling boat ... and the Dorsetshire turned up at the same place by
chance and chipped in.
The subsequent German inquiry (two enemy ships appearing over the
horizon heading straight for your refuelling point in the middle of the
empty South Atlantic is deeply worrying) relied upon them reading our
North Atlantic convoy traffic (they were breaking Allied codes at that
point in the war) where they found no evidence of Enigma acquired
information being used to avoid U-boat movements. This was because their
inquiry happened to coincide with a short period during which we were
not reading their traffic!  The inquiry concluded that Enigma was not
broken (which was strictly correct at that moment) and it carried on
being used. Such are the random chances, good and bad, which occur in
the real world.
Of course there were improvements made to Enigma throughout the war both
to the hardware and also to operating procedures... it was harder to
break in 1945 than 1939.
you will have noted the requirement for some of the agencies who have
been given NSA material (such as telco metadata) to recreate it for the
benefit of their court cases ...
so you'd probably fail to observe any background activity that tested
whether this information was plausible or not (assuming that the NSA
considered this issue important enough to pursue); and then some chance
event would occur that caused someone from Law Enforcement (or even a
furnace maintenance technician) to have to look in the basement.
You'd be left saying "this proves it" and everyone else will be spending
their time commenting on whether your particular style of tinfoil hat
appeared sartorially suitable

@_date: 2014-04-16 20:13:20
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Hard copy of Anderson's Security Engineering 
Hash: SHA1
In message ,
Dave Horsfall  writes
follow the link from Ross's page and he'll make a few more pennies than
        somewhat odd you missed it then

@_date: 2014-08-03 22:39:19
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The original "public" public key algorithm 
Hash: SHA1
In message , Bill Cox  writes
this is a description of Merkle's Puzzles (which you can now Google and
find the history of it)

@_date: 2015-04-14 14:27:59
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] Feedback requested: ECC anonymous 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
In message , Natanael  writes

@_date: 2018-04-20 01:44:19
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] The Bob Morris worm 
In message , Bob
Wilson  writes
yes ... you should see Joe Bonneau's PhD thesis
        ... and it specifically provides answers in a statistical form

@_date: 2018-12-18 18:05:10
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Komitments 
In message , Phillip Hallam-Baker  writes
Anderson et al's "Guy Fawkes Protocol" seems relevant here

@_date: 2018-12-19 18:54:01
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Komitments 
In message , =?utf-8?B?T3NtYW4gS3V6dWN1IEhvc3RpbmcgV2ViIFRhc
2FyxLFtIEdyYWZpaw==?=  writes
yes ... but the timestamp is meaningless
        "Philby is a Russian agent  01.01.1940"
does not mean that I knew he was a traitor on that day.  So the
timestamp within the message is meaningless and you have to include
"some other third party" as a part of the protocol and explain how
_their_ timestamp can in some sense be trusted...
you need to show how your scheme detects that the other hashes exist...
because once you admit of a time-stamping service ("some other third
party") then it's often the case that you let people use it anonymously
(because that somehow seems more useful).
another way of expressing this issue -- if you insist that the
timestamping service operate in the open -- is that once I publish my
hash accusing Philby (or Alice) then what prevents you pretending to be
me and submitting lots of hashes (that no-one can ever reverse) and you
then poo-pooing my claim ?
so you need me to "sign" the hash as well... and it's all starting to
get a bit more complicated...
Hash commitment (and indeed signing) is merely a building block. A
protocol needs to put the blocks together in a useful manner (to tackle
some real world issue); and it is there within that concept of "put
together" where most of the demons reside...

@_date: 2018-02-13 14:51:08
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Proof of Work is the worst way to do a BlockChain 
In message , Allen  writes
you misunderstood the point of the paper if you think that this was a
.. what Ben and I pointed out was that if you think that you can use
proof-of-work to determine who are good people who should be allowed to
send email and who are bad people who send spam then you are mistaken.
If you set the necessary amount of work low enough that the good guys
can afford to do it -- then it is so low that you have not made much of
a dent on the bad guys' ability to spam.
Basically the bad guys have more computers than the good guys ! (some of
which they have stolen, but spam is lucrative enough that they can
afford to buy them anyway -- so all you will ever do is to freeze out
low profit-margin spam).
BTW: Camp & Liu argued that you can make Proof-of-Work function by not
making the proofs end-point independent (ie the email carries around the
proof) but by having end points demand proofs from strangers whilst
allowing a free pass to friends. No-one has ever implemented this
because it lacks the simplicity of the proof-carrying email idea.
... also, "Penny Black" is the 2003 paper, not Dwork & Naor's earlier
1992 work -- essentially in 2003 they are trying to even up the playing
field by doing more memory access in their computation function and
stopping good guys with mere computers having to compete against
spammers with ASICs, FPGAs etc.
Finally -- I will observe that when Dwork, myself (and some others)
debated anti-spam schemes on stage at the first CEAS conference in
summer 2004 in Mountain View ... I don't recall her being anything but
positive about the prospects of proof-of-work (and don't forget this was
the era when Bill Gates was claiming the spam problem would be addressed
within months  [when Penny Black properly caught on])

@_date: 2018-01-06 08:47:19
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Speculation considered harmful? 
In message , Howard Chu
 writes
that just means you need to change the detection code to test for invalid rather
than valid -- what you actually need to do is to unroll back to the non-
speculative state (so that some type of parallelism might address this, as does
the removal of high precision clocks [the browser approach]) ...
... but note that there are other side effects that you might be able to test
for -- the recent work merely used high precision cache timing because it is
straightforward to implement; and they are fully aware that there may be other
approaches.  From the Spectre paper:
     More broadly, potential countermeasures limited to the memory cache are
     likely to be insufficient, since there are other ways that speculative
     execution can leak information. For example, timing effects from memory bus
     contention, DRAM row address selection status, availability of virtual
     registers, ALU activity, and the state of the branch predictor itself need
     to be considered. Of course, speculative execution will also affect
     conventional side channels, such as power and EM.
Expect to see more types of attack (and probably soon)

@_date: 2020-03-09 10:20:27
@_author: Richard Clayton 
@_subject: [Cryptography] IDs and licenses, 
In message , Jerry
Leichter  writes
no ... the system changed in 1925 ... and now about 88% of all land has
changed hands at least once since then, so the registration matters and
all those old title deeds can now be just framed (or binned!)
        BTW: (since this is a crypto list) the last time the statute was updated
in 2002 it envisaged "e-conveyancing" ... but this turned out to be
(after many years of attempts) impractical in the real world because of
the difficulty of distributing and controlling keys which would control
multi-million pound transactions
