
@_date: 2002-01-16 21:58:39
@_author: RL 'Bob' Morgan 
@_subject: Authenticating logos 
There is a proposal on precisely this in PKIX-land:
   draft-ietf-pkix-logotypes-00.txt
   This document contains an initial outline of a standard for inclusion
   of logotypes in certificates. The draft includes background
   discussions around different aspects of problems and solutions,
   forming a starting point for the creation of a complete standard.
 - RL "Bob"

@_date: 2002-06-24 00:27:34
@_author: RL 'Bob' Morgan 
@_subject: Secure mail relays [was:RE: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law. 
We run the main MTA for my university this way (of course it will relay
without authentication if the client source address is within the
university IP ranges), using sendmail and cyrus-sasl.  It's my impression
that many US universities are starting to do this.  We started it as a
one-off MTA handling submission of mail for travelers, then realized that
the regular MTA could just provide this service.  It also does Kerberos
authentication, which I use (though not many MUAs support it).
The obvious port is 587, the "submission" port (see RFC 2476), which in
fact is the one that MUAs "should" use, rather than 25 (we support it, I'm
submitting this mail using it, via my home ISP).  Of course if it actually
becomes popular those misguided ISPs will block it too ...
 - RL "Bob"

@_date: 2002-06-24 10:57:47
@_author: RL 'Bob' Morgan 
@_subject: X.509, SSL & security of decentalized certification (RE: RSA 
As Eric noted, despite the addition of subjectAltName to X509v3 many years
ago precisely so that Internet-style DNS-based names could be used instead
of those funky X.500 DNs, in fact subjectAltName (and issuerAltName, even
more, or less, so) have traditionally hardly ever been used by the public
CAs, or anyone else for that matter, as far as I can tell.  Look in SSL
certs you get from webservers and see.  The DNS host name is almost always
in the CN attribute of the Subject DN, which typically has O and OU
attributes also, and may or may not have location-based C, L, ST etc
Note that this mixing makes things far worse.  What are the expressable
name constraints on a DN, one of whose components has a value that is a
DNS name?  If DNS-based altNames were used, name constraints would be much
easier (not easy, but easier).
Well, if an implementation of SSL/TLS is intended to be compliant with the
relevant ITU and IETF standards, then it has to implement name constraints
as described in those standards, which includes precisely the validation
we're talking about here.  So it is certainly part of the specified
certificate validation functionality.  Whether it is so in practice is
another story.
I don't know why you say this.  The relevant section of RFC 3280
says, among other things:
   4.2.1.11  Name Constraints
   The name constraints extension, which MUST be used only in a CA
   certificate, indicates a name space within which all subject names in
   subsequent certificates in a certification path MUST be located.
   Restrictions apply to the subject distinguished name and apply to
   subject alternative names.
The section then goes on to give numerous examples of DNS-style
I agree, but not because the technology is unspecified, but because it is
inherently extremely complicated.  Anyone putting name constraints into a
cert today would be taking a huge risk of that cert failing to work at all
on the deployed base of browsers and other verifiers.  Name constraints
won't be exercised until cert issuers start putting them into certs.
Chicken and egg.
This is undoubtedly true, but at least for the near term this makes a
complex problem even more complex (what's a "role"?  who defines them?),
not less so.
 - RL "Bob"

@_date: 2002-06-26 00:59:22
@_author: RL 'Bob' Morgan 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper  
Hmm, so:
  privacy : DRM :: wiretapping : fair use
 - RL "Bob"

@_date: 2002-06-26 12:28:15
@_author: RL 'Bob' Morgan 
@_subject: privacy <> digital rights management 
I have seen "private" and "secret" defined in exactly the opposite fashion
as regards keys:  a "private" key is private because you never ever share
it with anyone, whereas a "secret" (symmetric) key is a secret because
you've told someone else and you expect them to not share it (in the sense
of "can you keep a secret?").
Clearly there's not a common understanding of these simple words.  Seems
to me that Dan's mini-rant was referring to "privacy" in the sense you
define it above (controlling spread of info already held by others).
 - RL "Bob"

@_date: 2002-10-02 16:30:17
@_author: RL 'Bob' Morgan 
@_subject: What email encryption is actually in use? 
Pine and UW imapd both support STARTTLS for all relevant protocols
(SMTP/IMAP/POP/LDAP client for Pine, IMAP/POP server for imapd).  They
also support Kerberos authentication and datastream encryption for all
these protocols.
Evolution does?  I tried out the Evolution 1.0.3 that comes with my RedHat
7.3 distribution, and it appeared not to support STARTTLS for IMAP or
SMTP.  When I told it to "use secure connection (SSL)" for SMTP it tried
to connect to port 465 (the deprecated smtps port) and failed.
 - RL "Bob"

@_date: 2005-08-04 11:22:10
@_author: RL 'Bob' Morgan 
@_subject: Cross logins 
Not only possible but standardized, in production, with multiple interoperable vendor and open source implementations.  You may even have used it (ie, SAML) already via some service.
   There are also many many proposals (eg SXIP, LID, passel, openID) to do similar things in a less spec-intensive fashion.
  - RL "Bob"

@_date: 2006-06-13 07:49:25
@_author: RL 'Bob' Morgan 
@_subject: Chinese WAPI protocol? 
According to a legal friend who studies this area, it has been common practice for quite a while for the Chinese to require the licensing of Chinese-developed technology in many industrial areas in order for companies to have access to the market.  WAPI reportedly led to the highest-level conflict with US companies about this practice.
  - RL "Bob"

@_date: 2008-02-14 16:13:14
@_author: RL 'Bob' Morgan 
@_subject: Fixing SSL (was Re: Dutch Transport Card Broken) 
You don't have to imagine this.  It is exactly how Infocard (the generic name of the technology of which Microsoft's CardSpace is one implementation of one component) works in its most common mode (the personal or self-issued card).  It has lots of other benefits as well even in this mode (user-managed attributes, graphical UI) as well as other modes to support identity providers (managed cards).
Lest you think that this is Microsoft-only, be assured that there is a large community building implementations for many other platforms and systems.  OSIS ( is the prime venue for people to work on interoperability across the spectrum of implementations. There's a big interop event coming up at the RSA conference in April.
If you'd like to help make your scenario a pervasive reality, check it   - RL "Bob"

@_date: 2008-02-14 16:18:24
@_author: RL 'Bob' Morgan 
@_subject: Fixing SSL (was Re: Dutch Transport Card Broken) 
I'm not.  It would be a good opportunity for security usability researchers to contribute though.
Actually lots of Liberty and WS/Infocard/etc people are working on interop scenarios, see:
     - RL "Bob"

@_date: 2009-02-24 17:17:49
@_author: RL 'Bob' Morgan 
@_subject: Security through kittens, was Solving password problems 
If there is actual security value in it (as opposed to security theater) presumably it is that the MITM has to interact with the bank site to present the username and fetch the image in order to complete the phish. The bank site would monitor for a client address that makes multiple requests with different usernames and shut off its access quickly.  The MITM could of course get around this by using multiple client addresses to make these requests, but this raises the bar for an effective MITM.  Does it raise it enough to justify the cost of deploying these schemes? Apparently the banks think so, or they're doing them for some other reason
(theater, peer pressure, whatever).
  - RL "Bob"
