
@_date: 2013-12-07 11:02:10
@_author: Ron Leach 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anonymous messaging [was: Email is securable 
Are we sure?  I read Bob's post as being wary in case the *first* remailer, dizum.com in his case, which receives his connection and therefore has some idea who he is, were to be a honeypot.  Yes, the CHAIN might ensure his anonymity at point of posting to the newsgroup, but disclosure will have occurred at point of first entry to the chain (and, potentially, subsequently for any honeypots following in the chain until the first genuine remailer).
It's the same problem with TOR, isn't it?  The first TOR server knows who is accessing the network.
Anonymity of *access* is becoming desirable, I think.  But is it regards, Ron

@_date: 2013-12-07 23:21:37
@_author: Ron Leach 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anonymous messaging [was: Email is securable 
Yes, in the general sense of accessing any anonymity service (including remailers, not only TOR).  I'd used the word 'network' in the sense of the 'service' (Tor network, remailer network, etc).
Simply meant that *anonymity* of *accessing* TOR, or the 1st remailer in a chain, is becoming desirable [because the first server could be a honeypot and reveals the IP address of the accessor, and IP address leads to substantially more identifying leakage].
May I add this next clarification, simply because readers of this public list have varying depths of experience with security and anonymity, and may not be aware of the underlying issues?  TOR and remailers attempt to solve the problem of anonymous deposition of messages or website access, by routing randomly through other servers.   The use of multiple links in a TOR or remailer chain was (historically) assumed to make more difficult any association between (i) access to the first server, and (ii) the exit node.  But either, or both, of the entry and exit servers of that service may themselves be honeypots, and, moreover, capable of sharing their traffic data - even if operated by different entities - thus facilitating identification of the source of anonymous traffic.
The TOR project, in their documentation, makes this risk very clear. While it has always been possible for honeypots to masquerade as genuine severs, as TOR project explains, it is becoming clear that traffic analysis across different honeypots operated by different entities is quite possible.  This increases substantially the effectiveness of traffic analysis to identify the sources of anonymous website accesses or message deposits, etc.
If anonymity is a goal, the anonymity of *use* of such schemes may be desirable, to try to protect against that type of traffic analysis. Whereas the use of such services is (relatively) easy to achieve, I was thinking about whether anonymous access to the first server, however desirable, might or might not be attainable.  As already mentioned, installing the 1st server on one's own machine might be a way forward, but at a security loss.  The opportunity for random traffic routing through the remainder of the network is reduced, perhaps substantially.  For example, TOR, as I understand it, only uses 3 nodes including entry and exit so, when hosting one's own entry server, one's own traffic would only be randomly routed through the last 2 servers, instead of through a randomly-selected 3 servers, and hence might perhaps be more susceptible to traffic analysis.
Back to the topic; yes, I meant access to the anonymising service, rather than access to the network, in the internet-wide sense, which as you say everyone is accessing.
regards, Ron

@_date: 2013-12-08 20:26:02
@_author: Ron Leach 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Anonymous messaging [was: Email is 
Some; I'll get to them in a moment.  The purpose in asking the question was not to challenge, though, but only to ask what the list themselves thought.  Both about inadvertent leakage through access to anonymity services, and whether or how anonymity of 'access' might be Unlike many of the list contributors, we are not cryptographers or programmers; we are users, and practitioners only in the sense of trying to ensure that our IT systems are secure for use by our staff.   We do not work in politics or internal security or any form of public advocacy, but our work does involve safeguarding information belonging to our counterparties, as most companies are expected to do, actually.  Though we already use TLS for communications when offsite, we are looking towards anonymity as one more defence, this time against our traffic origination (emails to counterparties, to our HQ, or data uploads to our servers) being identified as ours, especially when working in countries without statutory privacy protections.
We had wondered about some approaches (not solutions, merely the beginnings of lines with potential) to anonymising access to anonymity services.  I imagine some can be quickly dismissed as impossible, but if only one or two rattle around for a day or so in interested peoples' minds, then maybe they'll trigger more practical variants.
(i) Access disguised as something else - access to an anonymity network encoded in some other innocuous protocol might be an example.
This could take several forms, one might be (surely often suggested) upload of travel snapshots to a photosite.  Upload would have to (presumably, but I'm wary about any pre-conditions whatsoever when thinking through new approaches, because it is too easy to rule something out for reasons that turn out later to be circumventable) be (a) to a photosite programmed to look for such encoding, or
(b) through some proxy programmed to look for such encoding
Though there is still the honeypot and input/output association problem with the example as described, maybe this would work if there was *also* some kind of honeypot telltale (or non-honeypot assurer, such as code or core checksums, maybe, or something similar to the code deployment authentication schemes used in crypto security).
(ii) The obvious example, of indirect access through some proxy to disguise the originating IP but, again, this (very simple case) seems to immediately reveal the fact of access to such a proxy
(iii) Some kind of IP address change, or MAC address change, so that origination address as seen by the anonymity service, and by any monitoring equipment, could not be directly related to the originating computer.  Such an address switching scheme would perhaps best be ephemeral, and any specific scheme might exist for no longer than a session, and may exist for as little as a frame, perhaps.  The use of this type of scheme may be best when offsite staff are working from hotels or offices where their workstations have been NATted; this sort of approach may be less useful at HQ locations where the uplink (off premises to the internet) will likely be a static IP range already identified to the organisation.  Behind this idea is the thought that MAC to MAC transmission can co-exist on Ethernet segments without specific IP addresses (and need not even conform to IPv4, or IPv6, or anything, so could be 'invisible' to some extents).
(iv) Taking further these lower level thoughts of IP address use, we wondered whether, while working offsite from a hotel, for example, using one of the bottom /48 of an IPv6 address (maybe from a range already allocated to us) would be separately routable to our workstation while offsite, irrespective of the hotel's IP address (perhaps using an encapsulation scheme, this isn't clear to me).  Now - obviously - this does not solve the problem of anonymous access to anonymity services, but I mention it to illustrate that access to a service need not *always* be equated with the IP address associated with the physical line.  Another example of this, though with longer latency, I think, are the 'Provider Independent' IP address ranges which can be used via different providers (and used also via different physical lines and countries?).  Behind both these thoughts is the notion of dynamic routing when a new endpoint comes online, and employing that feature to avoid using the IP address assigned to a line.
(v) Lastly, we wondered whether some kind of tunnelling over another protocol might be a way forward, though we think the far-end address (of the anonymity server) would need to be absent to meet our goal, so we were not sure quite how this should be set up.  We haven't ever used any of the tunnelling schemes over UDP and we are not familiar with their working, but if there was some way to adapt that mechanism, that might also be a line worth thinking about.
As I said, we are not cryptographers, others on this list are very much more knowledgeable about those matters.  I don't expect anyone to waste their time thinking about anything they believe or know will not work, and am not expecting anyone to feel they need to respond to any of these ideas.  They are offered only to stimulate some thought about whether it might be possible to prevent observation of the fact of anonymous access, and the different levels at which doing something differently might be fruitful.
Thank you for posting the citations.  Though already familiar with the TOR/EFF challenges paper (and is the basis of the difficulty I wanted to explore), I hadn't seen RD's posting - his own citations point to Free Haven's collection of anonymity papers and I've copied a few to read.  Useful resource.
regards, Ron

@_date: 2015-11-09 22:33:24
@_author: Ron Leach 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Literature on reusing same key for AES / HMAC? 
Jerry, that link bounces for me, with the site ( giving:
" Download Limit Exceeded
You have exceeded your daily download allowance. "
Maybe everybody on the list already fetched it. :)
First noticed this morning, still the same response (2230 local).  Do you have another link?

@_date: 2016-11-15 08:59:10
@_author: Ron Leach 
@_subject: [Cryptography] On the deployment of client-side certs 
But that doesn't have to be the case, does it?
In a scheme for authentication by using client-side certificates, there could be two stages:
(i) End-to-end private connection is set up by exchange of public keys.  At this stage, the connection might actually be Alice to Bob, or could be Alice to Mallory.  So ...
(i) Over the private connection, the full certificates are exchanged, enabling both ends to each validate their counterparty.  (I assume certificates enable both ends to detect that Mallory is present, and drop the connection *and* report the intrusion to both ends.)
This could be followed by further exchanges of 'comfort' or 'assurance' to be really sure, etc.  My bank does this sort of thing, When telephoning them, you make initial 'provisional' authentication which provides a limited form of capability, after which a human comes on and asks some more 'pre-shared secrets' or secrets about the bank account status etc.  (Though that helps the bank verify I am me, but doesn't help me verify it's the bank, I mention this instead to illustrate the 'step by step' approach I'm suggesting to reach a more and more authenticated connection, so that the real business can start once both sides are satisfied.
This sort of step by step approach presumably isn't in the existing protocols, but a dual party authentication scheme could have its own protocol on top - just like SMTP or IMAP (sometimes) runs on top of TLS.
