
@_date: 2002-07-10 17:50:04
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Microsoft censors Newsweek - and new version of TCPA FAQ 
I see that MSNBC has pulled the original article on Palladium:
        Anyway, I have just put up version 1.0 of the TCPA / Palladium FAQ
at the same URL:

@_date: 2002-06-24 05:49:42
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper  
Microsoft admits it:
Intel admitted it to me to. They said that the reason for TCPA was that
their company makes most of its money from the PC microprocessor; they
have most of the market; so to grow the company they need to grow the
overall market for PCs; that means making sure the PC is the hub of the
future home network; and if entertainment's the killer app, and DRM is
the key technology for entertainment, then the PC must do DRM.
Now here's another aspect of TCPA. You can use it to defeat the GPL.
During my investigations into TCPA, I learned that HP has started a
development program to produce a TCPA-compliant version of GNU/linux.
I couldn't figure out how they planned to make money out of this. On
Thursday, at the Open Source Software Economics conference, I figured
out how they might.
Making a TCPA-compliant version of GNU/linux (or Apache, or whatever)
will mean tidying up the code and removing whatever features conflict
with the TCPA security policy. The company will then submit the pruned
code to an evaluator, together with a mass of documentation for the
work that's been done, including a whole lot of analyses showing, for
example, that you can't get root by a buffer overflow.
The business model, I believe, is this. HP will not dispute that the
resulting `pruned code' is covered by the GPL. You will be able to
download it, compile it, check it against the binary, and do what you
like with it. However, to make it into TCPA-linux, to run it on a
TCPA-enabled machine in privileged mode, you need more than the code.
You need a valid signature on the binary, plus a cert to use the TCPA
PKI. That will cost you money (if not at first, then eventually).
Anyone will be free to make modifications to the pruned code, but in
the absence of a signature the resulting O/S won't enable users to
access TCPA features. It will of course be open to competitors to try
to re-do the evaluation effort for enhanced versions of the pruned
code, but that will cost money; six figures at least. There will
likely be little motive for commercial competitors to do it, as HP
will have the first mover advantages and will be able to undercut them
on price. There will also be little incentive for philanthropists to
do it, as the resulting product would not really be a GPL version of a
TCPA operating system, but a proprietary operating system that the
philanthropist could give away free. (There are still issues about who
would pay for use of the PKI that hands out user certs.) The need to
go through evaluation with each change is completely incompatible with
the business model of free and open source software.
People believed that the GPL made it impossible for a company to come
along and steal code that was the result of community effort. That may have been the case so long as the processor was open, and anyone
could access supervisor mode. But TCPA changes that completely. Once
the majority of PCs on the market are TCPA-enabled, the GPL won't work
as intended any more. There has never been anything to stop people
selling complementary products and services to GPL'ed code; once the
functioning of these products can be tied to a signature on the
binary, the model breaks.
Can anyone from HP comment on whether this is actually their plan?

@_date: 2002-06-25 16:24:35
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper  
I agree. I play music because I want to, not because I have to. (As a
student I played professionally as I could earn more that way than by
working on a building site.)
I, and many other amateur musicians, are however frustrated by the
fact that if we were to post some sets on our web pages, we'd be
limited to out-of-copyright stuff, and to stuff we composed entirely
Even playing `happy birthday' can get you into trouble from the
performing rights society.
SO there are legislative issues to tackle - but it will be a long haul

@_date: 2002-06-25 16:56:31
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper  
I don't believe that the choice is both privacy and TCPA, or neither.
Essentially all privacy violations are abuses of authorised access by
insiders. Your employer's medical insurance scheme insists on a
waiver allowing them access to your records, which they then use for
promotion decisions. The fizx is fundamentally legislative: that sort
of behaviour is generally illegal in Europe, but tolerated in the USA.
There may be symmetry when we consider the problem as theoretical
computer scientists might, as an issue for abstract machines. This
symmetry breaks rapidly when the applications are seen in context. As
well as the legal aspects, there are also the economic aspects: most
security systems promote the interests of the people who pay for them
(surprise, surprise).
So I do not agree with the argument that we must allow DRM in order to
get privacy. Following that line brings us to a world in which we have
DRM, but where the privacy abuses persist just as before. There is
simply no realistic prospect of American health insurers or HMOs settling for one-time read-only access to your medical records, no
matter how well that gets implemented in Palladium

@_date: 2002-06-28 01:57:44
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Stefek Zaba's rebuttal 
Stefek says that TCPA is a purely protective technical measure, and
that my claims about it are `far-fetched imagining'. He denies that it
was started as a DRM play. Yet the DRM aim was admitted to me in April
by a serior Intel person, and has since been confirmed by Bill Gates
himself in the Palladium release.
I've known Stefek for years, and despite his inaccurate and abusive
post I am not claiming that he deliberately lied to us - merely that
if HP sees this as a pure technical security play, you'd better sell
their stock, as they are amazingly less sophisticated about
information goods and services markets than other consortium members.
(The other HP labs person to whom I talked in the course of my
investigations was similarly uninformed about basic economics.)
Sometimes it may suit managers to keep technical staff in the dark
about the business plays behind technical initiatives. However, it is
not in the interest of technical staff to allow themselves to work on
projects with whose goals, once revealed, they and their friends may
have a moral objection. It can damage relationships and impair CVs.
Starting in November, I'm going to be teaching a course in economics
and law to second year comp sci undergraduates at Cambridge. That's
how important I think an understanding of these issues is - it should
be a mandatory part of the undergraduate curriculum. If you need a
quick introduction to the subject as it relates to things like software
and compatibility, I'd recommend Shapiro and Varian, `Information Rules'

@_date: 2002-06-29 15:31:26
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper  
Yes, this is a debate I've had with the medical privacy7 guys, some of
whom like the idea of using Palladium to protect medical records.
This is a subject on which I've a lot of experience (see my web page),
and I don't think that Palladium will help. Privacy abuses almost always
involve abuse of authorised access by an insider.
Recent case: 15-year old girl in Croydon, England, gets termination of
pregnancy without telling her mother. This is reported to the local health authority, where her uncle works; he sees the report and tells the family.
Palladium doesn't help here. Even if the unclse is constrined by the
Fritz chip from doing anything other than look at the screen, he still
has the information.
The fix for this problem is anonymous reporting, with the identity of
the girl known only to the treating physician. It is a policy issue, not a techjnology issue; if technology such as Palladium is introduced
it will most likely be by health authorities trying to find an excuse
to retain access to data that they shouldn't have in the first place.
(We've seen a similar effect with smartcards in healthcare, and in fact
the general phenomenon has an interesting similarity with what the
environmental economists call the `social reward trap': making `green'
goods available often increases pollution as people consume green goods
rather than consuming less.)
