
@_date: 2013-11-26 13:43:02
@_author: rverbalkent@aol.com 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Study Suggests Link Between Dread Pirate Roberts 
Hello Group
My name is Rocky and I am very new to this forum and cryptography. I admit  much of the conversations go over my head here by I find them extremely  interesting and hope in the future I will catch up. I just have a few questions from the "link between Dreaded Pirate Roberts  and Satoshi Nakamoto" NY TIMES article I remember reading a headline in the past suggesting that Gorge Zimmerman  and his wife were talking in Code over the phone about contributions made for  his defense, where 1 dollar 5 dollar and 10 dollar were to represent some much  larger number as he was claiming no funds for a lawyer. if there was another person working with "Dreaded Pirate Roberts" couldn't  they have a back up version of his Wallet.Dat File and regardless if one of his  computers was seized, from the time of this arrest- couldn't another person  have uploaded this file into a wallet Draining out the account within the  time from the computer taken to any successful crack? Since the article references the possible use of a second computer. Also about the why Johnny Cant Encrypt. there is a very user friendly IPAD  app called IPG Mail that seems to even stream line the retail use of PGP type  style Mail.
making the use of thunderbird + Mailvelope looking like a 100 step process. I believe things like this aap are slowly taking things in to the correct  simple user GUI that might add effectiveness to the encryption process. just my .02 cents probably not worth .01
RD. -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash:  SHA256
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: iPGMail  (2.0.2)
-----END  PGP SIGNATURE-----

@_date: 2013-11-27 16:25:35
@_author: rverbalkent@aol.com 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Study Suggests Link Between Dread Pirate Roberts and 
NEW  YORK (CNNMoney)
After suggesting earlier this week that a link existed between the  creators of _Silk Road and Bitcoin_ ( , two Israeli computer  researchers have retracted their _report_ ( .
The academic report had suggested that Satoshi Nakamoto, the  yet-unidentified creator of virtual currency Bitcoin, gave an unusually large  sum of money to someone known as Dread Pirate Roberts, founder of the online  black market Silk Road However, the person accused of sending the money to the Silk Road founder  turned out to be Dustin Trammell, a tech-savvy libertarian in Austin, Texas. In  actuality, he sent it to Mt. Gox, a Bitcoin exchange. Trammell said he's  communicated by email with the famous Satoshi, but that's it. "Unless I have split personalities and this is Fight Club, I definitely  am not Satoshi Nakamoto," Trammell recently wrote on his _blog_ ( . _Related: Bitcoin prices top $1,000_ (  The Weizmann Science Institute researchers, Dorit Ron and Adi Shamir,  admitted that they were wrong, even though they said the link was merely a  theory. "Now that a better explanation exists, we no longer believe that the  [account] belonged to Satoshi," the researchers said in an email. In his blog, Trammell denied having any connection to Silk Road, saying  he made the large transfer of money to himself. That wouldn't be odd, given that  Bitcoin users often keep multiple digital wallets. But the man that federal authorities have arrested and accused of  launching Silk Road, Ross Ulbricht, is from Austin too. Given the folklore  surrounding Bitcoin and Silk Road, get ready for rumors that Trammell is Satoshi  hiding in plain sight.  (
