
@_date: 2004-06-17 13:26:08
@_author: Rick Wash 
@_subject: Is finding security holes a good idea? 
same code section will find the same set of bugs.
critical mass of interest.  Ideas about where to look for what sort of
bug (...) tend to propagate through the population of experts who might
find bugs slowly at first, and then faster and faster in what's probably
an exponential way.
That's interesting.  Now consider what happens if I search for and find a
bug and disclose it.  All blackhats can start using it right away, but
some people will patch.  This is described eloquently in Figure 1 from
Eric's paper.  However, if I don't disclose it, then by your argument
someone will find it very soon afterwards.  For the sake of argument, lets
assume that its a blackhat.  Since I didn't disclose it, no one has
patched their systems yet, and the blackhat has a period of private
exploitation until it gets publicly known, at which point it gets
disclosed and patched.  This scenario is illustrated by Figure 2 in the
paper, and since the rediscovery is very fast, the starting point on both
figures is the same.  Of course the blackhat could wait for the most
opportune time to use the bug, but by your assumption someone else will
find the bug soon and cause it to be patched, so waiting isn't worth it
for him.
The private exploitation time is the only difference between the two
figures.  However, it definately has a cost in both time and money for me
to go searching for bugs.  If the blackhat is going to find it and use it
fairly soon anyway, why should I go through the effort of finding the bug
in the first place?  We as a community are going to have the blackhats do
our work for us soon if we don't go searching.
I think Eric's claim is that *proactive* finding and disclose of bugs is
not worthwhile.  However, it seems to me he advocates *reactive* disclose
for when bugs are already being exploited by blackhats.  Proactively
finding bugs doesn't increase security much because it doesn't make
software more secure overall, and he assumes that most of the damage from
bugs (even bugs discovered by blackhats) comes after they become public.
One issue I had with this paper is that he didn't take on the question of
which bugs were proactively found (by researchers looking for bugs) and
which bugs were reactively found (by observing the blackhat community).  I
know this is a very difficult thing to determine, but his paper brought
this question to light.
Of course, all of this is assuming the bugs are from known classe New
classes of vulnerabilities have many other worthwhile benefits.
to tease out evidence for or against using naive studies of bug
commission, discovery, or rediscovery rates; but it is my intuition
based on many years of making, finding, and fixing bugs, and of watching
others eventually redo my work in the cases in which I'd managed to fail
to let them know about it.  I would argue that in fact this pattern is
not the exception; it is the rule.
I agree its going to be very hard, but obviously from this conversation
people disagree whether this pattern is the exception or the rule.  Some
actual evidence (and not just anecdotal evidence) is warranted.
 Rick
