
@_date: 2001-06-05 14:52:51
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Starium (was Re: article: german secure phone) 
Quoting Bram Cohen :
I was told that the primary concern was lowering unit costs.  The original
COMSEC 3-DES phone had a unit cost of approximately USD 1000.  Build cost was
probably something like USD 300.
The Privatel, etc. equipment seems to be USD 400-500, with a build cost of
about USD 50-100.
Eric's goal was a chipset suitable for mobile telephony (the primary market
for secure telephones which are not inside the STE regime) and unit cost
of +USD 50, with USD 20 or so chip cost.  I'm sure there were a lot of
problems with that -- FCC licensing, the difficulties of designing chips
in general, any possible resistance from equipment/handset manufacturers,
It is highly unclear if there is enough of a market for USD 500 terminals
which are not mobile and do not interoperate with STE.  They are clearly
not going to be sold into the STE marketplace.  "Privacy fetishists"
are not a viable market for any product except maybe t-shirts with cool
slogans.  Corporate users need more sophisticated key management
than the current offerings.  The real value users want mobile (GSM)
functionality.  The  Sectra Tiger provides decent key
management and mobile use, but it's a USD 2 500 platform.  I think they will
sell more USD 2 500 DECT+GSM secure units than $500 privatels, though.
Outside the US, outside PBXes, landlines are 100% dead in the market that
can pay $500-2500 for security.  Inside the US, they may be dead too.  The
only reason I can think of to use landline is to gain some measure of
anonymity by using a random payphone or otherwise unlinkable phone; of course, anonymity is even less a viable market than privacy by about
100x, and if you really care, you can swap SIMs and optionally scramble
IMEI in flash, or just replace phones between use.
These secure phones, if they don't interoperate with STE and define their own
standards, have serious "network effects" problems.  I think the only way
around it would be to have a free or low cost software/VoIP/VoIP-PSTN/voicemodem solution.  If you gave away or sold cheaply
a software version, and sold a hardware mobile terminal at USD 5 000, you
would make more profit than if you sold only desktop terminals at USD 500-1000.
That being said, phones suck.
ryan at havenco.com     		+41 1 27 42 491 (corporate, fax)
Chief Technical Officer 	+44 (0)7970 633 277 (mobile)
HavenCo, Ltd. ||| Secure Offshore Colocation ||| 1024D/4096g 0xD2E0301F B8B8 3D95 F940 9760 C64B  DE90 07AD BE07 D2E0 301F

@_date: 2001-09-16 07:17:07
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: [Announce] HavenCo Sealand Remailer Online 
Hash: SHA1
 Subject: [Announce] HavenCo Sealand Remailer Online (remailer.havenco.com)
 Date:    Sun Sep 16 07:02:13 UTC 2001
After over a year of having HavenCo's facilities on Sealand open for
customers, I have decided to set up a remailer on a spare machine.  In light of recent events in NYC and DC, and the near certainty of both future legal actions against individual liberty in the name of "security", and possible extra-legal/terrorist action against critical parts of the Internet infrastructure by various parties, it seems prudent to establish secure offshore services as soon as possible.  Hopefully this remailer can be a small part of that.
I'd also be happy to host a private operational list (i.e. remops minus
several specific people) for remailer operators, as Len suggested a while
I plan to offer several interesting services from Sealand in the future:
      - a mail-to-news gateway (at least for interesting groups)
      - SSL web-to-remailer
      - nym services
      - possibly secure web-based email
      - possibly secure IMAP/POP3 over ssh/ssl
      - possibly "agents" which act on email messages, within certain
        sandbox environments (user-defined autoresponders, etc.)
      - secure mailing lists, archives of some security-based mailing
        lists (cypherpunks to the beginning, coderpunks, cryptography,
        remops, etc.) with full-text search
These services are in addition to HavenCo's high security managed
colocation, consulting, and software development.  More information is
available at My primary concern is limiting the usability of these services for HavenCo AUP violations; specifically spam and spam-mailbox.  A per-message
charge or decrement would likely accomplish this, along with either payment
or proof-of-work.
My goal is to make all services for pay as soon as a suitable payment
infrastructure is deployed.  Donations to support the remailer may be
made through  account 191914 with "remailer" in
the memo line. Config for remailer.havenco.com is:
Celeron 533
256MB ECC RAM
2 x 30GB disk
FreeBSD 4.4-STABLE Postfix snapshot-20010808
$remailer{"havenco"} = " cpunk mix pgp remix latent +hash cut test ek ekx esub inflt50 rhop20 reord post";
PGP Key:
Type Bits/KeyID    Date       User ID
pub 1024R/A222FA27 2001/09/16 HavenCo Sealand Anonymous Remailer

@_date: 2001-09-22 19:51:07
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: anonymous digital cash and other (now) iffy stuff 
[Moderator's note: This is quite long, and much of it is interesting
primarily to those following the Sealand saga. Since many of us
_have_, in fact, been following the Sealand saga, I'm forwarding it
for that reason. --Perry]
Quoting Phillip Hallam-Baker :
(it's "HavenCo" not "Sealand", just as ZKS is ZKS and not "Canada")
I agree the current climate is substantially worse, in terms of respect for
the rule of law, individual liberty, and the prospects for freedom of speech, than it was before the WTC bombing.   However, none of this was
unanticipated; this incident just accelerates our descent into a future
dystopia of universal monitoring, global statism, and individual subjugation, but does not at all affect where we're going.  We've been on this path for at least the past 50 years, and if this attack and the aftermath pushes us forward another 20 years in a single day, that's certainly important, but no one should be surprised when they look around themselves and don't like what they see.
(I assume you mean legislative/legal/political climate; while the nay-sayers said we'd be out of business before the end of 2000 due to lack
of demand, HavenCo at least is profitable, and I think E-Gold is as well.)
This trend is far more damaging to firms whose core business is not the provision of anonymity and privacy to clients, but which require
privacy and anonymity provided by others to make their services useful.
If it becomes more difficult to provide privacy/anonymity/security, the
demand for such services will increase even faster than the costs of providing them.  Some firms with relatively weak technical or other
basis may be unable to scale up to provide more secure solutions, but the
ensuing vacuum will encourage others to step up to the plate.
The greatest enemy of secure electronic mail, for instance, being widely
deployed is the LACK of widespread monitoring.  If every internet
connection in the US were monitored actively, and the contents were
routinely used in civil and criminal legal actions, technologies
like ZKS Freedom, PGP, SSL would be in far wider use than they are now.
Certainly an argument can be made that it is more complex to offer such
services with active government prosecution in one or more jurisdictions
around the world.  However, certain fundamental technical conditions
do not cease to be true simply due to terrorist action, political will,
or legislative fiat.  Blowing up the WTC is unlikely to have made factoring
RSA any easier than it was on 10 September, it is unlikely to have found
a backdoor in widely deployed symmetric ciphers, and it has not affected
the laws of thermodynamics to lessen the difficulty of defeating steganography.  Sure, identifiable persons, physical assets, etc. can now
be more easily attacked through legal means, at least in most of the world,
and there is public support in many countries for international military
action against others, provided at least a tenuous link to the "global
terrorist conspiracy".  However, the fundamental game is not changed.
All that is required for "cypherpunk" reality is:
[*] at least one computer with secure local execution environment     (processor, some internal secure memory for interim results)
[*] some means of permanently storing data (which can be     unreliable, monitored, etc.)
[*] some means of communication (even highly monitored, maliciously     modified, or other) to the humans involved
[*] plus, for anything reasonable, multiple such setups and some means     of communication among them in a large network, even monitored or     modified, with traffic analysis possibly limited to "a member of the     overall network" where "network" can be massively more broad than     "conspirators").  [*] Code[1].
I think it highly unlikely even a new "War on Terrorism", even if 100 times
more forceful than the "War on Drugs", will be able to eliminate every
last pre-2001 laptop computer, PDA, etc. from the earth, or the ability
for people to send email (even if monitored, and outright encrypted email
is a capital crime) and connect to a global network.  On top of that infrastructure, viable electronic cash systems protected
from traffic analysis and resistant to censorship, anonymous publication
systems, etc. can be built.  Indeed, most of the technical challenges have
been solved since the 1980s; the only difficulty has been general lack of
demand from the public, standard software engineering complexity issues,
excessive concern for legality and intellectual property concerns,
and the distraction of the dotcom boom.  If, as you seem to imply,
open warfare on personal liberty shall be declared, most of those concerns
go away; if it's a felony to deploy ecash, you'll want to be anonymous
anyway, and then violating someone's patent just doesn't seem like a big
deal in comparison.
Sealand's claim to statehood rests on the following argument:
1) An artificial island, Roughs Tower, was constructed in 1942 by the    British Government in then international waters, for the purpose of
   defense.  This island was not constructed for the purposes of extending
   the UK's territory, but only to defend the UK's mainland from air or
   sea attack.
2) Subsequent to cessation of hostilities, WWII, 1945, the UK removed    personnel and some equipment from the island, abandoning it.  The UK did    not return to the island at any subsequent point.
3) In 1966, Roy Bates, a UK citizen, along with others, landed on Sealand
   and occupied it.  It was at this point abandoned for over 20 years by
   the UK government.  Roy, his wife Joan, and son Michael established
   permanent primary residence on the island, renaming it Sealand.
4) Through repeated legal challenges, including firing on ships of the royal
   navy, mounting armed counter-invasion, resolving the issue of taxation of
   UK citizens resident on Sealand as if they were resident in any other
   foreign country, etc., Sealand's sovereignty has been repeatedly reaffirmed.
   We have a large body of supporting documentation from the past 59 years;
   I'll try to put more of it up on our website in the future.
5) Despite the UK extending territorial waters in 1987 to 12nm, Sealand
   was by that point established for more than 20 years, and extended its
   own territorial waters to 18nm the day before.  Similarly, treaties and
   amendments to the laws of the sea in the 1980s prohibiting the construction
   of platforms in international waters by sovereign governments in order to
   extend territorial waters did not apply to the UK in 1942, nor did they
   apply to Sealand when founded in 1966.  Such treaties also support the
   long legal tradition of artificial and reclaimed land being treated as    land for the purposes of international and national law.
None of this has been in the least affected by an apparent new willingness
on the part of the US and other nations to invade arbitrary other nations.
Sealand has nothing to do with any of the recent terrorist events; if Osama
bin Ladin were, for instance, living on Sealand, I would fully expect
Sealand would be asked to turn him over[1] or face invasion.  Sealand's
legal status is NOT the issue; international realpolitik of larger states
vs. smaller ones is much more the issue.  In fact, given such a situation,
it seems more likely they would treat Sealand as a state, and ask us to
comply with a demand placed in such language.
Independently of that, HavenCo operates.  If HavenCo/Sealand is shut down by invasion by the nation of -------, HavenCo can continue to operate
from other locations; indeed, eliminating Sealand would simply establish more
need for our services and ensure our next facility has more customers and
capital equipment than Sealand.
[1] There *was* a time where cypherpunks wrote code, rather than worrying     about influencing legislation; they assumed the government was     malicious and all powerful anddesigned technical systems to defeat them     still; I don't think that time is over.  Indeed, an upcoming conference,     CodeCon, exists to advance the state of the art in and promote discussion     of such systems; CFP to be sent shortly.)
[2] Which would be done, but in multiple boxes/bags/jars, just as our
    ultimate response to someone presenting a clear military threat unless we
    hand over a given customer machine is to destroy it completely and then
    refund the customer's unused balance.

@_date: 2002-06-30 18:39:09
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: maximize best case, worst case, or average case? (TCPA) 
I think dongles (and non-copyable floppies) have been around since the early 80s at least...maybe the 70s.  Tamper-resistant CPU modules have been around since the ATM network, I believe, in the form of PIN processors stored
inside safes)
The fundamental difference between a "dongle" and a full "trusted module" containing the critical application code is that with a dongle, you can
just patch the application to skip over the checks (although they can be
repeated, and relatively arcane).
If the whole application, or at least the non-cloneable parts of the application, exist in a sealed module, the rest of the application can't
be patched to just skip over this code.
Another option for this is a client server or oracle model where the really sensitive pieces (say, a magic algorithm for finding oil from GIS data,
or a good natural language processor) are stored on vendor-controlled
hardware centrally located, with only the UI executing on the end user's What I'd really like is a design which accomplishes the "good" parts of TCPA,
ensuring that when code claims to be executing in a certain form, it really is,
and providing a way to guarantee this remotely -- without making it easy
to implement restrictions on content copying.  It would be nice to have the
good parts of TCPA, and given the resistance to DRM, if security and TCPA have their fates bound, they'll probably both die an extended and painful I suppose the real difference between a crypto-specific module and a general purpose module is how much of the UI is within the trusted platform envelope.
If the module is only used for handling cryptographic keys, as an addition to
an insecure general purpose CPU, with no user I/O, it seems unlikely to be
useful for DRM.  If the entire machine is inside the envelope, it seems obviously useful for DRM, and DRM would likely be the dominant application.
If only a limited user IO is included in the envelope, sufficient for
user authentication and keying, and to allow the user to load initially-trusted code onto the general purpose CPU, but where the user
can fully use whatever general purpose code on the general purpose CPU,
even uncertified code, with the certified module, it's not really useful
for DRM, but still useful for the non-DRM security applications which are
the alleged purpose behind TCPA.
(given that text piracy doesn't seem to be a serious commercial concern,
simply keeping video and audio playback and network communications outside the TCPA envelope entirely is good enough, in practice...this way, both authentication and keying can be done in text mode, and document distribution control, privacy of records, etc. can be accomplished, provided there is ALSO the ability to do arbitrary text processing and computing outside the trusted envelope, .)
If it's the user's own data being protected, you don't need to worry about the user intentionally circumventing the protections.  Any design which
removes control from the 'superuser' of the machine is fundamentally about
protecting someone other than the user.
This, I think, is the difference between TCPA and smartcards.  Notice
which one has in its short lifetime attracted far more enmity :)
Quoting lynn.wheeler at firstdata.com :

@_date: 2002-06-30 21:19:34
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: maximize best case, worst case, or average case? (TCPA) 
Quoting lynn.wheeler at firstdata.com :
Yep -- anything which handles PINs, specifically, and some non-ATM smartcard
payment systems.
and all convenient analog streams inside the trusted, tamperproof boundary
is probably highly imperfect, perhaps to the point where it's really just
a speedbump, no more effective than popping up a dialog box saying "please
don't pirate this software" with a click though EULA.
A concrete example is the DVD.  RPC 1 allowed raw access to the encrypted
data; the encryption could be broken through several techniques (disassembly
of software players to recover keys, or as happened, vulnerabilities in the
Then they came out with RPC 2.  Implementation is highly imperfect (for a variety of reasons), but in theory, this renders the whole DeCSS issue relatively dead -- the drive itself will refuse to output a bitstream of any
kind if the region coding is wrong.
RPC 2 can, in theory, prevent the playback of media on drives without the
right region code.  It doesn't, however, prevent grabbing the bitstream off
a licensed dvd in a correct-region player, turning that into a DivX, and distributing it widely.
Any system which uses a tamper-resistant envelope which doesn't encompass the
entire digital playback stream will end up with this same vulnerability.  It
deters "casual" defeat of the DRM system -- you need to specifically seek
out a pirate copy of the movie in the first place, rather than buying a grey
market import.
In addition, there is the "analog hole"; even if the digital bitstream is
protected fully, any high-quality analog output can be re-digitized and
turned into a fairly acceptable version.   People even go so far as to do telecine of a kind, aiming a video camera at the screen in a theater.
If it is possible for the underground to distribute a worthwhile copy some
hours or days after initial release, any system with digital or analog hole
will suffer.  This is why, for instance, movies are widely divxed or illegally VCD'd; movies are still worth seeing a few hours after the first
copies hit the distributors and reviewers (still a few weeks or months ahead
of public release).  However, a live event on pay per view, like a boxing
match or world cup, is much less widely pirated in divx form; even if you can
get a good digital or analog copy of it after the event, who wants to watch it
I think this means, given a constant level of piracy and limitations on DRM,
there is a market incentive to do live and simultaneous global media events,
vs. things which are watchable later for roughly the same value.  Also, streaming p2p systems or pirate networks are far easier to detect and shut down
than systems with high inbuilt latency.
If content providers shifted their business model to emphasize these "ephemeral" forms of content, rather than things with lasting value,
they would be able to avoid problems with piracy simply by going after
very large, centralized real-time distributors.  This is ultimately far more cost effective and politically viable than trying to lock every
device in the world down.  I think there is already a marketing focus on
making "events" out of the release of even durable forms of content --
book launches, movie premieres, etc. -- in the future, perhaps, this
initial event will be the source of the majority of revenue, with residuals
after that event wrapped up in the form of service fees for access to an unlimited library.  After all, isn't going to an event like Woodstock
worth far more to the average user than a complete audio/video record
of the event after the fact?
