
@_date: 2003-02-08 20:50:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Implementation of Chosen-Ciphertext Attacks against PGP and 
[Apologies if this item was passed through the list.  It was news to me.]
Implementation of Chosen-Ciphertext Attacks against PGP and GnuPG
K. Jallad, J. Katz, and B. Schneier
Information Security Conference 2002 Proceedings, Springer-Verlag, 2002, to ABSTRACT: We recently noted that PGP and other e-mail encryption protocols are, in theory, highly vulnerable to chosen-ciphertext attacks in which the recipient of the e-mail acts as an unwitting "decryption oracle." We argued further that such attacks are quite feasible and therefore represent a serious concern. Here, we investigate these claims in more detail by attempting to implement the suggested attacks. On one hand, we are able to successfully implement the described attacks against PGP and GnuPG (two widely-used software packages) in a number of different settings. On the other hand, we show that the attacks largely fail when data is compressed before encryption.
Interestingly,the attacks are unsuccessful for largely fortuitous reasons; resistance to these attacks does not seem due to any conscious effort made to prevent them. Based on our work, we discuss those instances in which chosen-ciphertext attacks do indeed represent an important threat and hence must be taken into account in order to maintain confidentiality. We also recommend changes in the OpenPGP standard to reduce the effectiveness of our attacks in these settings.
"Reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be

@_date: 2003-06-12 16:25:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Session Fixation Vulnerability in Web Based Apps 
"A Jobless Recovery is like a Breadless Sandwich."

@_date: 2003-06-24 11:28:29
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New toy: SSLbar 
It's a toolbar for Mozilla (and related web browsers) that automatically displays the SHA1 or MD5 fingerprint of the SSL certificate when you visit an SSL secured web site. You could of course click the little padlock icon and dig through a couple of dialogs to see it, but it's much easier when it's right there in front of you on the toolbar.
So, what's the point?
If you look at the fingerprint of an SSL certificate, and compare this against a fingerprint that you obtain from the site's owner via another channel (IIP, email, PGP-signed web page, etc.) you can be absolutely certain that the certificate is legitimate, and that you are exchanging encrypted data with the persons(s) you intended to.
A more engaging description of the above - as well as SSLbar itself - can be found at "A Jobless Recovery is like a Breadless Sandwich."

@_date: 2003-03-10 18:02:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New release of Invisible IRC available 
IIP 1.1.0 (stable) is released. (2003-03-10)
Invisible IRC Project is a three-tier, peer distributed network designed to be a secure and private transport medium for high speed, low volume, dynamic content. Features:
     * Perfect Forward Security using Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange Protocol
     * Constant session key rotation
     * 128 bit Blowfish node-to-node encryption
     * 160 bit Blowfish end-to-end encryption
     * Chaffed traffic to thwart traffic analysis
     * Secure dynamic routing using cryptographically signed namespaces for node identification
     * Node level flood control
     * Seamless use of standard IRC clients
     * Gui interface
     * Peer distributed topology for protecting the identity of users
     * Completely modular in design, all protocols are plug-in capable
The IIP software is released under the GPL license and is available for Windows 98/ME/NT/2000/XP, *nix/BSD and Mac OSX.

@_date: 2003-03-11 13:17:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Groove shills for the DoD: Kapor quits board 
Software Pioneer Quits Board of Groove
By JOHN MARKOFF
SAN FRANCISCO, March 10 ? Mitchell D. Kapor, a personal computer industry software pioneer and a civil liberties activist, has resigned from the board of Groove Networks after learning that the company's software was being used by the Pentagon as part of its development of a domestic surveillance system.

@_date: 2003-03-12 08:42:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Tools for anonymous blogging 
Retain the services of virtual hosting firm which accepts e-gold for payment.  Prevailing costs about US$10.00/month.
E-gold accounts can be opened without providing accurate meatspace identity info.  If you create the account using a viable web proxy then no trail back to your originating IP should be generated.  If you are especially paranoid, you can fund one e-gold account (at  using a relatively anonymous payment method (e.g., a money order), open an anonymous ALTA/DMT account (also using a web proxy) at  transfer e-gold funds into the ALTA/DMT account and then back out to another e-gold account (also opened via a web proxy) which you use to open and pay for the virtual hosting account. Sort of Chaumian money mix. :)
I suggest using JAP (Java Anonymizing Proxy), a open source P2P proxy cloud, operated out of the University of Technology Dresden   Its free, relatively reliable and moderately good performance (I routinely get >6KB/sec bandwidth).
For relatively secure IRC communication I suggest you check out IIP, the Invisible Internet Proxy. Its easy to use with most IRC clients.  See my separate posting to the list announcing the availability of IIP 1.1.0.
"Liberty cannot be preserved without a general
knowledge among the people... Be not intimidated,
therefore, by any terrors, from publishing with the
utmost freedom...nor suffer yourselves to be wheedled
out of your liberty by any pretenses of politeness,
delicacy, or decency. These, as they are often used,
are but three different names for hypocrisy,
chicanery, and cowardice." -- John Adams

@_date: 2003-03-12 10:25:43
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: IIP 1.1.0 released (reformatted as plain text) 
Changes: In this version the installation for Unix is enhanced, entropy generation is improved and a few bugs are fixed.
The Invisible IRC Project (IIP) was originally created so that people interested in facilitating privacy and free speech could work to these ends in an equally secure and anonymous environment. It has now become a haven for anyone seeking anonymous, encrypted Internet Relay Chat. The project's inspiration arose primarily from a shared interest in the Freenet Project and a desire to provide the real-time communications capabilities that Freenet could not.
IIP features:
?       Perfect Forward Security using Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange Protocol
?       Constant session key rotation
?       128 bit Blowfish node-to-node encryption
?       160 bit Blowfish end-to-end encryption
?       Chaffed traffic to thwart traffic analysis
?       Secure dynamic routing using cryptographically signed namespaces for node identification
?       Node level flood control
?       Seamless use of standard IRC clients
?       Gui interface
?       Peer distributed topology for protecting the identity of users
?       Completely modular in design, all protocols are plug-in capable
"The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace
alarmed -- and thus clamorous to be led to safety -- by menacing
it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary."

@_date: 2003-03-12 11:49:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Tools for anonymous blogging 
Are you certain that the email originated with E-gold?  Their policy is not to email ads nor contact their clients via email.  Check the links and headers.
Unlike credit cards and banking institutions E-gold transactions are non-repudiatable.  As a result, they have been a target of many fraudsters who attempt to impersonate E-gold in email ads and bogus web sites in order to trick E-gold customers into disclosing their account numbers and passwords.  Once armed with this info they can proceed to quickly loot the person's account with little chance of discovery.
This is a downside of pseudo-anonymity.  Many people are unprepared to protect their authentication data.  The have come to depend on regulators to protect them from themselves.  In the case of E-gold their pleas almost always fall on deaf ears, and law enforcement has also been of little help.

@_date: 2003-05-16 16:22:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Taking aim at denial-of-service attacks 
May 13, 2003, 6:01 AM PT
BERKELEY, Calif.--Graduate students from Carnegie Mellon University on Monday proposed two methods aimed at greatly reducing the effects of Internet attacks.
In two papers presented at the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy here, the graduate students suggested simple modifications to network software that could defeat denial-of-service attacks and that could be implemented in the current protocol used by the Internet. The symposium, sponsored by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, began Sunday and lasts through Wednesday.
The puzzle method
The second presentation, also by a graduate student at Carnegie Mellon, proposes that servers use "puzzles"--problems that take a certain amount of processing time to solve--as a means of taxing any computer that tries to communicate with the server. Such a technique, which has also been suggested as a way to defeat spammers who send unsolicited mass e-mail, would help defend against denial-of-service attacks that attempt to tie up a victim server's memory with hundreds or thousands of connections.
The plan from XiaoFeng Wang asserts that such small tasks would hardly be noticed by legitimate users, while attackers would have to expend far more effort to do any damage. While others have suggested similar methods, Wang added to his proposal an auction-like transaction to further allow legitimate traffic to win out over attacks.
"Our mechanism enables each client to 'bid' for resources by tuning the difficulty of the puzzles it solves and to adapt its bidding strategy in response to apparent attacks," Wang stated in the paper that outlined his Bellovin also liked this idea but again said that certain issues need to be "It will work up to a point," he said. "The problem is that spammers and denial-of-service attacks are not using their own machines. If they need 16 times as many computers, they can--most likely--easily get that many more."
