
@_date: 2002-07-05 03:52:52
@_author: Seth David Schoen 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
The latter is closest to what's intended in Palladium.  Individual
programs using Palladium features are able to prevent one another from
reading their executing or stored state.  You can write your own
programs, but somebody else can also write programs which can process
data in a way that your programs can't interact with.
The Palladium security model and features are different from Unix, but
you can imagine by rough analogy a Unix implementation on a system
with protected memory.  Every process can have its own virtual memory
space, read and write files, interact with the user, etc.  But
normally a program can't read another program's memory without the
other program's permission.
The analogy starts to break down, though: in Unix a process running as
the superuser or code running in kernel mode may be able to ignore
memory protection and monitor or control an arbitrary process.  In
Palladium, if a system is started in a trusted mode, not even the OS
kernel will have access to all system resources.  That limitation
doesn't stop you from writing your own application software or scripts.
Interestingly, Palladium and TCPA both allow you to modify any part of
the software installed on your system (though not your hardware).  The
worst thing which can happen to you as a result is that the system
will know that it is no longer "trusted", or will otherwise be able to
recognize or take account of the changes you made.  In principle,
there's nothing wrong with running "untrusted"; particular applications
or services which relied on a trusted feature, including sealed
storage (see below), may fail to operate.
Palladium and TCPA both allow an application to make use of
hardware-based encryption and decryption in a scheme called "sealed
storage" which uses a hash of the running system's software as part of
the key.  One result of this is that, if you change relevant parts of
the software, the hardware will no longer be able to perform the
decryption step.  To oversimplify slightly, you could imagine that the
hardware uses the currently-running OS kernel's hash as part of this
key.  Then, if you change the kernel in any way (which you're
permitted to do), applications running under it will find that they're
no longer able to decrypt "sealed" files which were created under the
original kernel.  Rebooting with the original kernel will restore the
ability to decrypt, because the hash will again match the original
kernel's hash.
(I've been reading TCPA specs and recently met with some Microsoft
Palladium team members.  But I'm still learning about both systems and
may well have made some mistakes in my description.)

@_date: 2002-03-29 21:14:10
@_author: Seth David Schoen 
@_subject: DMCA Still Faces Its First Criminal Test 
The article by Elinor Mills Abreu at
claims that _two_ people have already been convicted of, or pleaded
guilty to, criminal DMCA violations -- one unnamed person in Nebraska
and one person just recently in California.  My colleague Robin Gross
is quoted as saying that the Mohsin Mynaf case is "the first time the
DMCA has been used to go after someone who is actually infringing
copyright".  Mynaf was apparently prosecuted for using a Macrovision
corrector in the course of infringing the copyright on movies
(presumably an act-of-circumvention case rather than a tools case).
The first _civil_ case brought under the DMCA's anticircumvention
provisions is probably the little-known _RealNetworks v. Streambox_,
in Federal court in Washington state, which came to an unhappy end in
The Elcomsoft case might have the distinction of being the first
criminal case involving a _challenge_ to the anticircumvention
provisions, but it isn't the first criminal case in which they've been
Another colleague of mine is compiling a list of all court cases in
which anticircumvention claims were brought under the DMCA.  If you
know of any -- other than the ones EFF has been involved in -- please
let me know.

@_date: 2002-05-13 02:08:35
@_author: Seth David Schoen 
@_subject: Pact Reached to Stop Pirating Of Digital TV Over the Internet 
It's not a watermark.  It's a single bit.  All the technical people
involved in the process know that it isn't a watermark.  Perhaps these
reporters are just using "watermark" because they're used to
applications of watermarking along these lines, or perhaps someone
used watermarking as a metaphor.  But there's no watermark here, just
a "redistribution control" bit.
This proposal is a government mandate to ban digital TV receivers
unless they are "robust" (non-user-serviceable) and provide only
"Approved Outputs" and "Approved Recording Methods" for broadcasts in
which that bit is present.
That's still true.  We are working with many organizations which
oppose this legislation to make it clear that there is no broad
"consensus" here.  (The agreement on which this article is reporting
is an agreement between the MPAA, two DRM consortia, and several
computer manufacturers.  That's hardly all the "affected industries"

@_date: 2002-05-13 14:15:01
@_author: Seth David Schoen 
@_subject: Pact Reached to Stop Pirating Of Digital TV Over the Internet 
Interfering with that use isn't a design feature of the current BPDG
proposal.  There is an effort to use legislation like this to begin to
eradicate open-standards-only equipment from the market (Hollywood
executives are calling CE equipment without DRM "legacy equipment"!),
but there is no current clear proposal to ban support for open
There is the general risk that hardware could be required to assume
by default that input data is copyrighted and being copied without
permission (a "guilty until proven innocent" policy).  A rule like
that is not part of the current Hollywood-supported mandate, but might
be at issue in the next round, which is meant to involve regulating
analog-to-digital convertors.
