
@_date: 2013-12-25 12:16:58
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Passwords are dying - get over it 
physical lock than I can get online.  Maybe I'll put a key file on my phone
and try to be a bit more secure with my TrueCrypt password safe.  I
certainly can't count on just their key stretching.
I carry mine on my keyring, on a gnupg smartcard in a gemalto shell. I also
use it for X.509 auth via scute. If you want something cheaper and slightly
less tamper-proof, get a Gnuk token. Both are USB only; I'm guessing Google
will use something like the Yubikey Neo, which supports NFC, for their
password elimination master plan.
What's wrong with this approach? It is analogous to what everyone does for
physical security already.

@_date: 2014-01-17 11:17:19
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference boycott 
So, if I hire a security guard, and an unauthorized individual "tricks"
them into letting them past and then steals all that stuff, should I let
that guard keep their job? The job of the security guard is NOT to be
tricked, and the job of RSA was to keep their users safe. They fell down on
the job, and many of us don't feel that the harm to their reputation will
be sufficient when it's primarily execs who know nothing about security
making purchasing decisions. Security companies need to be AFRAID of making
the same mistake. They should quake in their boots at the mere thought of
being perceived as cooperating with the government.
Personally, I'd like to see RSA obliterated and its shares worth zero and
all of its executives left destitute. Boycotting the conference is a tiny
token act compared to what should really happen when a security company
doesn't just fail in its core mission but does exactly the opposite to its
customers of what it promised.

@_date: 2015-08-14 20:25:50
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Threatwatch: CIN - Corruptor-Injector Network 
It seems to me that your second paragraph contradicts your first. In my
experience, there are plenty of programmers who don't know or care much
about the systems-level stuff anyway; they get devops people to handle it
for them. We get shell scripts, etc, *because* we don't have a system that
extends the object model down to the system level.
By and large the operating system is going away as a consideration for
deploying apps. If I want to deploy something, I write a Dockerfile and run
a couple commands to build the docker image and deploy it to the cloud.
There's no Apache config because the web server is built in to the
application. And there are no shell scripts because Docker handles starting
the application for me. Any changes to the OS would be handled by changes
to the base Docker image I depend on.
If anything, I think switching to an object-capability model at the OS
level would eliminate an impedance mismatch and make it easier for
developers to deploy code.

@_date: 2015-06-16 15:41:21
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Lastpass hacked. 
Apparently lastpass was hacked, What else should a password service
do day in and day out?  What should a customer do beyond adding something
not on line?
 Use something that doesn't have a giant target painted on it, at least
relative to the size of the defender? Use a service where every single
packet passing through their network isn't juicy passwords? How about
KeePass on SyncThing or Tahoe LAFS?

@_date: 2015-06-17 16:31:04
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: [Cryptography] password fatigue; was: Lastpass 
You lost me at "You have to secure..." This is obviously relevant to the
people on this list, but it's not going to fly for the world at large.
People like us need to start building secure systems for people to use,
where security doesn't rely on being a security expert. (I see from  that
we seem to agree on this).
YES. Passwords are fundamentally broken. We need two factor authentication
at the very least. But I think for most of the world, the second factor
will need to live in secure storage on their phone, combined with some sort
of proof-of-presence. It can still probably be MitMed on the phone itself,
but the only real solution to that is to have a reasonably secure mobile OS.
Ok well obviously we agree on this part.
3c) The only way I can see to solve the password fatigue
SRP still starts with a password, and passwords can be phished. An RSA key
in an HSM with a PIN would be better than something like SRP. Still zero
knowledge between the client and server, but much harder to phish or MITM.
Not one that doesn't involve a hardware token of some kind. But if you're
willing to accept a token, U2F seems pretty close to ideal. (Disclaimer: I
started working at Google recently, so I could be considered biased on
this. However, nobody has been able to MITM U2F yet.)
That's an advantage of having dedicated hardware to do it. Smaller attack
That would be cool. You're right, there's no excuse whatsoever for not
issuing everyone involved a hardware token or something. Of course, any
time you buy hardware, you're going through the government contracting
process, which is probably no-bid/cost-plus. Or they just pick RSA and use
tokens that can be easily MITMed.
Why do you think Google doesn't do this already?
and Neither of these avoids tunneling passwords over SSL, but the password need
only be one layer. But if you're stuck with that, there's stuff like the
Password Alert extension, which while it's specific to your Google account,
could easily be extended to watch for other important (and non-reused)
I do like the idea of having a special field type or dialog that can't be
spoofed and does something like SRP, though you'd have to teach users to
only type their passwords into that field/dialog, and that's a hard problem
if every site doesn't support it.

@_date: 2016-04-04 10:21:49
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Near field and crypto 
Sure, I already use a Yubikey NEO, which supports both NFC and direct USB
plug-in, for a few different crypto apps. I use it as a second factor via
FIDO U2F. I store my OATH-TOTP secrets in it. And it holds RSA keys for PGP
crypto, PGP signing (of documents, not keys), and SSH authentication. There
is an applet that will store static passwords as well, but you really don't
want to use anything that can be read out of the device. Better to have the
device do some crypto operation that can't be used to figure out the secret
it stores. Protected with a passphrase, of course, to slow down anyone who
steals it long enough that you can revoke the secrets stored on it.

@_date: 2016-02-08 22:13:10
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [tor-talk] Cicada 3301: 2016 
I'm surprised anyone thinks this could possibly be anything besides a viral
marketing campaign. AR games are all the rage these days.

@_date: 2016-01-08 00:26:32
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: [Cryptography] FTC sues for crappy crypto 
It's interesting to me that the complaint here isn't that they were
providing crappy crypto or that dentists were exposing their patients'
private data, but that they *lied* about their crypto. That's fraud, to be
sure. But it seems unlikely to me that, had they marketed it as "data
camouflage" and not encryption, it would have made any difference to the
dentists, particularly since there seems to be no actual law saying that
the data need to be encrypted. So the FTC isn't actually protecting anyone
here, just making sure their own people stay employed.

@_date: 2016-01-08 18:54:51
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: [Cryptography] FTC sues for crappy crypto 
Indeed, but if there is actual harm to a customer, don't we already have a
mechanism to deal with that in the form of class action lawsuits?
Now, you may say that software that maintains medical records "clearly
Personally, I don't think laws like this are a great way to protect
people's privacy, because they give the consumer a false sense of security.
On the other hand, there should be some liability when a company fails to
protect information it was reasonably expected to protect, which means some
kind of guidelines, perhaps in the form of liability limits if the vendor
meets certain standards and isn't negligent.
I'm not anti-regulation, especially in the presence of government-granted
privilege, but regulation is about as blunt an instrument as one can
imagine. And then you get the problems of regulatory capture and
regulators/bureaucrats over-regulating or only going after easy targets in
order to justify their existence. I'd classify this as one of those easy
I think a better solution to the more general problem of companies failing
to protect the data people entrust to them is some sort of certification
scheme along the lines of Underwriters' Laboratories. You could have
competing private certification organizations funded not by applications
but by, say, insurance companies, an endowment, or some other mechanism
that is aligned with the interests of consumers and not vendors. In order
to be insured against liability for data leakage, companies would need to
be certified by some organization recognized by the insurance company. It's
not altogether different from PCI, though I'd prefer it not be associated
with a cartel like the payments industry has.
Of course, an organization would always be free to self-insure. I don't
have any idea how any certification organization could certify Google or
even AWS that is operating on the frontiers of computer security, but when
you're talking about something like a dentist, I don't see how anything BUT
certification could work.

@_date: 2016-01-08 19:00:50
@_author: Sean Lynch 
@_subject: [Cryptography] FTC sues for crappy crypto 
with some dedication.
I thought I'd seen mention of HIPAA but then couldn't find it again. But
the complaint says "If dentists were aware that Dentrix G5 used a form of
data protection that was more vulnerable than widely-used, industry
standard encryption algorithms, they *may* have chosen to purchase another
product." (Emphasis mine.) Which leads me to believe that using this
product does NOT violate HIPAA, or I imagine they would have used different
phrasing. Unless what you're saying is that HIPAA gives leeway in how
providers' protect data and that dentists would potentially be exposed to
additional liability because of using Dentrix G5, and thus dentists WOULD
care about "data camouflage" versus "encryption," but I kinda doubt that
most dentists are even capable of distinguishing between those terms.
Certification by some private third party recognized by their data-theft
insurance carrier would make more sense.
