
@_date: 2015-12-15 22:59:53
@_author: sebastien riou 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Photon beam splitters for "true" random number 
For those who can't afford idquantique stuff and can't want higher
rates than few kb/s, there are methods to generates hundreds of mega
bytes per second on FPGAs. I came up with one and implemented it on a
25$ board from Lattice, in the end the FTDI chip used to do the USB
connection was the bottleneck, even after applying AES128 CMAC on 3
blocks to output 1 (more info on  , I can
share the source on request). A 100$ spartan6 board programming
directly a SDcard may well take less than 9 hours, basically you can
go as fast as the write speed of the card because you can add an awful
lot of TRNGs in parallel in a single spartan6, potentially each of
them of a different type...
With FPGAs you get not only speed but also a pretty good garantee that
your numbers are not compromised in some way, assuming you generate
your own bitfile (and review the source or write your own). Sure
that's some work but that's a piece of cake compared to the analog
approaches, you don't need to do your own PCB for one...
If the purpose of programming flash drives is to use as one time pad,
you can even write 2 or more cards at the same time if you have some
soldering skills :-)

@_date: 2016-04-16 14:06:04
@_author: sebastien riou 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Simple IoT sensor encryption ? 
Let's take the use case mentioned by Christian:
That highlights that even a sensor node needs a lot more than just a
public key. At least it needs to have a private key (symmetric or
asymmetric) to be able to prove its identity.
If the sensor can prove its identity, the attacker cannot simply
replace it with a fake one she controls.
The next level of attack would be to fool the sensing mechanism. This
is much more difficult to prevent and beyond the scope of crypto,
let's put that aside for now.
The sensor node has to keep at least one secret key, the only way to
deal with that is to store that key inside the chip and implement the
crypto with side channel and fault attacks countermeasures. This is
easier said than done but that's possible even on low end
micro-controllers (well depends on bandwidth requirements, the crypto
algo and the amount of RAM of course).
A word of caution about implementing such things: the published
countermeasures have a long history of being advertised as "provably
secure" only to be broken the next year so it is highly recommended to
hire an expert on that rather than taking a paper and try to follow it
(and very few paper address both side channels and fault anyway). This
is very much like cryptographers saying "don't make your own crypto",
I don't like saying or hearing that kind of thing nevertheless this is
so true. Last word of caution: stay away from any "expert" who don't
know how to perform those attacks.
There are also advanced lab attack such as micro probing and FIB. A
standard micro-controller is helpless against those ones fortunately
they are rarely seen as realistic threat due to their complexity and
cost. If they are realistic for a particular use case, then a high
security IC such as secure element from NXP/Infineon/Samsung/ST is
really needed.

@_date: 2020-06-02 00:32:10
@_author: sebastien riou 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Cubbit 
Interesting! I have been toying with that idea for years, always saying
"let's start tomorrow"...
They say the right things except:
- The price tag, it is a no go for most. As our world becomes ever more
digitalized a serious solution for personal data storage is needed for the
masses. That said if all other aspects were satisfactory I would not mind
(make it work, then optimize...)
- They do not mention anywhere that the code will be open source. This is a
show stopper for the client obviously, but also for the nodes as we just
have to trust their words about the sharding and replication. Even a
motivated individual will not be able to verify experimentally as there is
no way to know/force the nodes which store one's data.
- As John already noted, there is a coordinator node. I don't think the
money will be the problem, at this price level they could operate it
profitably with selling modest amounts every month. As those boxes will not
be eternal, at some point there will be recurring purchases. What I don't
like in this centralized coordinator node is that it is a single point of
failure and that it is controlled by very few people. It is definitely a
great target for someone who wants to ask for a ransom. An authoritarian
state which does not like all that encrypted storage may take it down.
Trump may come up with a surprise decree impacting it in some way (I won't
even try to think about something plausible, this is a futile exercise).
 Peter mentioned storj.io, which has plenty of open source :-). But:
- Apparently no centralized coordinator but it is somewhere, else how they
would be able to charge customers and pay node operators ?
- It is not aimed at consumers, no GUI client as far as I can see, just
libraries and a CLI
- If that happens and they get big, mega node operators will emerge in
countries where the energy is cheap (and probably dirty), so all my data
may actually be centralized nearby a volcano or at least within the same
country (a country is usually rather large but shit happens, a war could
break out in that country).
- they are the marketplace, so they may increase their cut at will.
In short the ideal spec from my point of view would be:
- the form factor of cubbit so that ordinary people all over the world can
put some capacity online without having to read any documentation. you plug
it, pair with your phone and that's it.
- lower price, think in the same ballpark as raspeberry
- no centralized coordinator
- developed by people who are not in this for the money:
    - open source as much as possible so that third parties can develop
clients, make and distribute alternative node hardware or even setup an
alternative network.
    - no marketplace, simple relation between the capacity you put online
and the capacity you get.
- and then all the good stuff about crypto/sharding/replication of course.
If someone find that vision interesting, maybe we could be two or three
saying "let's start tomorrow" and then it could actually happen!
Meanwhile I would be interested if anyone could recommend a usable client
for personal use of storj.
