
@_date: 2002-08-08 00:31:35
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: TCPA and Palladium: Content Control for the Masses 
The most fundamental, unavoidable problem with TCPA and
Palladium is not whether they can (or will be used to)
restrict the use of the universal logic device; it is rather
the political premises that they are implementing for the
sake of the "content industries."
TCPA is the technological realization of the concepts
embodied in the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty
(WPPT), which only came into effect this past May 20th (with
little public notice, of course).  The WPPT declares an
unprecedented "moral right" of authors to control public
uses of their works.
That's the game plan.
TCPA and Palladium are simply content control for the
masses.  They constitute an effort to "democratize" content
control under the concept of "moral rights," encouraging
people to confuse private interest issues such as privacy
and security with the clear public interest issues raised by
the specter of content control.  And encouraging the public
to jump on the bandwagon.
In America, we have never supported the concept of "moral
rights" embodied in the WPPT.  The US Constitution accords
Congress the power to grant (or deny, for that matter)
exclusive rights to works and inventions for the purpose of
promoting the progress of the useful arts and sciences, not
for the purpose of rewarding the originality of creators --
though that is obviously a consequence of exclusive rights
as they have been implemented in statute so far.  However,
in America, we have traditionally understood the difference
between expression, which copyright statute has used to
delineate its scope up to now, and the facts and ideas that
comprise an expressive work.  The reasons for that are
essential and unavoidable -- information is free; it's not
that it wants to be; it is and lways has been.  They are
unavoidable, that is, except in a world that subscribes to
"universal content control" for the sake of so-called "moral
TCPA and Palladium are initiatives that hope to encourage
producers of information products to identify content
control with "moral rights," blithely overlooking the real
implications of information technology in a free society.
Seth Johnson

@_date: 2002-08-10 00:43:01
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
TCPA and Palladium are content control for the masses.  They
are an attempt to encourage the public to confuse the public
interest issues of content control with the private interest
issues of privacy and security.
Seth Johnson

@_date: 2002-08-14 09:34:11
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: MS White Paper Says Palladium not DRM 
MS white paper says Palladium open, clean, not DRM
By John Lettice
Posted: 17/07/2002 at 09:25 GMT
A final draft of Microsoft's Palladium consultation white
paper appears to have escaped, and is currently being hosted
by Neowin.net. Microsoft intends to open Palladium up for
discussion, but it's not as yet clear to us whether this
means it will be distributing the white paper to all and
sundry, or whether it envisages a more restricted
distribution list. In any event we haven't been able to nail
down anywhere on the Microsoft site you can get it,* or any
mention of the Microsoft Content Security Business Unit,
which authored it. There's much in the paper that's interesting, and it's even
interesting that it's in PDF format, rather than Word - the
authors are clearly having a bash at being ecumenical.
Palladium, it stresses, is not an operating system, but a
collection of trusted subsystems and components that are
opt-in. You will not get the advantages of Palladium if you
don't opt in, of course, but you don't have to. It's als
some years off, but one of the objectives is to make "a
Windows-based device a trustworthy environment for any
data." Which is a tall order. Software will have to be rewritten or specially developed to
take advantage of Palladium, and software of this class is
referred to as a Trusted Agent. Users will be able to
separate their data into "realms," which are analogous to
vaults and can have varying access and security criteria.
The system does not need to know who you are, indeed doesn't
really want to know who you are, because it's about
verifying the identity of machines. So a company could
identify an employee's home machine for secure operation
remotely on the corporate network. Then it gets really interesting. "Palladium will not require
Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology, and DRM will not
require Palladium... They are separate technologies." Now,
we know they don't need to be separate technologies, we know
that Palladium could enhance DRM considerably, and we
suspect that at least some people at Microsoft would take
this route if they thought they could get away with it. But
the authors here seem to have concluded that Palladium will
not fly if it has a whiff of DRM about it, and are
determined to distance themselves. This is good, people, if
we all keep shouting 'DRM bad!' they stand a chance of not
having their minds changed for them. Deeper into the Department of Bizarre Revolutions we have:
"A Palladium system will be open at all levels." The
hardware will "run any TOR" (Trusted Operating Root), the
TOR will run "trusted agents from any publisher," will "work
with any trusted service provider," (the authors envisage
this as a new service category) and it'll all be
independently verified. TOR source code will be published, Palladium will be
regularly examined "by a credible security auditor" and
anyone "can certify Palladium hardware or software, and we
expect that many companies and organizations will offer this
service." Of course, right now these are only words, the terms and
conditions for publication, verification and auditing
haven't been revealed, and Microsoft has a long and
inglorious record in Untrustworthy Industry Leadership to
overcome before we entirely buy the Trustworthy Computing
pitch. However, as far as it goes, this little lot sounds
plausible. If it were any other company, you might even be
inclined to take it at face value. Keep talking, people, and
prove you mean it. ? * We have, bizarrely, found an entirely unconnected
Palladium white paper on an entirely different Palladium
from Templar Corporation. You're probably not interested
(we're not), but it's here.

@_date: 2002-08-14 09:31:14
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: MS recruits for Palladium microkernel and/or DRM platform 
(Forwarded from Digital Bearer Settlement List)
-------- Original Message --------
MS recruits for Palladium microkernel and/or DRM platform
By John Lettice
Posted: 13/08/2002 at 10:23 GMT
Microsoft's efforts to disassociate Palladium from DRM seem
to have hit their first speed bump. Some voices within the
company (and we currently believe these voices to be right
and sensible) hold the view that Palladium has to be about
users' security if it's to stand any chance of winning
hearts and minds, and that associating it with protecting
the music business' IP will be the kiss of death. So they'll
probably not be best pleased by the Microsoft job ad that
seeks a group program manager "interested in being part of
Microsoft's effort to build the Digital Rights Management
(DRM) and trusted platforms of the future (Palladium)."
Oh dear. It's one of a clutch of Palladium job ads currently
up on the site, and is the most blatantly off-message one.
While the authors of Microsoft's discussion white paper on
Palladium say, "Palladium will not require Digital Rights
Management (DRM) technology, and DRM will not require
Palladium... They are separate technologies," the author of
this ad continues: "Our technology allows content providers,
enterprises and consumers to control what others can do with
their digital information, such as documents, music, video,
ebooks, and software. Become a key leader, providing vision
and industry leadership in developing DRM, Palladium and
Software Licensing products and Trust Infrastructure
Services. If you are looking for an opportunity to get in on
the ground floor of a critical new area for MS and a
position with autonomy and growth, then this is an ideal
Content providers controlling their documents, music, video,
ebooks, a critical new area for MS, oh dear oh dear. And we
quite liked: "Additional responsibilities include defining
the industry..." Gosh, the whole industry? That's a
responsible job, but we thought Microsoft was supposed to
have given this sort of thing up. The post will also
"include collaboration and technology sharing across CSBU
[Content Security Business Unit, whose bag Palladium is] and
with other MS teams, such as Office, STS, Avalon, CLR,
Windows Media Foundation, eHome, Pocket PC, Mira, MSXML,
GXA, and .Net Framework."
There's a handy list of current MS teams for you, people. So
Windows Media is a Foundation now, and what's an Avalon when
it's at home, anyone?
Job two, SDE lead, is much more on message and quite
interesting, as it provides some clues about the way
Palladium will be built. "What is Palladium? We are a
windows team working on new, trust-oriented Windows
features, re-architecting and re-developing the Windows PC
platform from the hardware up. We will dramatically enhance
the level of Security available to any customer who wishes
to enhance the Privacy, Security, and Data/Content
Protection aspects of their applications. We will offer
customers a very high level of data protection, no matter
where they live, who they are, or what they are trying to
protect." Aside from that Data/Content Protection, it's
almost unworrying. Here's the techie bit:
"Own lean and mean team of 4 senior developers building the
very guts of this new security software. This is one of the
very few opportunities to build a micro-kernel from scratch.
We're keeping everything that's cool about a micro-kernel
and nothing that's not. Responsibilities include:
abstraction of hardware from the security modes of the new
CPUs to cryptographic input devices, process control, from
laying out the image in memory, to providing system
services, from providing memory management to interrupt
handling, from a debugger to the fundamentals of structured
exception handling. No file system, no networking, nothing
complicated, only elegant. This is a dream job."
Indeed it is. The approach sounds similar to the one the
early NT development team took, before marketing started
maiming the thing.
Also wanted is a secure application architect, who "will be
responsible for application strategy and design. The Secure
Application Architect will work with development, marketing
and internal and external customers to identify trusted
application scenarios that will be supported. He/she will
then be responsible for executing the strategy: providing
support and guidance for application developers, and working
with the internal Palladium team to ensure that the
necessary system services and infrastructure are in place."
So this one could be the nark. Apply here, here or here.
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation
44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and
antiquity, [predicting the end of the world] has not been
found agreeable to experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline
and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 2002-08-15 13:29:09
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Glimpse of a Palladiated Future 
(Forwarded from DMCA Activists list.  Article text pasted
below.  -- Seth)
-------- Original Message --------
In short:
1.) Guy rips CD's using Windows Media Player, and forgets to
turn the "Copy Protection" option off.
2.) Guy copies files off machine.
3.) Guy reloads machine
4.) Guy puts files back.
5.) Files no longer play.
Now, the article talks about ways to get around it, even to
stop it from happening in the first pace, but:
1.) What if there is no "copy protection" option anymore in
2.) What if WMP is the only Palladium "trusted app" so
another app is out of the question?
3.) Given 2, what if therefore WMP is the only way to play
Sounds to me like a central licensing authority will know
every time you rip a CD, and play a ripped CD.
And, of course, we won't even get into the fact that forging
the necessary licenses to play the music, or reverse
engineering the file format to dump it to another type (if
possible) is a violation of the DMCA...

@_date: 2002-08-15 18:47:40
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Internet Society on Digital Restrictions Management 
(Forwarded from CYBERIA list)
-------- Original Message --------
--- begin forwarded text
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
August 15, 2002
Contact: Julie Williams
703-326-9880, x111; 703-402-6715 cell
Statement of the Internet Society on Digital Rights
Washington, D.C. - The Internet Society strongly opposes
attempts to impose governmental technology mandates that are
designed to protect only the economic interests of certain
owners of intellectual property over the economic interests
of much larger portions of society.  The current debate in
many countries of the world regarding digital rights
management (DRM) has illustrated the inevitable conclusion
of technology mandates in law: a world where all digital
media technology is either forbidden or compulsory. The
effect of these mandates is to grant veto power over new
technologies to special interest groups who have continually
opposed innovation.
There are many policy reasons that can be advanced to oppose
government intervention in technology.  Society at large has
a powerful economic interest in promoting research resulting
in the creation of new products and services as well as new
jobs. Many of the legislative proposals currently under
consideration would shackle technology and the research
needed to support it, solely for the benefit of one small
group. From the standpoint of sound public policy,
intellectual property rights must be respected but must also
be kept in balance with other rights and interests. In
particular, copyright law is a kind of "bargain" between
rights owners and consumers. Copyright, except in rare
instances, is not perpetual, and there are a wide range of
fair use exceptions to copyright that limit its restraints.
Without these limits, copyright would soon become an
oppressive burden on creativity and freedom of expression.
The Internet Society acknowledges these policy
considerations, but also believes that there are other even
more persuasive arguments, based on sound engineering and
technological principles, that show the folly of government
mandated technology.
Technology mandates are inherently anti-innovative. The
entire concept of a mandate is that it freezes a particular
technology at a point in time, and inhibits research and
development on new and better technology. Technological
standards are desirable and even necessary for widespread
implementation of new technology, but all standards sooner
or later must give way to new standards. This process should
not be impeded by legislation that effectively prohibits
research and development.
A classic illustration of the dangers of DRM legislation may
be found in legislation enacted by many countries as part of
their treaty obligations under the World Intellectual
Property Organization (WIPO) copyright treaties. The
so-called Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), passed by
the United States Congress in 1998, is an example. Under the
WIPO treaties, the United States, like the other countries
bound by the treaties, had an obligation to "provide 'legal
protection and effective legal remedies' against
circumventing technological measures, e.g., encryption and
password protection, that are used by copyright owners to
protect their works from piracy . . ." [See S. Rep. No.
105-190, at 8, 10-11 (1998)].  The DMCA, in responding to
this obligation, illustrates the "law of unintended
consequences." While purporting to help copyright owners, it
seriously threatens research in the field of encryption for
The DMCA prohibits "circumvention" of existing technological
measures (such as encryption) that control access to a work
and encryption; it prohibits "trafficking" in technology
designed to circumvent access control; and it prohibits
"trafficking" in technology designed to circumvent copying.
These prohibitions are subject to certain exceptions; the
DMCA acknowledges rights of fair use, so that, in certain
limited circumstances, circumvention of copying protection
for purposes of fair use of an encrypted work does not
violate the act.
Another important exception is the separate provision of the
DMCA that allows circumvention of access controls for the
purpose of encryption research to identify flaws and
vulnerabilities of encryption technology. This provision is
narrowly drawn with explicit conditions relating to good
faith in performing research. Most significantly, the
exception is for access only; it does not permit what the
act refers to as trafficking in such research.
The danger to research presented by statutes like the DMCA
is best illustrated by a real world example of a researcher
in the field of encryption. Just because cryptography can be
or is being used for purposes other than copyright
protection, does not mean it is not also used for copyright
protection and therefore subject to the provision of the
DMCA. Although a researcher may be looking at a certain type
of cryptographic technology that is used to protect packets
containing information in the public domain, that same
technology might also be used to protect other packets that
contain copyrighted data, unknown to the researcher.
Likewise, a researcher might attempt to break the protection
on an item without realizing that the protected item is a
copyrighted work, which may not be discovered, if at all,
until it is too late. But the issue isn't whether the
researcher has cracked the protection - the issue is what
the researcher may do with the resulting information.
A central question for encryption researchers is whether
publishing the results of their research amounts to
disseminating something whose primary purpose is to
circumvent copyright protection. Under the DMCA, the act of
circumventing access controls for good faith research,
standing alone, is, generally speaking, legitimate. This
does not present great problems to researchers. However,
when the researcher then wishes to publish the results of
the research, the DMCA provides a test of the intent of the
original circumvention that depends on whether the
subsequent publication is made to "advance the state of
knowledge" of encryption research, or whether it is made "in
a manner that facilitates infringement." In other words, if
the researcher acts in good faith to circumvent access
control and publishes with the intent of reaching other
researchers, but the information ends up being "disseminated
in a manner that facilitates infringement," then the
original circumvention of the access controls may have been
illegal. Since there are both civil and criminal remedies
available to copyright owners, the researcher faces serious
dilemmas in deciding whether, how and when to publish.
There are already court decisions in the United States and
elsewhere involving both civil and criminal aspects of the
publication of encryption research. Many prominent figures
in the field have already spoken out against the chilling
effect of legislative interference with research in
technology. The Internet Society calls on the legislatures
of the world to limit the damage caused by shortsighted
legislative efforts, intended to carry out the seemingly
high-minded purposes of the copyright treaties, that instead
threaten the advancement of science and technology.
About ISOC
The Internet Society is a not-for-profit membership
organization founded in 1991 to provide leadership in the
management of Internet related standards, educational, and
policy development issues.  It has offices in Washington, DC
and Geneva, Switzerland. Through its current initiatives in
support of education and training, Internet standards and
protocol, and public policy, ISOC has played a critical role
in ensuring that the Internet has developed in a stable and
open manner.  It is the organizational home of the Internet
Engineering Task Force (IETF), the Internet Architecture
Board (IAB), the Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG)
and other Internet-related bodies.
For over 10 years ISOC has run international network
training programs for developing countries which have played
a vital role in setting up the Internet connections and
networks in virtually every country that has connected to
the Internet during this time, while at the same time
working to protect the Internet's stability.  ISOC is taking
the next step in this evolution with the recent announcement
of its intent to bid for the .ORG registry based on the
belief that a thriving non-commercial presence is a key
element in developing a strong social and technical
infrastructure in all nations.  For additional information
see --- end forwarded text
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation
44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and
antiquity, [predicting the end of the world] has not been
found agreeable to experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline
and Fall of the Roman Empire'
For Listserv Instructions, see
Off-Topic threads:
Need more help? Send mail to:
Cyberia-L-Request at listserv.aol.com

@_date: 2002-08-15 22:29:13
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Universal Content Control 
And *this* is *exactly* what's wrong with Palladium and
They want you to talk about how "consumers will benefit,"
while you overlook what they really mean:
*Universal content control* -- the social engineering of an
abject obliviousness to the plain fact that *information is
free.*  It's not that it *wants* to be; it *is* and it
always has been.
Exclusive rights only cover expression, not the elements
thereof.  Nobody has exclusive rights to facts and ideas.
There is simply no reasonable argument anyone is ever going
to be able to concoct to support the ludicrous notion that
constraining our right to use the information we receive,
meets even the most basic of principles of a free society.
Seth Johnson

@_date: 2002-08-22 12:52:10
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Palladium FAQ 
Message from Cryptography list below; FAQ text pasted below
that.  Note in particular the following passage:
Q: What's the difference between "Palladium" and DRM? A: Digital rights management (DRM) generally refers to
software and/or hardware systems that enforce policies that
mediate access to digital content or services on machines in
the control of entities other than the content or service
provider. Once the user of a machine accepts a set of
policies, DRM systems are designed to enforce those policies
even if the machine owner (or malicious software running on
the user's machine) subsequently tries to subvert them.
Microsoft says Palladium is not DRM, because their game is
*universal content control.*  They intend to provide to one
and all, the technological means to enforce the
unprecedented notion that information producers have a
"moral right" to control *how the public makes use of
information.*  Microsoft says Palladium is not DRM because
Microsoft defines DRM as mediating access on "machines in
the control of *entities other than* the content or service
provider" -- whereas Palladium is designed to mediate access
on machines *in the control of the content or service
provider* -- *not* the actual owner of the logic device
They are attempting to make it sound like they are
dispelling abusive third parties, when in fact they are
attacking free society in the name of the notion of "moral
Seth Johnson
-------- Original Message --------
cryptography at wasabisystems.com,
mail2news at anon.lcs.mit.edu
Microsoft has apparently just made available a new FAQ on
its controversial Palladium technology at
Hopefully Microsoft will continue to release information
about Palladium.
That should help to bring some of the more outrageous rumors

@_date: 2002-10-30 04:07:39
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Treacherous Computing Masterclass: London, November 7th 
(Forwarded from EROS Operating System Architects list)
Sent: Wednesday, October 09, 2002 11:00 AM
Good Afternoon,
Netproject is running a "Trusted Computing Masterclass" in
London on 7th November. Details are below - the speaker
line-up looks very strong, and includes the manager of the
Palladium programme at Microsoft, and leading InfoSec
researcher Ross Anderson.
There's a ?50 discount for OMG members - ask when you book.
This event is run by Netproject, not OMG, so please direct
all enquiries to them.
Trusted Computing Masterclass
7th November 2002, Central London
Fee ?395 plus VAT
If you want the very best, up to date information about
Trusted Computing and how it effects you and your
organisation - then cancel all appointments for Thursday 7th
The leading experts in the world are in town giving the
first ever masterclass on Trusted Computing.
Speakers include:
John Manferdelli, General Manager of Palladium Development,
Alan Cox, Lead Linux Kernel Developer.
Ross Anderson, Cambridge Computer Labs.
David Everett, Responsible for the NatWest Mondex smart card
A lead developer from HP Labs.
This masterclass has been put together at very short notice
- we have a venue but unfortunately with restricted places
so if you wish to attend it is on a 'first come, first
served' basis.
To find out more please click here:
 ... or to make a booking for the event contact Julia
Currell at Netproject directly by telephone, fax or by
  Julia Currell
  netproject
  124 Middleton Road, Morden,
  Surrey, UK
  Tel: +44 (0)20 8715 0072
  Fax: +44 (0)20 8715 7134
  Email: julia at netproject.com
eros-arch mailing list
eros-arch at mail.eros-os.org

@_date: 2002-09-16 12:19:04
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Cryptogram: Palladium Only for DRM 
(Forwarded from No DMCA in Canada list)
-------- Original Message --------
Microsoft claims lots of benefits for Pd, some of which are
to allow Digital Rights Management (DRM).  However, most of
the benefits can already be achieved by existing hardware. All Intel CPUs since the 286 have had very good hardware
separation between tasks.  It is only Microsoft's choice not
to use this feature that has led to a single hunk of
inter-dependent code.
Intel CPUs can protect one program from the other.  You can
create secure device drivers which can no longer crash you
computer.  But, the basic operating system will always have
full control of the computer.  So you can protect programs
from each other, and the user from malicious programs, but
the user always maintains complete control over his machine.
What Pd adds is to take control away from the user.  It
"allows" the user to give up part of his control over the
machine, and give it to a program.  This is of course
required for DRM, but I cannot really think of any other
application.  They talked about some things like banking
software, but that is just silly.  We have perfectly good
cryptography to handle those threats, and using Pd for
banking would be very dangerous.  After all, the Pd chip
isn't protected against physical attacks, so you have to
trust the owner of the computer anyway.
There was some misdirection about it not being possible to
change the whole Windows operating system, so Pd is needed
to create a kind of micro-kernel under the OS.  This is not
true.  You can do the same on Intel hardware; VMware is a
good example.  Microsoft can achieve the same security
features (except for DRM) using existing hardware and the
same amount of software development effort.
My conclusion: The only reason for Pd is DRM.  All the rest
is just a smoke-screen, or stupidity.  You can never tell
the difference.
For (un)subscription information, posting guidelines and
links to other related sites please see

@_date: 2002-09-19 05:27:54
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Gary Shapiro: P2P File Sharing is Legal and Moral 
(This essay hits many very effective points.  One of the key
things that needs to be borne in mind, however, is the fact
that technological proposals currently on the table are
implementations of the notion, foreign to American society
and jurisprudence, of creators' "moral rights" -- a term
basically saying that creators dictate how information may
be used.  This essay nevertheless clearly represents a very
significant step forward in the discourse.  Forwarded from
POLITECH.  -- Seth)
-------- Original Message --------
Some background:
File photo:
Speech by Gary Shapiro, President and CEO of the Consumer
Electronics Association.
The Campaign to Have Copyright Interests Trump Technology
and Consumer Rights
We are at a critical juncture in history when the inevitable
growth of technology is conflicting with the rising power
and strength of copyright  owners.  How we resolve this
tension between copyright and technology will  define our
future ability to communicate, create and share
information,  education and entertainment.
Today I would like to share with you my views on this
situation and the  questions we must confront as we wind
through this confusing, but historic  maze.
There is no doubt that this era?s rapid shift to digital and
other  technology is changing the rules of the game.
Reproduction, transmission  and storage technology all are
progressing exponentially, resulting in an  unprecedented
power to copy, send and save all forms of media.
Reproduction  technology has become incredibly cheap and
reliable. Transmission  technology, including satellite,
cable, broadcast, wired or wireless, and  often connecting
through the Internet, has linked everyone at ever increasing speeds and competitive pricing. Storage
technologies also  quickly have expanded in capacity as
total storage media costs have plummeted.
With each new technology, the fears of the music and motion
picture  industries have grown. With television and the VCR,
it was going to be the  end of movies. With CDs and
cassettes, it was the supposed harm from  real-time
transfers and one-at-a-time copies. Today?s technologies
make  these perceived threats seem na?ve and harmless. With
high-speed  connectivity and the Internet, it?s not buying a
CD and making a copy for a  friend; it?s downloading from a
stranger or making available thousands of  copies with the
touch of a keystroke.
The growth of reproduction, storage and transmission
technology has  terrified copyright owners. The RIAA claims
that 3.6 billion songs are  downloaded each month. The RIAA
also estimates that $4.5 billion has been  lost by the music
industry due to pirating. And the motion picture industry also sees the writing on the wall. Fox Group CEO and News
Corp. President  Peter Chernin in an August 21 keynote
speech at an Aspen conference claimed  that Spiderman and
the latest Star Wars movie were downloaded four million times following the weekend after their release.
Based on these and similar threats the content community has
gone on a  scorched earth campaign ? attacking and burning
several new recording and  peer-to-peer technologies. They
have used the Congress, media and courts to  challenge the
legality of technology and morality and legality of recording. In the same Aspen speech, Chernin attacked
computers as  untrustworthy and the Internet as primarily
used for pornography and  downloading.
I believe that hardware and software companies have a mutual
interest in  working together, so that they can sell more
products. For years, consumer  electronics companies have
been working with both the recording and motion  picture
industries on developing technological measures that meet
the needs  of both industries. For instance, the DVD
standard includes anti-copying  protection. It also includes
an anti-fast forward technology designed to  ensure
copyright warnings are shown, but instead is being used to
require  consumers to sit through movie previews. CE
companies also have provided  digital interfaces that allow
consumers to share content among their own  devices while
restricting unauthorized redistribution to the Internet. By protecting content at the source, content providers can be
assured their  intellectual property rights are respected,
while consumers can enjoy  unimpeded personal use. However,
source protection should not be used to  mislead consumers
to purchase CDs that can only be played on certain CD Indeed, despite the cooperative efforts, the copyright
community has  declared war on technology and is using
lawsuits, legislatures and clever  public relations to
restrict the ability to sell and use new technologies. Lawsuits have shut down file-sharing services like Napster
and Aimster, and  threaten peer-to-peer networks like KaZaa
and Morpheus. They unsuccessfully  challenged the legality
of MPs recorders in the Diamond Multimedia case.  They have
challenged as illegal ReplayTV, a TIVO-like device, which
allows  television programming to be sorted and stored on a
hard disc and which  allows a consumer to skip commercials.
In fact, one TV executive equated  the skipping of
commercials as ?stealing? free broadcast television. The RIAA has announced that it will start suing individuals who
engage in file  sharing and has subpoenaed Internet access
provider Verizon to identify a  downloading subscriber.
At the urging of the content community, Congress has stepped
into the act.  Legislation has been introduced which
requires all technologies to be  shaped by a
government-mandated copy protection system. Other
legislation  allows any copyright owner to seek and destroy
the posting of copyrighted  products on P2P networks via
personal computers connected to the Internet.  Still other
legislation would allow a content owner to insert an
embedded  watermark into the work to determine if there was
infringement and, at the  content owner?s discretion,
disable the device, even if, upon subsequent  determination,
the use was lawful.
The most recent and scary development is that the United
States Department  of Justice is threatening to jail
millions of Americans who use file-  sharing services. In a
presentation at the Progress and Freedom  Foundation?s Aspen
Summit on August 21, Deputy Assistant Attorney General  John
Malcolm said that peer-to-peer sharing is piracy and a
criminal offense.
With this pronouncement, along with similar euphemisms by
the media, it is  clear that the copyright community has
reshaped the debate. All of a  sudden, the downloading of a
song to sample an artist?s wares, behavior  most Americans
between 13 and 25 engage in regularly, has been likened to
a  criminal act.
Consider the clever public relations campaign of the content
community.  They?ve changed the simple language that
describes the acts at issue. It  used to be called ?taping?,
?reproducing? or ?downloading?, and advocates  on both sides
would call it ?unauthorized reproduction? or ?unauthorized taping?. Then somehow this use of technology shifted to the
more pejorative  and sinister ?copying?. The word ?copying?
sounds bad. It got you in big  trouble in high school on a
test. ?Copying? is a sister to ?plagiarism?  which is
especially bad.
But in the past few months, Hollywood and the music industry
have shifted  to different words. They now only talk about
downloading as ?piracy?. They  call it ?stealing? and always
use analogies to shoplifting products out of  a store. The
Justice Department has adopted this approach. ?Stealing is stealing is stealing,? said Malcolm in Aspen.
At the same conference, Chernin echoed these themes and used
the words  ?piracy?, ?shoplifting? and ?stealing? repeatedly
to describe downloading.  He even declared that those who
disagree with his views on copyright are  either ?amoral or
Another way copyright owners have distorted the debate is to
tie in  downloading with our national goal of broadband
deployment. They argue that  broadband demand will not grow
until this issue is resolved. Indeed,  Senators Holling?s
legislation is called ?The Consumer Broadband and  Digital
Television and Promotion Act?. Yet broadband deployment has
little  to do with songs and movies, and more to do with
fast Internet speed,  always- on convenience, exchanging
home videos, interactivity on the web  and a range of
potential uses for education, medicine, business, shopping and gaming. Yet, some legislators have become confused and
convinced by  Hollywood that there is a connection between
broadband and copyright.
A third way that the copyright community has reshaped and
redefined the  debate is almost biblical in its reach. The
entire theme of the copyright  community is that downloading
off the Web is both illegal and immoral.
But is it either? I submit it is neither.
Despite the assertions of the Justice Department,
downloading is not illegal.
First, fair use rights are guaranteed to consumers by
statute, and applied  judicially on a case-by-case basis.
This means that, while some consumer  practices ultimately
could be adjudicated as either fair use or  infringement,
there is scant basis for challenging them as criminal.
The music and film industries claim that there is no such
thing as fair use  "rights" in an attempt to disparage the
term. They say that fair use is  only an affirmative defense
to copyright infringement and therefore not a  right. But
various recognized "rights" only may be asserted as
affirmative  defenses in a lawsuit. For example, in a
slander suit, one may assert the  First Amendment right but
only as an affirmative defense; this does not  diminish the
fact that the right exists.
Second, time after time, practices of individuals that were
initially  equated with "piracy" or "theft" have been shown
to be neutral or  beneficial to copyright owners, and have
either been tolerated or accepted  as fair use. Think of the
VCR and the Supreme Court decision holding that  its use to
tape full movies is fully legal.
Third, the 1997 NET Act's requirement of a total retail
value of $1,000 per  infringement should be taken seriously
as a barrier to bringing cases  against ordinary consumers.
This law should not be re-interpreted, after  the fact, as a
criminal enforcement vehicle against consumer-to-consumer recording and "swapping" practices.
Downloading is not immoral either. To make downloading
immoral, you have to  accept that copyrighted products are
governed by the same moral and legal  principles as real
property, thus the recent and continuous reference by  the
copyright community to label downloading as stealing. But
the fact is  that real and intellectual property are
different and are governed by  different principles.
Downloading a copyrighted product does not diminish  the
product, as would be the case of taking and using tangible
property  such as a dress. At worst, it is depriving the
copyright owner of a  potential sale. Indeed, it may be
causing a sale (through familiarity) or  even more likely,
have no impact on the sale. My son often will become familiar with artists through downloading their music on the
Internet and  then go out and buy the CD.
The comparison to real property fails for several other
reasons. Real  property is subject to ownership taxes. Real
property lasts forever and can  be owned forever. A
copyright can be owned only for a limited period of  time.
Indeed, the United States Constitution declares this. More,
copyright  law must bow to the First Amendment that
expressly allows people to use a  copyrighted product
without the permission of the copyright owner. This  concern
contributes to the statutory and judicial concept of ?fair
use?.  The First Amendment includes, not only the right to
send, but also the  right to receive. Indeed, in 1984, the
U.S. Supreme Court in declaring the  VCR a legal product,
said that it could be okay to copy an entire  copyrighted
product. So if the Supreme Court expressly held that VCR copying in the home for non-commercial purposes is a legal
activity, how is  it suddenly labeled as ?piracy? because
the device is a computer?
The major record labels concede that they totally have
failed to transform  their business models in response to
the Internet. But then they whine that  they ?cannot compete
with free?, referring to the free downloading the  Internet
allows. While I am sympathetic to the radical shift of
selling a  CD with a one good song for $20 to a marketplace
where consumers pick and  choose which songs they want, I am
not sure this is the correct approach.  For one thing, you
can compete with free. Purveyors of bottled water do it. America Online does it. Book retailers do it with libraries.
Independent  online music services say they can do it, if
they can clear the rights.
The Beatles 1 album, which contained 30-year-old songs that
could have been  downloaded for free from Napster-like
services from day one, but  nevertheless sold some 26
million copies. Why? Because people were willing  to pay for
the quality of a CD over the often barely acceptable sound quality of a download using P2P services.
Of course, recording artists must make a living and should
be paid. Most  consumers likely would pay a reasonable
amount for quality downloads,  access to full catalogs and
maybe some promotional items such as concert  tickets or
hidden tracks on a CD. Artists even can get new revenue from
the  Internet by identifying their fans and promoting their
concerts, new  releases and other products. But the music
industry has made little effort  to look at new business
models or provide a viable and attractive  alternative to
the downloading services.
The recording industry and motion picture industry should
stop complaining  so much and look for technological
solutions to its own problems.  Doesn?t  it make more sense
to protect content at the source, using technologies  that
maintain consumer expectations for personal use? Content
providers  would be served better by working with technology
companies to deploy these  solutions rather than suing
everyone and lobbying Congress to legislate  unreasonable
and consumer-unfriendly mandates.
Despite a lack of hits and a recession, music and movie
sales are holding  their own. Compare this to real downfalls
in other sectors from  telecommunications to IT to
broadcasting, and you must ask yourself if the  Internet is
actually a good thing for the copyright community.
So where does this lead us? I submit that policymakers
should follow some  basic principles:
First, do no harm. If we had previously heeded the concerns
of the creative  community, we would have no radio, no TV,
no VCR, no computer, no e-mail  and no Internet. Yet each of
these technologies has enhanced the revenue  stream for
copyright owners.
Second, advances in technology should not be restricted. We
cannot even  imagine today what future advances we will
choke off if we artificially  restrict technology. If we can
envision technology connecting the poorest  in the world to
medical information, to education and to a better quality of life, we should be careful about stifling its growth.
Advances in  technology also can supply tools to content
providers to help them manage  digital rights in a manner
that takes into account consumers? expectations.
Third, claims of harm should be greeted with great
skepticism. Not every  recording is a lost sale. It actually
may represent a stream of future  sales. Artists from Chuck
D to Janis Ian to Courtney Love support home  recording
rights for practical business reasons.
Fourth, copyright owners have a high burden of proof before
any technology  should be restricted. Broadcasters and the
motion picture industry have  come close to making the case
that redistribution of free, over-the-air  broadcast
television over the Internet is harmful to the concept of
free  over- the-air broadcasting. This is an area where
careful legislation or  regular legal review, respectful of
consumer rights and expectations, may  be appropriate.
Fifth, copyright owners should continue developing ways to
protect their  content at the source, rather than insisting
that the burden should be on  the device that plays it.
Perhaps they should consider a more flexible  business model
that focuses on keeping honest people honest. But, the corollary here is don?t sell CDs that don?t work on many CD
Finally, any restrictions on technology should be narrowly
crafted, define  limitations on abuse by copyright owners
and define legitimate consumer  recording rights and
expectations. For example, CEA supports the distance education bill presented by Congressman Darrell Issa of
California and Rick  Boucher of Virginia that addresses a
specific IP concern rather than  attempting to legislate
through a one-size-fits-all approach. The Boucher-  Issa
bill reaffirms fair use rights and would amend the Copyright
Act to  ensure educators can use PCs and new technology to
foster distance learning.
The collision course between copyright owners? desire to
preserve existing  business models and the inevitable
development of newer, better, faster and  cheaper
technologies need not be fatal. Our future is bright if we
resist  the temptation to restrict technology. Digital
technology will foster a  Renaissance of creativity. It will
connect our world and soon allow  everyone to have low-cost
access to information, entertainment and  education. If the
play button becomes the pay button, our very ability to raise the world?s standard of living and education will be
