
@_date: 2001-12-28 17:33:47
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: CFP: PKI research workshop 
1) SST = supersonic transport (see Concorde, see Concorde on government life support, see Concorde in pretty orange and yellow.)
2) monorail = one rail, not elevated, or driver-less. The only running monorail I know of is in Seattle; it was left over after the 1962 Worlds Fair. All the airport people-movers I have
seen run on two rails or on a roadway. 3) Videophone != Webcam (see Picturephone)
See also magnetic bubbles, cold fusion, Charles Atlas and Ginger.
PKI is a great marketing gimmick. No doubt about it.  Put that logo on your home page and all the hoi polloi feel warm and fuzzy. Flashing neon signs work better than drab old hand-lettered ones.
But how much risk does it reduce?  What is the insurance
premium with it and what is it without it?  How much
underwriting is premised on PKI?  Is there one instance where
an insurance premium has been reduced by more than the cost of the PKI implementation and the ongoing cost of its administration?
STP does a great business.  So does Mary Kay.  I don't knock 'em.  But I do understand what kind of oil they are.
Cheers, Scott
; spki at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2002-02-04 16:17:30
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: Welome to the Internet, here's your private key 
An 8-bit 1/2 MIP smart card can generate 1024 bit RSA key
pair in about 20 seconds and 512 bit key pair in less
than 5 seconds.
Since this isn't typically done in the checkout lane this is certainly an acceptable time/security trade-off by many lights.  A device that can't generate a key pair
probably has other more compelling shortcomings as a
security token.
Cheers, Scott  -----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, February 04, 2002 3:42 PM
It may depend on the public key system you are using.  Where you have to
search for numbers which have certain mathematical properties (like with
RSA), then you can indeed use a bunch of CPU.  For systems like DSA, where
the private key is in essence a random number, there is not searching, and
key generation is a lot faster.
Cheers - Bill

@_date: 2002-02-11 14:16:04
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: Where's the smart money? 
No ink, no value.
No working chip, no value.
Gotta keep your bills out of the washer AND the dryer.
When they said laundry, they meant all the cycles.
Anybody remember mangles?
Cheers, Scott
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, February 11, 2002 1:59 PM
My first thought on hearing of this was:
'Wil these survive a session in the microwave?"
(brings new meaning to the phrase 'hot money' :-)
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-01-26 19:59:29
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: biometrics 
By serious I assume you mean practical and cost effective in practice not just theoretical hyperventilation.
The GSM SIM and the German Geldkarte have security
records that compare favorably to other technologies
as does the Mondex card.
(A test GSM authentication algorithm, COMP128, was attacked
but it is not used in any large GSM networks.  And it
was the algorithm not the SIM that was attacked.)
Taking (cost of effort to break) / (cost of device) as a
measure of practical security, smart cards do a fairly
good job of protecting their contents.
IMHO as always.
Cheers, Scott

@_date: 2002-07-10 15:30:01
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: DMCA + ROT13 + Smashmouth Lawyer > Strong Crypto 
In general, we no longer need "strong crypto".  DMCA
plus ROT13 and a smashmouth lawyer suffices. -----Original Message-----
Sent: 7/6/02 1:47 AM
If the vendor required it, how long do you think it would take their
lawyers to
figure out a way in which some sort of copyright was involved somewhere,
and it
could therefore be hit with the DMCA hammer?  Thus the "universal
comment, you can define almost anything you want to be a copyright
violation if
it suits your purposes.  My guess on this one (and IANAL) is that
reading the
instruction codes sent from the host would be the user-definable
violation for third-party Smartchips.

@_date: 2002-06-26 01:31:34
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper  
Privacy abuse is first and foremost the failure
of a digital rights management system.  A broken
safe is not evidence that banks shouldn't use
safes.  It is only an argument that they shouldn't
use the safe than was broken.
I'm hard pressed to imagine what privacy without
DRM looks like.  Perhaps somebody can describe
a non-DRM privacy management system.  On the other
hand, I easily can imagine how I'd use DRM
technology to manage my privacy.
Yes, it would be nice if we didn't need safes but
until we don't, I'll use one.  You can choose not to
use DRM to manage your privacy but like stacking
your money on your front porch, you don't get to
grump if people take it.  It's called contributory
negligance, I believe.
Cheers, Scott
-----Original Message-----
Ross.Anderson at cl.cam.ac.uk; Ross.Anderson at cl.cam.ac.uk
Sent: 6/25/02 11:56 AM
I don't believe that the choice is both privacy and TCPA, or neither.
Essentially all privacy violations are abuses of authorised access by
insiders. Your employer's medical insurance scheme insists on a
waiver allowing them access to your records, which they then use for
promotion decisions. The fizx is fundamentally legislative: that sort
of behaviour is generally illegal in Europe, but tolerated in the USA.
There may be symmetry when we consider the problem as theoretical
computer scientists might, as an issue for abstract machines. This
symmetry breaks rapidly when the applications are seen in context. As
well as the legal aspects, there are also the economic aspects: most
security systems promote the interests of the people who pay for them
(surprise, surprise).
So I do not agree with the argument that we must allow DRM in order to
get privacy. Following that line brings us to a world in which we have
DRM, but where the privacy abuses persist just as before. There is
simply no realistic prospect of American health insurers or HMOs settling for one-time read-only access to your medical records, no
matter how well that gets implemented in Palladium

@_date: 2002-03-20 21:28:39
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: @stake wows the wireless rubes... 
Mobitex perhaps.  GSM and GPRS, not true.
-----Original Message-----
cryptography at wasabisystems.com
Sent: 3/13/02 8:38 AM
--- begin forwarded text
Status:  U
Reply-To: InfoSec News March 11, 2002
By Dennis Fisher and Carmen Nobel
It's the stuff of Popular Science. A group of security researchers has
discovered a simple attack that enables them to intercept Internet
traffic moving over a wireless network using gear that can be picked
up at any electronics store and an easily downloadable piece of
The attack, accomplished by  Inc., a security consulting company
in Cambridge, Mass., affects a popular consumer version of Research In
Motion Ltd.'s BlackBerry devices as well as a variety of handhelds
that send unencrypted transmissions over networks such as Mobitex.
By design, the Mobitex specification, like other wireless standards
such as Global System for Mobile Communications and General Packet
Radio Service, sends packets in unencrypted form. The network, which
handles data transmissions only, has been in operation since 1986 and
has a large base of installed devices, with customers using it for
everything from point-of-sale verification to e-mail.
"The attack is fairly simple," said Joe Grand, one of the researchers
who perfected the technique. "The problem is, this isn't a bug. It's
part of the spec that data is transmitted in the clear, just like it's
part of the spec that Internet data is transmitted in the clear. The
risk depends on who is using the network and when and what data
they're sending."
Using a scanner with a digital output, an antenna and freely
downloadable software, the researchers were able to intercept traffic
destined for BlackBerry Internet Edition devices. And, because the
packets aren't encrypted, the attackers can read the messages they
intercept without further work.
The Internet Edition handhelds are sold mainly through co-branding
relationships with ISPs such as AOL Time Warner Inc.'s America Online
service, EarthLink Inc. and Yahoo Inc.
Executives at RIM said they don't see the attack as a problem because
they have never touted the Internet Edition devices as being secure.
"Internet traffic isn't supposed to be secure," said Jim Balsillie,
chairman and co-CEO of RIM. "It's kind of like a company making beer
and cola and someone saying that there's alcohol in the company's
drinks when the children are drinking cola."
However, the attack serves as a reminder to users that e-mail and
other Internet traffic is open to snooping and is inherently insecure.
"I always figure that anything that's sent via e-mail can be read by
at least hundreds of people which have either legitimate or
compromised access to systems sitting between me and my recipient;
this just adds another potential access point," said Christopher Bell,
chief technology officer of People2People Group, a relationship
services company in Boston, and a user of the BlackBerry Internet
Edition. "I am disappointed that they didn't make at least a modest
attempt to obscure the content."
Balsillie said the messages are only as secure as the networks of the
ISPs that relay them, none of which provide encrypted e-mail.
Chris Darby, CEO of  said RIM has done a thorough job including
security in its other devices, which use a server that sits behind
corporate firewalls.
"RIM is incredibly progressive about the way they're addressing
security in their Enterprise Edition," Darby said.
The attack also applies to other devices on the Mobitex network, many
of which are proprietary solutions developed for in-house corporate
This attack does not work on the BlackBerry Enterprise Edition, which
uses Triple Data Encryption Standard encryption in addition to other
security features,  officials said.
"Typically, Mobitex operators will advise customers that they should
choose the security scheme that fits their particular needs," said
Jack Barse, executive director of the Mobitex Operators Association,
based in Bethesda, Md. "It was a conscious decision not to put
network-level security in because customers have said that they don't
want the overhead associated with security if they're just doing
things like instant messages. Customers can absolutely add on their
own encryption to whatever application they're using [the network]
for. And we encourage that."
ISN is currently hosted by Attrition.org
To unsubscribe email majordomo at attrition.org with 'unsubscribe isn' in
the BODY
of the mail.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2003-10-03 17:35:16
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: Choosing an implementation language 
Ah, the joys of diversity.  Implementations
of all your favorite protocols in all your
favorite programming languages by all your
favorite programmers in all your favorite
countries on all your favorite operating
systems for all your favorite chips.  Continuous debugging certainly is the path to secure computing.
Cheers, Scott
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, October 03, 2003 4:31 PM
Given the nature of recent, and past, bugs discovered in the
OpenSSL implementation, it makes more sense to implement in a
memory-safe language, such as python, java or squeak. Using a VM
hosted language will limit the pool of possible users, but might
create a more loyal user base.
I know the squeak community  does not have
SSL and would very much like to have it. An implementation of SSL
in squeak would also be of interest to the Squeak-E project,
related to the E project .

@_date: 2003-09-11 09:31:35
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: fyi: bear/enforcer open-source TCPA project  
There are roughly 1B GSM/3GPP/3GPP2 SIMs in daily use and the number of keys extracted from them is diminishingly -----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, September 11, 2003 3:43 AM
You propose to put a key into a physical device and give it
to the public, and expect that they will never recover
the key from it?  Seems unwise.

@_date: 2005-07-10 00:24:07
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: the limits of crypto and authentication  
Amex Blue was a market success in the sense that its ROI exceeded
expectations, rational and otherwise.  It yielded thousands of new
accounts at a cost of acquisition far less than average, even when
taking into account the Windows driver support calls and the discarded
readers. That said, you might have been able to achieve the same result
with a gold stickie except the geeks that were the majority of the new
accounts probably would have peeled it off and grumped.
The winner will be the dude that can make authentication into a Mustang.
Like it or not, Amex Blue pointed the way.
IMHO as always.
Cheers, Scott
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at metzdowd.com] On Behalf Of dan at geer.org
Sent: Saturday, July 09, 2005 6:32 PM
 I think that the cost of two-factor authentication will plummet in
the  | face of the volumes offered by e-banking.
Would you or anyone here care to analyze what I am presuming is the
market failure of Amex Blue in the sense of its chipcard and reader

@_date: 2005-05-30 21:11:11
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: Papers about "Algorithm hiding" ? 
Isn't this what Rivest's "Chaffing and Winnowing" is all about?
Cheers, Scott
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at metzdowd.com] On Behalf Of Hadmut Danisch
Sent: Thursday, May 26, 2005 5:51 PM
you most probably have heard about the court case where the presence of
encryption software on a computer was viewed as evidence of criminal
Plenty of research has been done about information hiding.
But this special court case requires "algorithm hiding" as a kind of
response. Do you know where to look for papers about this subject?
What about designing an algorithm good for encryption which someone can
not prove to be an encryption algorithm?

@_date: 2005-09-11 18:49:58
@_author: Scott Guthery 
@_subject: Is there any future for smartcards? 
1) GSM/3G handsets are networked card readers that are pretty
successful.  They are I'd wager about as secure as an ATM or a POS,
particularly with respect to social attacks.
2) ISO is currently writing a standard for a secure home card reader.
The starting point is FINREAD. See JTC1/SC17/SG4/TF10.
Cheers, Scott
