
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:34:08
@_author: MONSHUL 
@_subject: [Cryptography] =?utf-8?q?=28no_subject=29?= 
hi sir
i am a citizen of India.i want you to design a cryptocurrency app for
indians. As our govt. is taking lot of tax from the salaried as well as the
businessman are effected by this taxation system. i want you to make this
cryptocurrency app specially for indians. sir there are lot of trading
going in this field but i want bitcoin to be the primer currency all over
the world. This can only be done if an inter source is available. i have
good contacts with the advertisers as well as people from different parts
of our country.
crowd will be gained in no time but there is one slight issue. the recent
hike in the shares of bitcoin. the value of bitcoin in indian rupees is
unaffordable for a common man of india. so if we have an app designed of
different name (specially a name which is more related to indian name like
"Ram") which holds secondary assets of bitcoin in such a way that the
foundation is laid exteriorly.
if there is a crash in the system which was designed in '08' maybe not know
after some time period, then the crowd which is hold up by the exterior
link can take over the pressure as many indians would have been dealing
with this new currency at cheap rate. and the rates would turn high as the
networking business will grow eventually.
like if we set rates of ramcoins with Indian Rupee 1 then we are expected
to get initial customers of around 1000 by me. then there will be
advertisements on very indian populor apps like flipkart, snapdeal, paytm
and so on....we can get crowd very easily. slowly and rapidly we can change
the trend of currency.
money is not important not even the rates which comes down or go....but
maintaining customers is most important..... if you google about a company
known as 'JIO'. The founder of this company is mukesh ambani. what he did
was he gave facilities to indian people free of cost for almost 1 and a
half year and customers got attached and now he is charging rs. 400 from 10
million people every day.
this was very simple to set up. he didn't initiate much but gained alot by
maintaining customers. "*WE INDIANS LIKE FREE OF COST THINGS VERY MUCH*" lets
give them currency free and increase their standards and way of living.
sir you must be thinking why to have a parallel link when business is
increased only with one.
sir if you give small things free to us without having any expectations
then we Indians will never forget that and will be always loyal to the
system forever. even if you are fake or not whatever you are.....

@_date: 2017-12-26 00:08:24
@_author: MONSHUL 
@_subject: [Cryptography] redefining the open source licence 
for bitcoins, can the system be redefined so as to make it more complex and
hard to understand.
"Some open-source projects do not take contributed code under a license,
but actually require joint assignment of the author's copyright in order to
accept code contributions into the project." this line has been taken from
is there a possibility to change the license policy for an open source
like people can make changes as much as they want in the system; thats what
open source says, but the core part is remained untouched.
like in china if 51% of hash power increases they define their own
blocks....but can there be a possibility to ensure a small replica of the
bitcoin system in each and every block available in the market.... so that
if one wants to overtake the system then their move can be reversed just
because of small fragment which is impossible to encrypt and can only be
done by the original developer.
this will be a drastic move by allowing one system to rule it but under
some conditions.
