
@_date: 2003-09-01 12:04:55
@_author: Simson Garfinkel 
@_subject: Call for Participation: RFID Privacy and Security Workshop at MIT, November 15th 
RFID PRIVACY AND SECURITY
                          -WORKSHOP @ MIT-
                       CALL FOR PARTICIPATION
                            Saturday
                          November 15th
                            10am - 4pm
                            Bartos Theater
                           MIT Media Lab
                          20 Ames Street
Radio Frequency Identification technology is fast becoming a lightning
rod for consumer privacy activists. Is RFID destined to become the
enabling technology for massive state-sponsored surveillance, Big
Brother's "call-home" chip? Or is RFID really nothing more than a
supply-chain management technology, it's dangers being over-hyped by
alarmists who fundamentally misunderstand the technology?
One thing is sure: in the absence of strong data, decisions are being
made and the public is either being poorly informed or intentionally
Last year Benetton pulled back from a previously-announced RFID trial
after a consumer group announced a global boycott of the clothing
manufacturer. Can pressure from consumer groups effectively prevent
the introduction of RFID technology, or were other matters at work
behind the scenes?
The goal of the RFID Privacy Workshop is to bring together RFID
technologists, boosters, critics, privacy activists and journalists
covering the space to establish some technical truths and a creating a
framework for understanding the growing body of RFID policy issues.
WHEN:   Saturday November 15th, 2003.   10am - 4pm
WHERE:  Bartos Theater, MIT Media Laboratory, 20 Ames Street
        Cambridge, MA
FORMAT: A series of speakers including academics, RFID innovators, and
privacy activists will discuss RFID technology, policy and
privacy. There will be ample time for discussion and Q & A.
CALL FOR PARTICIPATION:
* Save the day!
* Register online at * Submit a paper!
Draft Paper deadline: September 15th
We are looking for technical, review, position papers, and
presentations. Accepted papers will be made available in the workshop
proceedings; please indicate on your paper if you would also like to
present the paper to the workshop.
Papers are invited on the following topics:
* RFID Technology * RFID Roadmap: Readers and Tags Today and Tomorrow
* RFID Privacy Issues
* Visions of the RFID-enabled future
* The Physics of RFID
* RFID Applications Currently Deployed, and Under Development
* Cryptography and RFID
* Kill and Beyond Kill
* Business Processes Enabled by RFID
* RFID: What can we do?
For more information:
