
@_date: 2003-10-12 10:49:38
@_author: D.K. Smetters 
@_subject: Ease of setting up IPSEC 
Ah, but that last is the kicker.  I'm all for the whole DNSSEC-as-key-distribution model, but we're
a long way from it in practice.  In your example above, there are actually two more
common versions of step 3: 1) user who doesn't even know he has a public key takes it
to the guy in charge of maintaining DNS for his installation and attempts to convince him
that he ought to put it in the user's machine's in-addr record.  Or 2) home/roaming user
who has no effective DNS service for his endpoint from his ISP looks at his shiny new key
and wonders what to do.  (Yes, in theory you could grease the wheels with clever use of
dynamic DNS, but it's not currently deployed in a way that will help most people with this

@_date: 2003-09-03 10:18:06
@_author: D. K. Smetters 
@_subject: Is cryptography where security took the wrong branch? 
I find WEP very useful for one thing -- given the habit of
many wireless clients to opportunistically jump onto any
network they happen to find, turning on WEP keeps users
from accidentally "falling" onto networks by mistake. This
saves a lot of confusion if you have the occaisional research
network with say, different firewalling properties than a user
might expect, or one that doesn't actually route to the outside
world. And it's easier to manage than MAC filtering.

@_date: 2007-06-21 09:57:26
@_author: D. K. Smetters 
@_subject: question re practical use of secret sharing 
I believe at least some versions of PGP might have supported secret
sharing for key backup.
Secret sharing is also  fundamentally less interesting than full-bore
threshold cryptography (using the fragments of a key without reassembling
them first). We built a threshold crypto-based certification authority at
CertCo a number of years ago, which was used for some very high
security root CAs. However, given the difficulty people have in managing
keys in general, building effective systems that allow them to manage
key fragments is beyond the range of most current commercial products.
It is something we use regularly in research systems, but only with a very
careful eye to both our motivation (there has to be, as Peter points out,
some good user reason for it), and ultimate system usability.

@_date: 2008-09-23 14:20:43
@_author: D. K. Smetters 
@_subject: once more, with feeling. 
We did a version of this for CEAS this year (paper here:
I agree, I think it's not hard to come up with an architecture that increases user security, while reducing the amount they have to learn. Though, as per Perry's comment, you do need to be able to say that *some* (not all) of the software on your machine is not totally borked... (an interesting question is: how much, and what).

@_date: 2010-08-01 09:39:44
@_author: D. K. Smetters 
@_subject: Is this the first ever practically-deployed use of a threshold 
CertCo (RIP) built a Certification Authority software product that used "real" threshold cryptography. Key shares for a k of n scheme (where k and n were chosen at key split time) were stored in hardware crypto tokens, and signatures were generated by having k tokens generate partial signatures and then combining them into a "regular" RSA sig. The system was deployed as the SET root CA for some time; we did try to sell it as a regular software product, but (corporate) political issues made that somewhat challenging. I honestly don't remember whether it was deployed by anyone else for anything other than SET, but it may be that one of the (many) other CertCo alumni on this list might.
The original CertCo CA software used pretty simple threshold crypto (I can provide paper refs for the particular schemes we used if anyone really wants them), but by the time I left we had worked on verifiable schemes (where you can verify the partial sigs independently), proactivization (re-sharing to change k or n, or remove bad players), and so on. The deployed system did not implement distributed key generation, which had just appeared in the literature at that time -- the key was generated on one token, and then split; the key generation token was then intended to be destroyed.
Although the system was designed to be used in a globally distributed fashion, with automated systems for sending work (things to sign) to sites holding key shares (where each signing request was signed by an RA to authorize it), and then collecting and recombining the partial sigs, it turned out to be way too hard to use that way. I don't know if it was ever deployed in a truly geographically distributed configuration, rather than having all the shares (except for backups) kept at one site. (And as a result, I started working on usability of security :-).
Shortly after the last CertCo CA, Victor Shoup published a new threshold RSA scheme that made them much simpler to incorporate into deployable systems; building a system that uses "real" threshold crypto would be pretty easy these days if one wanted to. If nothing else, it's a great example for cryptographers of how small changes in the algebraic formulation of something can have large impact on how easy it is to build into systems.
--Diana Smetters
