
@_date: 2020-09-06 21:46:35
@_author: Shawn Rheal 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 4. Re: Really good ideas, harsh reality, 
I built a block, which allows to encapsulate traffic control over a network
using DOM Data Object Model which is used to define a block into a
segemented network using these specific elements if you view my abstraction
model it works through a purely distributive model which is verified
through a network operator which can ledge the segemented block into a
ledger which can be shared.
  Abstraction Model and Functions.pdf

@_date: 2020-09-12 19:57:42
@_author: Shawn Rheal 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Contents of cryptography digest..." solution 
Well as we know, when spending coin online it goes into a ledger, the
ledger is updated so when constructing a spend of a coin it is accumilated
into a ledger then that ledger then could be updated online so the spend
could show while offline but would still require a massive load of all
previouse data unless that data already exists.
This is part of keeping up with the network,
To make the network much faster the network should be using a expiration
life cycle data on the blockchains verification processes meaning croping
the network only so far back to what is considered a reasonable timeframe
which is needed to hold the network blockchain togeather
Scenario issue or example
When businesses do taxes they can chose to do them at the end of the year
or they can choose to do them quarterly it seems much easier and faster to
only have to look back 4 month in a quarter then an entire year when it
comes to accumulation of financial earnings.
The block in a network is given a start date and an end date meaning that
each block has a specified life cycle attached to it so when we run the
ledger the code can be set to look only so far back as needed.

@_date: 2020-09-13 22:37:02
@_author: Shawn Rheal 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Topolgy of succinct blockchain with networking 
One of the previouse files may have no went through, so I posted the image.
This the topolgy of the succinct blockchain network. This is NID

@_date: 2020-09-13 22:27:45
@_author: Shawn Rheal 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Succinct blockchains - are great! 
Yes, I agree these types of blockchains are good for resourcing large
amounts of processing.
NID - is exactly that, its a succinct blockchain in a way but with NID the
full nodes in which I call master nodes are virtually network operators
that are fully decentralized and these master nodes generate carbon copies
of subnodes which are purely distributive, and can verifiy every single
block in a 36 byte unique identifier.
Also the virtual network operators generates the ledger and can share them
with all other running operators across the board.
The master node can run on any T3 network and process over thousands of
transaction very quickly.
In my publication you will see how a service block is seeded for two types
of publications one for standard networking or tokenized blockchain
networking and with my blockchain it can incorporate both which i find
quite advancing. This blockchain can encapsulate wallet addresses, ip's,
url's, any specific networking services your hearts desire it can even hold
and distribute files if i want it to. Blockchain for AI this has it to the
So yeah fast processing is the best.

@_date: 2020-09-26 01:45:31
@_author: Shawn Rheal 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Incorporating a network service directory 
"have started is going to be an MSP. The Mesh is all about putting the user
in control. User's can't be in control if they are chained to the service
My response to your statement in qoutes up above
Go here and get the code.
Im opening up my github, there are probably a thousand ways you could
incorporate this method, but this code was done in c xml, and LinQ and
Sql server in VS.
If you take a look and look at whats going on ill release the class
libraries and the virtual network operator as well for open source.
This project is my test phase project. So please go gentle on me the code
is not in the best of the best but it works and you might like what you see
and it will solve alot of your issues in which you were talking about.
If you like what you see or got question email me.

@_date: 2020-09-27 17:46:13
@_author: Shawn Rheal 
@_subject: [Cryptography] 4. A naming and key distribution infrastructure for 
purpose for operators and validating decentralized network distribution.
Money is Spam Prevention
Qoute1. The best way of preventing spam in the mesh network is to have
participants pay for operations they initiate. Or have them sponsored by
participants. A recipient of a message will always get paid for receiving
the message. The MSP of the recipient can also have a share of the payment.
Qoute 2. The custodian of each legacy naming infrastructure shall be able
to adhere to the mesh network and earn money with providing onboarding and
discovery services.
My response to qoute one and two, the idea for a particular network
directory service system, is not to take away the decentralized ability a
mesh network has.
Think of it as a harnessed network where decentralization of any particular
network, which is tokenized is the power source; we can build another
network on top of that which will allow us to harness the power of a
decentralized network or mesh network; Reason is to develop equity and
dumping it back into the value of the tokenization, meaning such as network
directory service system allows us to use the tokenized network to generate
equity. The network directory service system and its operators is specific
networking tool that handles math calculation.
Network operators example.
Each operators acts like a dealer in the casino, everyone who holds crypto
coin essentially is a player the dealer who deals the cards gets to take a
rake from the pot. Each operator in the network identification directory
system is a dealer in the casino.
Example 1. I have 10 dollars in bitcoin i divide 10.00 in bitcoin into a
100 dimes worth of bitcoin.
Each 10 cents worth satoshi to the mesh network or network operator
handling transactions in bitocin is just essentially an accounting tool.
I would be able to now with my mesh network process a hundred dollars worth
of actual money and build equity buy subtracting a fee so everytime i
receive 10 cents in bitcoin back from a merchant where a customer is
spending the money, say to a merchant or friend im getting 10 cents back
and lets just say 4 pennies 4 cents on the dollar. So for every 50 cents
thats five dollars spent ill get my 70 cents thats 20 cents equity for
rotating bitcoin on the mesh network or network directory service running
thousands of operators.
Then i can stake that to grow more bitcoin and more value and build more
equity. The network operator can filter out spamming easily.
