
@_date: 2018-08-02 10:28:33
@_author: Stefano Quintarelli 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Krugman blockchain currency skepticism 
(this is what I replied elsewhere)
the argument about friction leads basically to the friction of building trust. his argument is that the proof of work consumes loads of energy and overall is a friction greater than a building a central bank emitting fiat
this is possibly true with the present trust mechanism which is the distributed proof of work. it might change, though. for example the proposed Algorand system by Turing prize Micali from MIT would solve this issue with a trust model that somehow resembles the mechanism of election of the Doge used in the republic of venice from 1260 to 1780..
(likely the longest lasting election system in the world, surely longer than the election of the Pope which changes frequently)
I think crypto has induced an acceleration to some trends (at least in Europe). when BTC started, money transfer transactions took days and were costly (when not on the same bank) now we have quite ubiquitous same day transactions at 0 variable costs as part of the account cost. And we are heading towards europewide realtime money transfers between all banks. Not saying it is because of BTC, but it’s a part of the scenario.
about tethering to “real economy” usefulness, would he be living in venezuela, having savings abroad, it would solve him the problem of buying stuff.
[or, putting it differently, not everywhere in the world people can trust the local fiat currency and having a global crypto which is tethered to the rest of the world, who are tethered to their countries, it's an advantage for those people]
cryptography (generalizing from btc and blockchain) has the power of bringing private property back to data.
as today information is not rival and not excludable (unless centrally managed, with access limitations)
private property need the asset to be rival and excludable. cryptography could help making it so. (and blockchain can well be a part of the picture)

@_date: 2018-06-07 14:22:00
@_author: Stefano Quintarelli 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple Group FaceTime and end-to-end and 
I guess they do what players like vidyo and zoom have been doing.
they use SVC  ;
clients communicate to the MCU which stream they want to receive.
the low quality stream is ok for thumbnalis, once the user wants to enlarge a specific video stream, they request the full quality stream.
I would suspect all streams are encrypted with the same key and that key is shared wncrypted with each user using their key pairs
ciao, s.
