
@_date: 2014-04-03 06:41:50
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] ideas for (long) Nothing up my sleeve numbers 
I suppose what most people think of when they mention "random number" is a "randomly selected number".  That is, one whose selection is as unpredictable as possible.
e.g. using a high-gain amplifier into an ADC to produce seemingly random sequences of numbers (which would actually be weighted by whatever electromagnetic fields are in the area).

@_date: 2014-04-05 17:28:12
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] OpenPGP and trust 
Hi all,
I've been a bit busy over the last week so I haven't posted back until
now.  That said I've been giving this further thought.  I hope this
is a lot clearer than my last attempt at explaining this. :-)
A couple of you, reasonably ask: what is it that I'm trying to do
*exactly*.  What is this "system" and who are the "users" of this
system?  What are these users doing?
A reason why I haven't been specific on this, is because while I have a
use-case in mind, I note there are possibly several scenarios that I'd
like to be able to cater for.
So without further ado, let's consider a simple case.
I have a messaging system, wherein people can post and retrieve mail.
Some of this is going to be group messages (i.e. like this mailing list,
which I'm accessing via Gmane/NNTP), some will be private messages.
I'm considering two interfaces for this system: one on AX.25 packet
radio operating at a speed of 1200 baud, the other over the Internet.
I'd like the system to remain operable without an Internet connection:
that is, the Internet interface is merely an access point, it does not
rely on this for authentication of any kind.
There's software already out there for implementing such systems.
Bulletin board systems are still around, although I'm finding they don't
play so nice with modern OSes -- however I digress.  The system I build
this on is likely going to be UUCP based: if it helps, consider the BBS
as being UUCP with slightly specialised 'rnews'/'rmail' commands.
A lot of these either prompt for a user name, or in the case of packet
radio, it can derive a user name from your station ID sent in the
packets.  They either take this username at face value, or some will
prompt for a password, in clear text.  The user "registers" with the BBS
on their first log-in, which creates the account.
For Amateur Radio BBSes, this usually must be done over the radio.  This
has the useful side-effect that (ignoring impersonation) you then know
that person has a radio license.  For Internet access to the BBS, one
must then contact the operator and have a password/privileges assigned.
There are two problems with this:
(1) the person concerned must either have the equipment to connect to
    the BBS via radio, and a suitable RF path.
(2) it doesn't actually identify that the person who connected actually
    holds the call-sign they used to connect.
The latter is a problem if for whatever reason, someone who might have
reason to access the BBS, cannot do (1), or if that person has a need to
do privileged tasks.
It's also a problem even without special privileges: nothing stops a
miscreant from impersonating you logging into the BBS (even via RF) and
deleting messages before you get a chance to read them, or posting
messages that stir up trouble.
If the BBS is connected to the Internet (and I intend to do this), for
legal reasons, I've got to be able to prove that the person on the
Internet is actually licensed to use amateur radio bands.  On radio, I
can take the call-sign from the packet header at face-value, but would
rather not.
There are ways people have tried to solve this:
- ARRL LogBook Of The World:
   uses CA
  certificates, which are issued after proving to the ARRL you hold that
  callsign
- QRZ.com, HamQTH.com call-sign databases
- The DIY approach
EchoLink (an example I posted earlier) does the DIY approach: you scan
in the license and email that to them.  That piece of paper has amongst
other things, your home address.  Some might be uncomfortable with this.
The first two require that the system doing the authentication has
access to the Internet.  The ARRL system being probably the best system
out of the two, but requires TLS.  I'm not sure how effective the
database look-up is at QRZ.com at authentication.
I know of one site that uses HamQTH.com and merely checks that the
call-sign exists: it does no actual *authentication* of the user (and
HamQTH do no actual checking, anyone can sign up).
For the BBS I'm proposing to set up, the primary user group is going to
be people in our emergency comms group.  Most of us meet face-to-face on
a monthly basis, and so verifying that we're all licensed and hold the
call-signs that we use over the air isn't a problem.
In fact, I set up an OwnCloud instance for this group, and issued
passwords to the group by email.  The service optionally accepts
connections via TLS, and I encourage its use, but also allow clear-text
as it uses a self-signed certificate and some of the users aren't
terribly technical.
The OwnCloud system has a messaging interface, and I'm considering ways
I can make some of that content on OwnCloud accessible via a packet BBS,
particularly the messaging system.
I could have the users supply the password they use to log into OwnCloud
over packet radio, but then they've just given away their log-in
credentials over a clear-text link.
I'm considering asymmetric cryptography using digital signatures as it
provides another way.  They can generate a private key themselves, and
share a public key via the OwnCloud site, then use their private key to
sign responses to challenge messages sent by the BBS when they try to
log in over packet.
Seeing as there's at least 2 ways to implement digital signatures using
standard off-the-shelf software, it seems ridiculous to try and attempt
it myself.  (Especially after my XOR-wish-it-were-Diffie-Hellman
Now I expand on the concept a little bit.
Suppose I wanted to allow any radio amateur operator to access the BBS.
Those who are in my emergency comms group authenticate with digital
signatures, and thus get the ability to see and post messages to our
group's specific message board, everyone else just sees the public
A select group authenticating with digital signatures can send arbitrary
commands and files the BBS computer, telling it to install some software
package or perform a reboot, etc.
Since I want the system to be as widely available as possible, I open an
interface on the Internet.  For argument's sake, say it's a Telnet port.
I want to be able to prove that the person registering over the Internet
is a licensed radio amateur.  Spam bots will just enter any old junk
until the system lets them in (or bans the IP), so just prompting for a
call-sign and doing a search for it on QRZ won't do: I actually want
some assurance that they are who they say they are.
Thus, I'm looking at the web-of-trust model, rather than the CA type
model as a means of identifying people who are in this wider "group".  I
brought up OpenPGP as I knew it had a web-of-trust model, and fits with
the ethos of re-using existing solutions rather than trying to forge
ahead with a completely new system.
The thought is that: supposing myself and those around me all set up
certificates, we can verify each-others certificates and produce
signatures that basically say "I , trust that this certificate
belongs to ".
As I understand it, in OpenPGP that's what signing a key signifies: "I
trust that key X belongs to person Y".
So supposing with my certificate, indicating me as holding the call-sign
VK4MSL, I meet up with another amateur Bob with the call VK4BOB.  We
check each-other's details and then sign each-others keys.  I tell the
computer running the BBS to trust any key I sign.
We part ways, and suppose Bob goes overseas, meets up with Alice over in
the US with the call KC0ALI, they check each-other's licenses and sign
each-others keys.
Alice should *then* be able to log into the BBS I have here: because I
trust Bob is who he says he is and that he does his checking properly;
and Bob trusts Alice is who she says she is.
If Alice were to connect, she'd have the option of either obtaining a
key from a key server, or supplying a public key.  The system could then
look for a chain of trust; if it finds one, guest-level access is
granted.  If Bob trusts Alice's checking of other keys, then anyone
Alice trusts, would similarly get access.
Are there any holes in my understanding on the web-of-trust, or issues
in the above scheme that I should be wary of?
Is it safe to use the presence of someone's trust signature in a key to
indicate the person's membership in a group or is this better stored
Thanks in advance.
Stuart Longland

@_date: 2014-04-07 07:27:00
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] OpenPGP and trust 
Well, it's a wonderful cure, but now I'm looking for a disease.  TLS is overkill on this site: it's not a banking/finance site, and there's very little that's truly confidential.
It's got some contact details for some of our members: that's about as confidential as it gets.  Not much of a target for crims to impersonate.  My main reasoning for allowing HTTPS there is just for supplying passwords -- and that's mainly in the absence of something more I'm not sure it's worth spending dollars on CA certificates and all the red tape that involves, especially since the passwords were given out over clear-text email anyway.  I understand there's quite a bit of red tape in acquiring a CA certificate as they've got to check your identity before issuing it.  (And if there isn't, then it's even easier for the crims to impersonate you.)
I provide the option for https logins, and tend to direct people to use clear-text only if their machine is particularly strict on self-signed CAs.  I suppose I should provide a link to the CA certificate I'm using so they can load that into their browsers.  I feel this is a "good enough" compromise in our situation.
The authentication scheme I'm looking to use for packet can equally work on HTTP: somewhere where TLS with strong crypto is more or less forbidden.  If I can solve the authentication over packet radio problem, I've solved the revealing passwords over clear-text HTTP as well.
Is there a way in OpenPGP to encode the call-sign as a separate, searchable field?  I think I read up in the spec that you can have a photo embedded in a key, and there's scope for it.  I'm just not sure what the support is.
At the moment I've created one such key for myself, and for now I'm putting my full name and call-sign in the "name" field.  I've also considered using a specialised-format address in the "email" field.  i.e. me at vk4msl.ham or some such.
(But then ICANN will probably grant the .ham TLD to some meat processing This is a point.  To this end I was doing a bit of a "6 degrees" type There's a couple of people I know who I've met at linux.conf.au the two times I've attended whom I know to be radio amateurs.  One of them signed my PGP key, Karl Goetz.  Some of the others I met, don't have OpenPGP keys from what I can tell.
Looking around on the topic of authentication on amateur radio, I come across the posts from another prominent radio amateur, Bruce Perens.
So on Saturday night, I tried playing a little experiment: could I figure out a chain of trust between our keys.
It turns out I can:
But, I'll need to figure out a way I can do this in an automatic fashion.  It appears that I need to ensure I have the intermediate keys in order to verify the chain of trust.  The problem, is working out which keys are needed.
I spent quite a while downloading random PGP keys until I hit upon a path.  To make this automatic, I'll need some way I can distil the web-of-
trust down to some compact form which can be replicated, then when someone logs in, it'll be a case of requesting the necessary intermediate keys to verify the individual.
There's a tool mentioned on that PGP path finder site: WotApp, which would be worth researching.
Ahh, so any "group" membership should be in a separate (signed) file.  Maybe the whole lot bundled up, compressed and signed by the person concerned, making a "certificate" which includes identity and relevant group membership information.
The picture about how to go about this is getting clearer. :-)
Many thanks.
Stuart Longland

@_date: 2014-04-25 16:24:15
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Heartbleed and fundamental crypto 
Okay, real novice question? since we're on the topic of how to convince an optimiser of our aims.
What would be wrong with this?
static inline void secureZeroMemory(void *v, uint32_t n) {
    memset(v, 0, n);
memset is in the C library, so not subject to the optimiser in the compiler compiling your code, and presumably was compiled with the tricks needed to make the compiler emit the write code, else memset wouldn't do its job properly.

@_date: 2014-06-29 08:14:37
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Good GPG email solution for Windows (NOT 
Can't say I've had a problem with Thunderbird, then again, I don't use a screen reader.  I take it they haven't been able to address the issue when reported to them?
In any case, since you're asking about alternatives: the immediate thought that comes to mind is mutt.  It's a ncurses email client and should work in Cygwin and has built-in support for OpenPGP.
The question remains is how well Cygwin plays with screen readers.

@_date: 2014-03-06 00:26:28
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Silly Diffie-Hellman question using XOR 
Hi all,
I'm not sure if this is the right "forum" to ask this, I stumbled on this mailing list whilst looking through the newsgroups on my NNTP server; I see this list is one of a couple that pop up (via gmane).
I was doing some thinking about ways of establishing shared secrets over a public medium.
The use case here that I'm thinking of is for allowing authentication of individuals over a medium that prohibits encryption.  Examples of this would be some countries (i.e. in the past France prohibited encryption, China at best frowns upon it), and also amateur radio.  My intent here is to have some means of proving that the other person is who they say they are by means of the web-of-trust.
GPG seems a good fit here, but public key crypto is expensive: good for that initial contact and negotiating a shared secret, but expensive to keep on with indefinitely.  The thought is that the initial shared-key exchange is signed using asymmetric crypto (i.e. GPG, and using its web-
of-trust feature to authenticate), to negotiate a session key which can be used as a HMAC key for verifying traffic.
Thinking about the problem, it seems Diffie-Hellman is one to achieve this.  From what I see, D-H key exchange normally works using modulo arithmetic and prime numbers (big ones).  I wondered if simple XOR (which is commutative) could work.
Conventional D-H relies on having a common secret: this won't work with XOR... it takes two inputs and produces an output, you need to know any two pieces to produce the third piece of data.  The thought is to do away with the common secret altogether.
i.e. two parties, Alice and Bob wish to establish a shared key.
1. Alice generates two keys: A1 and A2.
   Bob generates two keys: B1 and B2.
2. Alice signs A2 and sends A2 + signature to Bob.
   Bob signs B2 and sends B2 + signature to Alice.
3. Alice verifies B2+signature, then generates
      A3 = A1 ^ A2 ^ B2.  Alice signs A3 and sends to Bob.
   Bob verifies A2+signature, then generates
      B3 = B1 ^ B2 ^ A2.  Bob signs B3 and sends to Alice.
4. Alice verifies B3+signature, then generates
      A4 = B3 ^ A1 = B1 ^ B2 ^ A2 ^ A1
   Bob verifies A3+signature, then generates
      B4 = A3 ^ B1 = A1 ^ A2 ^ B2 ^ B1
Since XOR is commutative; A4 and B4 should be identical.  A1 and B1 are never revealed in public.  XOR is computationally inexpensive, not the strongest, and probably wouldn't stop a determined (i.e. state-backed) cracker.  Information theory would be useless as the keys would be random.
The keys in my case would be used with keyed hashes, but the same scheme could generate crypto keys too.
I'm guessing that, if done frequently enough (and it's simple enough it should be computationally inexpensive to negotiate new secrets) it'd be nearly impossible to guess A1 and B1 fast enough before the session became invalid with today's technology.
Anyone here have any thoughts on this?  Did I overlook something Stuart Longland

@_date: 2014-03-06 07:06:35
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Silly Diffie-Hellman question using XOR 
Yes, of course.  I soon realised this as I thought about it? but naturally enough, only *after* I had clicked Send.  (And too early to send a follow-up pointing out I had realised my error.)
I've been giving some thought as to whether a cryptographic (keyed) hash would work (in place of XOR), but probably not as the scheme I've been thinking about relies on associativity and commutativity to work.  (And as we've all realised, it fundamentally breaks at present.)
Exponentiation with primes works of course, that's how D-H is normally implemented.  They need to be big ones to work though.  I'm not sure how to do math with 128-bit+ numbers as yet: best bet would be to use an existing implementation of D-H.
Not sure if there's small implementations that could fit on embedded devices.  I guess there is somewhere.  XOR attracted me as it was mind-
numbingly simple: I now also see it's mind-numbingly easy to crack.
This is true, which is why I made the assumption that I had overlooked something, and came here to ask about it.  My assumption was correct of course: I had overlooked something.
The good news is I didn't race off to found a company selling it then. :-)

@_date: 2014-03-29 11:43:24
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] OpenPGP and trust 
Hi all,
I've been doing some more thinking (and not at 2AM when I'm ? asleep) so hopefully my reasoning is a bit more sound. :-)
I'm looking at ways in which I can authenticate users, and the automatic agents they might be responsible for, in a distributed manner.  In particular, I'm thinking of the amateur radio world but the situation is applicable elsewhere too.
In Amateur Radio, encryption is more or less outlawed.  In the US, it's not allowed on air, end of story (I hear much vigorous discussion about it on the digitalvoice mailing list).  Here in Australia, it's allowed for very specific circumstances, such as in emergency communications.  Regardless of your location, in most places it is frowned upon.
The information I'd be wanting to send isn't of a nature that requires great confidentiality, so encryption in this case is pointless.  (i.e. I don't care that someone sees me tell a computer to "reboot", but I do mind if someone tries rebooting my computer.)  I do however, want to be able to identify users and authenticate them without opening them up to the risk of impersonation.
Some of these services are accessible by both radio and the Internet, and while the latter permits encryption, authentication on both is a real Presently, there are a few means of authentication.  One is call-sign databases ran by QRZ.com and other sites.  Some of these cost money (after all, they cost money to run) to query.  Unfortunately at best they can tell you that the callsign AB2CD is a valid call-sign and is owned by "Joe Public" living in some part of the US.
Not a lot of help.  It doesn't tell me that the IP address of 20.30.40.56 that just requested to log into my site is the legal owner of that call-
Some might be able to take a password the user supplied to you and check that for validity.  This is good over the Internet if you can retrieve the password confidentially, but no use if encryption is unavailable.  Well, you can try it: but then hey, everyone else knows your password now!
OpenPGP does provide a means of me "vouching" for another user.  Suppose I wanted to set up a messaging service for my local emergency communications group, Brisbane Area WICEN.  We set up a computer and plug it into a radio, mount that up on one of the towers we rent.  (They've got a couple around SE Queensland.)
The computer is in some comms room, not accessible to me directly, and not connected to the Internet, but I want users to be able to authenticate themselves over the clear-text link, so the computer can differentiate them from some smart-arsed pirate with a $50 hand-held radio off eBay and a radio-computer interface.
It'd also be useful from an administrative stand-point to be able to send administration commands to that computer, have it perform instructions, then get back to me.  A bit like the `uux` command in UUCP.  (And yes, I know of "grunt" and do use it over UUCP/SSH already.)
In this example, if I got everyone to create OpenPGP sign-only RSA keys, then at a meeting, we held a key-signing party.  That would mean we'd have a set of keys, wherein anyone's key in that group could identify anyone else's.  The messaging computer would also get its own OpenPGP key.  The computer would "sign" the administrators' keys, thus allowing anyone whose key has been signed by an administrator, to use that system.
All seems well.
The problem I'm grappling with right now is if I wanted to introduce a second system with its own users and cross-authenticate.
As I understand it there are 4 levels of trust:
- unknown: You wouldn't have a clue how good this person is at checking - none: You know this person signs anything put under their nose, and so you can't trust them to vouch for another's identity
- marginal: You trust them somewhat.
- full: they take identity and trust seriously.
The computer really has no means to check identity, so if anyone signs its key, the trust should be considered 'none'.  i.e. the person signing does not trust the computer to check identity (because it can't).
The computer could be set up so when a new user comes along, if it allows "anonymous" access, it signs the new key with a trust of 'none' (after checking it doesn't already have a key for that user) so that user may log in.
As for users from another site, I guess the messaging computer from our site could sign the other site's key with marginal trust, and that would allow keys signed by the other site to log in here.
Now the flaw I think I can spot with this arrangement: suppose a fool of a user were to "sign" the computer's key with absolute trust.  Anyone who had signed their key with marginal or absolute trust would now implicitly trust any key that computer had signed.  A big problem if that person had an admin key.
I can revoke a signature, question is what stops someone from submitting an old version of a key?  Does OpenPGP merge trust updates coming from multiple sources?
Am I better to sign signatures to indicate identity, or would I be better storing a fingerprint of their signature elsewhere and referring to that to check authentication?  Or does attributes like the mean-shortest-
distance serve well enough?
Stuart Longland

@_date: 2014-03-30 16:44:39
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] OpenPGP and trust 
Indeed, this is one exact scenario I'm thinking of.  In my case, proving I'm "VK4MSL" to an automatic station (regardless of the medium; it could equally be the Internet or a radio link), and thus allowing the station to make a decision as to, based on my alleged identity, grant me particular privileges.
It could be that you are an administrator of a system, giving a system administration command (e.g. "turn repeater off") or you could be logging into a system to retrieve BBS messages and deleting the ones you've read and sending sending a few replies.  (You don't want someone maliciously logging in and deleting your mail before you get to it, or stirring up other kinds of mischief by sending bogus mail on your behalf.)
The other thing I want to remove, is reliance on a central system, where it be Logbook Of The World, QRZ.com, HamQTH.com, or having to verify yourself again and again (e.g. EchoLink require you to email them a scan of your license).
(The irony that I'm trying to remedy the situation of multiple databases by effectively creating another is not lost on me.  The thing I'm *not* doing, is creating another *centralised* database.)
I would've thought so.  So long as the actual message isn't obscured, the other is nothing more than a fancy checksum for the purposes of privacy. i.e. it does the same job as CRC: tells the other end that the message they received more likely matches the other end (ignoring collisions).
The other thing it does is tell them the person who sent that message knows the requisite private key, i.e. the message more likely originated from the person/group who holds that key and not an imposter.
Digital signatures would remove the need to set up a shared secret out-of-
band and thus easier to update.  One would probably generate their key to expire when their license does (with a small grace period perhaps).
I'm just looking at ways of using existing technology to try and implement this idea.  I take the discussion here, rather than to an amateur radio list/forum/newsgroup, because people here won't go "You're using encryption!! Boo! Hiss!".  (And there are people who don't understand the difference between things like "encryption" and "encoding", who would make such judgements.)

@_date: 2014-03-30 17:13:36
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Subject:  OpenPGP and trust 
The Amateur License Conditions Determination has a similar provision:
"(3A) The licensee must not operate an amateur station to transmit signals that are
encoded for the purpose of obscuring the meaning of the signals, except (a) signals exchanged between an amateur station and a space station in
the amateur satellite service for the purpose of controlling the operation
of the space station; and
(b) signals exchanged between an amateur station and an unattended
amateur station for the purpose of controlling the operation of the
unattended amateur station; and
(c) intercommunications when participating in emergency services
operations or related training exercises."
So for (b), we're even allowed encryption.  However my intent isn't to
obscure meaning, just to prove who said what.
If I were to write some software for doing this, it'd be defaulting to sign-only keys, with the advice that you *only* use an encryption-capable key (e.g. RSA, or DSA+Elgamal) if you partake in activities that would be classified as "emergency services operations/training exercises".
This is true, and for the administrator users, there probably would be a
list of signatures kept on the server, signed by one of the admin keys
that would grant administrator access.  This being the primary means of
access control.
If the trust model were applied though, this would allow "guests" of the
system to make use of it.
If people signed other peoples keys after checking (1) that they are who
they say they are, and (2) hold a given license; then a signed key would
authenticate someone as being an amateur operator who is logging in as a
guest on the system, and not some imposter who's just figured out they
can wire the sound card of their computer to their radio to wreak havoc.
The other way I guess I could do some of the above would be S/MIME, with
individual radio clubs being certificate authorities or something.  CAs
can cross-certify each-other by signing eachothers keys (least I
remember hearing this back when I was studying some crypto subject at
university).  However, I think OpenPGP is closer to the community-spirit
of amateur radio which is why I've considered it first.
One thing I haven't yet found a definitive answer on.  I can sign a key
and assign trust.  Am I correct in assuming that the presence of the
trust signature (or a revoked trust signature) is a binary statement of
"I believe the person named really holds this key" versus "I believe an imposter holds this key" and that the trust level exclusively refers to
how much you believe this person in identifying others?
I seem to recall seeing something wherein you could state how carefully
you checked their identity (i.e. not at all through to very careful) but
can't see reference to it in the relevant RFCs.  Maybe the thing I'm thinking of is just stored locally and isn't exported with the public key.

@_date: 2014-03-30 17:39:59
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] OpenPGP and trust 
Thinking about the message I just posted (and hasn't arrived in the mailing list yet) I thought of another example in service like Echolink.
Echolink, for those of you who aren't amateur operators, is basically a Voice-over-IP system linked to the amateur radio band.  You download a client application that you can run on your computer and it allows you to connect to repeater and radio links over the Internet.
Since it's a requirement that users of these radio links and repeaters are licensed radio operators, the Echolink system operators require that you prove you're a licensed amateur operator when you first sign up.
Presently they do this by requesting you scan a copy of your license and email it to them.
I've never met the people who run Echolink, but I've met quite a few amateurs in my local area, and some from interstate/overseas.
A signed email using a key that embeds your call-sign and a chain of trust leading back to this hypothetical operator of Echolink might be all that's necessary to prove you hold that call-sign.
So the purpose would be to authenticate yourself not to a computer, but to a human who in all likelihood won't get to meet you in person, and so similarly has no opportunity to verify identity.
The devil as always is in the details, and it requires that everyone tow the line and do proper checks.
I'm interested to know if there's any hidden gotchas that might compromise such a system.

@_date: 2014-05-24 12:49:16
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] eBay hack 
There is a claim by a comment on The Register that the following is the algorithm used, and that over the years they've changed hashing SHA-512(RSA-Encrypt(RSA-Encrypt(Password + Username) + Password))

@_date: 2014-05-25 18:06:30
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Facebook on the state of STARTTLS 
I recall last time I changed a SSL certificate over (thank-you Heartbleed), Thunderbird made a big song and dance about the change of SSL certificate.  I haven't experimented with other clients much to know how they react, but I do recall having to accept the new certificate in

@_date: 2014-05-25 18:42:56
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Are there other anonymous key exchange 
Perhaps make it a fraction of the time it takes to crack the key?  So if with today's hardware it would take 100 years to crack a key, replace the keys daily?
I'm considering this problem elsewhere, some would recall my query about using digital signatures for authentication over packet radio: here I've settled on 192-bit ECDSA.  Apparently 256-bit ECDSA, as used in Bitcoin supposedly would take a contemporary supercomputer a ridiculous amount of time to crack.
 estimates that for a 256-bit key, it was around 650 million, billion years for today's equipment, and the estimate was it'd be 60+ years before we'd see a computer capable of giving the problem a good bash (just over a year).
I'd be interested to know how close the maths is there, the author mentions it being a very conservative estimate and that in reality, it'd be a lot more.  I've taken that as a rough guide, and so if that post is true, it'd take ~152224491 years for a 192-bit key.  And maybe in 10 years we might see a computer that can grind through the combinations quickly enough.
192-bit ECDSA is not as strong of course, but was still a case of "not in my lifetime without a computing breakthrough".  So I'm working on the theory: the keys are not encrypting, just signing and the keys should be replaced every few years, by the time someone cracks one, it'll be useless anyway.
In the case of encryption, the situation is different: the (private) key, once revealed, is not useless, any ciphertext produced by it (or its public counterpart) can now be deciphered.
It's then a matter of how old the data is, and whether you care about it being revealed that far in the future.  You might be dead by then, in which case it may only upset your great grandkids.
Authorities probably won't have this sort of patience and will just demand you hand over the keys, or find some other way of obtaining them.

@_date: 2014-05-26 07:01:09
@_author: Stuart Longland 
@_subject: [Cryptography] New slogan for the NSA 
I read that and immediately thought of Maxwell Smart holding a shoe to his ear.
