
@_date: 2003-03-05 17:15:15
@_author: Tal Garfinkel 
@_subject: double shot of snake oil, good conclusion 
I believe you are overlooking the assumed threat model, and thus the
value of document control systems like the one that Microsoft is
The benefit of systems like this is to aid in managing the huge amounts
of confidential internal documents that enterprises generate and would
like to keep out of paper form, thus out of the hands of dumpster divers
and not left around on desktops, to prevent accidental propagation of
internal documents, etc.
Imposing access controls that rely on users not being explicitly
mallicous are not "snake oil" and are not a new idea, nor is the
recognition of their limitations.  In systems that impose mandatory
access controls of the more traditional type (ala Bell LaPadula), the
user can always violate the *-property (i.e. no write down) by simply
typing information from a high level document into a lower level
document.  Clearly, you could do the same thing with the system
Microsoft is proposing, but preventing this type of attack is not the
The value of these type of controls that they help users you basically
trust who might be careless, stupid, lazy or confused to do the right
thing (however the right thing is defined, according to your company
security policy).

@_date: 2003-03-07 12:26:29
@_author: Tal Garfinkel 
@_subject: double shot of snake oil, good conclusion 
That's security in the real world. You screen employee's based on their
character and competence at the task you hired them to do, you typically
don't rigorously drill them on security procedures, and even if you do
most folks get lazy, careless or confused at some point. Example: If an executive is told by the security bozo down the hall that
they should not print out sensitive documents, they might take it
seriously, but then again they can make excuses for their laziness,
"he's just being paranoid", "I want to read this report in bed, it won't
hurt this one time",  etc.  On the other hand, if they have to do
something like break out the digital camera, it should be pretty obvious
to them that what they are doing is in pretty severe violation of
company policy, will likely get them severely reprimanded if caught, and
will likely obviate any convenience benefits they might have hoped to gain
by having a hard copy of that document. I think experience with password security is a perfect example of a the
principle at work here, if you make it convenient to do the wrong thing,
people almost certainly will.
Ok, so there are only two issues here. One is problems with intention
(are they mallicous or not, this includes disgruntled employee's etc.)
and the other is problems with competence (can they be relied upon to
always follow procedure). In the former case, document control will
probably only serve as a mild deterrent, but raising the bar doesn't
hurts. At least you might have the chance to catch some employee trying
to photo many pages of your sensitive data off their screen. In the
latter case, document control can help quite a bit, and can serve as a
deterrent against things like social engineering. Also, it seems you are assuming that all internal attackers have equal
access to information, this is not the case. If employee's can make
print outs and accidentally leave them lying around, throw them away,
etc. it lowers the bar for an unprivileged internal attacker. At least
if everything stays in electronic form a mallicous employee may have to
attempt to tackle you computer systems access controls head on instead
of simply rooting around in your desk.
Clearly, document controls are not a silver bullet, but if used properly I believe they do provide a practical means of helping to restrict the
propagation of sensitive information.

@_date: 2003-05-18 09:13:21
@_author: Tal Garfinkel 
@_subject: Trusted Computing Paper at HOTOS 
I will be presenting a paper written with Mendel Rosenblum and Dan Boneh
on "Flexible OS Support and Applications for Trusted Computing" at HOTOS
IX on Wednesday. The pre-publication version of the paper can be found on the conference
web page:
or off of my homepage:
Feedback is welcomed and appreciated.
Abstract: Trusted computing (e.g. TCPA and Microsoft's Next-Generation Secure
Computing Base) has been one of the most talked about and least
understood technologies in the computing community over the past year.
The capabilities trusted computing provides have the potential to
radically improve the security and robustness of distributed systems.
Unfortunately, the debate over its application to digital rights
management has caused its significant other applications to be largely
overlooked. In this paper we present a broader vision for trusted
computing. We give an intuitive model for understanding the capabilities
and limitations of the mechanisms provided by trusted computing. We
describe a flexible OS architecture to support trusted computing. We
present a range of practical applications that illustrate how trusted
computing can be used to improve security and robustness in distributed
