
@_date: 2006-06-13 19:02:41
@_author: pat hache 
@_subject: report on security risks of applying CALEA to VoIP 
just received from IP
Below you'll find an executive summary of "Security Implications of
Applying the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act to Voice
over IP," by Steve Bellovin, Matt Blaze, Ernie Brickell, Clint Brooks, Cerf, Whit Diffie, Susan Landau, Jon Peterson, John Treichler.
The full report is at: Security Implications of Applying the Communications Assistance to Law
Enforcement Act to Voice over IP
   Steven Bellovin, Columbia University
   Matt Blaze,  University of Pennsylvania
   Ernest Brickell, Intel Corporation
   Clinton Brooks, NSA (retired)
   Vinton Cerf, Google
   Whitfield Diffie, Sun Microsystems
   Susan Landau, Sun Microsystems
   Jon Peterson, NeuStar
   John Treichler, Applied Signal Technology
Executive Summary
For many people, Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) looks like a nimble
way of using a computer to make phone calls.  Download the software, an identifier and then wherever there is an Internet connection, you can
make a phone call.  From this perspective, it makes perfect sense that
anything that can be done with a telephone, including the graceful
accommodation of wiretapping, should be able to be done readily with as well.
The FCC has issued an order for all ``interconnected'' and all broadband
access VoIP services to comply with Communications Assistance for Law
Enforcement Act (CALEA) --- without specific regulations on what would mean.  The FBI has suggested that CALEA should apply to all forms VoIP, regardless of the technology involved in the VoIP implementation.
Intercept against a VoIP call made from a fixed location with a fixed IP
address directly to a big internet provider's access router is to wiretapping a normal phone call, and classical PSTN-style CALEA can be applied directly. In fact, these intercept capabilities can be
exactly the same in the VoIP case if the ISP properly secures its
infrastructure and wiretap control process as the PSTN's central offices
are assumed to do.
However, the network architectures of the Internet and the Public Telephone Network (PSTN) are substantially different, and these lead to security risks in applying the CALEA to VoIP.  VoIP, like most
Internet communications, are communications for a mobile environment.  feasibility of applying CALEA to more decentralized VoIP services is problematic.  Neither the manageability of such a wiretapping regime nor
whether it can be made secure against subversion seem clear.  The real
danger is that a CALEA-type regimen is likely to introduce serious
vulnerabilities through its ``architected security breach.''
Potential problems include the difficulty of determining where the is coming from (the VoIP provider enables the connection but may not
provide the services for the actual conversation), the difficulty of
ensuring safe transport of the signals to the law-enforcement facility, risk of introducing new vulnerabilities into Internet communications, the difficulty of ensuring proper minimization.  VOIP implementations substantially across the Internet making it impossible to implement uniformly.  Mobility and the ease of creating new identities on the
Internet exacerbate the problem.
Building a comprehensive VoIP intercept capability into the Internet
appears to require the cooperation of a very large portion of the infrastructure, and the fact that packets are carrying voice is largely
irrelevant.  Indeed, most of the provisions of the wiretap law do not
distinguish among different types of electronic communications.  the FBI is focused on applying CALEA's design mandates to VoIP, but is nothing in wiretapping law that would argue against the extension of
intercept design mandates to all types of Internet communications.  the changes necessary to meet CALEA requirements for VoIP would likely to be implemented in a way that covered all forms of Internet
In order to extend authorized interception much beyond the easy it is necessary either to eliminate the flexibility that Internet
communications allow, or else introduce serious security risks to VoIP implementations.  The former would have significant negative on U.S. ability to innovate, while the latter is simply dangerous.  The
current FBI and FCC direction on CALEA applied to VoIP carries great

@_date: 2006-09-28 15:17:11
@_author: pat hache 
@_subject: Circle Bank plays with two-factor authentication 
Here,(Mexico) BBVA / Bancomer uses 24 special three digits numbers on a   card you need  to have at hand to access your account after login and username... the system asks you one of those 24 numbers to allow each session - entry.
supposed to be effective. .... donno if there is a similar system Circle Bank is using a coordinate matrix to let
users pick three letters according to a grid, to be
entered together with their username and password.
The matrix is sent by email, with the user's account
sign on ID in plaintext.
Worse, the matrix is pretty useless for the majority of users,
with less usability than anything else I saw in a long time.
This is what the email says:
   The following is your Two Factor code for Online Banking for
   username (sign on ID changed here for privacy reasons).  You will be
   required to enter the grid values associated with the three
   Two Factor boxes presented with each sign-on to Online Banking.
   Please save and store this Matrix in a safe yet accessible place.
   The required entries will be different each time you sign-on.
                 Two Factor Matrix
     A    B    C    D    E    F    G    H
     _    _    _    _    _    _    _    _
1    0    8    4    2    1    1    7    5
2    7    4    9    9    2    4    2    0
3    3    6    0    6    9    9    0    6
4    6    4    5    1    4    6    8    4
5    1    7    6    8    6    5    9    2
These are the additional instructions in the site:
   Check your e-mail for receipt of the Two Factor Matrix which should
   be delivered within 2-3 minutes of activation. You can save the
   e-mail to your desktop for easy access or print the matrix.
   However, do not write your sign on ID and password on this matrix ?
   treat it securely as you do with a Debit or ATM card.
   Go back to the online banking sign on page and type in your sign
   on ID, password, and the three coordinates from your Two Factor
   Matrix. These three coordinates are randomly selected each time
   you sign on, so remember to keep your matrix secure and easily
   accessible.
Well, the bank itself already compromised both the sign on ID
and the matrix by sending them in an email. All that's left
now is a password, which a nice phishing email giving the
correct sign on ID might easily get.
When questioned about this, the bank's response is that this
scheme was designed by the people that design their web site
and had passed their auditing.
Of course, a compromise now would be entirely the user's fault
