
@_date: 2004-08-17 11:10:58
@_author: Thomas Harold 
@_subject: MD5 collisions? 
I'll play the newbie and ask the question... how would this be used in a practical attack against MD5 (or the other hashing algorithms)?
 From my limited understanding, MD5 is usually used as a hash to detect tampering in a particular bitstream.  In which case, the attacker's goal would be to calculate how to change bits in the bitstream without changing the MD5 output.  (And hopefully without making the bitstream a different size.)  Is this where collisions come into play?
Alternatively, hash functions can be used to store passwords (salt + plain text password => hash function => password file).  But I don't see where the attacker could use collisions for that.
[Moderator's note:
 You might want to read up on hash functions and their uses --
 "detecting tampering" in the sense you mean isn't the main use of
 hash functions these days though they are certainly employed in such
 applications. Hash functions are a primitive used in all sorts of
 places as part of MACs, as ways of enabling signature systems, as
 elements of commitment protocols etc. The use in commitment protocols
 is totally blown by the current results, btw.
 For purposes of things like x.509 certificates, as message integrity
 codes, etc., the current attacks don't provide an immediate way to
 attack the system, but they make one worried about the health of the
 algorithms -- probably sufficiently much to motivate quickly
 abandoning them for ones that are not vulnerable to these attacks.
 --Perry]

@_date: 2006-06-04 11:03:35
@_author: Thomas Harold 
@_subject: Status of opportunistic encryption 
IIRC, from following the development of SPF (which uses rather lengthy DNS data records).  A DNS message that fits inside of a single datagram can be sent via UDP, but if it spills over, the DNS server has to setup a TCP connection.
So longer DNS messages are allowed, but they are either expensive (TCP vs UDP) or not supported by all implementations?
(Did I get that right?)
I do suspect at some point that the lightweight nature of DNS will give way to a heavier, encrypted or signed protocol.  Economic factors will probably be the driving force (online banking).
