
@_date: 2002-12-10 15:14:18
@_author: Tom Hopper 
@_subject: PGPfreeware 8.0: Not so good news for crypto newcomers 
Regarding GPG on OS X and Windows XP, I use OS X and XP, and have GPG
installed on both.  Works great in both cases, and interchangeably with the
PGP 7 users that I email with (I don't personally know anyone that uses
earlier versions of PGP, so I haven't tried out that exchange).
It's not the easiest software to use, but it works and doesn't require
knowledge of the command line.
For Mac OS X, there's Mac GNU Privacy Guard which has a dead-simple binary installer.  For GUI integration there's
GPGKeys, which provides for key management, GPGFileTool, which provides a
file encryption GUI, GPGDropThing, for drag-and-drop text encryption, and
GPGPreferences for changing your GPG settings from within the System
It's unfortunate that these are separate downloads, and are not just rolled
in together in the Mac GPG installer.
There are also links to GPG Tools, which provides the same functionality as
the PGP Tools, and plug-ins or scripts or whatever for email integration in
Apple Mail, Entourage, Eudora and Mailsmith, links to all of which can be
found at the bottom of the Mac GNU Privacy Guard page.  The Entourage
scripts work well with Entourage X; I haven't tried GPG with other email
clients under OS X.
For Windows XP, the installation of the GPG core is just as simple (from
 and there's a nice freeware GUI called GPGshell
 that includes email and Explorer
integration (via a menu in the system tray), GPG Keys and GPG Tools, which
offer functionality equivalent to the PGP products of similar name.
GPGshell works well with Outlook; I haven't tested it with other email
clients under XP.
-----Original Message-----
Number Two
Sent: Sunday, December 08, 2002 5:34 PM
For all the whining from the 'free beer' crowd, no one had bothered to make
PGP/gnupg compatible with OSX and Windoze XP.  Looks like PGP Inc was trying
to fill a hole in the market by doing just that.
