
@_date: 2001-06-04 12:45:01
@_author: Win Treese 
@_subject: McNealy -- Get over it, Part Two (was Re: BNA's Internet Law News (ILN) - 05/30/2001)  
But is the tradeoff being made explicitly or implicitly in the system
design? Consider three systems:
1. One explicitly designed to track Scott at all times and then help
if there's an accident, where part of the price that Scott pays is the
loss of privacy. The service provider then may benefit in some way for
the extra information.
2. One designed to help if there's an accident, that incidentally
happens to implemented to track Scott all the time. Later, perhaps,
someone figures out that there's a way to use that extra data, but it
wasn't part of the requirements. Such use, of course, might include
proving that Scott's car wasn't at the scene of a crime, or sending
him the now-legendary wireless coupon for a latte at the nearest
Starbucks. 3. One designed to help if there's an accident, designed in such a way
that it reveals only the information needed to do so. Beyond the
question of requirements for the system, someone might reject such a
design as too costly for some reason, putting us back in category 2.
In other words, the categories are:
1) Explicitly designed to collect "private" information
2) Collect "private" information as a side effect of the design
3) Explicitly designed not to collect "private" information
I suspect that most designers of such systems don't think much about
how to build things in category 3, especially about the subtle ways
that information shows up and can be correlated. What worries me is that the tradeoffs Scott finds acceptable are made
mostly behind closed doors, and the buyer doesn't know what they were,
or even what information is gathered and how it is used. Win Treese
treese at acm.org

@_date: 2003-12-22 21:46:22
@_author: Win Treese 
@_subject: I don't know PAIN...  
For what it's worth, I was using PAIN in presentations for Open Market
in 1995. As far as I can recall, I altered it from CAIN (which Greg Rose
mentioned). I won't claim that anyone else picked it up from me (with a
few exceptions that I know about).
After a while, I stopped using it because it's insufficient, and because
audiences had started to understand enough that one could stop talking
about nonrepudiation. Win Treese
treese at acm.org
