
@_date: 2008-07-23 21:56:51
@_author: Tom Scavo 
@_subject: The PKC-only application security model ... 
As such, your document is directly applicable to a proposed standard
that is now winding its way through the OASIS process:
The proponents of this variant of SAML Web Browser SSO have no
interest in an online database of public keys, but your profile is
relevant nonetheless, for its interoperability aspects.
You mentioned earlier that this may become an IETF RFC.  Do I take
this to mean that your company holds no patent, copyright, trademark
or license rights that would prevent us from relying on your profile?
Tom Scavo

@_date: 2008-10-24 12:08:02
@_author: Tom Scavo 
@_subject: once more, with feeling. 
Federated identity is the fancy modern term for cross-domain SSO.
I think this is putting the cart before the horse.  Today I don't see
many IdPs (OpenID, SAML, or otherwise) that support more than
username/password.  Until that happens, the relying party will
continue to maintain its own username/passwords since there's little
incentive to federate.
I mostly agree with this observation, but I'd replace the word
"Liberty" with "SAML" throughout the above paragraph.  The Liberty
Identity Federation Framework (ID-FF) was donated to the OASIS
Security Services Technical Committee in late 2003.  This gave rise to
SAML V2.0 in March 2005.  For all practical purposes, Liberty ID-FF is
If RPs end up trusting a small number of IdPs, then there is much to
be gained (obviously) by being one of those IdPs.  Thus there are
strong forces at work to *prevent* federated identity from taking hold
since everyone is competing to be one of those IdPs.  I wonder what it
will take to break the log-jam that holds back the anticipated rise of
federated identity?
I'm not sure I follow that line of reasoning.  Are you referring to
Liberty the specification or Liberty the implementation?  In any
event, it is better to talk about SAML, not Liberty, since the latter
is history with respect to browser-based federated identity.
I agree with you that the goal is to replace username/password with
something stronger, but evidently neither OpenID nor SAML are helping
us get there.  I still have some hope that information cards will make
a dent in this problem, but who knows.
