
@_date: 2018-04-23 12:03:55
@_author: Ubicorn 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Review of UBIC 
I posted some weeks ago regarding my Universal Basic Income Cryptocurrency project and I just finished a Whitepaper draft that can be seen here: If someone has a suggestions he or she is free to open a pull request or send me an email.

@_date: 2018-02-26 16:49:36
@_author: Ubicorn 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Review of UBIC 
we have released a cryptocurrency called UBIC that distributes a universal basic income to it's users.
We solved the sibyl attack by requiring users to scan the NFC chip of their E-Passport.
The process works this way:
- The user reads out the PKCS7 file contained on the E-Passport.
- A non-transerable proof of signature knowledge is created on one of his UBIC addresses using the document signing certificate contained in the PKCS7 file.
- This proof is broadcasted and included in the blockchain
The source code of the project can be found here: The non-transferable proof of signature knowledge for ECDSA signatures is generated here: and for RSA signatures here: We are a little bit unsure if our non-transferable proof of signature knowledge for RSA is completely secure because we had to hack it a little bit.
It is based on on the Guillou-Quisquater protocol where the challenge has to be smaller than the RSA exponent.
However because the document signing certificate exponents are almost every time 65537 we generate 5 proofs of 16 bit entropy each.
What are your opinions on this?

@_date: 2018-02-28 13:29:17
@_author: Ubicorn 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Review of UBIC 
The links you gave don't belong to our project. I do agree with you on some points and a road map has been posted on the Bitcointalk since:  A white paper will also be released soon. Regarding your point of view about UBI you can also see it this way: The UBI reward you get after registering your passport is a little bit the way Bitcoin worked in the early days when one could mine it with his or her personal computer. Nowadays you can still mine on your computer, but even after a year the amount you would have mined wouldn't be enough to cover the costs for doing a single transaction. At the beginning Bitcoin was the money made by the people for the people. It has now become the money made by the mining farms for the speculative investors. With UBIC the majority of new coins will always be generated by the people and without wasting precious energy. There will also be no hyperinflation because the amount of monetary units created with every block is static and it doesn't increase when more people join.
