
@_date: 2002-09-21 02:33:40
@_author: eli+@zimbs4.srv.cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: unforgeable optical tokens? 
I can't dig up the memory, but I think I heard of a similar idea --
random structure in transparent solid, difficult to copy -- used in
some kind of tag or seal for nuclear security.  Can anyone remind me
what this might have been?

@_date: 2002-09-21 20:12:37
@_author: eli+@zimbs4.srv.cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: unforgeable optical tokens? 
I said:
Someone suggested in personal mail I look at the Slashdot discussion.
Thanks.  A couple of people there mention its use for tamper-evident
tags or seals or both (nobody seems too certain).  Google tells me the
DOD has entire conferences on seals, which I guess makes perfect
sense, and I imagine the details would be in there somewhere.
I looked at Ravikanth's dissertation, but it gave no direct reference
to this work.  It did reference "quantum subway tokens" and a recent
patent which used the random-solid idea; possibly the nuclear stuff
was assumed as prior work to those.  Putting this in the framework of
cryptography (as "physical one-way functions", etc.) seems to be one
of this thesis' contributions.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: except for HTTPS/TLS 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
and the Diffie/Hellman paper in 1976 (discovery of public key
Reality is different: While Firewalls, Content Filters (Virus/Spam/
Porn filters), IDS, High availability systems, etc. become more and
more important, encryption and signatures, especially based on PKIs, don't seem to get more relevant (except for HTTPS/TLS).
There was an interesting speech held on the Usenix conference by Eric Rescorla ( unfortunately I did not have the time to visit the conference)
about cryptographic (real world) protocols and why they failed
to improve security. From the logfiles I've visited I'd estimate
that more than 97% of SMTP relays do not use TLS at all, not
even the oportunistic mode without PKI. I actually know many companies who can live pretty well and secure
without cryptography, but not without a firewall and content filters.
But many people still insist on the claim that cryptography is by far
the most important and only scientific form of network security.
Is cryptography where security took the wrong branch?

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
to 10 cents per transaction, claims the system reduces checkout time by 30%.
One early user of Pay by Touch are a handful of Piggly Wiggly supermarkets.
After installing the system in four stores in July, "a good, strong
percentage of our transactions are done by touch" already, says David
Schools, senior vice president of Piggly Wiggly Carolina Inc., based in
Charleston. He declined to be more specific. The chain hopes that customers
will register checking accounts and make electronic withdrawals via
fingerprint ID to pay for purchases, which would save the grocer steep
credit-card or debit-card fees.
IBM says that convenience stores are experimenting with fingerprints as an
alternative to radio-frequency identification cards like Exxon Mobil
Corp.'s Speedpass, to deal with the "sweaty jogger problem" -- cashless
runners coming in for coffee or Gatorade. The problem with RFID cards is
that anyone can use one that is lost or stolen. Not so with fingerprints.
Jeff Baughan, vice president of information technology at Catholic Health
Systems in Buffalo, N.Y., says he anticipates some day installing wireless
readers on the carts used by nursers that would read patients' fingers, to
double-check that the right patient gets the right medicine. Currently, the
health-care system is installing Ultra-Scan Corp. devices that read fingers
to register incoming patients and make sure that different people aren't
using the same insurance card.
Fingerprint-scanner authorization also is being used by business owners as
a replacement for lock combinations on safes. "Traditionally, two people
are given the same combination, and if there's a loss, how can you figure
out who took it?" says Edward McGunn, president of Corporate Safe
Specialists Inc., of Posen, Ill. He predicts that within two years, 80% of
his sales will be fingerprint safes, partly because it's much simpler to
train an unskilled manager to open one. "This is the most exciting time to
be in the safe business in my lifetime," says Mr. McGunn, a
third-generation safe maker.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
as the longest span of 8 rounds.
With a proof by induction based on what I said above, this has 8 round
security against collision attacks.   Any round security length is
achievable, given long enough message lengths, but the message lengths
required roughly doubles for each additional 2 rounds of strength.  The mod
N begins to be important with edge lengths of 96.  In particular, we'll
need at least 192 message blocks to insure that the mod N doesn't allow
loops shorter than 8 that span the whole ring.  We need two of these
chains, for a total of 384 message blocks.  If each is 512 bits in width,
that's 24,576 bytes, which still fits in a lot of L1 caches, but it's
beginning to bust out.
If L3 cache is fast enough, given other limiting factors such as DDR memory
speed, then we could grow this from 8 round security to maybe 22 without
busting out of 10-ish MiB of L3.  However, the algorithm becomes less
applicable to small files, limiting it's application.
If we want support for small files, 6 or 8 round security may be enough to
be interesting.  In particular, what if we take something like 2 rounds of
Blake2b's round function, and use it here as our round function with the 6
or 8 loop pattern?  In theory, that should give it 12 or 16 rounds of
strength against differential attacks, while running with the speed as if
only 4 rounds had been used.  That's a 3X-ish speed up.
To make this scheme even faster, I'm looking into adding a 3rd chain.  It
means that 3 rounds will be called, but I might be able to do 1 round of
Blake2b, for example, rather than 2 for the basic round function, for an
equivalent speed of 3-round Blake2b.  I'm not sure what the message access
pattern in the 3rd chain should be yet.  If I can design it so that any
loop in the first two chains results in a non-loop in the 3rd, that should
make the 3rd loop explode into a mess for any differential attack, I

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Hz hum dominating the results from the hardware random number
generator, but most of the time when people use it for a software
implementation, it tells you essentially nothing.
And yet, people continue to use it as a justification of how haveged
must be a secure "true" random number generator, and only reaction I
have is:
