
@_date: 2003-02-09 10:06:43
@_author: Faust 
@_subject: Columbia crypto box 
While this is obvious to the oldtimers, I had to look Kerkhoffs principle ( and found that it is the old injunction against security by obscurity ).
So for the benefit of those who are as clueless as me:
"A basic rule of cryptography is to use published, public, algorithms and protocols. This principle was first stated in 1883 by Auguste Kerckhoffs: in a well-designed cryptographic system, only the key needs to be secret; there should be no secrecy in the algorithm. Modern cryptographers have embraced this principle, calling anything else "security by obscurity." Any system that tries to keep its algorithms secret for security reasons is quickly dismissed by the community, and referred to as "snake oil" or even worse. This is true for cryptography, but the general relationship between secrecy and security is more complicated than Kerckhoffs' Principle indicates. The reasoning behind Kerckhoffs' Principle is compelling. If the cryptographic algorithm must remain secret in order for the system to be secure, then the system is less secure. The system is less secure, because security is affected if the algorithm falls into enemy hands. It's harder to set up different communications nets, because it would be necessary to change algorithms as well as keys. The resultant system is more fragile, simply because there are more secrets that need to be kept. In a well-designed system, only the key needs to be secret; in fact, everything else should be assumed to be public. Or, to put it another way, if the algorithm or protocol or implementation needs to be kept secret, then it is really part of the key and should be treated as such. Kerckhoffs' Principle doesn't speak to actual publication of the algorithms and protocols, just the requirement to make security independent of their secrecy. In Kerckhoffs' day, there wasn't a large cryptographic community that could analyze and critique cryptographic systems, so there wasn't much benefit in publication. Today, there is considerable benefit in publication, and there is even more benefit from using already published, already analyzed, designs of others. Keeping these designs secret is needless obscurity. Kerckhoffs' Principle says that there should be no security determent from publication; the modern cryptographic community demonstrates again and again that there is enormous benefit to publication. "
also see:
Kerckhoffs' principle: Do not assume secret designs and algorithms; only keys can be assumed secret. Kerckhoffs' original concern was that cryptosystems designed under the `security by obscurity' assumption, namely assuming that the adversary would not know their designs, might be easily exposed once the design is revealed.

@_date: 2003-02-09 10:15:52
@_author: Faust 
@_subject: The Handbook of Applied Cryptography online 
The Handbook of Applied Cryptography ( menezes et al ) is available online at
My apologies if the other list members were aware of this.
There is also an interesting "Lecture Notes on Cryptography " by Goldwasser and M. Bellare at :

@_date: 2003-01-27 13:57:30
@_author: Faust 
@_subject: [IP] Master Key Copying Revealed (Matt Blaze of ATT Labs) 
Matt's paper was about _locks_.
In case you have forgotten, the title was "Cryptology and Physical Security: Rights Amplification in Master-Keyed Mechanical Locks".
To weakly criticize his paper because it did not talk about the cost of
fabrication or physical tolerances misses the point entirely.
There _are_ situations where information leakage is of concern.
I can imagine other applications of Matt's methods to other forms of
physical security.
In any case, it is intrinsically interesting In practice, social engineering is far easier to use to access secure premises.
Bribe a guard, go to bed with a person with access etc..
However, that is not the proper domain of a study of rights amplification.

@_date: 2003-01-27 14:06:38
@_author: Faust 
@_subject: Verizon must comply with RIAA's DMCA subpoena 
Sounds very sensible to me.
Leave the voting to those who care.
One of my peeves about Australia is that voting is compulsory here.
Quite apart from enforced voting being an infringement of my civil right, the
problem is that most people do not even know who is standing for election from their electorate, far less care what their policies are.
As a result the great unwashed turn up and tick boxes at random.
One rightwing politician used this recently to register 30 fake minor parties
( Gay and Lesbian Party, Marihuana party, Save the Forests Party etc ) and then
directed the preferences of these parties to himself.
This enabled him to get elected to Parliment.

@_date: 2003-01-29 08:25:40
@_author: Faust 
@_subject: [IP] Master Key Copying Revealed (Matt Blaze of ATT Labs) 
Have a look at the DOD Lock Program Faq at and the links leading from it, especially the one
on high security padlocks and hasps.
