
@_date: 2001-07-02 15:13:06
@_author: V. Alex Brennen 
@_subject: Crypographically Strong Software Distribution HOWTO 
Hash: SHA1
I've written a HOWTO on the cryptographically strong distribution
of computer software.  Any constructive criticism would be
appreciated. I hope to standardize the use of this model in
the GNU/Linux free software community.
You can find the HOWTO here:

@_date: 2001-07-02 22:52:08
@_author: V. Alex Brennen 
@_subject: Crypographically Strong Software Distribution HOWTO 
Hash: SHA1
Thanks.  Unfortunately, I'm afraid it's of little value if projects
do not adopt it.
My apologies, the suggested use of SHA1 was my intention. I'll
make my self more clear.
I used MD5 as an example in section 1.2, which explains concepts,
due to its wide spread use by Linux distributors such as Red Hat
and Mandrake and other free software projects.  However, in
section 2.1 (the establishment instructions) I clearly state
that "I strongly suggest that you revoke any version 2 or
version 3 public keys and replace them with version 4 keys
unless you have good reason not to do so." Since this HOWTO
is written for GnuPG on Linux which uses SHA1 by default in
version 4 keys, I thought my suggestion to use a version 4
key was a sufficient statement in support of SHA1 over MD5.  I
wanted to leave room for people who wanted to use MD5,
despite its potential weaknesses, in the event that they had
concerns about SHA1 being a government algorithm.  This was
poor judgment.
Thanks again for the suggestion.  I should have been more clear.
I'll include a statement about the potential weaknesses of MD5
in the next version of the HOWTO and a deprecation of MD5 in
the Strong Distribution Model and Guerrilla Development Model.
I'll release that version once I compile the feedback on the
current version.
I appreciate the feedback.  This is part of a rather large
and ambitious project on my part to decentralize software
distribution.  I'm working to build the infrastructure
necessary to provide the free software community with a solid PGP framework to build upon.
Strong Distribution HOWTO (Cryptographic Signatures)
GnuPG Keysigning Party HOWTO (Web Of Trust)
CryptNET Keyserver (Keyserver optimized for Web Of Trust evaluation)
(Very early alpha - 1.0.0 release planned in about three weeks)
CryptNET Keyserver Network (Keyservers to distribute public keys)
Free Software P2P Network [FSPN] (P2P Network for software distribution)
I'm working on a bunch of other code to produce infrastructure
as well.  My goal is to have 40% of the major free software
projects cryptographically protected by the end of the year.
The compromise of the Apache server is what, in part, motivated
me to do this.

@_date: 2001-07-03 14:13:02
@_author: V. Alex Brennen 
@_subject: Crypographically Strong Software Distribution HOWTO 
Hash: SHA1
I had hoped the suggestion to identify a release master was sufficient.
Thanks allot for your input. You make very good points, and I'll
extend the next version of the HOWTO to cover this content.
In the case of small projects the role key could be shared,
distributed hand to hand on a floppy or sent through PGP
encrypted email. In the case of a large project like Apache,
this obviously isn't possible.
In the case of such a large project, perhaps you could issue
a separate role key pair to each developer and generate
revocation certificates which are held by the core group for
those keys. When a developer leaves the group, the revocation
certificate for his key would be circulated.  Role keys could be
identified by signatures from a "Master Key" in a traditional
model (much like PKI), through the posting of a list of authorized
keys digitally signed with a master key, or in an anarchistic model
(which it sounds to me is what you're describing) by signatures
from other core developers.  A threshhold could be established to
consider a key officially certified for release, or a single signature
could be acceptable.  Maybe this is what you're looking for, a model of
authorization like PKI except that it is based in the model of PGP's
decentralized web of trust?
Granted totally decentralized project like Apache cannot
adopt the steps of the howto exactly as they are written
with out altering their release model. However, such projects
can make extremely beneficial use of third party testimonials,
as the Apache Project does.  Third party signatures on releases
could be distributed with the release and the third parties
performing those signatures could be the core developers.
Core developers are obviously in a strong position to speak
about authenticity and content. While the use of core developer
signatures as third party testimonials would make such a group
slightly more vulnerable to trojan horse attacks via faked key
pairs, this level of increased vulnerability is not (in my
opinion) very significant.
The howto is just a guide.  It is meant to be modified by
individual projects as they see fit. I don't see the model
you're describing as a barrier to adoption of a strong
distribution model on the part of the apache project.
In fact, the Apache Group seems to be using a strong
distribution model for most of it's releases now. I modeled
some of the content in the howto after the Apache practices.
I think it would be good to see the Apache Project make a
policy as to request (require) the signature of releases
by the individual responsible for the release.  It would
also be good to ask apache core members to generate new
version 4 openPGP keys to replace older keys and continue
to build the excellent web of trust that the group has
established. The October ApacheCon in Europe would be an
excellent time to integrate new version 4 keys into the
Apache web of trust.  Also, it would be nice to see the
Apache group make its use of PGP signatures more prominent
by posting a signature policy (if one is developed), and by
linking to keys on a trusted keyserver as well as distributing
them from the site so that new signatures are immediately
available to people who wish to verify the testimonials of
the core developers. Finally, perhaps the Apache Foundation
would be willing to pick up the standards put forth in the
HOWTO for files names of signatures?  Everyone is pretty
much doing their own thing right now - I tried to pick up
the most popular stuff for standards I put forth in the
I've been working on code similar to what you're describing as prototype
perl scripts which I intend to port to patches against GnuPG.  I'd be
happy to help develop the tools necessary to allow Apache to embrace a
strong distribution model more easily.  Further, I would be greatfull to
have an opportunity to contribute to a project such as Apache.  Just let
me know what you have and what you need.

@_date: 2001-07-03 15:11:11
@_author: V. Alex Brennen 
@_subject: Crypographically Strong Software Distribution HOWTO 
Hash: SHA1
Let me speak to version 3 PGP keys (version 2 keys are obvious
Version 3 keys create key fingerprints with MD5 which results in
only a 32 byte hash as opposed to the 40 byte fingerprint produced
by the use of SHA1 hash in openPGP version 4.  In openPGP version 4,
the keyid is the low 8 bytes of the SHA1 hash/fingerprint and the
full keyid is the low 16 bytes of the hash/fingerprint.  In
version 3, there is no full keyid (16 byte ID) and the 8 bytes
of the keyid are independent of the key fingerprint (It is the
low 64bits of the public modulus of the RSA key).  The use of
MD5, and the failure to hash the full key material to generate
the keyid makes version 3 keys significantly weaker (key id and
fingerprint collisions, key content modifications) than version
4 keys.  (Keep in mind that most PGP programs retrieve PGP keys
from the keyservers, and specify keys in program operation, by
the 8 byte keyid.)
A quote from RFC2440 on Version 3 Keys:
"V3 keys SHOULD only be used for backward compatibility because of
three weaknesses in them. First, it is relatively easy to construct a
V3 key that has the same key ID as any other key because the key ID
is simply the low 64 bits of the public modulus. Secondly, because
the fingerprint of a V3 key hashes the key material, but not its
length, which increases the opportunity for fingerprint collisions.
Third, there are minor weaknesses in the MD5 hash algorithm that make
developers prefer other algorithms."
So, everyone should generate all new keys with the version 4 format.
I think it's a very good idea to attempt to migrate to the version
4 format if at all possible.  Many people are still using version
2.6.x of PGP because of its source available status.  This is
obviously a bad thing.  Those people should convert to GnuPG
which runs on most platforms (including microsoft windows).
Since most projects and developers do not yet have PGP keys and
webs of trust set up, it is logical to have them use version 4.
The projects which do have developers with version 2 and 3 keys
usually don't have webs of trust set up which makes it of little
cost to discard and replace the older keys.  In the case of a
project like Apache where there is an existing web of trust and
a number of version 2 and 3 keys, there will be a significant
cost to discard the older keys.  The cost of the elimination
of web of trust links is what I was referring to in the howto
by 'good reason not to do so' when I said:
"I strongly suggest that you revoke any version 2 or version 3
public keys and replace them with version 4 keys unless you
have good reason not to do so."
However, due to the weaknesses in version 3 keys, it makes
sense to attempt to start a migration in the Apache Project
and the ASF to the openPGP version 4 format keys.  Particularly
with a conference coming up where developers will hopefully
be able to get together and sign keys.  Obviously, there has
not been a compromise of the version 2 and version 3 formats
that imparts an immediate need to revoke older keys and discard
the links in the Apache Web of Trust.  But, in my opinion
there is still sufficient cause for migration to version
4.  Apache members can have both a new version 4 replacement
key and a well integrated version 2 or 3 key.  Hopefully,
the version 4 key will soon be well integrated and the
version 2 or 3 key can be revoked.  Until that time, a
reciprocal signature between the old and new keys of
an individual should provide for sufficient trust of
new keys.
It is just a suggestion.

@_date: 2001-07-03 16:26:38
@_author: V. Alex Brennen 
@_subject: Crypographically Strong Software Distribution HOWTO 
Hash: SHA1
They do.  GnuPG for example allows the user to choose between three
main reasons, then to add a variable length string explaining the
GnuPG output example:
Please select the reason for the revocation:
  1 = Key has been compromised
  2 = Key is superseded
  3 = Key is no longer used
  0 = Cancel (Probably you want to select 1 here)
Your decision? 3
Enter an optional description; end it with an empty line:
