
@_date: 2001-04-02 17:27:15
@_author: vertigo 
@_subject: Bleichenbacher's DSA Attack 
Friends, Romans, Cypherpunks:
I'm looking for detailed information (beyond Bell's
press release) on this attack. I have found info
regarding an attack on PKCS found in '97, but this
recent one seems to be eluding me.

@_date: 2001-04-20 03:38:02
@_author: vertigo 
@_subject: Another shining example of Microsoft "security". 
Not that anyone checks the validity of their certs anyway.
There are a couple of companies with url-rewriting proxies
who are able to pay (or used to pay) their programmers because
of this lack of concern. Actually, this sounds almost like a
feature (i.e. "Accept all certs", "Accept only certs that get
sent back to the originating server", "Do not accept certs")   :)

@_date: 2001-04-20 17:00:33
@_author: vertigo 
@_subject: Another shining example of Microsoft "security". 
Ours did.  I don't know if Lycos still uses the software,
but it was not an HTTP proxy.  Lycos, for example, had
a link to The Gap on their shopping page.  The HREF was
something like 'proxy.lycos.com/createreferral?host=
  We took over from there.  The
request was made (either insecurely, or through an SSL
client), retrieved, stored in an Oracle database,
parsed to change all the URLs in tha page to point BACK
to our software, and sent to the user. If they were
accessing a secure site, then we were happy to provide our
own certificate. This was repeated as many times as necessary.
We were the proverbial man-in-the-middle.
Later on we parsed the logged pages looking for purchase
information.  Once this information was found, we gave Lycos
The Gap's daily weekly, and monthly sales figures. Lycos then
sent The Gap a bill for a percentage of these.
It was terribly insecure on our end, everything (including
credit card information) being stored in the clear for
offline parsing.  Management didn't want to spend the
time, money, and effort required to make that unruly beast
secure. Both our lawyers, and Lycos' assured us this type
of snooping was covered by Lycos' user-agreement.  The only
legal call we received was from Google, when the the first
link presented to users searching for The Gap was the link
on Lycos's site that pointed to our software.  :)
It's a rather long story, and the software is considerably
more complex than this.  Rest assured, Phlair, Inc. had a
25% staff cut a month or so ago.  I doubt they will be doing
this for much longer.
If you want more information, I would be happy to provide it off
the list.  I could write volumes about it, and the crypto is
the least interesting part about it.  The SSL client was written
in 15 minutes.

@_date: 2001-04-20 17:44:55
@_author: vertigo 
@_subject: Another shining example of Microsoft "security". 
It certainly should not be encouraged.  The fact remains that
informed users are rare.  The algorithms are strong, but the
infrastructure is cream of wheat.  Microsoft, if this is true,
(I use Pine and there isn't a copy of Outlook anywhere in sight)
has done an injustice not only to the user but, more importantly,
to the infrastructure.
I will say that my opinion is based on anecdotal info rather
than anything concrete.  During the 6 months I worked on the
url-rewriting proxy, I heard of no complaints from users regarding
certificates not belonging to the sites being browsed.  We
were dealing with a large amount of traffic, having proxied 150 of
Lycos' merchants (with mediocre success) through the Christmas

@_date: 2001-11-01 12:08:43
@_author: vertigo 
@_subject: Rubber hose attack 
True, attacks are usually carried-out by known and/or trusted individuals.
I suppose I was thinking more about key management on a theoretical level.
The infamous "rubber hose attack" still exists.  Once you really get down
to the real-world level, things begin breaking down. Identity theft is trivial
unless your proof of identity is always changing (e.g. SecureID), duplication
of that proof is made reasonably difficult (algorithmically, physically, how-
ever), and the proof itself is kept reasonably secure.  It appears that a lot
of work has to be done and a lot of money spent before even a small amount of
trust in an individual's proof of identity (on a world- or Internet-wide
scale) can be established.

@_date: 2001-11-02 12:44:38
@_author: vertigo 
@_subject: Rubber hose attack 
The point is, without this cosmic notion of trust, _I_ could walk into a bank
in semi-rurual Turkey and pull hundreds of dollars from YOUR credit card ac-
count. (Unless I was there during an earthquake, and all the telephone lines
were down and all I had was 20 USD, 10 million Turkish Lira, my passport, and
a copy of Knuth. )
