
@_date: 2002-12-10 14:18:17
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: Research signals safer smart cards 
Yes and no. Cryptography Research is Paul Kocher's company. Obviously the journalist here encountered DPA and Kocher's other timing attacks for the first time, so we see the inevitable ga-ga response -- but it is also true that, according to Kocher, about 90 percent of the current US base of smartcards (higher outside the US) are not yet adapted to withstand DPA and other sophisticated attacks that take advantage of secret-key leakage (i.e., side-channel attacks).
Kocher's patents of leak-resistant crypto -- five so far, several within the past year -- are still coming out. I think you have the dates right for the initial publications on DPA, but descriptions of the effective countermeasures (appropriate to single-chip environments) are new and should be news.
See: Kocher's US Patent 6,381,699, issued April 30, 2002.
Leak-resistant cryptographic method and apparatus
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
The present invention introduces leak-proof and leak-resistant cryptography, mathematical approaches to tamper resistance that support many existing cryptographic primitives, are inexpensive, can be implemented on existing hardware (whether by itself or via software capable of running on such hardware), and can solve problems involving secrets leaking out of cryptographic devices. Rather than assuming that physical devices will provide perfect security, leak-proof and leak-resistant cryptographic systems may be designed to remain secure even if attackers are able to gather some information about the system and its secrets. This invention describes leak-proof and leak-resistant systems that implement symmetric authentication, Diffie-Hellman exponential key agreement, ElGamal public key encryption, ElGamal signatures, the Digital Signature Standard, RSA, and other algorithms.
One of the characteristic attributes of a typical leak-proof or leak-resistant cryptosystem is that it is "self-healing" such that the value of information leaked to an attacker decreases or vanishes with time. Leak-proof cryptosystems are able to withstand leaks of up to L.sub.MAX bits of information per transaction, where L.sub.MAX is a security factor chosen by the system designer to exceed to the maximum anticipated leak rate. The more general class of leak-resistant cryptosystems includes leak-proof cryptosystems, and others that can withstand leaks but are not necessarily defined to withstand any defined maximum information leakage rate. Therefore, any leak-proof system shall also be understood to be leak-resistant. The leak-resistant systems of the present invention can survive a variety of monitoring and eavesdropping attacks that would break traditional (non-leak-resistant) cryptosystems.
A typical leak-resistant cryptosystem of the present invention consists of three general parts. The initialization or key generation step produces secure keying material appropriate for the scheme. The update process cryptographically modifies the secret key material in a manner designed to render useless any information about the secrets that may have previously leaked from the system, thus providing security advantages over systems of the background art. The final process performs cryptographic operations, such as producing digital signatures or decrypting messages.
"Cryptography is like literacy in the Dark Ages. Infinitely potent, for
good and ill... yet basically an intellectual construct, an idea, which by
its nature will resist efforts to restrict it to bureaucrats and others who
deem only themselves worthy of such Privilege."
_ A Thinking Man's Creed for Crypto  _vbm.
  *     Vin McLellan + The Privacy Guild +     *
             22 Beacon St., Chelsea, MA 02150-2672 USA

@_date: 2002-12-10 23:09:27
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: Research signals safer smart cards  
Sean Smith  replied with a query:
I should have been more precise.  I don't have the knowledge to dismiss any proposed countermeasures for DPA in smartcards.  Chari and others have made proposals that might be efficacious, in at least some situations. I simply don't know. What I wanted to point out was that several of Kocher's DPA countermeasures for single-chips environments have been published on in the last year, after the patents issued.
Cryptography Research also just started selling its DPA testing tools to evaluation labs and smart card vendors.   This Computerwire reporter apparently picked up the CR press release on the new products and -- in his blissful innocence -- dug into it to find himself awed by the elegance simplicity of DPA. (As we all were, weren't we?)
The new CR products were mentioned briefly at the end of the article.
What we probably have here was another young scribe who just learned to spell c-r-y-p-t-o. Unfortunately, he or she lacked an editor with the savvy to place the new stuff in an appropriate perspective... even when the wire story hit The Register, which usually has more clue.
Ralf was mostly right.
"Cryptography is like literacy in the Dark Ages. Infinitely potent, for
good and ill... yet basically an intellectual construct, an idea, which by
its nature will resist efforts to restrict it to bureaucrats and others who
deem only themselves worthy of such Privilege."
_ A Thinking Man's Creed for Crypto  _vbm.
  *     Vin McLellan + The Privacy Guild +     *
             22 Beacon St., Chelsea, MA 02150-2672 USA

@_date: 2003-02-11 15:25:35
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: EC Plans Cybersecurity Agency (Fwd) 
EUROPEAN COMMISSION PLANS CYBERSECURITY AGENCY
The European Commission proposed creating the European Network and Information Security Agency to provide advice for the 15 EU members on cybersecurity issues. The agency is scheduled to begin operating in January 2004, at a site to be chosen by the governments of the 15 member states. The commission has set aside $26 million to fund the agency over the next five years, with additional funds planned to support the 10 new member states expected to join in 2004. The agency will assist EU members' own cybercrime authorities, specifically computer emergency response teams. The increased coordination among member states is expected to benefit the EU as a whole in achieving a high level of security for Internet use.
ITWorld, 10 February 2003

@_date: 2003-02-20 23:35:40
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: Swiss Researchers Find A Hole In SSL 
Slashdot has posted an update and an informative note from Paul Kocher.
The referenced paper ( describes how timing variations in SSL/TLS implementations can be used in certain situations to slowly gather information about encrypted data. If the certain conditions are met, the attacker can decrypt some information from the message (e.g., a password). Strictly speaking, the fact that implementations reveal sensitive information in timing channels is an implementation issue, not a flaw in the underlying cryptographic protocol. This doesn't make the issue unimportant, however, and timing attacks are big deal for implementers because they are easy to introduce, notoriously tricky to detect, and often difficult to eliminate.
Answers to general questions:
1. Is it still okay to send my credit card number over SSL? Yes. This attack is not applicable to web shopping and there are much easier ways that fraudsters steal credit card information (e.g., breaking into merchants' web sites -- a problem that SSL can't solve). In any case, the bank is generally responsible if someone steals your card info.
2. Is the paper "real" or another bogus "I broke SSL" claim? The paper is legit. The Slashdot announcement suggests that SSL itself is broken, however, which is a bit misleading.
2. Is this a practical attack to exploit? Cryptographers need to be paranoid about unexpected situations. As a result, attacks can be important even if they are not practical to exploit under real- world conditions. The attack described in this paper is similar; while there are quite a few preconditions for mounting the attack, this does not make the research unimportant or mean that people should ignore the work. Specific requirements to mount the attack include:
     * The session has to use CBC mode. The vast majority of SSL connections use RC4, for which the attack is not applicable. Because of the algorithm negotiation used in SSL/TLS is secured in the initial handshake, man-in-the- middle attackers should not be able affect the outcome of the algorithm selection process.
     * The attacker has to act as an active man-in-the-middle attacker. Passive eavesdropping is not sufficient.
     * The server's SSL implementation has to be vulnerable (see  below). The protocol also has to be oblivious to repeated failures.
     * The target protocol also has to have some very specific characteristics that allow the adversary to form the right kinds of messages. For most uses of SSL (e.g., normal web browsing), this type of attack does not generally apply.
3. Can affected implementations be fixed? Yes. OpenSSL has been updated ( For more information, also see  I don't know what other vendors/projects are doing.
4. Is this an issue for the client or the server? Normally, this would only be an issue for the "server" (i.e., the party that receives the connection request), since normal SSL clients don't automatically large numbers of A couple of final comments:
I'm constantly amazed by the number of ways that it's possible to screw up security. Overall, SSL 3.0 seems to have aged well, but I wish I'd done a better job of handling errors in the design. In particular, error handling was involved in both of the attacks against SSL that I consider non-obvious, notably Bleichenbacher's attack and CBC-padding attacks such as this one. While these types of attacks weren't known when I was designing SSL 3.0, I generally wish I'd provided less information in error Finally, I also want to give thanks everyone who has helped to study SSL's security, contributed to implementations, and helped shepherd it through the standards processes."
"Cryptography is like literacy in the Dark Ages. Infinitely potent, for
good and ill... yet basically an intellectual construct, an idea, which by
its nature will resist efforts to restrict it to bureaucrats and others who
deem only themselves worthy of such Privilege."
_ A Thinking Man's Creed for Crypto  _vbm.
  *     Vin McLellan + The Privacy Guild +     *
             22 Beacon St., Chelsea, MA 02150-2672 USA

@_date: 2003-01-02 14:07:54
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: text/reference on computer security? 
HI John,
"Writing Secure Code," Second Edition -- by Michael Howard and David LeBlanc, of Microsoft -- comes very highly recommended and seems to live up to its promise. I'm told this book is now mandatory reading for developers at Microsoft (and a lot of other places).  See : You might also want to refer him or her to Ross Anderson's "Security Engineering: A Guide to Building Dependable Distributed Systems," and a popular tome from Viega and McGraw: "Building Secure Software.
See Anderson's reviews at: See Viega and McGraw at:          _Vin
"Cryptography is like literacy in the Dark Ages. Infinitely potent, for
good and ill... yet basically an intellectual construct, an idea, which by
its nature will resist efforts to restrict it to bureaucrats and others who
deem only themselves worthy of such Privilege."
_ A Thinking Man's Creed for Crypto  _vbm.
  *     Vin McLellan + The Privacy Guild +     *
             22 Beacon St., Chelsea, MA 02150-2672 USA

@_date: 2003-07-12 12:30:00
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: traffic analysis of phone calls? 
(Use it if you'd like, but keep me out of it.)
Reminds me of a Supercomputer system admin I ran across in California in the mid-1980s -- a part time Deputy Sheriff -- who (at the request of a California state LEA, and with the approval of his boss) was banging away at the DES-encrypted records of a guy, alleged to be a bookkeeper or financial analyst for a Columbia drug cartel, who had been arrested in The story he told me was that the Deputy had been asked to try to brute-force the encryption on the file after the NSA and DEA had refused to attempt it.
Using free cycles on his corporate machine, he was into the project for a couple of months when a guy from the NSA showed up and convinced his boss that his effort was counterproductive to national security -- apparently because it threatened the reputation of DES.
At the time, I was more impressed that the Columbian was using a PC crypto package that apparently did not have an operational weaknesses that was then common in almost all commercial encryption packages for PCs.
Hope all is well for you and yours.

@_date: 2003-09-08 19:40:57
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: Code breakers crack GSM cellphone encryption 
A government agency would be interested in breaking GSM crypto when it wants to target a phone call which is going through a switch and local wires that are under the control of another nation, or perhaps where it does not wish to go through whatever process might be required to gain legitimate or warranted access to the call's content.
A5/2 was the equivalent of 40-bit DES, presumed to be relatively weak and developed as an export standard.
I always thought that the important fact about the GSM secure crypto protocol, A5/1, was that it was reportedly chosen and adapted for this function by the (never identified) members of the GSM SAGE committee of European experts,  a multi-national group of industrial and government I always presumed the SAGE group had a common interest in unwarranted access -- to (A5/1-secured) calls in Europe, as well as (A5/2) calls elsewhere -- which, for the various national security agencies involved, outweighed their individual interest in providing security to their respective citizenry.
As I recall, COMP128 came from German sources, and A5/1 was adapted from a French naval cipher.
That's right, of course.
Crypto aside, I was wondered if it might be somehow easier (legally, technically, procedurally) to attack the radio link of a roving GSM call -- even given the rapid pace of hand-off from one tower to another, as a mobile caller rapidly passes through several small microcell territories -- than would be to recover that call by tracking it through a large number of successive connections to the land-line telecom GSM switches.  A friend was telling me that he switches from one microcell to another every couple hundred yards in some communities.
Anyone know?
         _Vin

@_date: 2004-04-14 12:34:34
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: AES suitable for protecting Top Secret information 
I missed that announcement too -- but Wikipedia, the web-based Free Encyclopedia, caught it!  See Wikipedia on AES at: The Wikipedia module on AES Security has a link to the same NSA fact sheet Steve mentioned.
I was surprised.  I thought, as in so many other things, the NSA was going to say one thing and do another.
         _Vin
  ---------------------------------------------------------------
      Vin McLellan + The Privacy Guild +             22 Beacon St., Chelsea, MA 02150-2672 USA

@_date: 2005-06-14 11:47:43
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: analysis of the Witty worm  
Every once in a while really smart people say really stupid things.
The gratuitous allegations, in one tiny section of this otherwise slick and fascinating paper, that the author of the Witty worm was a "ISS insider" is an example of this.
The idea was that only an "insider" could have known, pre-attack, that a certain US military installation and a university -- two small PC communities pre-infected and used to launch the worm's round-the-world epidemic in '04  -- were ISS customers running flawed ISS products. The fact that this "secret knowledge" was known to the attacker was used to justify the accusation against ISS employees and associates, and (more blatantly) in a 5/24 SecurityFocus article on this paper, and subsequent silly comments by Nick Weaver on the SecurityFocus website.
One might as well gratuitously announce that there is probably a rapist among Paxon and Weaver's colleagues at UC Berkeley's ICSI, or that an arsonist is probably working in Steve's Columbia department.  Such comments are outrageous, irresponsible, and probably (under both US and Canadian law) libelous.
I don't know if ISS asked that the original paper be edited or removed from circulation, but I would be surprised if they didn't sic their lawyers on SecurityFocus at least.  They'd have to be saints to refrain.  I suspect that I was not the only one to write a strong letter to SecurityFocus (published in Canada by Symantec, an ISS competitor, mind you) suggesting that the article was irresponsible and libelous, and that an apology was due to ISS.
SecurityFocus immediately deleted the readers' comments on the article, and did some fast edits. (I think they rewrote the ending to insert a mealy-mouthed declaration that evidence of a direct ISS connection, despite the profound and brilliant comments of Kumark, Paxson, & Weaver, remained Damn right. There are innumerable ways in which vulnerable ISS customers could have been identified, from social engineering to, say, just watching the email bounces on the various ISS customer support mailing lists, which are widely mirrored.
The technical naive of cops and journalists has been a source of humor on this list and other tech-savvy forums for years. Here the shoe is on the other foot. The accusation against ISS, on such flimsy grounds -- in this paper, the SF article, and in Mr. Weaver's subsequent public comments -- was doubtless met with similar groans and exasperated scorn among professional investigators and journalists.
--Steven M. Bellovin, When Jerrold Leichter couldn't find it online, Steve offered:

@_date: 2006-02-01 14:03:10
@_author: vin@TheWorld.com 
@_subject: Face and fingerprints swiped in Dutch biometric passport crack  
Anne & Lynn Wheeler pointed out:
Didn't the EU adopt the same design that the US uses?
Am I right to presume that the passport RFID chip used by the Dutch is the
same -- or functions the same -- as the one used in the new US digital
Dutch use on their passports may have made this attack easier -- but it
was already feasible, and will be against the passports of other nations
which did not so helpfully minimize their obfuscation technique with
sequential numbering?
Anyone got more details than those offered in the Rinscure press release?

@_date: 2006-03-23 22:13:12
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: ECC Wit and Wisdom (Fwd) 
Pithy wit and wisdom from New Zealand. lol.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, 23 March 2006 12:41 PM
 >I would MUCH prefer ECC - but my lawyers (yuk!) are telling me that there are
 >licensing problems, and supposed NSA contacts don't call them back.
 >
 >Anybody knows anything useful about licensing of ECC GF(p), that he can
 >share with me?
Certicom have done such a good job of creating FUD about ECC legal issues that, unless you're a Certicom licensee, it's easier to not use it at all.
So far every time I've been asked about ECC support (which admittedly is once a blue moon anyway), I've asked the organisation who want it to come back to me with either proof of a Certicom license or a clear statement of which non- infringing mechanisms they want me to implement.  In every case, after looking at what's involved, they've decided they didn't need ECC that much anyway.
It's like the conclusion from Wargames, the only way to win is not to play.
Cfrg mailing list
Cfrg at ietf.org

@_date: 2006-03-29 13:55:43
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: Deciphering Incan khipu 
Boston Globe reporter Gareth Cook  was awarded the 2005 Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Journalism for "explaining, with clarity and humanity, the complex scientific and ethical dimensions of stem cell research."  He's an unusually talented writer.
SCHOLAR SEES STRANDS OF ANCIENT SECRETS
  Author: By Gareth Cook, Boston Globe
CAMBRIDGE - For centuries, the mighty Incan empire has confounded researchers.
The Incas controlled territory up and down the spine of South America, with a sophisticated system of tributes and distribution that kept millions fed through the seasons. They built irrigation systems and stone temples in the clouds.
And yet they had no writing. For scholars, this has been like trying to imagine how the Romans could have administered their vast empire without written Latin.
Now, after more than a decade of fieldwork and research, a professor at Harvard University believes he has uncovered a language of binary code recorded in knotted strings - a writing system unlike virtually any other.
The strings are found on "khipus," ancient Incan objects that look something like mops. About 600 khipus (also spelled "quipu") survive in museums and private collections, and archeologists have long known that the elaborately knotted strings of some khipus recorded numbers like an abacus. Harvard's Gary Urton said the khipus contain a wealth of overlooked information hidden in their construction details, like the way the knots are tied - and that these could be the building blocks of a lost writing system which records the history, myths, and poetry of the Incas.
The theory has Incan scholars abuzz. The discovery of true Incan writing would revolutionize their field the same way that deciphering the Egyptian hieroglyphics or Mayan glyphs lifted a veil from those civilizations. But it also has broader interest because the khipus could constitute what is, to Western eyes, a very unorthodox writing system, using knots and strings in three dimensions instead of markings on a flat expanse of paper, clay, or stone.
"What makes this work so interesting is that what is being expressed is being conceptualized in such a different way than we conceptualize," said Sabine MacCormack, a historian of the Romans and the Incas who is a  professor at the University of Notre Dame. "This is about an expression of the human mind, the likes of which we don't have elsewhere."
The only way to prove Urton's theory correct would be to translate the khipus, which no one has yet done. In his new book, he proposes a new method for transcribing the knotted strings which he believes could lead to breakthroughs.
And his work, funded in part by a genius grant from the MacArthur Foundation, has helped fuel a resurgence of scholarly interest in khipus. Later this month, the Chilean Museum of Pre-Columbian Art in Santiago is opening the world's first exhibit dedicated to the khipu.
"We are on the cusp of a very hot period," said Frank Salomon, a professor of anthropology at the University of Wisconsin who has studied khipus extensively.
The khipu mystery dates to the early 16th century, when the Incas were conquered by Francisco Pizarro and the Spanish set about destroying their culture. The missionaries sent to South America tried to eliminate all touches of the old gods, including the strange stringed textiles that the Incas said held their histories.
The Spanish chroniclers often exaggerated, but they did record histories of tributes and other stories they said were "read" to them by khipukamayuq - or knot keepers - from strings of knots.
In 1923, researcher L. Leland Locke was able to show that many khipus recorded numbers like an abacus, with knots in positions representing the hundred's, ten's, or one's place. He concluded that khipus were an accounting tool and scholars largely lost interest.
Locke, however, missed many subtleties in the khipus, which could make them a richer tool for communication, said Urton, whose research was described in a recent issue of the journal Science, and whose new book is called "Signs of the Inka Khipu."
The attention to khipus has its roots in insights from Marcia and Robert Ascher, a husband-and-wife team who began an extensive survey and analysis of khipus in 1968, and on the observations of Bill Conklin, a textile specialist at the Textile Museum in Washington, D.C., who noticed that khipus were spun and tied in surprisingly complex and varied ways.
Urton is proposing a system for tackling the meaning of the knots. Each knot, Urton suggests, can be thought of as a series of decisions, such as whether to make it of cotton or wool, to tie the knot with a crossing string that begins in the upper left or the upper right, and to use string that is spun clockwise or counterclockwise.
Not all scholars are persuaded by Urton's ideas.
"I don't see that this proposal arises from the actuality of the khipus," said Marcia Ascher, an emerita professor of mathematics at Ithaca College. "I don't see it being shown to fit or explain any of them."
Using money from the National Science Foundation, Urton has undertaken a comprehensive project to record as many khipus as possible in great detail, including the binary information he says could be so important. He hopes to place it all in a single computer database and give access to other scholars and the public in the hopes that somebody will see ways to crack the code. He is being helped by Carrie Brezine, a weaver and database specialist who did her undergraduate thesis in mathematics.
Last week, Brezine brought in a printout of transcriptions taken from khipus found recently in a cave overlooking the Lake of the Condors in northern Peru.
As he sat in his office, surrounded by Andean textiles, he noticed long strings of numbers that were virtually identical on three of the khipus - an indication that information was being copied from one to another, the way medieval scribes copied books by hand.
"It was one of those eureka moments," he said with a boyish grin. "This is really cool."

@_date: 2006-09-13 22:23:53
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: RSA SecurID SID800 Token vulnerable by design 
On Cryptography, and in several other online forums, Hadmut Danisch , a respected German information security analyst, recently published a harsh critique of one optional feature in the SID800, one of the newest of the six SecurID authentication tokens -- some with slightly different form-factors, others with additional security functions -- sold by RSA.  It's raised quite a stir, and I'd like to respond.
A personal authentication token, by classical definition, must be physical, personal, and difficult to counterfeit.  The most popular implementations in computer security move the calculation of a pseudo-random authentication code -- a so-called "One-Time Password," or OTP-- off an employee's PC and into a hand-held hardware fob, small enough to be attached to a personal key chain.
RSA's mainstay token, the SID700 SecurID -- millions of which are used in over 20,000 enterprise installations worldwide, including many government agencies and financial institutions -- use AES (the US cryptographic standard) to process Current Time and a 128-bit token-specific secret to generate and continuously display a series of 6-8 digit (or alphanumeric) OTP "token-codes" which change every 60-seconds, and remain valid only for a couple of minutes.
In practice, a RSA authentication server can then independently calculate the token-code that is appearing on a specific SecurID at this particular moment; compare that against an OTP submitted by a pre-registered user, and validate a match.  RSA, which first introduced the SecurID in 1987, has always insisted on the necessity of "two-factor authentication" (2FA), where a remote RSA authentication server must validate both a SecurID token-code (evidence of "something held") and a user-memorized PIN or password ("something known.")
A stolen password can be reused indefinitely to masquerade as the legitimate user, often with the victim wholly unaware. A token-generated OTP, valid only briefly, is a far more robust authenticator.  With 2FA, if a SecurID is stolen or lost, it still can't be used to obtain illicit access to protected resources without the second secret: the user's memorized PIN or password.
The elegant simplicity of the traditional SecurID -- and patents on the mechanism by which the "drift" in each individual SecurID's internal clock is tracked by the RSA authentication server -- has allowed RSA's "time-synched" SecurID to dominate the market niche for hand-held OTP authentication devices for 20 years.
In a typical installation, anyone seeking to log on to a protected PC or network, or to access restricted online resources, must manually type in the OTP currently displayed on the SecurID -- as well as his memorized PIN or password -- to have his identity and access privileges validated. Network applications handle the combined SecurID "pass-code" like any long traditional password. The link between the user and the RSA infrastructure is often, but not always, an encrypted VPN channel. That's a local decision. Data exchanges between the RSA agent  and RSA authentication server -- which typically means between one of the 350-odd "SecurID-aware" network applications and the RSA Authentication Manager, using RSA's own protocol -- are always fully encrypted.
Mr. Danisch is an admirer of the classic SecurID (SID700), RSA's traditional hand-held token. His ire is directed at one of the two new hybrid SecurID designs that RSA has recently offered in an attempt to respond to new requirements in the boisterous and rapidly-evolving market for what's called "strong authentication."
With the nascent prospect of a new billion-dollar market in consumer authentication for financial services boosted by US federal regulatory initiatives, RSA announced the SecurID Signing Token, the SID900. The SecurID Signing Token still has a time-synched OTP, but RSA added a keypad and a challenge/response function which successively authenticates the user, the remote server, and a specific financial transaction, before the transaction (e.g., a funds transfer) is executed.
On the other side of the market -- where again US laws and federal regulatory initiatives have boosted demand for internal controls and more accountability measures in enterprise IT -- RSA has introduced the SID800, another hybrid SecurID, to meet the requirements of organizations that want to move into a full public key infrastructure (PKI.)
The SID800 SecurID is a multi-function authentication and cryptographic device that combines, in a single DPA-resistant token, the mobility and availability of the classic hand-held SecurID, as well as a "smart chip" that implements v2.1.1 Java tech (essentially a "virtual smart card") in a USB format. It looks like a slightly smaller version of the classic SecurID key fob, with a USB plug jutting out at one end. It can carry up to seven X.509 digital certificates for PKI, as well as account information and complex passwords for up to three Windows accounts. The SID800's lithium battery allows it to continuously generate and display 60-second SecurID OTPs for up to five years.
The SID800 "smart chip" has the typical load of standards-compliant smart card functionality: ANSI X9.31 PRNG, client-side PKI support including key generation for DES/3DES and 1024-bit RSA Public Key Cryptography, SHA-1 hashing, and 1024-bit RSA digital signatures.To access its local cryptographic services (key generation, authentication, file encryption, digital signatures, etc.) and its X.509 certificates -- complex resources that require a circuit-to-circuit connection and interactive data exchanges --  the SID800 SecurID can be plugged directly into a PC's USB port.
None of these features -- none of the SID800's cryptographic resources -- were of apparent interest to Mr. Danisch. He ignored them all when he denounced the SID800 as "vulnerable by design."
The classic SecurID, declared Mr. Danisch on the Cryptography mailing list, "is a smart device which provides a reasonable level of security in a very simple and almost foolproof way...."
"It's a pity," he added, "to see it weakened without need..." The traditional SecurID has the advantages (and disadvantages) of an "air gap." With no direct circuit connection to the user's PC or client terminal, it has no direct vulnerability to the various classes of malicious or larcenous malware which -- Mr. Danisch warns -- can potentially overwhelm and totally corrupt PCs, and particularly Windows PCs.
What particularly disturbs Mr. D is one option among in the SID800 SecurID features which allows RSA's local client software to poll and retrieve a single OTP from the token when the SID800 is plugged into the PC's USB port.  Given the potential for malicious malware to invade and take control of any Windows PC -- malware that can seize and misuse both the user's PIN and an OTP fresh from the USB bus -- it was irresponsible, Danisch suggests, for RSA to make such a option available to its customers.
There are actually two versions of the SID800 sold by RSA.  In one version, there is none of the fancy new OTP functionality that worries Mr. D.  In this model, the only way to use the SecurID's OTP is the old-fashioned way: to read the LCD and type it (and the user's PIN) at the keyboard.
In the second version of the SID800 -- an option selectable by local management pre-purchase, and burnt into the token's USB firmware by RSA -- the user can select a menu in which he instructs the SecurID to load one OTP token-code directly into the paste buffer, presumably for immediate use. Since internal access to the SecurID's OTP via the USB bus makes it a potential target for "malware or intruders on the computer," claimed Mr. Danisch, "This is weak by design."  I beg to differ. Effective IT security is about an appropriate balance, not walls of iron or stone.
Can this token-code in the paste buffer be misused? Not likely, even if it is immediately stolen by malware and immediately used for some nefarious purpose.  A SecurID token-code can only be used once; no replay is allowed.  As a defense against race attacks, the RSA Authentication Manager will also automatically reject both of two identical token-codes submitted roughly simultaneously -- even if both are accompanied by the proper PIN -- and log it for investigation by the security manager. If the legitimate user can use the token-code, he effectively preempts any misuse of that OTP by a hostile party or malware.
Could hostile malware independently execute the menu request for a new token-code -- essentially instruct a token plugged into the USB port to produce a new token-code, without the knowledge of the user

@_date: 2007-12-10 11:27:10
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: Flaws in OpenSSL FIPS Object Module 
What does it say about the integrity of the FIPS program, and its CMTL evaluation process, when it is left to competitors to point out non-compliance of evaluated products -- proprietary or open source -- to basic architectural requirements of the standard?
At 01:15 PM 12/7/2007, Ed Gerck wrote

@_date: 2007-09-02 18:26:33
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: debunking snake oil 
I'd also be interested in any evidence that the SecurID has been cracked.
Any credible report would have the immediate attention of tens of thousands of RSA installations. Not to speak of EMC/RSA. itself, for which I have been a consultant for many years.
AFAIK, there has never been a viable direct attack on a SecurID hardware token -- except perhaps for DPA attacks against the old 64-bit SecurID tokens. DPA and similar side-channel attacks are a generic threat to OTP tokens (as well as to any other ciphering microchip), but the 128-bit AES SecurID that RSA introduced five years ago to replace the classic 64-bit SecurID was also specially designed to be DPA-resistant.
(There were also some fascinating, if wholly theoretical, statistical attacks developed against to old SecurID by Biryukov, Lano, and Preneel < in 2003, and  extended by Contini and Yin in '04 <

@_date: 2007-09-03 16:27:22
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: debunking snake oil 
Responding to Marcos el Ruptor's  allegation that the SecurID was "snake oil," Paul Walker queried him and the Listocracy:
Vin McLellan (me) responded:
Thor Lancelot quoted that, and erupted with sanctimonious umbrage:
This is puerile.  One moderator is not enough? Now you want to set yourself up as the Inquisition to vet for ideological purity?  No one at RSA (or EMC, now RSA's parent firm) even knows about this discussion, you ninny. Who would care?
In three decades online, I have never posted a message in which I did not clearly indicate if a company or organization -- the subject of the discussion, or a firm with an interest in the topic -- was a commercial client of mine. (Not everyone, even in this forum, has been so fastidious.)
I've been an independent consultant on public policy and market development to RSA, off and on, for nearly 20 years. I'm really proud of my minor role in the Crypto Wars.  Over that time, I've certainly also made my bones as an informal evangelist for RSA products, services, and policies as well.
When I can, I try to offer explanations about RSA products when questions about them pop up in the Net's public forums.  (I've done the same for various other vendors, some clients, when I knew enough.)  I know a bit about industry history -- I even did a stint as IBM's historian -- so I occasionally offer my version when I feel the revisionists have things tied up in absurdist knots. If I offer an opinion, it's my own.  If I describe what RSA has done, it is an accurate report, AFAIK.
I know basically what any major RSA corporate customer knows. EMC issues its own policy statements and press releases. I don't speak for RSA or EMC, and no one there edits what I write.  Corporations, however, don't communicate well on the Net. I have the freedom to make casual comments, debate, where corporate committees do not. Sometimes, due to NDA constraints, I can't speak up -- but I never fly under false flags, nor do I lie.
I expect that any message in which I acknowledge a consulting link with a vendor will be taken with a proverbial grain of salt -- but typically, professionals will also accept claims of fact as provisionally valid, and will listen to arguments if they are sensibly made. You reap what you sow. It usually works out, but not always. Sometimes I screw up.  Sometimes I run into zealots who believe only certain voices should be heard.
I suspect that few objective readers will take my claims of fact about the SecurID, compare them against Ruptor's allegations that the SecurID is unsafe or cryptographically compromised, and not credit my facts.  All the better if they choose to look further into what Mr. Lancelot describes -- with his fabled objectivity -- as this discussion of "flaws in [a] commercial cryptographic product."
Would the interests of this forum, or it's readers, be better served if no one could present more complete, or more accurate, facts in response to Marcos el Ruptor's allegations of SecurID insecurity?
Was it unclear to anyone, other than Mr. Lancelot, that I have a commercial association with RSA -- and, perhaps, a better than average knowledge of the facts relevant to the issue raised?
Despite Lancelot's insinuations to the contrary, I'm certain that most readers, here as elsewhere, would rather make a judgements about contentious issues with more facts --even facts supplied by people who acknowledge they work with a vendor -- rather than less facts.
(With regard to the SID800 furor that Mr. Lancelot refers to, I just didn't have time to get into a prolonged flame-fest with Thor, last fall, when I posted an explanation of what RSA was offering as new option in it's hybrid SecurIDs: USB plugs with both local storage and a microchip, and a displayed SecurID token-code LCD. The controversial part was a site-selectable option which allowed a local client to pull a SecurID token-code from the USB plug on demand, just as it could access typical smartcard functions from the USB. [On this, I did go back to RSA product managers to learn more about what the product entailed.]
(I argued that RSA's customers had asked for it, for sites in transition from OTP to PKI, and that their risk analysis should be respected. That risk, I also noted, seemed no greater than with a PKI smartcard, where a client or the OS can also access the smartcard for authentication and other PKI functions. There was no "secret vulnerability," and no "locked-in" choices: RSA itself offers a multitude of alternative authentication schemes, some more robust, some less.
(Unfortunately, this was one of those funny moments in IT history where a vendor, making one in a chain of product development decisions, finds that it has deeply offended a cadre of tech savants. Some seemed to feel that RSA was pissing in the holy grail by offering yet another SecurID product choice that traded relative security for more flexibility. I could empathize, actually. I felt something similar a decade back, when RSA first offer token-emulation code, OTP generation in software, in addition to its SecurID hardware tokens. I argued against it for years. Over the years, however, the clearest message from the authentication market is that customers demand an array of options. No one tech fits all environs.
(For all that, the post that Mr. Lancelot recalls with such rancor was not my best effort. It was originally written for other forums, where there were lot of confused RSA customers online in a big mix of technical and executive talent. I didn't take the time to craft a more concise version for Cryptography, as I should have.  If I had, I would have omitted a lot of the broader-context stuff that Mr. Lancelot and others read as marketing fluff. We would have still disagreed, but perhaps less so. As an explanation, it was very helpful elsewhere -- but here the reaction quickly degenerated into absolutist declarations about SecurID product purity and ad hominem attacks. I was, frankly, too busy to deal with it.)
It's a lazy Labor Day here in the States; not a bad day to defend a career. Overall, for what its worth, I'm quite proud of my long association with RSA. I've been a part of its history, and it's been a lot of fun. I feel I've contributed something useful to the industry and to the Net.  YMMV.
            _Vin

@_date: 2007-09-03 22:21:33
@_author: Vin McLellan 
@_subject: debunking snake oil 
I apologize for misstating your name, Mr. Simon.
I thought I had answered your question. No one asked me to reply to Ruptor, or to you -- and you chose the tone of this exchange.  As I said, I would be shocked if anyone at RSA or EMC even knows about this discussion.
No one tells me what to post, or when to post. I've been doing this for a long time, and while I have to honor common-sense guidelines about secrets and upcoming products, I operate pretty independently when it comes to what I publish on the Net.
My words are my own -- but when it is on-topic, I try to offer RSA's perspective, if I know it, along with the facts, as I know them. Personally, I think discussions here, and elsewhere online, would be a lot more constructive if vendors did not shun the Net's open forums. I'm grateful that RSA gives me leave to talk publicly about their products and technologies. If I sound prideful in discussing those products, as Mr. Simon says, in some cases I've been working on them for decades.
I rarely initiate a discussion about RSA's products or technology.  As in this case, I almost always respond to questions, claims, or comments from others --- and the tone of these discussions is almost always set by others. I generally just try to be helpful and informative; relatively low-key.
Given my history, of course, it is also true that the product managers and others at RSA now expect me to contribute to any major online discussion about the RSA products. (I sometimes I decide it is counterproductive to do so.)  No one at RSA told me to get into the SID800 debate, but they were certainly not surprised when I showed up to ask about it.  As an internal consultant to RSA, I had some say in defining the SID800's evolving product specs. Some of what I suggested was adopted, some not.  Online, I tried to talk about the goals of the SID800 product that was the result of the process, the balance it struck between security and accessibility, and offered my interpretation of how it fit within the market.
Generally speaking, I don't expect to convert someone like Ruptor or Thor  -- who start with a strong bias about a particular product -- so I try to address myself to the much larger community that just reads a forum like this. I don't think anyone gains points with objective observers by being nasty or arrogant; I think you gain credibility by being honestly informative and helpful. I try.
            _Vin
   ---------------------- in  response to ----------------
