
@_date: 2014-02-15 19:03:48
@_author: Philip Shaw 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Another Bitcoin issue (maybe) (was: BitCoin bug 
A practical protection for the BTC community is that BTC would become worthless as soon as it became known that a 51% attack was underway, or even that someone could do it, because everyone else would know that their bit coins could vanish at the drop of a hat. This means that using a 51% attack is only worthwhile if it is kept to a low enough level that it remains unnoticeable, and that in turn would reduce the motivation for performing such an attack. (ISTM that it might be more useful as a one-shot method of collapsing the market in some form of short-sellign scam, but even then it would be difficult to figure out a way of doing it and getting away with it.) Working out the economics of a 51% attack it would be an interesting problem, but since it depends on the price of electricity and mining hardware, the rewards for honest mining, the number of miners, and the BTC exchange rate, it is probably infeasible to work out.
In practice, it is the same trust model as most illegal business - users trust those sites for the same reason they trust illegal IRL casinos, or why they trust the drugs they?re buying: it can be worth ripping off customers and plenty of people do it, but plenty of people prefer a steady income from providing an honest (or at least consistently dishonest) service.
The geographic distribution of users helps somewhat here: a local gang boss can have you roughed up or killed easily enough, but the level of effort in tracking down and killing someone on the other side of the world raises the threshold of what?s worth dealing with. Also, they want ordinary users - if no-one but gangsters use bit coin, they become worth much less, and much more dangerous to hold.

@_date: 2014-01-21 13:12:29
@_author: Philip Shaw 
@_subject: [Cryptography] one-time pads 
ISTR reading something about using data tape with a modified reader, so that the tape is erased after it passes through the read head, then over-written multiple times (and then burnt - the overwriting is just to protect against the tapes being intercepted on their way to the incinerator).
Of course, that makes the reader totally obvious to anyone who looked, but IIRC the device was for use inside embassies or similar facilities, so the pads could be transported by diplomatic courier anyway.
I have had the idea of producing something compatible with an SD reader (at least the common open-ended type) but which stores the data embedded inside cardboard or similar material, which can be doped on the outer end with the phosphorous + shielding layer used on strike-anywhere matches, but I haven?t worked out any specifics, and it would probably only be practical to store a KB at most - so useful for a couple of private keys but not much else. It still wouldn?t be deniable, but it would be trivial to destroy in a hurry.

@_date: 2014-03-06 08:31:12
@_author: Philip Shaw 
@_subject: [Cryptography] GnuTLS -- time to look at the diff. 
I haven?t worked on a cypher suite before, but I have worked on voting software for a preferential system, and that was very goto heavy. This was because a goto-based flow was easier to match to the algorithm defined in legislation - each set of lines in the code were commented with the relevant clause in the legislation. Translating an algorithm into, say, a more functional style increases the risk of a small deviation from the algorithm in an edge case which would be very hard to find by testing because you don?t necessarily know the edge is there.
