
@_date: 2015-04-04 14:37:07
@_author: WebDawg 
@_subject: [Cryptography] how to put a password in an evidence bag? 
I would think they would be required, as any forensic evidence protection
would involve, to protect the integrity of the original system.
I would think its chain of possession too.
Not to say your are right.  But how is any evidence like this valid?
Network logs, etc.
I mean, if someones fingerprint is on a knife, how is anyone to prove the
circumstances.  How do we know video evidence is not faked?
I think protections could be put in place.  Like images of systems
uploaded/shared between the defense and prosecution to show non
I don't know.  Trials are a crap shoot.

@_date: 2015-08-23 14:07:07
@_author: WebDawg 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Augmented Reality Encrypted Displays 
It could be a way to display more then one encrypted thing at once though.
Encrypting sections of video stream so not completely useless.

@_date: 2015-03-23 11:11:10
@_author: WebDawg 
@_subject: [Cryptography] OPENSSL FREAK 
I had a question that may seem a bit late but:  why are/were the export
ciphers still put into a current SSL suite?

@_date: 2015-03-27 16:43:30
@_author: WebDawg 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd:  OPENSSL FREAK 
I guess the problem I see with it all is that the ineffective algorithms
are put into something that is depended on by a lot of people to secure a
lot of information in a modern/competitive world.  If someone needs to use
those ineffective algorithms in their lawful version of whatever world they
are in, it should be the work of that group to provide backwards capability
and provide patches/whatever to provide it.
It keeps getting mentioned that they are put in there so people can keep
interfacing to old outdated servers and services also, but what the heck?
When has it ever been common place to keep something similar like a
vulnerable script/code interpreter around so things just "work"?
Why is upgrading a protocol of a network infrastructure any different then
the necessity of patching vulnerabilities in software code?  Who cares if
it breaks compatibility, it needs fixed.
I think it is even worse to do something like this, with a piece of
software like this, because its primary function IS security/encryption.
It is still a piece of code that is broke, it is just broke in a different
way that does not need to be fixed, but pruned.
Even if a SWITCH or TAKE OUT was put into the code it is just another place
to potentially exploit.  The TAKE OUT sounds nice, but I would think in a
CHOOSE, it would just remove the rest anyways.

@_date: 2015-09-21 08:47:56
@_author: WebDawg 
@_subject: [Cryptography] millions of Ashley Madison bcrypt hashes cracked 
It is insanity that things have not changed.  Even the simplest
authentication for a social security number would be nice (a pin).  The
fact that the only thing that protects this number is that it is not known,
is horrid.  It is an archaic system.  Even locking your credit can only
take you so far.  Have you ever had your credit locked, or a phone number
(fraud alert) put on file for someone to call if something needs to be done
with your credit?  I once, somehow, had some type of fraud alert put on my
credit with a phone number to who knows where.  I did not do it, I do not
know who did.  They kept calling this random number to ask if I could
access/change my credit history.  It took a decent amount of effort to get
that number changed so they would call me.  I had to mail documents.  Only
then could I tell them to tell me who the heck put it on their in the first
I only mention this because you mention "how things are now".  If they have
increased restrictions on getting a new number they have only increased the
profit in acquiring this number to a thief while also making the entire
system more insecure.  It is a joke to me that I have to connect via https,
answer security questions, receive a one time password, and then enter my
password to log into my bank account, but I just have to state my social
security number in so many cases to access so many other things.  It is the
default over the phone password for so many things.
Here is a quote from Equifax about credit freezing:  "If you choose to
place a security freeze on your credit file, be sure to plan ahead for all
of your credit applications. Under the laws of some states, it may take up
to three business days to process a request to temporarily lift a security
freeze. Additionally, you may not be able to request a temporary lift of a
security freeze during non-business hours or on weekends."
Holy hell?  We are stuck in the 50's here, plus we have to pay for it in
TIME and MONEY.
To be honest with you I always figured that most credit companies must make
money off identity theft by leaving a reason for higher interest rates.  I
also figure that companies like Equifax must love the attention that they
get and the feeling of being needed (and given money) when a SS number is
used for malicious purposes.
I figure the government just does not want to change.
