
@_date: 2001-04-09 17:47:28
@_author: Will Price 
@_subject: FC: PGP and NSA link arms to create secure Linux version 
NAI Labs has been announcing these kinds of deals for years (long before
Phil Z left). They used to be called TIS Labs. They are a security
research arm of NAI unaffiliated with the development group. Their
business is mostly government computer security research. This is nothing
new, and yes they were making very similar contracts 5 years ago.
The likely result of this is an open source high security version of
Linux. I don't know what planet you're from if you have a problem with that.

@_date: 2002-01-15 17:25:15
@_author: Will Price 
@_subject: PGP & GPG compatibility 
No, the latest version for Win32 is 7.1.1, and for MacOS 9 it is
7.1.0. I think it should be pointed out what a loaded statement the
above is as well. That's like saying, "have you stopped beating your
wife?" I would encourage some objectivity on that.
I'm fairly sure we support that in 7.1.0 and up.
That's not the only problem with text mode signatures. International
characters present an even larger challenge. Most of this is not
PGP/GPG's problem technically. The plethora of mail clients out there
don't handle it well either. Going forward, UTF8 migration is likely
to cause some growing pains for everybody.
It is a mystery to us as well what happened with that... We were
ready to proceed, but we were not the organizer so it was out of our
Well, yes, but see:
The products you know as "PGP" are in a "maintenance mode" "until a
transition agreement is developed with a purchasing vendor". So, we
currently are in the process of working through that. We just
released PGP 7.1.1 last week, so development does continue in the
Not true. See:
The SDK (which still includes little bits of your code Derek, and all
other crypto/network/passphrase and even all the UI code which
interacts with the crypto related code) has been published up through
7.1.1. The Windows GUI was last published at 6.5.8.
I don't know who you sent these to. You could always have sent diffs
directly to me to make sure they get handled. The official address
for these things remains peerreview at pgp.com. I am on that list so you
couldn't have sent it to that one either since I haven't seen any
diffs from you ever as far as I can recall.
It's always nice to find people willing and able to provide support
for free. In the real world, that rarely happens even for free
products (Cygnus, etc.). Outside firms have rated our PGP support 6.3
out of 7 based on customer surveys. Mind you, the people surveyed are
the people who pay for the software. Our support really is quite good
for enterprise customers, but admittedly can be considered weak or
non-existent for freeware users. Without a support contract, I can
see how some people could find PGP support frustrating. Many of our
developers lurk in PGP newsgroups/mailing lists though and regularly
help users out there on an informal basis.
A few weeks ago, I spent over $30 on a support call to Intuit. I was
incensed! I almost paid more to ask them why it doesn't work than I
did to buy their product. On the other hand, I don't see how else
they could do it and still make money. I don't really see any great
solutions to mass consumer tech support, and frankly there isn't much
of a paying market among consumers anyway. So, I applaud all those
who offer free support, I do it myself quite often, but there's only
so much time in a day.
Side note, this may all be a moot point if a "transition agreement
with a purchasing vendor" is not worked out RSN.

@_date: 2003-04-08 15:23:13
@_author: Will Price 
@_subject: Intel RNG still available? 
Is it still possible to buy new the Intel RNG that was part of the 810 chipset? I mean, if I go buy a current Pentium IV or Xeon system, it is going to have the security chip associated with the 810 chipset or was that specific to that chipset only?
I can't seem to find any remotely recent information on Intel's RNG that wasn't last updated in 1999. I thought it was a great idea at the time and I'm somewhat dismayed that it seems to have been quite a temporary thing.
