
@_date: 2001-12-17 16:17:39
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: [DailyRotten] FBI requests worm-built password log 
Why is anyone surprised law enforcement would want this data? In order to investigate the crime in the first place, law enforcement needs to know what the crackers stole.
One may not like the standards for access (warrant, certification, administrative subpoena, etc.) but it's difficult to argue the FBI lacks a legitimate purpose for this data. I also see no evidence that any laws are being broken here. So what's the gripe? The Patriot Act went too far? That's old news at this point.
Given the detail (and named sources) missing from the story, it looks like nothing so much an account of a standard, legitimate inquiry from law Will Rodger

@_date: 2002-01-18 09:41:53
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: password-cracking by journalists... 
That, I think, is an unintended consequence of the law, but I bet there's a lawyer somewhere who'd take a crack at it. More important is the origin of the info. itself: were it peacetime you'd have a pretty clear case of receiving stolen property. Add to that certain trade-secret laws in various of the 50 United States, and you could do a long time in the slammer over Will Rodger

@_date: 2002-01-18 16:12:30
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: password-cracking by journalists... 
If it's your copyright, it's still yours. The law recognizes that.
The journalist received the information from a source gratis. That's different from paying for stolen goods, hiring someone to eavesdrop, or breaking the law yourself. The First Amendment covers a lot, in this case.
There's language governing that in the statute. Trafficking in tools specifically designed to break a given form of copy protection is one thing. The continued availability of legal tools for cryptanalysis and legitimate password cracking is another. As bad as the DMCA is, it's not _that_ bad.

@_date: 2002-01-21 17:16:08
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: password-cracking by journalists... (long, sorry) 
Arnold says:
I think there's a good argument to the contrary.
The DMCA only bans trafficking in devices whose _primary_ purpose is infringement. And it only applies to works "protected by this Title," that is, Title 17, which is the collection of laws pertaining to copyright.
There was a very long, drawn out discussion of what would be banned and what not before passage. It included all sorts of people traipsing up to Capitol Hill to make sure that ordinary research and system maintenance, among other things, would not be prosecuted. Bruce Schneier was among those who talked to the committees and was satisfied, as I recall, that crypto had dodged a bullet. I'm not saying that Bruce liked the bill, just that this particular fear was lessened greatly, if not eliminated, by the language that finally emerged.
It all gets down to knowingly doing something, right? If our cryptographer acted in good faith, he wouldn't be prosecuted -- the person who set him up would be.
No argument there!
Fair enough. But what would the damages under copyright law be? They generally correspond to a harm in the market for a certain kind of information. I don't see a value for a single email on the open market except as a trade secret, say. But then you're back into First Amendment territory, as well as the vagaries of state trade-secret laws (There's no such thing in federal law). One of the failings of the federal law is that it does give unethical people room to tie up the courts. Nothing new there...
Arnold replied:
In Section 1204, we see reference to "works protected by this title." The DMCA as enacted is part of Title 17, which is specifically copyright laws. Copyright law in the US gives a person access to his own work and also allows for fair use _as defined by the courts_. Pro-consumer types failed to get language reminding the reader that fair use still applied. Drafters argued that would have been redundant. See ulterior motives here, if you want.
Anyway, the DMCA as enacted (with my emphasis in caps) says in Chapter 12, Sec. 1204:
??(2) No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof, that?
??(A) is PRIMARILY designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work PROTECTED UNDER THIS TITLE;
??(B) has only limited commercially significant purpose or use other than to circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title; or
??(C) is marketed by that person or another acting in concert with that person with that person?s knowledge for use in circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title."
All those references to works protected under this title do nothing to keep you from getting at your own stuff. The rest of the language also tells you if you want to use a copy of Crack to get to some of your own system files, well, go ahead.
Now, you're probably thinking "ah hah! He didn't clear up the problems with the 'primary purpose' stuff." But not quite. We have a right to use our VCRs today because a court has already ruled that a VCR's primary purpose is not piracy. So far, the courts have understood "primary purpose" to mean "This purpose and pretty much no other."  Can we quibble about this? Absolutely. But I haven't heard anyone come up with a good way of saying that your system maintenance tools are legitimate, except to say that they are primarily _not_ for breaking in to others' machines. Still, who uses sniffers more, sys admins or the bad guys? I bet the latter, on any given day.
All that said, one would still want some language making clear that what researchers do is OK. The statute does it, more or less, through provisions for research in Chapter 12, Sec. 1201:
??(g) ENCRYPTION RESEARCH.?
??(1) DEFINITIONS.?For purposes of this subsection?
??(A) the term ?encryption research? means activities necessary to identify and analyze flaws and vulnerabilities of encryption technologies applied to copyrighted works, if these activities are conducted to advance the state of knowledge in the field of encryption technology or to assist in the development of encryption products; and
??(B) the term ?encryption technology? means the scrambling and descrambling of information using mathematical formulas or algorithms.
??(2) PERMISSIBLE ACTS OF ENCRYPTION RESEARCH.?Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a)(1)(A), it is not a violation of that subsection for a person to circumvent a technological measure as applied to a copy, phonorecord, performance, or display of a published work in the course of an act of good faith encryption research if?
??(A) the person lawfully obtained the encrypted copy, phonorecord, performance, or display of the published work;
??(B) such act is necessary to conduct such encryption research;
??(C) the person made a good faith effort to obtain authorization before the circumvention; and
??(D) such act does not constitute infringement under this title or a violation of applicable law other than this section, including section 1030 of title 18 and those provisions of title 18 amended by the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986.
??(3) FACTORS IN DETERMINING EXEMPTION.?In determining whether a person qualifies for the exemption under paragraph (2), the factors to be considered shall include?
??(A) whether the information derived from the encryption research was disseminated, and if so, whether it was disseminated in a manner reasonably calculated to advance the state of knowledge or development of encryption technology, versus whether it was disseminated in a manner that facilitates infringement under this title or a violation of applicable law other than this section, including a violation of privacy or breach of security;
??(B) whether the person is engaged in a legitimate course of study, is employed, or is appropriately trained or experienced, in the field of encryption technology; and
??(C) whether the person provides the copyright owner of the work to which the technological measure is applied with notice of the findings and documentation of the research, and the time when such notice is provided.
??(4) USE OF TECHNOLOGICAL MEANS FOR RESEARCH ACTIVITIES. ?Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a)(2), it is not a violation of that subsection for a person to?
??(A) develop and employ technological means to circumvent a technological measure for the sole purpose of that person performing the acts of good faith encryption research described in paragraph (2); and
??(B) provide the technological means to another person with whom he or she is working collaboratively for the purpose of conducting the acts of good faith encryption research described in paragraph (2) or for the purpose of having that other person verify his or her acts of good faith encryption research described in paragraph (2)."
Note that all this leaves Ed Felten's recent work in the clear. It also explains why the RIAA soiled its legal briefs when faced with _his_ lawyers in court.
OK. so that's my rap on why this law is bad but won't likely put anyone on this list in jail. The biggest problem, I think, is not its prohibitions but the legal cudgel it gives to certain people who would like to silence If this is the looming disaster many of us feared (I'm talking about stuff much worse than the DeCSS cases here) it should have fallen on us by now. The fact that it hasn't gives me hope. Maybe I'm just too naive!

@_date: 2002-01-22 10:13:03
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: password-cracking by journalists... (long, sorry) 
David says:
I'd say only the law isn't a bright line against research. Are there ambiguities that make it a hazard? No doubt. No arguments here, David.

@_date: 2002-06-02 14:18:13
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: CCIA statement on BPDG final report. 
All --
We sent this to the Broadcast Protection Discussion Group Friday. The BPDG, of course, is the Hollywood-backed process to, somehow, keep the studios' movies from being pirated over the Internet. Some say it's just the ticket to avoid things the recently-introduced CBDTPA. A report from the discussion group is expected Monday.
Some participants have told members of Rep. Upton's subcommittee that we will see a private-sector agreement to protect such content in the immediate future.
We doubt the future is so near.
CCIA Statement on the BPDG co-chairs final report
The Computer & Communications Industry Association has been monitoring the BPDG process for several months. During that time we have been keenly aware of the difficulties of creating a digital rights management system that could protect high-definition content while at the same time protecting fair use for consumers and future innovators alike.
The co-chairs report purports to do so, but falls far short, in part because of the open-ended veto power it has given content owners over technologies that could be used to infringe their copyrights. Philips Electronics, among others, has already outlined the conflict that has resulted from this arrangement.
Such difficulties are a real concern: Intellectual property, after all, is a cornerstone of our industry and something without which we and our members would have no business at all.
But intellectual property in the United States is and always has been a balance between owner and consumer of that property. Part of that balance includes building technology and business models that account for the interests of other industries and consumer themselves. History tells us that juke box owners, piano-roll makers, broadcast music and cable TV didn't just bring new media to consumers, but changed the way established media did business, often with the help of the legal system.
We see no such evolution in the BPDG. Instead of a process that embraces new technology, we see one that attempts to keep it at bay.
Worse, we fear the BPDG approach to intellectual property will ultimately bring all of IP into ill repute. Maximalist approaches that treat consumers not as partners but as parties from which to extract only profits will breed contempt for law as surely as Prohibition ever did, and thereby encourage the piracy this effort is supposed to prevent.
The BPDG approach has been marred by repeated and credible claims of back-room dealing by a small number of parties who have excluded most participants from real decision making. Such closed-door talks raise not only issues of fairness and copyright, but competition law as well.
Over the years, CCIA has participated in numerous standards-setting bodies. Each has included numerous affected participants, all of whom worked towards making systems more interoperable, not less. We call on all BPDG participants to include more companies, more consumer advocates, and to write strict sunshine rules so that all parties are included all negotiations.
We also call on participants to look to the market first -- and the government last ? to protect the legitimate interests of all stakeholders.
Will Rodger
Director Public Policy
CCIA

@_date: 2003-04-22 09:16:57
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: DRM technology and policy 
Indeed. But there is a middle ground. CCIA is urging Congress to reject DRM mandates not just because they will or will not work now, but because such mandates inevitably freeze the market. Worse still, when Hollywood demands a technology "refresh" clause that says techies have to re-engineer whenever DRM is broken -- well, you can see where that path is leading. Add to this mess anti-consumer and anti-innovation technology licensing agreements, and soon it does look as though some content folk are far off the tracks.
Software developers have played cat and mouse with infringers for decades, now. Content companies need to understand there's only so much a company can do to stop infringement before it starts alienating its own customers. Here's hoping the lesson can sill be learned.
Will Rodger

@_date: 2003-12-06 22:01:10
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: yahoo to use public key technology for anti-spam 
Does anyone have details? How much overhead would this entail?
And how, btw, should we feel about having to sign every message from our very own vanity domains?
Will Rodger

@_date: 2003-12-31 12:15:38
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: [ISN] Oh Dan Geer, where art thou? 
Ellen Messmer, in Network World, writes of Dan Geer:
So -- If those who raise obvious questions are "loose cannon," what then are the technologists who agreed with the report but chose not to sign? Victims? Pragmatists? Mercenaries?
One hopes Ms. Messmer didn't really mean what she wrote...

@_date: 2003-03-05 22:16:51
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: Wiretap Act Does Not Cover Message 'in Storage' For Short  Period 
John says:
No longer, if it ever was. It's a crime, as evidenced by the wireless scandal a few years back when some Democrat partisan intercepted communications of Republican leadership in Florida, then talked. The simple act of interception was illegal.
Will Rodger

@_date: 2003-03-06 13:49:18
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: Wiretap Act Does Not Cover Message 'in Storage' For Short  
John says:
Well, I did the first and, I thought, avoided the second. I misunderstood what you meant. Sorry.

@_date: 2003-09-27 16:36:17
@_author: Will Rodger 
@_subject: Reliance on Microsoft called risk to U.S. security 
The report, written by many a crypto list member, is at:
Will Rodger
