
@_date: 2017-06-09 11:12:29
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: stego mechanism used in real life 
And for a very long time it was not "most of society" that enforced
the "laws" with public floggings, incarceration and the like.
iang's point is nothing but a massive splitting of the tiniest hair:
 - the small subset is paid by money stolen by tacit consent
 - the majority tacitly consent by their non-action, over and over
 - this minority exist in a pyramid where the smallest handful
   actually make the decisions and presumably take the
   "responsibility for any guilt" away from the minority but numerous
   employees doing the dirty roll-outs
 - the enforcement/ spying/ etc mechanisms being rolled out/ created
   are absolutely working "within the mechanisms that society has
   consented to" (i.e. Government)
What "iang" is perhaps trying to come to grips with here is the
concept of tacit consent.
YES, "the minority of society" working at and controlling the various
TLAs implementing this despotism, is working within the bounds of the
tacit consent of the majority.
And now that "some of the entitled class" are beginning to actively,
publicly, work against these mechanisms, the tacitness of "the
collective tacit consent" is becoming a little less tacit, and a
little more "actively opposed".
This is of course a very good thing, let's hope this wave has some
real legs.
*was* high
And tacitly consented to by the majority, for decades.
In long-standing principle, societies have more or less tacitly
accepted the dictates of "rulers" in any form - government, dictators
And mostly, the majority nearly always go along with this.
As in "only just now it begins to be out of control, and hey wow,
just now also the university breeds are taking a righteous stand as
they should, and so society is working fabulously, darling, just
fabulously, since humans are just so swell, ain't we having a fine
and dandy existence y'all!"
Oh yeah. Exactly. Society working exactly as it should, nothing to do
here folks, move along.
Jolly well said ole chap! By the blazers, them agencies as dog gone
gone and stepped just a little over that line of decency and rspect
now. They need a whuppin I tell ya, a royal whuppin.
Indeed, all those dirty plebes and prolls that make up "general
society" are well and truly shafted by the "normal" agencies and
organs of the erect government like the police "just following
orders, sir!" for 1000 years, the courts "the statute law is almighty
and the states may legislate on any and all matters since they're
sovereign so OFF TO JAIL FOR YOU!"
We can only agree - this is the only truly bad decent we've seen in
society in, I dunno, 700 years since Magna Carta?
Of course, of course, how silly of me. The neighbour selling a bit of
weed, the dissident opposing his local police corruption, those
dirty, dirty citizens wanting their rights?
My god, just as well weve got a government I tell you, JUST  AS WELL!
You're right, we don't need that end to end encryption yet - not at
all. The panopticon is not complete yet, so we're deluding ourselves
- perhaps when per-human mandatory microchipping comes in?
Perhaps not then (quite yet) since that's also allowed per Revelation
"the mark of the best on the forehead or the back of the hand" rfid
microchipping decree.
Behave, plebes!

@_date: 2017-06-10 11:36:37
@_author: Zenaan Harkness 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Fwd: stego mechanism used in real life 
And the spies change the rules to suit them, and yes, even break
their own changed rules.
Actions like these university counter-spy studies/ analysis etc, is
active opposition, and breaks the cycle that has been named as tacit
Although technically correct when you say "people expect their spies
to follow the rules, this is not tacit consent", you might find it
hard to deny that most humans are entirely blasé about their security
and privacy in communications (to pick a random example) - click
every doc file, open every zip attachment, go to every website with
full scripting and the rest to enjoy a bouncing unicorn.
Here's the summary:
This affirmative non-action is witnessed in voting, lack of self
discovery of salient current problems, and lack of support for the
few who make a stand.
But, thankfully, this is now changing, as you highlight in a way
which is quite refreshing. "The entitled (university) class has
become active in their research of pathways to opposition of the
spying against society as a whole. And this is being done
This is succinctly put, and a breath of fresh air. I hope it
continues and builds momentum. Technical/ procedural analysis and
technical tools for opposition, is a great start. "Political"
activity requires, in our current "democratic" states, vast numbers
and so is hard to achieve it seems. Legal actions in this direction
may also bear fruit, though not when there are blatant conflicts of
interest of course, such as the hopelessly and cynically agenda
driven (((SPLC))).
Yes, compartmentalisation is used very effectively to "absolve" the
majority (those with weak personal ethics foundation) from personal
It is a good thing we have seen a bit of this in the last few years.
"Even Comey leaked." :D
There are two main views of this:
1) Decades of violation is really bad (violation of rights).
2) The depth of the wrong/evil is is the only thing with a chance
   to jolt some of 'the majority' into awareness, and therefore is
   a really good thing.
Those who are active in their opposition to wrongs, are evidently
not consenting. I agree with that. And that's good to see.
But look at things this way: 9/11 "anti-terror" legislation (in
reality, anti-rights), has been 'on the books' now for 15 years.
CIA has been violating fundamental laws now for how many decades?
What about the NSA?
Is the FISA court even lawful in the "righteous" sense of lawful,
or is it a modern day star chamber?
The fact of the time frames involved for even the beginnings of a
correction, means that the majority in society are indeed tacitly
consenting to bad laws, illegal laws, illegal actions.
When one individual "leaves it up to others", that individual is
tacitly consenting, since they are failing to actively oppose.
OK, if they actually have no knowledge whatsoever, they can be argued
to be ignorant. But as soon as someone becomes aware of a wrong, they
are tacitly consenting for as long as they fail to act in opposition.
The wrong-doers in power, get away with their wrongs for really long
periods of time, due primarily to the failure of the majority to
actively oppose said wrongs in a way which is effective (e.g.
"leaving it up to others - someone will fix it" is not active
opposition), and is almost the definition of tacit consent.
I agree with the principle you are expressing here. Tacit consent, if
it be tacit consent, is still tacit consent, regardless of who calls
Perhaps a better way to express this particular "don't blame the
victim" sentiment is that tacit consent does not make an illegal or
wrong act either legal nor righteous, and does not make the victim of
spying directly responsible for the spying done against him.
Of course I completely agree - any decent human who is both aware of
and in alignment with right and opposed to wrong, would of course
And to the extent we can provide support, and awareness, and
facilities to those who live in an abusive relationship, to act to
get out of that abusive relationship, we should do so.
But at some point in time, the victim of a crime has a duty to act in
respect of the crime done to him - when he becomes aware, and knows
that he ought do something about the crime, then at that point, if he
does nothing, he is thereafter tacitly consenting to the continuation
of the crime.
Prior to this point in time, the victim is not responsible in any
After this point in time, the victim is not directly responsible,
yet is to some degree, tacitly consenting. Again, this is the
definition of tacit consent - we must not take objectivity the wrong
way (as a blame upon the victim) but merely as an analysis of that
which is actually occurring, and consequently as guidance for further
positive actions; this should go without saying.
I agree, do not tacitly consent. Once you become aware, act in
opposition to the wrongs, the crimes, the evils perpetrated upon
you and others you hopefully care about in this world.
Absolutely yes, fix the problem. Totally agree (of course).
And different folk have different skillsets they can bring to bear to
help fix the problem. Great to see "the entitled class" stepping in
to help :)
The government winning one battle, is not the failure of the way,
just a temporary setback.
The war only ends when the participants stop fighting.
And whilst the aggressors and perpetrators of evils continue to
oppress, spy, suppress, and predate upon the rest of us, it is in our
interests to work for something better.
Let's not conflate concepts. Authority of legal ruling, is quite
different to implied authority assumed as and consequent to, tacit
Great to hear a certain passion for rights, freedom and individual
sovereignty, which must be the foundation for any collective sanity.
