
@_date: 2002-12-16 17:29:31
@_author: Zully Ramzan 
@_subject: Micropayments, redux 
There are a number of ways to deal with some of the objections that have
come up in this thread; e.g. the unlucky user scenario. Refer to the paper "Micropayments Revisited" written by Silvio Micali
and Ron Rivest:      [The powerpoint slides are also quite useful.]
The schemes in this paper combine Payword (Rivest and Shamir) with the
Lottery Ticket proposal (Rivest).  They also introduce a number of other
neat ideas.  As of the last time I talked to Ron and Silvio about it,
the Peppercoin scheme is based on these techniques.   Zully   Zulfikar Ramzan
IP Dynamics, Inc.   Secure, Scalable Virtual Community Networks
majordomo at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2002-12-17 12:08:22
@_author: Zully Ramzan 
@_subject: Micropayments, redux 
It appears that while probabilistic polling (combined with Payword) and the Peppercoin schema have some structural similarities, the underlying purpose of using probabilities is different.  In particular, Peppercoin/Lottery utilizes probabilities to determine whether or not a user will be charged (which indirectly sets the value of a given coin).  In the probabilistic polling schemes, on the other hand, it seems that the vendor always "charges" the user (but often without knowing whether or not the user has exceeded his or her spending limit); that is, the goal, in this case, appears to be to thwart overspending of a given digital coin.  One might try to argue that at a more fundamental level these two uses of probabilities are, in some sense, equivalent -- but even if that's the case, I still don't think that the connection here is obvious.  The lottery scheme is a paradigm shift in electronic payments since the end user doesn't always get charged, which is initially somewhat counterintuitive.   I believe that the lottery ticket scheme was originally presented in the rump session of the same conference (Financial Cryptography '97) as the probabilistic polling scheme (and both are published in the same conference proceedings).  Zulfikar Ramzan
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, December 16, 2002 8:13 PM
The Micali-Rivest Peppercoin scheme seems awfully hard to distinguish from an instance of the
probabilistic polling scheme invented by S. Jarecki and myself,
which was presented at the first Financial Cryptography conference
in 1997, published in "Financial Cryptography," R. Hirschfeld, ed., Lecture Notes in Computer Science  Springer, 1997, pp. 173-191, and is available online at
   .
(This scheme is also covered by US patent

@_date: 2003-02-21 09:23:12
@_author: Zully Ramzan 
@_subject: [Bodo Moeller <bodo@openssl.org>] OpenSSL Security Advisory: Timing-based attacks on SSL/TLS with CBC encryption 
Eric, thanks for putting together such a great description -- it was
helpful to see the novel observations of this attack compared to
Vaudenay's original paper from Eurocrypt '02.  For those who may not be aware, I wanted to point out that there is also
a very nice paper by John Black and Hector Urtubia that extends
Vaudenay's attack to other natural padding schemes and encryption modes.
The result appeared at USENIX Security '02.  Careful error handling and timing for replies should mitigate the risk
of these attacks as well.    Nonetheless, it would certainly make sense
that attempts to repair existing implementations might want to take the
attacks in this paper into account as well.  The paper can be found at:
 "Side-Channel Attacks on Symmetric Encryption Schemes: The Case for
Authenticated Encryption [pdf] [ps.gz] [ps] [html] John Black and Hector Urtubia Following an idea of Vaudenay, we consider side-channel attacks based on
having an oracle which indicates whether the underlying padding is done
correctly or not. We examine several popular and natural padding schemes
and show that, under CBC mode encryption, they all succumb to an attack
which efficiently recovers the plaintext. We then extend our results to
other encryption modes and other side-channels culminating in a
recommendation for authenticated encryption as the "proper" notion for
symmetric encryption. Appeared at 11th USENIX Security Symposium -- USENIX Security '02, San
Francisco, USA, 2002"
Zully Zulfikar Ramzan
IP Dynamics, Inc.   Unfettered, Simple VPNs
Advisory: Timing-
majordomo at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2003-02-21 12:02:57
@_author: Zully Ramzan 
@_subject: [Bodo Moeller <bodo@openssl.org>] OpenSSL Security Advisory: Timing-based attacks on SSL/TLS with CBC encryption  
The idea is also similar to timing attacks against very, very
badly-implemented password checking schemes; e.g. where a reply by some
verifying server to a correct guess on the first n characters of a
password takes slightly longer than a reply to a correct guess on only
the initial n-1 characters (because an error is returned as soon as the
first character is encountered).   In these cases, the attack is also linear since one character at a time
can be guessed, and the timing of the response provides an indication of
whether or not the guess is correct.  I believe we've also seen this type of paradigm in many cryptanalytic
instances wherein a guess for just a portion of a secret key can be
verified, thereby reducing the time for a brute-force search since one
first guesses this portion, and gets it right, before trying to guess
the remainder of the key material.  Zulfikar Ramzan
IP Dynamics, Inc.   Unfettered, Simple VPNs
Advisory: Timing-
majordomo at wasabisystems.com

@_date: 2003-01-01 15:07:50
@_author: Zulfikar Ramzan 
@_subject: Implementation guides for DH? 
Hi Adam --
Anton Stiglic has a paper on various security issues that arise in DH
The paper not only considers number-theoretic attacks, but also looks at
other vulnerabilities (side-channel attacks, timing attacks, DoS, etc).
Section seven has a nice summary of various secure DH implementation
Hope this helps!
P.S.  If you come across any other pointers, please let me know.
Zulfikar Ramzan
IP Dynamics, Inc. Secure, Scalable Virtual Community Networks
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at wasabisystems.com]On Behalf Of Adam Shostack
Sent: Wednesday, January 01, 2003 10:54 AM
I'm looking for a list of common implementation flaws in DH.  Things
like: How to check the key the other side sends, what are acceptable
values for p, etc?
Any pointers?
"It is seldom that liberty of any kind is lost all at once."

@_date: 2003-01-02 11:23:21
@_author: Zully Ramzan 
@_subject: Implementation guides for DH? 
Hi Bill --
I know there has been some discussion on whether _strong_ primes are
needed for _RSA_.  The definition of a strong prime is a little more
involved; c.f. the paper by Rivest and Silverman
[  and also available on Ron Rivest's
web page].  I was unaware, though, that there is a debate regarding the
use of safe primes for Diffie-Hellman.  My impression is that the use of
safe primes is generally accepted to be an important practice that
thwarts various attempts to compute a discrete log (e.g.
Pohlig-Hellman); also enough safe primes and generators are published --
one may utilize them in a protocol (assuming the people who published
the list are trusted not to have deliberately chosen prime groups for
which computing a discrete log is easier :)). I'm also not sure how the choice of primes for Diffie-Hellman relates to
the complexity of factoring as you mentioned in your post.  As far as I
know, no one (in the open community at least) has discovered a
meaningful reduction in a standard model between the Diffie-Hellman
problem over a prime group and Factoring (nor has anyone proven that
such reductions cannot exist).  The closest thing I can think of is
trying to come up with the factorization of p-1 as you might want to do
in the Pohlig-Hellman algorithm -- but in that case, the complexity
would be prohibitive if p-1 had any large prime factors... Are you referring to performing Diffie-Hellman over some other group?
Or is there a connection that you know of and can elaborate on? Best Regards,
Zulfikar Ramzan
IP Dynamics, Inc.   Secure, Scalable Virtual Community Networks
