
@_date: 2001-09-17 10:04:03
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Update Your Profile And Be One of TEN Daily Winners! 
Dear Alice Cypherpunk:
ChipCenter & Questlink have joined forces to offer you industry
leading original editorial and reference content you simply can't
find elsewhere. We have revamped both ChipCenter and Questlink to
provide you with a seamless experience including universal
registration as you journey through both sites.
We are proud to have the largest registered user base in the
industry, and as a part of our community, we are asking that you
take a minute to update your profile with us so we can deliver the
right kind of information to help you get your job done. As an
incentive to update your profile we are giving away two exciting
For our Grand Prize, we are giving away a 17 inch LCD Flat Panel
In addition, every weekday for six weeks we will be giving away TEN
digital multimeters. These are quality DMM's from B&K Precision
Model # 2703B. Please check the following link for more information
on the DMM's:
We think these are unique prizes that are also useful to the
engineering community. All you need to do to qualify is spend a
moment updating your profile. Click here  to
go to the registration form.
At ChipCenter and Questlink, we have always worked hard to provide
you with editorial coverage and product reviews that go far beyond
the marketing hype. At our upgraded sites, you will find an array
of deep technical content including over 300,000 Data Sheets and
40,000 Application Notes. In addition, you can view our free
world-class Webcast series, which features an upcoming broadcast on
September 19 hosted by STMicroelectronics. Thank you for your time, if you have any questions or comments
about Chipcenter or Questlink please contact us at:
David Blaza
Publisher, ChipCenter & Questlink
Please click here for full sweepstakes rules:
If for any reason you'd prefer not to receive any future editions
of announcements from us, please reply to this e-mail and type
UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line of your reply. You are currently
subscribed under the e-mail address cypherpunks Please use
this address when trying to unsubscribe.
