
@_date: 2004-11-09 01:37:20
@_author: Elaine Woody 
@_subject: twain octahedral 
95% of home PC's are infected by apyware or adware. Receive a free scan.
LEARN MORE no more offers
Candidate dozed off during interview. Almost everyone is guilty of bad sexual conduct. I like tall women. Your nervous twitch registers on the Richter scale. You can take a picture of yourself from ten feet away without using the timer.
To help with planting, the farmer taught his sow to sow. You have a picture of your coffee mug on your coffee mug. But only to the waist of the man lying beside her. Since there is no time like the present, he thought it was time to present the present. The bandage was wound around the wound.
You forget to unwrap candy bars before eating them. When they are alone, all foreigners prefer to speak English to each other. Police departments give their officers personality tests to make sure each is assigned a partner. You ski uphill. "What are the zodiac signs of all the board members?"
You answer the door before people knock. You ski uphill. Candidate announced she hadn't had lunch and proceeded to eat a hamburger and french fries in the interviewers office. "Will the company pay to relocate my horse?" Applicant said if he was hired he would demonstrate his loyalty by having the corporate logo tattooed on his forearm.
You don't sweat, you percolate. "Will the company pay to relocate my horse?" It doesn't matter if you are greatly outnumbered in a fight involving martial arts.  I feel uneasy indoors. The buck does funny things when the does are present.
You chew on other people's fingernails. When they are alone, all foreigners prefer to speak English to each other. "What is it that you people do at this company?" I never get hungry. You channel surf faster without a remote.
This involving fuses, deadly gasses, lasers, buzz saws and hungry sharks. There was a row among the oarsmen about how to row. "Does your company have a policy regarding concealed weapons?" Your eyes stay open when you sneeze. He could lead if he would get the lead out.
