
@_date: 2012-06-20 22:05:17
@_author: "Aaron C. de Bruyn" 
@_subject: Re: LinkedIn password database compromised 
You're right.  Multiple accounts is unpossible in every way except
prompting for usernames and passwords in the way we do it now.
The whole ssh-having-multiple-identities thing is a concept that could
never be applied in the browser in any sort of user-friendly way.

@_date: 2012-06-08 15:16:10
@_author: "Aaron C. de Bruyn" 
@_subject: Re: LinkedIn password database compromised 
We don't need all the 'PKI' crap to do this.  We already have SSL/TLS
for this purpose.
Let's face it.  99% of the sites I use don't actually verify and/or
trust who I am.
But those sites DO trust that they have my e-mail address (click here
to activate) and that I'm using the password I had when I first signed
up.  So forget all PKI infrastructure.  Just establish that I'm the
person who originally signed up for the account.  Something as simple
as an ssh-style key exchange would be perfect.  No other information
needs to be exchanged.  Anonymous users could still be anonymous
(sites like slashdot allow 'anonymous' posting--or you could create an
account with a certain keypair and then throw that keypair away) and
non-anonymous users have a better method of signing in.
In the grand scheme of things, I don't think this is a huge hassle.
...and now you need checking to figure out which CAs are anonymous or
not, combined with the original problem--a single point of failure.
One (or a handful) of providers that control access to your identity.
Would you switch to a version of SSH that requires signed
certificates--even if those certificates were free through cacert.org?
That's what the existing PKI infrastructure is for--verifying the site
you are connecting to is 'legit'.  (The brokenness of that system is
an entirely different topic.)
Another thing to keep in mind is that SSH can verify key fingerprints
automatically too--you can publish them in DNS.  Not infallible, but
it should be very difficult once DNS is secured.  And for sites that
don't publish that info (like my podunk home machine) you can prompt
the first time to validate the fingerprint.  So what.  How many geeks
bypass the cert warnings in their browser almost out of habit?
(Obviously not when going to your bank--but for smaller sites.)
 for
That could be solved by updating the DNS records or prompting the user
to update the key.
But seriously--what's going to happen if someone does an MitM on me
connecting to my bank and doing SSH auth?
The bank connection uses TLS.  They'd have to forge that.  Then I get
the home page and I click the 'sshauth' icon in my browser....and it
submits what?  My username and does some key negotiation?  What's the
MitM guy going to do?  What's he going to steal?  He doesn't have my
private key--nor the server's.
So have the browser 'sshauth' plugin ask for a username and your 'ssh
passphrase' but call it a 'password'.  Most users wouldn't know or
care about the difference.
The whole point of my original rant was to remove the ability of
website operators to screw up and release your password which you may
have used in multiple places.  We have a simple system like that
called SSH (simple as opposed to SSL/TLS certs) that centralizes
everything on the user-side rather than the hundreds or thousands of
servers the user uses.

@_date: 2012-06-07 19:37:50
@_author: "Aaron C. de Bruyn" 
@_subject: Re: LinkedIn password database compromised 
Yet again, another org (free or not) that is holding my identity hostage.
Would you give cacert your SSH key and use them to log in to your
Linux servers?  I'd bet most *nix admins would shout "hell no!"
So why would you make them the gateway for your online identity?

@_date: 2012-06-07 16:09:44
@_author: "Aaron C. de Bruyn" 
@_subject: Re: LinkedIn password database compromised 
I would think it's fairly simple.
What if she forgot her existing password?  Most sites have a 'reset
password' link they e-mail you.
A browser extension 'helper' would simply generate a new key and let
you reset your password.  Maybe the helper could be dumbed down enough
to automatically handle the password reset screen and automatically
POST the new key to the reset page.
I'm sure it could be done transparently enough that our mothers
wouldn't need to think twice about it.
Heck--the 'helper' could probably even back up your SSH key off-site
sorta like LastPass does.  And if your private key is actually
password protected, it's slightly less useless if the off-site backup
company were compromised.
The only downfall is how do you get access to your e-mail account?
(Google already calls my cell and/or home phone if I request access
without using my password.)
I agree there are stumbling blocks, and it wouldn't be perfect--but it
seems like it would be much better than the alternative we have now.
People using the same password on multiple sites, passwords written
down, dumb website operators not salting their hashes, etc...
Also, thanks for the great secondary DNS service.  ;)

@_date: 2012-06-07 15:29:16
@_author: "Aaron C. de Bruyn" 
@_subject: Re: LinkedIn password database compromised 
You'd run into the same issue explaining how MD5, SHA1, salting,
etc... works to 'protect' their password.
Users don't care.
If putty were to pop up its password box when my mother signed in to
her computer and then I said something like "Don't worry, you won't
need to enter passwords while you surf the 'net now." and maybe showed
her the chrome extension icon thingy to click when she wants to paste
her 'password' (public key) into a new site, she'd be fine with it.
And how does our current system of usernames and passwords avoid
malware that logs keystrokes?
 their
Yep--that's the one big problem I can see with this 'solution' that I
don't have an answer for yet.
It would be difficult to get users to carry around a USB key or a
smartcard, or whatever to get them signed in while away from their
home computer.

@_date: 2012-06-07 06:14:58
@_author: "Aaron C. de Bruyn" 
@_subject: Re: LinkedIn password database compromised 
the
r every user.
Heck no to X.509.  We'd run into the same issue we have right now--a
select group of companies charging users to prove their identity.
SSH does a good job of avoiding the pitfalls that most of those other
products have.
Active Directory has costs associated with it.
OpenID requires setting up your own server or using a third party.
Facebook and Google have their own auth systems, but quite a few
people are worried about how much they track you.
And the only time I use a Windows Live account is when I set one up
for a client who needs access to their volume licensing site.
Imaging signing up for a site by putting in your email and pasting
your public key.
No third party verifying and certifying who you are like with SSL
certs and charging you for the privilege (plain 'ol username/password
logins don't give you any verification either--linkedin has no clue
who I really am) just a key exchange from the user and server proving
that you've both seen each other before.

@_date: 2012-06-07 02:43:42
@_author: "Aaron C. de Bruyn" 
@_subject: Re: LinkedIn password database compromised 
Why haven't we taken this out of the hands of website operators yet?
Why can't I use my ssh-agent to sign in to a website just like I do
for about hundred servers, workstations, and my PCs at home?
One local password used everywhere that can't be compromised through
website stupidity...
