
@_date: 2002-06-29 11:19:57
@_author: osteo, egenerative, rheumatoid 
@_subject: Kill the pain FAST.. Guaranteed! 
blue_relief ad
Kill the pain FAST! Guaranteed!
Blue Relief!
Aches and pains acting up again? Is nagging pain keeping                   you from the things you love? Reach for Blue Relief, the                   most effective all natural pain relief gel!       With Blue Relief you’ll feel the results in just minutes. Blue Relief relieves
arthritis pain, back pain, knee and hip pain. Fast acting Blue Relief
penetrates deeply to soothe muscle soreness and joint stiffness. The secret
is the highly effective formula blending emu oil and natural herbs to jumpstart
your body’s own natural repair mechanisms, so you can work all day or play
all day, pain free! Blue Relief is greaseless so you can use it anywhere, anytime-Guaranteed!
How Does It Work?  The pure
Emu oil is the key ingredient that unlocks the power of Blue Relief. Research
has confirmed that Emu oil works to ease joint pain and has a powerful anti-inflammatory
effect. It has the unique ability to penetrate the skin within 90 seconds
and transport other substances at the same time. The Emu oil acts as a transporting
agent to rapidly carry all active ingredients deep into the skin where they
immediately begin to work to reduce pain, swelling and inflammation.
MSM is a non-toxic, organic sulfur compound proven to be effective for certain
types of arthritis pain and stiffness. It promotes the rebuilding and strengthening
of connective tissues, reducing joint degeneration and inflammation.
Aloe Vera is widely recognized as one of nature's best healing agents. The
Aloe Vera used in Blue Relief is the highest quality available because
it is pasteurized and processed within 3 hours of harvest.
Great For Athletes and Weekend Warriors
Blue Relief is great for the athlete in all of us. It relieves the nagging
temporary pain, stiffness and soreness due to over-exertion. It relieves
strains and sprains and decreases recovery time. Apply Blue Relief just
before your athletic activity and its soothing warmth tingles and massages
your muscles and joints. It optimizes your warm-up and continues to work
during your physical activity.
Unsurpassed as a Pain Reliever
The unique combination of natural ingredients in Blue Relief makes it
unsurpassed as a pain reliever. Blue Relief dries smoothly on your skin
in minutes and is completely non-staining and non-greasy. You will feel the
soothing, tingling warmth of Blue Relief immediately as it goes to work.
Helps Heal Pain From the Following:
Lower Back Pain Sore Muscles
Auto accident injuries
Knee & hip pain Shoulder & hand pain Sports injuries
Strains & sprains Post surgery pain Shingles Menstrual cramps Sinus headaches Arthritis (osteo, egenerative, rheumatoid)
Now I know what your asking. "Isn't Blue Relief just a cheap imitation of
the Blue Stuff I saw on TV?" The answer is ABSOLUTELY NOT! Blue Relief contains
the same active ingredients as Blue Stuff and is much cheaper! Why pay for
a brand name when you can receive the same incredible results for less!
"My mom has suffered from arthritis for some years,
she is 87 years old.  We saw the advertisement in the paper.  She
was hurting so bad she decided to try it.  It worked!!  She is
pain free.  I gave a sample to an 83 year old friend.  This morning
he called me and said it's a miracle!! and here we are getting him a jar
of Blue Relief."
Betty Stephenson, Oklahoma City, OK
"Just tried your Blue Relief on my wretched back muscles - what a surprise! 
I was able to entertain my grandson at Sea World in San Antonio (a whole
day on my feet) with no pain at all. Thanks to my friend who gave me a sample
and thanks to you for this wonderful product. I would be interested in seeing
some information on a distributorship."
Julia Holdridge
"I want to thank you so much for getting this product on the market.
I tell everyone what it has done for me.  My brother-in-law told me
about it. He has arthritis and severe shingles. It has helped his shingles
so much and his life is so much better since he started using it, also his
arthritis. Thank you so much and may God Bless you."
"My Blue Relief Story: I injured my wrist about 3 years ago while boxing
on a heavy bag. I jammed the wrist pretty good and it was, swollen, weak
and painful with limited mobility for about 3 months. After 3 years it is
still stiff and not completely healed and I re-injure it easily. Doctors
cannot find anything wrong with it. I received my first jar of Blue Relief
last night and put it on the wrist immediately. Later that night I completed
a full work out at the gym with no pain. This is amazing. I am sending a
sample to my mother for her sciatic nerve problem. I'm keeping my fingers
crossed, we'll see how it works for her. Thanks,"
Brian Peters
I am 80 years old,  with Parkinson's, I have had several strokes
and arthritis, I was unable to sleep because of so much pain.  I used
Blue Stuff two times a day for four days - NO MORE PAIN!!  I continued
to use it two times a day for two  weeks.  Now I only use it once
a week.
Lilian Lackey,Checotah, OK
To whom it may concern: I just had to write you and tell you how wonderful
"Blue Relief" is. The day we received our supply I was having pain in a knuckle
on my left hand due to arthritis. I have tried all or almost all rubs on
the market. I opened up the jar rubbed it on the knuckle, I could hardly
believe in 2 minutes the pain was gone. My little frail Mother-in-law has
arthritis very bad and has had for years. Just recently found out she has
Graves Disease. Was blaming pain in legs and feet that kept her getting up
at night on the Graves Disease. Doctor recently told her this pain is arthritis.
We gave her a couple of the small samples- she called me the next day and
she was so happy. She said she only got up once during night and had the
first good night sleep she's had in months. Incidentally she is 89 years
old. She also is on all kinds of pain medicine for pain from her doctor.
I just can't thank you enough for the relief I've got. It's just a miracle.
Now can you find something for stomach problems. Thank You Thank You "Blue
Relief is Heaven sent"
Mary and R. Davis
Blue Stuff® vs. Blue                         Relief®Blue Stuff® Pain Relief                         FACTSActive Ingredients: Emu Oil                         Natural Herbs Retails for: $49.99+HELPSLower back pain                           Sore muscles                           Auto accident injuries                           Knee, hip, shoulder, hand pain                           Sports injuries, strains & sprains                           Post surgery pain                           Shingles                           Menstrual cramps                           Sinus headaches                           Arthritis (osteo, degenerative, rheumatoid) Blue Relief®FACTSActive Ingredients:                         Emu Oil Natural Herbs Only :                         $34.99!HELPSLower back pain                           Sore muscles                           Auto accident injuries                           Knee, hip, shoulder, hand pain                           Sports injuries, strains & sprains                           Post surgery pain                           Shingles                           Menstrual cramps                           Sinus headaches                           Arthritis (osteo, degenerative, rheumatoidAnd much more!
Order Now! At $34.99 you will not find a lower price anywhere .. so order today! Our
FIVE STAR customer service team will ship your Blue Relief right away! If you have difficulty accessing our website, please try using the link below instead: Alternative Order Page
