
@_date: 2004-07-03 01:14:38
@_author: "Dr. ABU JIMI CAIRO" 
@_subject: GOOD DAY 
NATIONAL PETROLEUM INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES :
The Petroleum Investment Management Services (NAPIMS) in the Exploration & Production (E&P) Directorate is the Upstream arm of NNPC
 that oversees the Federation investments in the Joint Venture Companies (JVCs), Production Sharing Companies (PSCs) and Services Contract Companies (SCC).
 NAPIMS is, therefore, set up to earn margin arising from investments in the JVCs, PSCs and SCs with the multinationals and also protect the nation's strategic interests in the JVCs.
 In addition, NAPIMS engages in frontier exploration services in basins where the multinationals hesitate to venture, like the Chad Basin. Vision: To be a world class oil investment management outfit.
Mission Statement: To optimize the benefits accruing to the Federation from its investments in the Upstream Sector of the Petroleum (Oil & Gas) Industry.
Major Strategic Roles of NAPIMS:
To maximize Petroleum Profit Tax (PPT) and guarantee a higher Margin (Rate of Return) on Investment, through efficient cost monitoring reduction mechanisms To ensure that a reserve base is maintained and reserve addition targets are attained. These are: 30 billion barrels by year 2002 and 40 billion barrels by year 2010 To ensure increased production capacity from the current 2.5 2n barrels of oil per day (bopd) to 3 million (bopd) by year 2003 and 4 million bopd by year 2010 To encourage gas utilization and commercialization To promote local content input in engineering and construction, supplies and materials utilization through in country technological capability To enhance Nigerianization in the industry and facilitate technology transfer To promote maximum co operation in communities of oil and gas producing areas as well as ensure that environmental protection do as are strictly maintained. As an executive director of the above named agency I am involved in the award of major contracts to foreign contractors.
One of the numerous contracts we awarded was to refurbish our moribund four national refineries. However, they are still not
working to 100% capacity utilization. This has resulted in serious crisis in the oil industry and necessitated in the price increases of peroleum products.
There has been mounting pressure on the Niagerian government to probe the NNPC and its subsidiaries. As a matter of fact the National assembly has already started this probe
exercise. To avoid been fingered I am looking for foreign investors I could front as partner. This investor will assist us invest the sum of US$59.5M (FIFTY NINE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS). Please if interested get back to me by email so that I could discuss further details and modality of the transaction to you.
I thank you.
Dr. ABU JIMI CAIRO
