
@_date: 2004-12-08 19:39:15
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Dubai,Sudan, London Business Opportunities 
ACCORD MANAGEMENT CONSULTANTS, DUBAI , UAE
EMAIL: accorduae
YOU CAN NOW GET INTO THE FOLLOWING MARKETS BY OPENING YOUR OWN  OFFICES
AND GET AN INTERNATIONAL PRESENCE  WITH THE BEST MARKET SHARE.
The Markets  you can enter are :
1.ENTIRE MIDDLE EAST - THRU A DUBAI OFFICE
2. AFRICA  REGION - THRU AN OFFICE IN SUDAN
3. UK/EUROPE-   THRU AN OFFICE IN LONDON
Dear Sirs,
Yes, You can have your own office in the one or all of the above 3 areas
The advantages at each location would be a local area network by getting all
information in those sectors and participation of your  business in these
An office in Dubai would cost you Dhs. 25,000 per year equivalent to USD
6,900 /= with your own Business  Trade License ,Sponsorship Fees for one year
If you wish to get in your staff you can rent an office of your choice for
which Rent would depend on the area and size required.  Your Office in Dubai
could operate locally and also reach out to the entire Middle East.  Our
charges included in the above is Dhs. 2500/= for company formation. If you wish to
have a residence visa for 3 years for self or for staff we will assist you to
obtain the same for which government charges for a 3 year visa (including
bank guarantee of Dhs 3000/= ) would work out to Dhs 5400/= per visa. Our
charges for the same would be Dhs.750/= per visa to be paid separately to us. In
case you wish to buy leasehold 99 years visa then you do not need a Business
Trade License in Dubai. The Government provides a free visa for this period
until you retain the property. Properties can be availed at 10 to 25 % margin
and the balance would be funded by Banks . Currently properties in Dubai is
appreciating very fast and this boom is expected to continue for another 3  to
4 years.
The African Region is currently growing at a very fast rate . We  will
handle this market for you from our Sudan base  directly on your behalf at a
fixed retainer fees plus an overriding indenting commission on export LC's
secured for you from  Africa.
The UK/Europe Region is on a boom stage and this is the right time to pitch
in and take advantage of this growing consumer spending market. It is
necessary  to have a company registered in the UK for maximum coverage of the
region. A Private Limited Company can be established and a UK local registered
Office will be provided by us for a yearly fee of UK Sterling Pounds 3500/= for
the first year, the second year fees would be only Pounds 2500/=. This cost
includes providing a UK Local sponsor and a Registered Office Address
Provision. Our Charges of Pounds 500/= are included in the above . We will help you
buy property in UK on mortgage where you need to pay only 25% advance and
balance to be paid over 10 to 15 years. Property prices are extremely high now
and it is advisable to wait for at least one year when prices would ease down.
We will also help you to get a UK Immigration and Permanent Settlement. Our
charges for these services would be separate.
All supporting receipts for government payments for company set-ups would
be provided by us. Our charges as Consultancy fees has been  clearly informed
to you so that you will have a correct idea of the actual expenses in setting
up  business in the above regions.
Accord Management Consultants , Dubai is a Management Consultancy
Organization specialized in setting up companies and  Marketing Co-ordinators in the
region in 3 specialized business areas namely  IT Outsourcing , Pharma and
Health Care  , Silver and Gold  Jewellery  where we can get you business through
our contacts . Accord Management Consultants is headed by Mr.P.Rajshekhar and a team of 25
Personnel spread across Dubai, Sudan and London. You can mail us your
interests to accorduae for an assessment of your export plans and company
setting up.
