
@_date: 2002-02-09 09:38:42
@_author: AMEX; RCG 
@_subject: Stock RCG, High Growth, and a Buy Recommendation 
Stock Symbol RCG trading on the American Stock Exchange gets a Buy
Recommendation By Dr
Stock Symbol  RCG trading on the
AMEX gets a Buy
Recommendation  from Mark T. Hadley, CMA,
CFM of the Hadley Group, Inc. The release states``RCG's depressed share price is an
extremely attractive opportunity for long- term investors.'' 
 REVIEW THIS
RESEARCH REPORT
CAP - SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES REPORT
Capital Group, Inc. (AMEX; RCG)
BUY Target Price: $2.07
BUY recommendation; lowering 12-month price target
RCG has continued to make progress both in revenue growth and in
cash flow improvement
despite the rather bleak current economic conditions and the
aftermath of the Events of
September. We feel this has been possible due to an increased
focus on cost controls, cash flows and senior management’s involvement in dynamically running the
company. 
REVIEW THIS
RESEARCH REPORT
CLICK HERE TO BE
REMOVED FROM FUTURE MAILINGS
Disclaimer Below
Tequesta Capital Corporation  is an independent electronic publication providing information on selected public companies. Certain companies profiled by Tequesta pay consideration in cash and/or stock to Tequesta for the electronic dissemination of company information and, in some cases, web site development. Tequesta was retained as a consultant to RCG,  pursuant to a written agreement which provides for the immediate payment of 300,000 shares of common stock of RCG under option, of which 150,000 shares are freely tradable and 150,000 shares are issued under rule 144. A payment of $14,000 cash for its services, including the electronic dissemination of information concerning the profiled company. Tequesta did not receive any other compensation, of any kind, for its services other than stated herein. Tequesta is not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer. Tequesta has been advised that the investments in companies profiled are considered to !
be high risk and use of the information provided is for reading purposes only if anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker if any party decides to participate as an investor then it will be that  investor's sole risk. Tequesta has also been advised that the purchase of such high risk securities may result in the loss of some or all of the investment. All  information provided by the profiled companies may include information provided by outside sources, such as research reports, public filings or computer databases and information provided to Tequesta by management of the profiled company. All information is provided by the companies profiled and Tequesta makes no representations, warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure by the profiled companies. Investors should not rely solely on the information presented. Rather, investors should !
use the information provided by the profiled companies as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the profiled companies in order to allow the investor to form his or her own opinion regarding investing in the profiled companies. Factual statements made by the profiled companies are made as of the date
12/31/2001 and are subject to change without notice. The receipt of this information shall not create, under any circumstances, any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the company profiled since the date of review. Investing in micro-cap securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk. It is possible that an investor's entire investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled. Tequesta makes no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased, sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies through Tequesta. Investing in micro-cap securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk. It is possible that an investor's investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled. Certain of the statements contained in this news release may be forward-looking statements w!
ithin the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by such terms as ``expect,'' ``believe,'' ``may,'' ``will,'' and ``intend'' or similar terms. Tequesta Capital Corporation or its affiliates may have a position in the securities mentioned herein and may make purchases or sales thereof.
