
@_date: 2002-02-21 20:38:35
@_author: Adam Shostack 
@_subject: Privacy Enhancing Technologies 2002 
Privacy Enhancing Technologies 2002
April 14-15, 2002
San Francisco, CA
Call for Participation
Registration for Privacy Enhancing Technologies 2002 is now open.
Details and online registration can be found at along with the program and hotel information.
Privacy and anonymity are increasingly important in the online
world. Corporations and governments are starting to realize their power
to track users and their behavior, and restrict the ability to publish
or retrieve documents. Approaches to protecting individuals, groups,
and even companies and governments from such profiling and censorship
have included decentralization, encryption, and distributed trust.
Building on the success of the first anonymity and unobservability
workshop (LNCS 2009, held in Berkeley in July 2000), PET2002 addresses
the design and realization of such anonymity and anti-censorship services
for the Internet and other communication networks. The program consists
of peer reviewed papers, an invited talk, and a panel discussion on
policy. The proceedings will be published in the Springer-Verlag Lecture
Notes in Computer Science series.
Preliminary PET2002 program:
  David Chaum: Invited Talk
  "Privacy-enhancing technologies for the Internet, II: Five years later"
  Ian Goldberg
  "Detecting Web Bugs With Bugnosis: Privacy Advocacy Through Education"
  Adil Alsaid, David Martin
  "Private authentication"
  Martin Abadi
  "Towards an Information Theoretic Metric for Anonymity"
  Andrei Serjantov, George Danezis
  "Towards Measuring Anonymity"
  Claudia Diaz, Stefaan Seys, Joris Claessens, Bart Preneel
  "The Platform for Enterprise Privacy Practices -- Privacy-enabled
  Management of Customer Data"
  G{\"u}nter Karjoth, Matthias Schunter, Michael Waidner
  "Privacy Enhancing Profile Disclosure"
  Peter Dornbach, Zoltan Nemeth
  "Privacy Enhancing Service Architectures"
  Tero Alamaki, Margareta Bjorksten, Peter Dornbach, Casper Gripenberg,
  Norbert Gyorbiro, Gabor Marton, Zoltan Nemeth, Timo Skytta, Mikko
  Tarkiainen
  Policy Panel, moderated by John Borking
  "Dummy Traffic Against Long Term Intersection Attacks"
  Oliver Berthold, Heinrich Langos
  "Protecting Privacy during On-line Trust Negotiation"
  Kent E. Seamons, Marianne Winslett, Ting Yu, Lina Yu, Ryan Jarvis
  "Prototyping an Armored Data Vault: Rights Management on Big Brother's
  Computer"
  Alex Iliev, Sean Smith
  "Preventing Interval-based Inference by Random Data Perturbation"
  Yingjiu Li, Lingyu Wang, and Sushil Jajodia
  "Fingerprinting Websites Using Traffic Analysis"
  Andrew Hintz
  "A Passive Attack on the Privacy of Web Users Using Standard Log
  Information"
  Thomas Demuth
  "Covert Messaging Through TCP Timestamps"
  John Giffin, Rachel Greenstadt, Peter Litwack, Richard Tibbetts
  "Almost Optimal Private Information Retrieval"
  Dmitri Asonov, Johann-Christoph Freytag
  "Unobservable Surfing on the World Wide Web: Is Private Information
  Retrieval an alternative to the MIX based Approach?"
  Dogan Kesdogan, Mark Borning, Michael Schmeink
(please distribute widely)

@_date: 2002-06-24 15:29:15
@_author: Adam Shostack 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
In general, I'm very fond of this sort of ownership analysis.  If I
have a TCPA box running my software, and thinking that its mine, how
do I know there isn't one more layer?  Leave it off, and my analysis
is simpler.
I suspect that verifying ownership of the TPM will be like verifying
ownership of property in modern Russia: There may be a title that
looks clean.  But what does the mafia think?  What about the security
services?  There may even be someone with a pre-Bolshevik title
floating around.  Or a forgery.  Hard to tell.  It's annoying to have
one's transaction costs pushed up that high.
I can get very high quality baseline software today.  What I need for
my cypherpunk wet dreams is ecash, and a nice anonymizing network.
What I also need is that the general purpose computing environment
stay free of control points, in Lessig sense.

@_date: 2002-06-24 15:29:15
@_author: Adam Shostack 
@_subject: Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
In general, I'm very fond of this sort of ownership analysis.  If I
have a TCPA box running my software, and thinking that its mine, how
do I know there isn't one more layer?  Leave it off, and my analysis
is simpler.
I suspect that verifying ownership of the TPM will be like verifying
ownership of property in modern Russia: There may be a title that
looks clean.  But what does the mafia think?  What about the security
services?  There may even be someone with a pre-Bolshevik title
floating around.  Or a forgery.  Hard to tell.  It's annoying to have
one's transaction costs pushed up that high.
I can get very high quality baseline software today.  What I need for
my cypherpunk wet dreams is ecash, and a nice anonymizing network.
What I also need is that the general purpose computing environment
stay free of control points, in Lessig sense.
