
@_date: 2014-06-25 03:26:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [cryptography] How big a speedup through storage? 
In re the Bluffdale facility, it has about 100,000 square feet of
actual data warehouse, and is equipped to support a 65 megawatt
power demand and uses 1.7 million gallons of water per day for
cooling.  This gives a baseline for estimating the power density and
processing capacity of the largest (known) U.S. TLA data center.  An
open question:  Is all that space for long term storage enabling
retroactive surveillance of future enemies of the State, or is some
portion of its capacity dedicated to cryptography?
cryptography mailing list

@_date: 2014-10-26 01:59:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: CITIZENFOUR 
Hash: SHA1
In my mind the sudden appearance of that momentarily almost-famous
"pole dancer girlfriend" of Snowden's is of a piece with the rest
of The Snowden Affair:  It raises more questions than it answers,
and adds more reasons to suspect a double game.
Did the "pole dancer girlfriend" ever exist, and is that really
her?  I will assume so, for the sake of a fun story.  What are the
odds that she has travelled more than one mile in any direction
since Ed went walkabout, without that motion being logged for
analysis by a consortium of TLAs?  Other than "she has always
worked for us and is still passing polygraph exams," how could her
bona fides as a person of no interest be so confidently endorsed
by the public servants who let her walk away?  If on the other
hand Russia worked some hocus pocus on her behalf, why have public
officials and partisan propaganda mills that already call Snowden
a Russian agent remained silent on that subject?
Painting the young lady in question as a Russian agent who used
her pole dancing skills to steal U.S. secrets would not be hard:
The story sells itself.  Part two of the story would be how she
fluttered away free as a bird to the waiting welcome of her
Russian paymasters:  First Benghazi, now Boris and Natasha in a
Moscow love nest?  It's an outrageous story that would suit many
of our partisan political propagandists very nicely right about...
now.  But all I hear so far is crickets.
"Those whom heaven helps we call the sons of heaven. They do not
learn this by learning. They do not work it by working. They do
not reason it by using reason. To let understanding stop at what
cannot be understood is a high attainment. Those who cannot do it
will be destroyed on the lathe of heaven." -- Ursula K. LeGuin

@_date: 2014-10-28 01:25:38
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: CITIZENFOUR (of Pole Dancer Girlfriends etc.) 
Hash: SHA1
This, for starters:
Questions raised by anomalies and inconsistencies present in the
original reports of The Snowden Affair and the PRISM documents
have not been resolved.
We have not physically met any of the players in this game; all we
have to go on is propaganda, that is, stories created for the
purpose of persuading us to adopt certain beliefs and
perspectives.  Propaganda is not necessarily a bad thing, nor does
it always indicate deception:  But to take the story presented at
face value and proceed as if one has positive knowledge of the
events depicted is at best a hazardous approach:  Particularly
when a story originates inside agencies whose stock in trade
includes deception and manipulation of friend and foe as routine
daily missions.
My take on The Snowden Affair is deliberately contrarian.  Every
press outlet in the world takes the story at face value and
questions nothing about its basic premises; the only permissible
disagreement is whether one should be "for or against" Ed Snowden.
Jumping on either bandwagon contributes nothing.  In this
situation, the more inconvenient a question is to the basic
premise of the story, the more valuable it may be to our
understanding of the substance and meaning of the story.
I never insinuated that Snowden "could not have had a girlfriend."
 What I have said is that the absence of any indications of a
particular girlfriend other than three words spoken by Ed Snowden,
raised the question of whether that particular person did exist.
Now we do have fairly persuasive evidence of her existence, to
integrate into our interpretation of The Snowden Saga - if we
remain interested enough to bother.
In The Snowden Saga, Lindsay initially existed only as three words
spoken by Ed Snowden when describing the way of life he sacrificed
to undertake his heroic quest:  "Pole dancer girlfriend."  The
appearance of a person named Lindsay in the new film, along with
the story that he met her in a bar in Japan and that she followed
him to Hawaii, is the first corroborating evidence that this
person ever existed.  Now she appears as the most influential
person in Ed's life during the time frame when he decided to
abandon his entire way of life and become a fugitive facing life
in prison for the sake of a Holy Quest.
Questioning whether Ed Snowden was really a free agent, vs. an
unwitting agent exploited by a U.S. (or other) intelligence
operation, is obviously out of bounds.  So that's what I do.
To date, nothing that well informed members of the public did not
already know or confidently guess about the capabilities and
activities of the NSA has been revealed by any of the releases
attributed to Snowden.  I also see that every supposedly
controversial legal or policy issue raised by The Snowden Affair
was already settled in the intelligence community's favor, in
Courts and Congress, years earlier:  The most genuinely
controversial document released was the first one, an order
demanding Verizon's call records; that was a fight the
intelligence community was well prepared to win and they did so
Anyone who studies the history and current activities of the
intelligence community learns early on that final answers are very
elusive.  Insiders describe the intelligence world as a
"wilderness of mirrors."  Elaborate and long-running deceptions
are business as usual:  Familiar examples include the complete
British control of German intelligence networks in England during
World War II, Soviet placement and maintenance of high level
double agents inside the CIA during the first Cold War, and
numerous false flag operations by everybody, such as Israel's
failed Lavon Affair.  Observers inside the intelligence services
are little better off than those on the outside when it comes to
getting the straight story:  Histories created for internal
consumption by outfits like the CIA routinely gloss over
controversies and endorse falsehoods.
In today's world it is not possible to stop leakers from leaking.
But it is very possible to create controlled leakers of one's
own, and use them to pull public attention away from the genuine
article, saturate relevant press resources, and keep legal and
legislative overseers busy chasing after one's own chosen
allegations and indiscretions.  If Ed Snowden did not exist, it
would be necessary to create him.
I have no reason to believe that Ed Snowden is anything other than
what he appears to be:  An idealist who has been used as a means
to an end.  This leaves the question, used by whom and for what
ends?  One can choose a side to take and adjust one's beliefs
accordingly, or leave questions that do not yet have answers open.
That is why I thought the LeGuin quote was very appropriate in
the present context:
"Those whom heaven helps we call the sons of heaven. They do not
learn this by learning. They do not work it by working. They do
not reason it by using reason. To let understanding stop at what
cannot be understood is a high attainment. Those who cannot do it
will be destroyed on the lathe of heaven."

@_date: 2015-06-30 22:35:34
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: progression of technologies 
Hash: SHA1
Brin snagged my real attention when he opened with a quote from
John Brunner's 'The Shockwave Rider.'  But I only skimmed the
relevant text on his website because it was all so familiar.  I'm
surprised I never ran into this aspect of his writing before.
A freelance Wizard follows more or less where patronage is
available; if his work product is any good it is, in and of
itself, morally neutral and will tend to enable good faith actors,
if any, to make better decisions.
That said, I personally won't work for "defense" contractors
because I do have a personal problem with mass murder and such,
and in today's political climate there's no denying that all roads
lead to coercive force in the commercial interest.

@_date: 2015-06-28 22:06:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Tribler - anonymous downloading 
Hash: SHA1
 [...]
I would expect users whose "controversial" content is of a
politically controversial nature would tend to drop this tool on
learning of its potential failure modes, while those whose
"controversial" activities are of a straight up criminal nature
would be much less likely to learn about, or care about, those
failure modes.  The dirtier the deed, the more irrational hence
compelling the motivation for it.

@_date: 2015-06-18 02:41:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: links - Assange now to be questioned - some choice comments at yank dot for giggles 
Hash: SHA1
Master Han's advice seems appropriate:
"Your tread must be light and sure, as though your path were upon
rice paper. It is said, a Shaolin priest can walk through walls.
Looked for...he can not be seen. Listened for ... he can not be
heard. Touched ... can not be felt. This rice paper is the test.
Fragile as the wings of the dragon fly, clinging as the cocoon of
the silk worm. When you can walk its length and leave no trace.
You will have learned."
Assange has, most likely, been anticipating and planning for the
interview for a couple of years.  His potential interviewers will
be under enormous pressure to produce specific results, most
likely with conflicting directives from various Authorities and
whatever bit of moral compass, er I mean care for their
professional reputation, may apply.  Advantage:  Anyone who ever
used the handle Mendax.
For whatever that turns out to be worth.

@_date: 2015-06-12 04:29:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Additional hop before connecting to Tor 
> ----- Forwarded message
from dtm168 -----
Other tracking vectors available to State level actors include:
* Owning and operating a large fraction of the routers in the
network.  This can be concealed very effectively by using a cloud
server to host all the routers in one place, with exits all over the
world via transparent proxies.  "All in one place" means, monitored
and manipulated in realtime to shape traffic and identify users.
* Monitoring exit node traffic to record browser fingerprints,
cleartext of any data transmitted between the TOR user and any
server on the Internet, and associating these with behavior patterns
indicating a personal interests profile, likely time zones, etc.
* Diverting exit node traffic through a hostile router equipped with
"real" Certificate Authority signing keys negates SSL completely -
connecting to a server via SSH over TOR is the same as connecting to
the server without SSH, if your adversary is NSA.
* Injecting exploits and implants into the TOR user's inbound
traffic from sites on the "normal" Internet, custom tailored to
"climb out of" the TOR browser and take over the user's system.
All of the above are within known capabilities at NSA and, most
likely, Israeli, Chinese and Russian security services.  It is
possible that their biggest problem is tripping over each other's
feet while interfering with TOR users.
Any contact with NSA owned (Facebook) or NSA partner (Google)
services creates big, greasy fingerprints that make tracking anyone
anywhere much easier.
A VPN does not even attempt to conceal the identities of users from
any actor who can watch both ends of the connection.  A VPN will
stop low tech adversaries like MPAA/RIAA goons who go after people
sharing files; NSA and its peers, not so much.  Not to mention that
the VPN provider's logs know all and, if handed over or stolen, tell
Generally speaking, TOR and similar systems may delay but will not
prevent the identification of frequent users, paired with their exit
node traffic and its content.  Repeatedly using /any/ anonymizing
protocol from one location more or less guarantees your correct ID
lands in a database with a summary of what your anonymous traffic
One-off use of TOR via the TAILS operating system on a "clean"
laptop at an open WiFi router might be enough to prevent you and
your traffic from being logged.
SSH in general and VPN providers in particular are transparent to
outfits like NSA.  Using them with TOR only becomes part of a
profile that eventually narrows down to one user - you.
Maybe not.  Needle vs. haystack and all that.  But again, if you use
the same physical Internet connection to repeatedly do "anonymous"
things, it would be very good if these things were of no real
interest to our Security Services.
I have run TOR relays from time to time.  As long as you are not
running an exit node, nothing bad will happen.  And at least you
know you are adding one "honest" router to the network - unless your
box has been rooted and you don't know who really controls it.
There's mine, for what it's worth.  Te anonymity provided by TOR
(and i2p, Mixmaster, Freenet, etc.) is very limited even in best
case scenarios.  These tools simply can't work when a hostile actor
effectively sees all, knows all, and can fuck with any connection on
demand.  On the brighter side most private, corporate and criminal
attackers would be completely unable to penetrate the security
provided by TOR (or etc.), unless they are in a position to ask the
NSA or a comparable Security Service to do it for them.

@_date: 2015-06-13 20:21:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Helmholtz Tubes, CRT Signals (Was: Sigint Dumps) 
Hash: SHA1
[ ... ]
[ ... ]
Tracking individual coins?  Genome expressions?  Well... In the
most literal sense, "this I have to see to believe."
Some of our cosmologists, those of a philosophical bent, are
working on the proposition that the Universe we inhabit is a
simulation.  Is this titanic "leak" evidence of someone Elsewhere
debugging the space time continuum via massive dumps of the raw
data used to assemble "life as we know it"?
Again, I have my doubts.  If all this stuff is pouring out into
P2P networks, it would be nice if the people who have manged to
interpret it in such detail would provide just one relevant
.torrent file or etc. along with their amazing conclusions.  Until
then it's all just fun & games.

@_date: 2015-06-10 21:44:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Best practice for safe viewing of PDFs posted to list 
Hash: SHA1
 [ ... ]
I think that using a reader like Evince inside a VM should be very
safe, relatively speaking.  Needless to say, if paranoia is an
issue don't let a PDF file you didn't make yourself touch any
installed Microsoft OS (except inside a VM used for no other
purpose and "rolled back" to an earlier snapshot after every use)
or any "smart phone."
If you want a really unpopular PDF reader, try the GIMP:  It can
import PDF files as rendered images, one layer per page.  It can't
execute active content.  Anybody who anticipates this security
measure, and devises a way to make a PDF file climb out of the
GIMP and take over the machine, arguably deserves to succeed.

@_date: 2015-06-13 19:55:11
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: =?UTF-8?B?xI1yeXB0byBpcyBmaW5pc2hlZC4uLiBhbmQgaXQncyBhYm91dCA=?= =?UTF-8?B?dGltZSDDlyAoYWxzbzogJ 
Hash: SHA1
That's kind of spooky, in that I re-read Vernor Vinge's True Names
just yesterday.
But I think it's more likely that some public servant or private
contractor unleashed the Balrog on those folks without a work
order, and made it painfully obvious to them on purpose, to settle
some personal grudge.  If so, well played:  The full public
disclosure that this act set in motion will be of considerable
benefit to the 'victims' in the long run.
As P.T. Barnum famously said, "There's no such thing as bad

@_date: 2015-06-12 19:41:19
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: =?UTF-8?B?xI1yeXB0byBpcyBmaW5pc2hlZC4uLiBhbmQgaXQncyBhYm91dCA=?= =?UTF-8?B?dGltZSDDlyAoYWxzbzogJ 
Hash: SHA1
I guess we're stuck with Eye Of Sauron and Balrog.  Too bad, this
is a much more Lovecraftian issue IMO:  We are being pulled into a
place where all the angles are "wrong," and watching the most
merciful thing in the world - the inability of hostile actors to
correlate all the contents of the Internet - starting to crumble
away for reals.
Couple of things I can see to work on:
* Publicize this as a quantum leap in network security threats,
requiring new trust models and comms protocols across the board,
to every audience that is likely to understand the problem and
respond proactively.
* Review RFC 6973, Privacy Considerations For Internet Protocols,
and work to amplify/expand sections relevant to what we are
learning about large scale threat actors and their behavior as
observed in the wild.  This RFC is only two years old, so changes
now may have a large impact on results later.
* Think about building an ecosystem of repositories for hashes and
signatures, and protocols for monitoring consensus and assigning
relative trust values to reduce reliance on repo signing keys as
guarantors of software integrity.  Developing comms protocols for
this network would also contribute to general solutions for
hardening networks against the capabilities of our new overlords.
* Think hard about open projects to reverse engineer IC chips with
attention to manufacturer sabotage.  It seems to me that the
likely venue for this would be non-aligned nations (so-called)
with a vested interest in pooling their resources to push back
against universal surveillance & sabotage capabilities of the
Superpowers and their special pets.
*  Keep pressure on all fronts already being worked, i.e.
replacing the HTTPS protocol with something that actually works in
the sense of costing a lot more to defeat.  Make the opposition
spend more money when and wherever possible.
Considering the choice of an apparently competent security
oriented venue to "pen test to destruction" as reported, I wonder
WTF that was about.  Does somebody with control of the resources
used WANT their capabilities publicly disclosed?  If so, was this
a strategic decision from the top, or an act of systemic sabotage
by a lower level actor within the organization in question?  So
many questions, so few clues... so far.

@_date: 2015-06-15 00:58:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
Hash: SHA1
And it's completely inconsistent with the established official
narrative, including for instance the ridiculous farce about
destroying a hard drive at The Guardian.
And it's inconsistent with accounts given by Snowden, Greenwald et
al about the handling of the documents.
And it comes hot on the heels of news that databases of U.S.
Federal personnel records have been stolen - material of GREAT
value to counterintelligence activities around the world.  As this
was nobody's fault but the folks responsible to safeguard that
data, a big diversion covering some of the more embarrassing and
expensive consequences of that breach would definitely be in order.

@_date: 2015-06-28 21:58:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: progression of technologies 
Hash: SHA1
The end of "privacy as we know it" is only a dystopian scenario if
the institutions of authoritarian governance survive in the
post-privacy world.  I don't believe they can survive, because the
same network infrastructure that has already made so much formerly
"private" information public also shifts the balance of power away
from established institutions in fundamental ways.
Keeping State and Corporate secrets out of public view is becoming
progressively more difficult, while the mechanism of ad-hoc self
organizing "smart mob" actions arising from the public at large is
an emergent challenge to established power centers.  If and as
these trends continue to accelerate, the nature of political power
will eventually be transformed.
The opposition takes this prospect very seriously, and is fighting
back through automation of intelligence analysis, adaptive enemies
lists, strategic deployment of reputation management,
astroturfing, censorship, adaptive signal boosting and
degradation, spoofing and disinformation, coordination of
conventional propaganda across formerly isolated domains, etc. etc.
The future I envision is not a dystopia per Orwell or Huxley,
because these models presume the survival of large States and
continued concentration of power in the hands of a ruling elite.
I think that one way or another, large scale authoritarian rule is
on the way out.  One way is the continued development of
established trends in information technology's impact on large
scale social behavior.  The other way is the pending collapse of
the global material economy and substantial re-localization of
production and commerce.  Together, these environmental pressures
drive adaptive responses that are /very/ unfavorable to the
interests of our present rulers.

@_date: 2015-06-27 03:53:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: progression of technologies 
Hash: SHA1
That was my first reaction as well:  But on close inspection he
seems take the exponential growth of universal surveillance as a
given, while the ability to correlate the collected information
into actionable intelligence can and should be restricted to large
organizations:  "Most privacy laws exist to block government
actions. A few exist to block private institutional actions. But
none exist to block individuals' actions."
I interpret this as a response to the accelerating progress of
open source collection and analysis into contexts formerly
monopolized by State and Corporate actors.  A war of sorts is
already underway on this front; else why is Barrett Brown doing
time for the crime of investigative journalism?  Nobody stands to
lose more in a truly open society than our professional secret
keepers and sanctioned violators of the secrets of others.  Like
the good folks who pay the bills at In-Q-Tel.
Recent events including the exposure of Federal employee records
and the integration of ICWatch data into Wikileaks' searchable
archives may be weighing heavily on the minds of State and
Corporate strategists.  What good is owning a Panopticon if the
prisoners have data terminals where they can watch the guards and
their employers as they go about their daily lives?
Secrecy as we know it may be on the way out:  With the advent of
networked everything, the secrecy tax Julian Assange wrote about
years ago keeps growing and may reach a tipping point where State
and Corporate secrecy no longer pays.
Propaganda as we know it may be on the way out:  With the advent
of networked everybody, identity groups and market segments
created and manipulated by broadcast propaganda are running on
inertia.  The 'ego casting' and 'echo chamber' effects that
segregate the Internet today are at best leaky containers whose
walls are getting thinner all the time.
I wouldn't mind a world where privacy is a thing of the past, as
long as the playing field is reasonably level.  Control of access
to information is the key to controlling whole societies; both
secrecy and propaganda are essential to the operation of any
repressive regime.  Could authoritarian State and Corporate
institutions exist in a world without privacy, where bad faith
actors have no hiding places?  A world where control of news,
information, education and entertainment is diffused across tens
of millions of actors?

@_date: 2015-07-06 20:56:58
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: There's this really kewl mesh network that's being deployed world-wide... 
Hash: SHA1
Check the specs on the thing before trusting a cage - utility
companies have been sending C&C signals over power lines forever.
I had a PC sound system amp that could pick some of that up as
occasional little zap-zap-zap-zap bursts of compressed TTY noise.
 The house had some kind of power management gear hooked up to the
meter, putting a UPS on the line stopped the noise, QED.  (More or
less, didn't have an o-scope so I can't prove nothing.)

@_date: 2015-07-22 23:19:38
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: an ominous comment 
Hash: SHA1
Oi, group identity in any anarchist-friendly venue can't be
enforced by any kind of coercive authority, else it is not an
anarchist-friendly venue.  Fighting over the definition of the
group is only fun until somebody wins.

@_date: 2015-07-21 09:28:34
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: an ominous comment 
Hash: SHA1
And all along I thought, the sooner the Pentagon et al stood down
and let the world be overrun, the better for the human race.
Better in every measurable way, except for the net worth and
sovereign power of the wealthy and powerful gangs that sponsor and
direct those organizations.
Last I heard, police forces were not dispatched to cross borders
and kill large numbers of people, to advance the financial agendas
of some few thousands of the folks back home.  When the police do
what the military does, they become criminals even by the
definition of the laws enacted by their own masters.
Anyone who deliberately and for personal gain participates in mass
murder might be considered "bad."  I prefer to think of them as
ignorant and disinformed, aside from a minority among them who are
psychopathic and in need of minders.
So...  If I understand this correctly, the CIA, a clandestine U.S.
military service, is in the business of persuading Presidents,
elected to embody the will of the People, to their way of
thinking.  Come to think of it, their charter implicity says so.
I guess we should have dumped them when we had the chance.  IIRC a
President once said he was going do just that, too bad somebody
shot him.
Every corporate entity needs intelligence to function.  How many
need a department to promote, codify and implement torture as a
psychological weapon?  How many need a department that arms,
trains and directs gangs of killers to put inconvenient market
competitors out of business, and take over their shops?  How many
need a department to set up and run major drug smuggling
operations, to fund other violent criminal enterprises off the books
I try not to go around calling people "scumbags" and come to think
of it, I succeed.  But there's no denying that working for the CIA
in any capacity imparts a certain taint, given that it has been a
criminal enterprise more or less since its inception and shows no
signs of meaningful reform.  By "criminal" I mean, per any common
sense definition that does not duck the issue by asserting that
certain functions of State are by definition "above the law" due
to some existential necessity.  A MAFIA bookkeeper who always does
an honest day's work and never hurts anybody is not a criminal, righ
Practical alternatives to endemic, high dollar institutional
violence are limited by the inherent nature of the institutions
that carry it out:  They exist to impose the will of their masters
on whole societies.  They defeat their masters' specified enemies
by any means necessary, which covers a spectrum from propaganda
through deception, bribery and terrorism to the industrialized
mass murder we call warfare.  Try to stop them; if you show signs
of success, their masters will direct them to neutralize YOU by
any means necessary.
As things stand, we don't have enough volunteers to shut down the
killing machine by direct intervention.  If and when we do, the
emergent organizations that make it possible will also play key
roles in developing long term solutions for international conflicts.
As a practical matter, one must do what one can to stop the
bleeding; such efforts tend to be contagious, and we have ways of
spreading that contagion.  It starts with telling the truth.
Opportunities to do that keep coming faster and faster.
Most people don't know what government is, because those who
govern use a very different definition than the ones the governed
are taught:  State sovereignty is the power to rob, kidnap and
kill withing a given territorial boundary, and to defend these
powers as one's exclusive prerogative.
Anarchists are consistently depicted as violent lunatics opposed
to any form of social order.  The idea that government is based on
the consent of the governed is all well and good in a civics
class, but God forbid someone should try to actually implement
that fine theory by withdrawing their consent from particular
incarnations and/or functions of government.
I would not say so, but broadly speaking, they are directed by
political appointees who, to varying extents, run them as criminal
enterprises.  Criminal, even by the very liberal and tolerant
standards set by the State that employs them.
To me, the alternatives are painfully obvious.  Step one in a real
"war against terror" is to stop doing terrorism.  Step one in
defending a country's "way of life" is to invest in its human and
industrial infrastructure.  It certainly makes no sense to indulge
in multi-trillion dollar tax and debt funded economic bonfires
that produce nothing but paychecks, stock dividends and the odd
few million dead bodies and refugees here and there.
That's kind of like advertising oneself as the kindest, most
considerate serial killer presently at large.
It doesn't take a lifetime of study or exceptional brain power to
recognize gross offenses to the values that define human beings as
social animals fit to walk the Earth.  It does take a lifetime of
study and exceptional brain power, on the part of a whole
managerial class, to direct that society to commit such offenses
and take them for granted as regrettable necessities.
The survival value of human intelligence has not been
satisfactorily demonstrated.  Its hazards are becoming more
obvious every day.

@_date: 2015-07-20 23:40:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: an ominous comment 
Hash: SHA1
Right you are, in "security" context is everything.  My take on
the Cypherpunk Way is, start with design concepts for maximum
security (!= absolute security), then trim the security
constraints back just enough to permit useful work to be done on a
cost effective basis.
This is vs. industry standard security, where one starts with no
security considerations at all, then adds just enough security to
cover the largest perceived (!= actual) threats from potential
Compare UNIX style OS architecture to MS style.  :)
a big fan of password management, as a special case in the
category of "A failed data backup may cost more than a successful
break-in."  Lots of luck getting "normal" users to make and use
more than two weak passwords, though.

@_date: 2015-07-20 21:47:38
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: an ominous comment 
Hash: SHA1
There was a bit of controversy over the relationship between
Google and the NSA back when Google was brand new, because the NSA
sent engineers over to Google to help them design their server
farms.  Other companies very properly complained because they were
not getting any such free tech support from Uncle Sam.
Abusing all your users equally at a scale that makes the abuse a
normal environmental condition, produces maximum gains in income
and valuation for the enterprise.
Also this:
And this,

@_date: 2015-07-26 22:52:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Hackers Remotely Kill a Jeep on the Highway 
Hash: SHA1
[ ... ]
Any bench tech with access to publicly available documentation -
and the physical hardware - should be able to identify the RF
components in any automotive control system without too much
trouble.  ECM units are fairly well RF isolated, so those that
talk to the world should normally have easily identified
connections to external antennas.  High frequency transceiver
components usually have their own RF shielded areas on the board
as well.  Cutting one wire or IC pin per unit (antenna or IC
power) should isolate it from remote access.  If necessary
functions fail, undo the mod and try elsewhere until the desired
results are obtained.
In the U.S., getting hold of ECMs to play with presents some
inconveniences:  Junk yards pull ECMs and sell them back to their
manufacturers - some nonsense about "intellectual property" seems
to be involved - so there aren't many available on the open market
to play with.  But where there's a will, a few dollars and a small
pile of pointy tools, there's a way.

@_date: 2015-07-25 02:25:04
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Hackers Remotely Kill a Jeep on the Highway 
Hash: SHA1
And if the target of such an attack becomes suspicious, his
comments about those suspicions become evidence of insanity and
help to account for his untimely demise.
Need some volunteers and/or a funding angel to create a corpus of
howto docs that identify the RF receiver parts in automotive ECM
units and their associated wiring harnesses, including which pins
to cut to assure radio silence in both directions.
Oh wait - voiding your warranty would be more proof of insanity.

@_date: 2015-07-29 01:34:07
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: True Crypt is Not Secure 
Hash: SHA1
a market is willing to pay enough to support and grow the
project, it can be done.  Are there potential partners and large
scale consumers for "top security through total transparency" to
make an open hardware project viable today?
One potential route would be to broker a deal to pool the
resources of specialty hardware integrators who already have a
market base for high security "solutions."  The Open Office
project pulled off something similar years ago, obtaining major
funding and support from IBM and others who wanted Microsoft out
of their hair.  So, who wants a shot at defending some of their
digital assets from outfits like NSA and GHCQ, badly enough to pay
for it?
The first place I would start shopping this "crypto anarchist"
project around would be State security services - pretty much any
small to mid-sized outfit not in BRICS or FVEYE could be a
potential market for auditable scrambler phones for military
commanders, senior elected officials, diplomatic corps and
double-nought spies.  From there to high performance servers and
workstations would be a natural progression.
I haven't looked at how the Black Phone folks are doing lately,
but that looks like the kind of product line where open hardware
might find its first viable home.
Another consideration:  One needs not necessarily own the facility
where the chips are made:  ISO quality assurance programs already
in place support client access for audit and validation.  A
contract that specifies the client's intrusive presence during
every phase of production and handling would cost extra, but a QA
process that assumes the presence of hostile actors on the shop
floor is definitely possible.  Such a process would also be needed
at a dedicated facility:  One must assume the presence of hostile
actors there, too.

@_date: 2015-07-28 00:00:06
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: SIGINT and improving wireless privacy at the PHY 
Hash: SHA1
They seem to be subscribed to some list of TOR exit nodes and
filter against that.  I tried connecting via 3 nodes, 2 worked
normally and one returned the polite FU notice.

@_date: 2015-07-30 04:11:06
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Open Fabs 
Hash: SHA1
That's not what I have in mind at all.  Everything that touches
the production process would have to be isolated and audited.  In
practical terms, that would mean bringing the computers in
question in from offsite, with relevant software already installed
and validated.
In the context at hand, watching the whole thing play out would
consist of directing the whole process one step at a time, per a
procedure created in collaboration with the contractor's
engineering and QA departments.  Optical masks and/or equivalent
data files would be handled by client personnel and retained for
validation.  The chips that pop out would be under very stringent
property control, and quite a lot of them would be torn down and
thoroughly analyzed "at home" to validate the run.
Just like doing it at an existing commercial facility, with the
added advantage of much better control of physical access,
hardware, etc. at the dedicated facility. Whether that advantage
would be worth the extra costs, vs. real security improvements,
depends on how reliable the post-production tear down and analysis
of end product components is considered.  "A difference that makes
no difference is no difference."
If it really is impossible to build a trusted CPU with an
untrusted CPU, then it is not possible to build a trusted CPU.
Fortunately, trust is not an absolute and there are ways to build
relatively trustworthy systems from relatively untrustworthy
components.  A quote to the effect of "I do not care who votes, I
only care who counts the votes" comes to mind but I'm too lazy to
look it up right now.
I think that in the engineering and business worlds, trust is
always a point on a cost curve.
When Trust and Security are considered as absolutes, the costs of
maintaining them rise exponentially until the protected assets die
of resource starvation.  Civilization as we know it is presently
following the path of demanding absolute security, provided by
rulers vested with absolute trust, to early termination.  Getting
more on the practical business of making IC chips into the public
domain and widely distributed, enabling faster and decentralized
recovery of today's industrial capabilities, is one of the
benefits of open hardware development projects.
The objectives of an open IC project include providing protections
against institutional sabotage, but also the creation of
protocols, documents and data that can be re-used and improved
over time.  Policies and protocols necessary to assure adequate
transparency, including repeatability, would amount to enlarging
the GPL ecosystem to encompass computer hardware as well as
software.  If such a project can't produce products that are cost
effective for end users, it will remain at most a theme park ride
for misguided investors.  The "high security" angle looks like a
place where potential customers and nearly off-the-shelf
capabilities meet.

@_date: 2015-07-30 03:03:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Open Fabs 
Hash: SHA1
Security by obscurity ain't security at all.
But of course you must have been joking.  :D

@_date: 2015-07-30 01:47:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Open Fabs 
Hash: SHA1
[ ... ]
That's exactly what I'm talking about:  Essentially taking over
the production process and working alongside facility staff, with
particular attention to choke points where validation is both
possible and productive.  ISO quality programs include provision
for onsite participation by clients; it's more a question of
money, and picking a facility that can readily accommodate the
requirements, than of getting anyone to open up any closed
process.  This might deprive one of the advantages of "commercial
trade secret" techniques belonging to the facility's owners, but
that's kind of the whole point of the exercise.  Smaller
facilities with older equipment would be better prospects than the
One should never be certain that one is receiving exactly what was
specified, regardless of validaiton.  Somewhere, the rising curve
of security costs will cross a falling curve of security risks,
and that's as good a place as any to draw a line.  Mark the other
side of the line "here be dragons - maybe."  End users can pick up
any perceived slack if and as they want to spend the money to do so.
Damn straight.  I'm especially picky about the inspection records
of nuclear power facilities; IMO they should include video of the
inspectors at work, especially in hazardous / PITA locations they
might be inclined to skip.  I recall at least one case where
reactor inspection logs were casually falsified for years, very
nearly causing a catastrophic core breach due to undetected
containment vessel deterioration located "around a corner and out
of sight" from casual view.

@_date: 2015-07-29 22:06:10
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Open Fabs 
Hash: SHA1
catch!  See also:
See also:
Must have been something in the air.  Now everybody will want
something similar - and some won't have the luxury of trusting the
NSA, NRO, ETC the same way the DoD can.  "Let's talk about the
chips in your TAO/ANT Brand scrambler phones..."  :o)
I do see problems with scaling DYI chip projects up to commercial
production numbers, and down in scale to achieve fast, high
capacity performance.  That's why I am much more interested in the
prospects of a manufacturing process built for radical
transparency, using "commercial best practice" technology at
conventional production facilities.
IMO the same kind of radical transparency should apply to all
industrial processes that pose large potential hazards to public
health & safety, i.e. nuclear power stations, transgenic
agriculture, etc.

@_date: 2015-08-29 04:47:00
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [tor-relays] clarification on what Utah State University exit relays store ("360 gigs of log fil 
Hash: SHA1
To convince router manufacturers that they must transition to
TOR-by-default routers is a tall order:  That's a big commercial
market with a small number of dominant players, inherently aligned
with conservative a.k.a. Fascist interests.
Global many-to-many communications is correctly perceived as a
threat to the political and economic dominance of State and
Corporate institutions, formerly assured by central control of
mass scale communications for censorship and propaganda purposes.
 In this context, mass surveillance is an adaptive response that
seeks to counter-balance the "liberating" impact of the Internet
by enabling early identification and effective manipulation of
emergent mass movements and ad hoc leadership cadres.
TOR is a weapon; the U.S. State Department funds it to support the
destabilizing impact of counter-censorship and
counter-surveillance technology on other, more overtly repressive
regimes.  However, high profile busts of Hidden Service users
indicate that TOR is not quite effective enough to defeat U.S.
network surveillance assets, at least not where fixed high-value
targets are concerned.  This is consistent with U.S. policy
objectives with regard to the strength of all cryptographic
We are told that the TOR Project favors convenience and speed over
security, because this is necessary to build a large enough user
base to make the system effective.  That does not entirely make
sense, as favoring security over speed and convenience would make
the system effective regardless of the size of its user base.  It
makes more sense to imagine that the TOR Project would lose its
Federal funding and become a target for effective harassment and
manipulation by Federal security services, if TOR's security was
upgraded to be resistant to U.S. surveillance capabilities.
"Everybody knows" that effective resistance to traffic analysis of
an encrypted low-latency anonymizing network requires a constant
flow of traffic, padded as necessary with dummy packets to
maintain a constant through-put when an endpoint is idle.  This
deprives observers of the ability to match the endpoints of any
given session by analyzing the timing and number of packets at
entry and exit nodes.
But nobody implements effective cover traffic:  The reasons given
for this deficiency include concerns about bandwidth limitations
and processor overhead. 20 years ago these barriers were real,
today not so much.  I2P users have the option of hosting enough
torrents to keep cover traffic unrelated to their other uses of
that network going; this is not as effective as padding traffic to
maintain a uniform flow, but way better than no cover traffic.
TOR actively discourages file sharing, "because" this would cause
bandwidth and processor overhead problems.
I believe it would be much easier to persuade the TOR Project to
implement cover traffic, or to create a next generation TOR
network that does, than to persuade router makers to support
today's other than best practices TOR network by default.  But I'm
not sure that this can be done by any project based in a U.S.
controlled jurisdiction, as it would be contrary to the National

@_date: 2015-08-28 09:03:34
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [tor-relays] clarification on what Utah State University exit relays store ("360 gigs of log fil 
Hash: SHA1
[ etc, right on target AFAIK ]
Global observer attacks can be augmented by owning a substantial
number of the routers:  All hosted at one facility, but globally
distributed via transparent VPN connections running on a variety
of platforms all over the world. These router instances would be
somewhat customized to facilitate manipulation of traffic via a
purpose built hypervisor with a plugin architecture for monitor
functions. Since code names aren't supposed to be related to the
named thing in any way, we can't call this Hydra.
In terms of real world threats, I think it's safe to say that TOR
"Hidden Services" aren't very well hidden from motivated
adversaries who can deploy global observation and/or global
infiltration attacks: The persistence, fixed physical location and
interactive availability a hidden services makes it a fat, dumb,
happy sitting target for any major State's military and police
intelligence service that takes an interest in identifying the
host and its operators IRL.

@_date: 2015-08-23 06:35:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: NSA Spying Relies on AT&T'S "Extreme Willingness to Help" 
Hash: SHA1
My thoughts exactly:  Snowden never left the reservation when he
collected his docs, except in that he copied quite a lot of them
and carried them out.  Reading up on what your internal customers
use the network for is healthy and encouraged behavior for admins
- - up to the point of "sensitive sources and methods."
Ah yup.
Project scopes, code names, and functional descriptions give one a
high level but fairly definitive picture of the systems described.
 Once one knows what they are doing, the how is largely self
explanatory.  The only surprise in the whole Snowden dump is the
scope and depth of U.S. engagement in cyber-spying:  Going from
well founded suspicion to detailed documentary evidence is a
quantum leap, converting knowledge into intelligence.
The extent of Greenwald & Co. cooperation with State authorities,
vs. purely commercial motives, remains an open question.
It may be a coincidence that the first two Big Stories of the
Snowden Saga broke on the same days as the last two major events
in the Manning trial.  Greenwald knocked Chelsea's story right off
the public's radar.  I do believe in coincidences, but I try not
to bet on them, and this one casts a creepy, PsyOps kind of light
on the Snowden business.  The sale of those documents to Pierre
Omidyar also seems a little creepy to me:
One content gap that I find puzzling is the absence of references
in published Snowden docs to what was formerly called Romas/COIN
then Odyssey, a system revealed by the H.B. Gary e-mail dump.
Maybe I missed a description of that program under another name: I
have not been reading everything that comes down the pipe.
Romas/COIN was the name of Uncle Sam's cellular network, smart
phone and social media surveillance and exploitation toolkit from
Hell (see echelon2.org). As a rich source of high quality
collection in regions vital to the National Interest, I am sure
that the NSA taps into this kit's databases and/or work products,
even if it "belongs to" another Service.  Maybe somebody here
recognizes Romas/COIN as somthing appearing under another name in
Snowden docs?

@_date: 2015-08-22 05:47:34
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: NSA Spying Relies on AT&T'S "Extreme Willingness to Help" 
Hash: SHA1
[ ... ]
Why such a suspicious attitide?  :o)
This loops back to my own initial interpretation of the Snowden
affair as a likely deception operation.  Since then my opinion of
that interpretation has been all over the map in response to new
information, but I have never had reason to doubt that the Snowden
leaks are controlled for the benefit of the U.S. National
Interest.  (Material from the second and/or third NSA leakers,
believed to be stationed in Germany, maybe not quite so much.)
Some of my speculations here are obsolete, but the general concept
that the Snowden Saga is not what it appears to be and is strongly
influenced and/or controlled by elements of the NatSec community
appears to stand up well.  I believe it's very possible that
Snowden never obtained access to the useful and relevant technical
documents that seem to be missing from his dump:

@_date: 2015-08-17 12:42:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Someone recommends the hacking TV series "Mr. Robot" 
Hash: SHA1
I saw the first two episodes, they weren't half bad; somebody
obviously did their homework.  But then, I'm easy - Archer had me
at Jessica Walter, and the bits and pieces of spookish history
they throw into the scripts amuse me more than they should.
I would would endorse a little independent film called Algorithm
to the Cpunk crowd:  Surprisingly realistic, including the
radically political angle; I like it when a movie leaves me asking
myself, whose propaganda was that anyway?

@_date: 2015-08-23 06:25:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Truecrypt container hacked? 
Hash: SHA1
a South Florida man was recently  convicted of stealing military
Historically, the FBI has used keyloggers to defeat PGP Disc and
Truecrypt - and also, I am sure, other encrypted file systems that
don't have back door access as a standard feature.
Since rubber hose cryptanalysis and bugging computers are well
known FBI methods, while world + dog have failed so far to make
real progress on breaking the ciphers used in Truecrypt, I see no
reason to suspect the latter occurred.  None at all.
The word "Truecrypt" does not appear in this summary of expert
testimony, which describes forensics conducted at the facilities
the classified files were borrowed from:
So, the defendant was already in the bag before somebody managed
to type the correct pass phrase and examine the contents of his
stash.  I found no indication of whether his guilty plea came
before or after investigators had access to the encrypted data; it
seems very likely that handing over the pass phrase was part of a
plea deal.
Persuading people that a cryptographic tool does not work is a
very effective attack against it.  Should we blame ignorance or
something else for the "Truecrypt is broken" take-away many casual
readers will pick up from this story as written?

@_date: 2015-08-25 06:53:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Reinventing the Wheel 
Hash: SHA1
My first thought:  What's to prevent the markets for contract hits
on websites and public figures from being monitored by potential
victims, and the bounties stolen by 'anonymous' parties, a.k.a.
the proposed victims themselves, by simulating the trigger
conditions for payouts?
Really unpopular people could anonymously crowdfund actions
against themselves then collect the loot, a nearly perfect crime.
Ultimately, human judgment must have veto power over the automated
decision processes - which would void the concept of an
impersonal, automated payout process, bringing the reinvented
wheel full circle.

@_date: 2015-08-28 04:14:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: UH OH: Windows 10 will share your Wi-Fi key with your friends' friends 
Hash: SHA1
The continued dominance of Microsoft products even in professional
and commercial settings, and ongoing efforts to mitigate the
Microsoft spectrum of security failures and violations,
demonstrates one of the most fundamental laws of human behavior:
You can't smarten up a chump. IIRC it was W.C. Fields who
observed, "Trying to smarten up a chump is like trying to teach a
pig to sing, it wastes your time and annoys the pig."
A corollary to this law states that it is morally wrong to give a
sucker an even break.  That would explain the global ecosystem of
administrator and technicians who use Microsoft to rip off clients
and employers.
But for the benefit of those who do not fall entirely into the
chump ~ sucker category Mr. Miyagi say, "Best block is, no be there.

@_date: 2015-09-25 13:46:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Re: [bestbits] Indian Encryption Policy 
Hash: SHA1
I hope they call tech support before installing this.

@_date: 2015-09-21 13:10:07
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Key Compromise Related to Architectural Work Not Cryptome 
Hash: SHA1
I never picked that up, can you give some examples?
IMO people who know who JYA is generally like him because he does
things that are sufficiently bad.
Yea verily:  One stop shopping for suppressed, leaked,
declassified, authentic, forged, original, altered, or any
combination of the above documents presenting information,
misinformation, disinformation and hybrids thereof contributed by
fearless crusaders, lone nuts, agents provocateur, intelligence
agents, double agents, triple agents, n-tuple agents who have no
idea who or what they are working for, and of course, humor and
The above paragrph is offered as evidence that just because
someone writes more or less like JYA, it ain't necessarily him.

@_date: 2015-09-19 16:33:07
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Waking up 
Hash: SHA1
"Assad must go" has been the uniform propaganda theme across all
Western media outlets since the day the Obama Admimistration first
called the Syrian government a "regime."
NGOs sent teams into Syria a couple of years ago with the mission
of finding out what the "Syrian in the street" thinks about all
this.  Their uniform position:  All foreign intervention must go.
But alas, now that U.S. sponsored proxy forces have taken over
substantial economic assets in Syria, there will be no removing
them without foreign intervention; even if Uncle Sam turns off the
money tap, ISIS will just keep going:  Deeply depleted Syrian
armed forces won't be able to remove them.  In terms of real
options, a strong Russian presence is most likely the best deal
available to the Syrian people.

@_date: 2015-09-14 08:17:10
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Anyone familiar with SEO (Search Engine Optimization) techniques? I have a mystery. 
Hash: SHA1
Google employs two contractors with an army of humans to review
websites for "quality". Among other things they check for keyword
stuffing, hidden text irrelevant to the site's content, etc.; on
discovery, offending sites are de-rated and "sandboxed" so that
only searches for the exact URL of the offender's site appear in
Google search results. But an SEO contractor with hundreds of
totally ignorant clients (i.e., hundreds of clients) can spread a
well paid (or personal grudge based) suppression campaign like the
one described across hundreds of domains to keep the spam alive
and working.
The distribution of "search spam" that is referenced here could be
bad luck - some sleazy SEO contractor cut and pasted the text just
because it was natural language and contained specific terms
relevant to some of their customers' sites.  Or, and IMO more
likely, someone contracted to have the info in question removed
from the Internet by poisoning search indexes.
Either way, if you put up a web page that has the relevant text in
it, that page should rise above the irrelevant crap in search
results within a couple of months.  The specific search terms you
want to become findable should be included in an H1 header at or
near the top of the page, and in the first paragraph.  Naming an
image on the page to include these words is an undocumented but
effective trick.  The same words and phrases should be included in
the "description" meta-tag field of the page header.  (The
"keywords" meta-tag is ignored by search engines that use natural
language analysis to categorize pages, i.e. all search engines today
For best results, ask folks on THIS list (and elsewhere) to go out
of their way to put links to your own counter-attacking page on
their own websites, with search terms that have been poisoned by
the SEO contractor as the visible text of the hyperlink.  Links on
a half dozen pages with Google page ranks of 2 or above can work
Much as I hate to say this, setting up a Google Analytics account
and adding their tracking code to your counter-attack page is a
good idea, because pages with the analytics.js code will get
crawled and indexed faster.  People who "care about privacy" won't
be affected because their browsers won't download or execute the
A saboteur who has to hide his weaponized text from human website
visitors (and the "owners" of the websites used) can't compete
against well formed, visible text on pages that have lots of
inbound links from "real" websites.
Google is very up front about how most of their page indexing and
ranking protocols work:

@_date: 2015-09-23 12:55:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Windows 10 
Hash: SHA1
I hate to admit it, but what you say is true.  "Best" is a
completely context-dependent concept.  Windows 10 is the best OS
out there, by far, IF you as the user deeply desire to be owned
and controlled, monitored and monetized in every way, as deeply
and continuously as possible by your beloved Master.  Granted,
it's just a computer; but there's no denying it can deeply affect
your Real Life.
Like other Microsoft operating systems and application software,
Windows 10 makes the wettest dreams of the submissive masochist
come true:  More holes eagerly waiting to be violated.

@_date: 2015-09-16 23:54:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Linux Foundation' Linux workstation security checklist 
Hash: SHA1
And other waterhole attacks of various types...  any ole thing
that's likely to bet bookmarked and passed around the office or -
horror of horrors - taken home.

@_date: 2015-09-19 10:40:54
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fw: WiFi router networking? 
Hash: SHA1
I don't think that's a problem, since consumer grade routers don't
have enough power to require a licensed operator.  High gain
antennas may be a gray area here, but since these would be pointed
at participating reconfigured routers I don't think that would
raise any eyebrows.
Yup, needs an ethernet connection for user access.  Forwarding a
mesh network router to a conventionally configured WiFi router is
not a problem I have looked at yet, but I believe it should be
easy.  (He said, heedless of Finagle's Ghost hovering over his

@_date: 2015-09-17 00:07:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fw: WiFi router networking? 
Hash: SHA1
A friend turned me on to this some time ago.  I have yet to set up
any mesh networks but it does look VERY promising.

@_date: 2015-09-27 16:34:26
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Rogue States and Diplomacy: a Conversation With Noam Chomsky 
Hash: SHA1
A while back I was reading a training doc for intelligence
analysts that used Iran in one of its examples.  Per this text,
Iran is believed to be working to prevent a U.S. invasion by doing
whatever it can to keep U.S. forces busy elsewhere in its
neighborhood, drawing down U.S. manpower and material resources
and denying the U.S. safe access to staging areas, well controlled
rear areas and flanks, etc.
So... if successful, Iran's nuclear weapons program would render
their present defence strategy obsolete, presumably closing out
their sponsorship of "destabilizing" forces in the region.  If
Iran gets The Bomb, U.S. sponsored "stabilization" elsewhere in
Iran's neighborhood would most likely get a big boost.  It's a
win/win proposition for the U.S. and Iran, unless of course the
U.S. National Interest requires the annexation of Iran - which it
does, as Iran sits right in the middle of the future U.S.
Protectorate of Pipelineistan.
Taking in the larger picture, I would agree with General Turgidson
that we can not allow a mineshaft gap.

@_date: 2015-10-30 23:48:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Shiny stuff and designer societies (addenda) 
Hash: SHA1
the infamous one-line poster.
We looooove yoooou!

@_date: 2015-10-14 13:19:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Edward Snowden BBC interview 
Hash: SHA1
Also: Edward Snowden denies making a deal with the Russian secret service
I would be surprised if he did deliver docs to the Russians.  Now
that we have had a better look at him, it seems that our Mr.
Snowden is a bit of a fiend for OpSec.  As such, I can't see him
carrying red hot docs, or the means of accessing them, around with
him after confirmed delivery to Greenwald & Co.  In the first
place, doing so would make him a more valuable target for multiple
State actors.  Second, it would provide a big reward to anyone who
might have managed to snatch him and turn him inside out; if he
had nothing, it would at least provide him the satisfaction of
knowing that his captors got nothing of value out of him.
Since it's very credible that Russia was not his intended
destination, the concept of buying his way in with classified
information (a la Lee Oswald) just doesn't fit.  Russia's handling
of Snowden so far has been consistent with their propaganda
objective of appearing to be morally superior to their US/NATO
adversaries in Cold War II.  One might also note that Snowden has
always spoken politely of his Russian hosts but has not made any
overtly pro-Russian propaganda broadcasts.

@_date: 2015-10-15 12:41:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for $50, 000, 000 
Hash: SHA1
"Your true diddler winds up all with a grin. But this nobody sees
but himself. He grins when his daily work is donewhen his
allotted labors are accomplishedat night in his own closet, and
altogether for his own private entertainment. He goes home. He
locks his door. He divests himself of his clothes. He puts out his
candle. He gets into bed. He places his head upon the pillow. All
this done, and your diddler grins. This is no hypothesis. It is a
matter of course. I reason a priori, and a diddle would be no
diddle without a grin."
- - Edgar Allan Poe, Diddling Considered as One Of The Exact Sciences

@_date: 2015-10-18 14:08:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Snowden on the Twitters 
Hash: SHA1
Ask not how to do everything you can to reduce State and corporate
surveillance of your doings on the Internet.  Ask rather, how to
do everything you can to make your use of the Internet damage the
interests of State and corporate actors, more than their
surveillance and responses to same can damage you.
We do not pursue "freedom" because it is easy.  We pursue
"freedom" because it is hard - and should not be.

@_date: 2015-10-02 13:57:58
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Snowden on the Twitters 
Hash: SHA1
The cost also depends on the scope of targeted communications:
Leaked NSA docs indicate that persistent full take collection and
retention against /visitors/ to specified websites is initiated
automatically.  MITM against the servers in question, for
surveillance AND content modification in transit against some
specified end users, is well within the budgets and tech
capabilities of the FVEYE States.

@_date: 2015-10-01 21:54:09
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: freedom.press, also the firstlook/intercept... 
Hash: SHA1
I am not inclined to believe that a "simple zip file" can be
downloaded anonymously, without employing extraordinary OpSec
procedures that would incidentally render javascript useless for
tracking purposes.  Not if the adversaries in your threat model
include any official agency of any of the FVEYE countries, or any
of the major private contractors working with them.
The network itself is the trap, with or without javascript, with
or without obfuscation via TOR or etc.  I would be much more
concerned with the handling of those downloaded files on the local
machine - if a trap is suspected, zero day exploits hidden in the
files should be assumed.

@_date: 2015-10-09 13:00:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The GCHQ Cryptome slide could be a mockup/disinfo 
Hash: SHA1
And all because somebody got bent out of shape over comments made
re attempting to challenge the attribution of a "leaked" document?
 That amounts to less than an ant fart in a tornado, in context?
Lest we forget, the original PRISM slides were, at minimum,
heavily altered by the Guardian and/or Post.  Everyone who was
paying any real attention at the time knows it.  No firestorm of
controversy followed.
... although it did influence my own early conclusions about the
Snowden Affair, which have evolved a bit in response to subsequent
events.  Even so, I'm not the least embarrassed by any mistakes I
may have made:

@_date: 2015-10-08 16:19:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The GCHQ Cryptome slide could be a mockup/disinfo 
I think we have arrived at a "feeding the trolls" state here...

@_date: 2015-10-14 15:27:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How to minimize one's damage in case the usa kicks the bucket? 
Hash: SHA1
This reinforces my own advice, to build trust relationships and a
base of relevant skills and experience in the real world.
Altruism, mentioned earlier, is hard wired into that; otherwise,
you don't get the trust relationships or the assistance necessary
to get relevant skills and experience.  Natural selection has
given humans a strong predisposition for sharing and mutual aid;
it takes generations to beat it out of a population, and even then
it just keeps popping right back up.
Everyone's a politician on the make; the more honest ones call
themselves anarchists.

@_date: 2015-10-05 11:18:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How to minimize one's damage in case the usa kicks the bucket? 
Hash: SHA1
Good ideas in this thread so far.  What I would add is, get the F
away from population centers; they are very hungry machines that
will start to fail in very bad ways whenever any of their major
inputs are substantially reduced for more than a few weeks - even
without panic and martial law factored in.
On moving way out of town:  Sooner is better, because as the
industrial economy crumbles everyone will get the same bright idea
and that land ain't empty.  It's occupied by communities where it
takes time to learn the human landscape and build trust
relationships.  On arrival start working to establish oneself in
an economic role that will continue to pay off in the form of
mutual aid and bartering of labor and commodities, as the value of
Federal Reserve Notes spirals down.
As for cash money, I like silver way more than gold:  People will
kill you much sooner for gold than silver, and the value of silver
has been steadily rising due to industrial applications drawing
down the world supply faster than mining is able to replace it.
Another thing to think about is identifying technology that will
stay relevant to the practical concerns of feeding and housing
people in your local economy when international supply chains go
sideways for months or years at a time.  Learn what is and isn't
important by getting involved in the actual work, and get on top
of how to run and fix that stuff, /then/ stockpile spare parts and
In short, start building the world of 2100 today.  It's going to
be built one way or another; early adopters will have more
problems to solve and go down more blind alleys, but that's the
price of coming out on top in the long run.

@_date: 2015-10-08 11:18:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome has been leaking its user logs for over a year 
Hash: SHA1
The overall message I get from JYA's impressionistic essays on
network security is that in his view there ain't no such animal.
Add to this the well established security axiom across all
contexts, "a trusted entity is one that can break your security
model."  In the present context, trusting Cryptome to protect your
privacy is a sucker bet:  Either you don't care, or your own OpSec
is up to that task, or you are screwed.  This context makes the
issue at hand an object lesson in stating the obvious.
A rented, public facing, vendor configured and maintained web
server instance appears to be 'leaking' its http logs to world +
dog.  That would mean data that is supposed to be available only
to a few dozen intelligence services, tech support guise and
marketing departments is world readable.  A level playing field
with equal access for all is worse than one where access is
monopolized by a clusterfuck of privileged players why?

@_date: 2015-10-13 21:27:50
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Trying to invoke Godwin's law for some threads on this so called list 
Hash: SHA1
Godwin's Law:  A convention which seeks to protect anyone or
anything that behaves like the NSDAP or Germany under Hitler from
criticism, by declaring comparisons between present day actors and
the Nazi regime categorically illegitimate.
My take:  Fuck a bunch of "Godwin's Law."  Call a spade a spade,
or even a goddamned SHOVEL if that fits the situation.

@_date: 2015-10-22 01:30:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Suggest High-Signal Crew Ditch This for Reddit 
Hash: SHA1
Something I have seen a lot of is professional promotion of
obviously bogus "conspiracy theories" in forums where some of the
more embarrassing excesses of our Deep State and Security Service
get up to are openly and accurately discussed. Maybe it's just
advertising targeting a demographic; there's always a click-bait
website at the source. Or maybe it's stink-marking to repel fence
sitting Liberals who might be edging toward radicalization, or at
least help them remember that subjects they have been taught to
lie to themselves about are "things those ignorant idiots believe."
Either way, same result: The networks are a battlefield and those
who don't come prepared leave disinformed if not brainwashed. Twas
ever thus; what do you say to a person who asks you for a
"trustworthy and accurate news source"?
I tell them there ain't no such thing, and shove a copy of this in
their general direction in hope that it might occasionally do some
Hope springs eternal...

@_date: 2015-10-18 11:20:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How To Survive The "Deep State" 
Hash: SHA1
I assumed this:  This essay describes the Deep State as "national policy decisions
... being forged by a small group of power elite ... bound
together by shared class interests" and "the political process as
being dominated by corporate interests which coalesce into
factions and compete to guide policy."
The TPP and similar deals under negotiation indicate that the
'establishment' in question is trans-national.  The content of
these negotiations indicates that its agenda is, as always, more
money and power for the ruling class at any expense to anyone else.
I just call it real life.
Per my own pet theories, today's Deep State will self destruct by
virtue of its own existence:  Unbreakable commitments vs. Laws o'
Thermodynamics, never mind the details.  In that model, the actual
"fall" of the Deep State is already in progress, as part of a
complex and turbulent transitional period with historically
unprecedented features.  We do live in interesting times.
One of the most interesting political features of today's novel
social landscape is the Internet:  Analysis and exploitation of
group behavior in this new medium is all the rage in propaganda,
PsyOps and marketing disciplines.  Instant many to many mass
communication is inherently biased to facilitate popular
uprisings; among other things it breaks the State & Corporate
monopoly on propaganda, and enables rapid ad hoc organization and
large scale action by segments of the great unwashed public.
Pushing back agaisnt State efforts to control "problems" created
by Internet is a job for...  um...  isn't the word cyber-something?

@_date: 2015-10-17 17:39:44
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How To Survive The "Deep State" 
Hash: SHA1
Thanks for the heads up - the last time you posted part 1, I found i
I would say the author was politically naive.  His list of reforms
that a hypothetical Dictator of the United States could implement
to fix things, essentially consists of abolishing the functions of
the State in one sweeping blow, and (presumably) letting the
infallible Market replace them with something better.  But then I
realized he was pushing offshore Real Estate by promoting the idea
that "nothing can be done" to improve conditions in the U.S.
He also seems like applying the Laws O' Physics to large scale
human problems, which I'm all for.  But he manages to breeze right
past the inconvenient truth that a human population crash will be
well underway by the end of the century if not WAY sooner; I guess
that would make overseas Real Estate sound less desirable as a
retirement solution.
In re the Deep State, I'm all about "destroy the motherfucker," as
that's a guaranteed winning position:  It has already destroyed
itself, in that no human agency will be able to turn it from the
course it is committed to:  Perpetual exponential growth inside a
closed container.
The question is, how to "destroy the motherfucker" in a manner
that makes things better instead of worse?  Or, how best to
mitigate the human costs of the Deep State's self destruction.  My
preferred solution:  A revival of populist politics, in the sense
of large numbers of "regular folks" doing whatever it takes to
steal back some useful amount of the power that their rulers have
stolen from them over the last ... um ... history of Western
Here's some docs about that, the kind of info that's surprisingly
hard to dig up even from "radical" sources:
Of course, the resulting Utopia would at best be the "least bad"
of available options. I don't expect a world that anyone will ever
call "the Good Old Days" to appear before about 2150 at the soonest.

@_date: 2015-10-25 17:38:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: list sans smtp spillage 
Hash: SHA1
War is public murder for private profit.  I don't know of any
counter-examples.  Again we are up against a collective psychosis,
normalized by a long history of public acceptance and elaborate
rationalizations.  Sometimes one sees Bad Guys vs. Worse Guys, but
whenever it's Guys vs. Guys the best that can be accomplished is
some amount of damage control.  Everyone who takes up arms to
settle the disputes of their rulers and de facto owners is a
traitor to the human race as a whole.
The "fog of war" has another name, propaganda, and all sides of
every armed conflict write press releases to establish that their
only motive is "necessary self defence," or the currently popular
"responsibility to protect others."  The other side of every armed
conflict always started it, and the regular folks on the other
side of that border deserve whatever happens to them because they
failed to stop it.
Too much factual information about war results in large numbers of
people banding together to have a go at kicking the war machine to
pieces.  So never mind that "ain't gonna study war no more" crap;
study the fuck out of war and encourage others to do likewise.

@_date: 2015-10-25 16:00:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: list sans smtp spillage 
Hash: SHA1
Always room for one more on the Group W bench.  :D

@_date: 2015-10-25 15:58:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: list sans smtp spillage 
Hash: SHA1
IIRC there were, though of course not on a scale to rival Pol Pot
& Co.  However, that's beside the point:  I was talking about
Amerikan politics, not Asian history.

@_date: 2015-10-25 15:58:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: list sans smtp spillage 
Hash: SHA1
IIRC there were, though of course not on a scale to rival Pol Pot
& Co.  However, that's beside the point:  I was talking about
Amerikan politics, not Asian history.

@_date: 2015-10-25 14:41:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: list sans smtp spillage 
Hash: SHA1
Now y'all done set me off.  Stand back, I'm a gonna RANT.
I'm a think Cari would be right at home on the Group W bench, and
I don't think anyone will call her "moral enough to join the Army
and burn women kids houses and villages" after being listed as a
troll and/or spammer on Cypherpunks.
In the English language, every meaning of the word "fuck," except
one, references violence or damage.  I'm gonna fuck you up, he
really got fucked over, they fucked us out of it, this fucking
shit sucks.  "Fuck you" is an expression of anger or challenge.
Conversational use of the word "fuck" is commonplace in the
military services and among economically and otherwise repressed
minority populations, but much less so in "polite" society where
all forms of routine violence are kept out of sight or at least
have lace doilies on top of them.
I have long held that the true meaning of "fuck" reflects a
profound social psychosis, normalized through centuries of common
usage and elaborate rationalizations, where sex IS violence.  When
the word "violence" is understood in the context of Anarchist or
Libertarian ideology as "violation" of the personal integrity of
another by force, deception or strategic subterfuge, numerous
everyday examples of sexual assault, sexual repression and sexual
exploitation come to mind.  (Voice over, Eric Idle:  "Now we see
the violence inherent in the system!")
I got no time for "Liberal Feminism" 'cause that word Liberal
denotes a "loyal opposition" to Establishment institutions based
on violence.  Liberals complain politely to their rulers, and are
kind to people they personally know, so it's not their fault if
their path to personal comfort and security is paved with the
bones of murdered children.
The Women's Lib faction of the New Left complained rudely, and set
their sights on personal power and dominance, vs. the mere comfort
and security that their Liberal counterparts still aspire to:  A
"radical movement" with not one bad thing to say about mass murder
as long as their favored team is doing it.
The fall of Saigon and what came after provides a wonderful
"teachable moment" in U.S. political history:  A coalition of
Pacifist using Joan Baez as their front man took out a full page
ad in the Times, calling out Hanoi for carrying out massive purges
in "south" Vietnam.  A coalition of New Left groups using Hanoi
Jane as their front man responded with a full page ad in the
Times, calling out the Pacifists as counter-revolutionary running
dogs and congratulating their comrades in arms overseas.
I am an Emma Goldman and/or Simone de Beauvoir kind of feminist. I
was apparently born to be an anarchist, and I like people, so this
alignment is more or less inevitable.

@_date: 2015-10-29 19:23:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks is broken - Welcome to Secret Admirers 
Hash: SHA1
I like the Cryptonomicon reference, it gives the whole thing a
'homey' atmosphere. Very disarming.

@_date: 2015-10-30 22:52:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Shiny stuff and designer societies (addenda) 
Hash: SHA1
The word "collectivism" carries a lot of baggage, as it has been
flown as a banner over many authoritarian, violent dictatorships
"of the proletariat."  But the base concept of concern for the
well being of one's community as integral to one's own well being
has also been called compassion, honor and common sense.
Darwinian evolution does not favor the me-first individualist,
however strong, dominant, awesome, etc. that individual may be.
Humans have a genetic predisposition to form families, villages
and tribes, to identify with them and hold the interests of the
group at co-equal to self interest.  Purely self centered motives
are socially pathological, and Darwinian evolution selects against
this trait:  Because the awesome dominance of the "fittest" has
negative long term survival value, compared to those who work at
maintaining a strong, resilient community that provides a
favorable environment for the whole community's progeny out to the
Nth generation.  When the smartest guys in the room tell us
otherwise, they are not mistaken:  They are lying.  The more power
is afforded to purely self-interested socioeconomic "winners," the
more their actions damage the long term viability of the community.
Big problems arise when unnaturally large "communities," i.e.
States exist, because they can not exist without the services of
an elite group of political and economic power brokers who provide
millions (!) of subjects with a convincing illusion of "community"
with people they will never meet in real life.  Deception alone
won't do the job, so armed guards must also be employed to enforce
the orders of these facilitators.  Viola:  Rent-seeking absentee
landlords, serving their own interests at the expense of the
ersatz "communities" they rule.  It's all downhill from there.
"Democracy" so-called, an attempt at community self regulation
among strangers who will never meet, does not scale well.  My
favorite historical example is the response of Iceland and the
United States to the "financial crisis" of 2008.  Iceland,
population 1/3 million, responded as a human community, "regulated
the regulators" and has since jailed corrupt bankers who failed to
flee the country in time.  The United States, population 360+
million, responded as directed by the perpetrators of a massive
fraud, and rewarded them handsomely for their efforts.
Any -ism that is proposed to replace the policies of an existing
large State without eliminating that State, promising Utopian
outcomes, is at best a shockingly ignorant error in judgement.
But it is more likely a deliberate swindle backed by socially
pathological "individuals" and interest groups.  If the -ism
involves a large State with a putative monopoly on violence (as
violation: robbery, kidnapping, murder), it's just one more brand
label and PR campaign for Fascism.
Any -ism that proposes breaking up large States into small,
independent communities governed without delegating decision
making authority to "representatives" is difficult to implement
anywhere the modern State has taken root.  Intellectual types
rarely approve of any such scheme, because it would mean trusting
people to "do the right thing" of their own accord, without
morally and mentally superior guidance from On High.  But I am
confident that people who implement such schemes where and as
possible stand the best chance of producing societies worth living
in.  We are heading into a global industrial and human population
crash that will produce numerous local opportunities to do just that
And that's why I look forward to the End Of The World with
considerable optimism.  By definition the real "collectivists"
will be the long term winners, and I don't think that will be a
Bad Thing.

@_date: 2015-10-30 01:06:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Shiny stuff and designer societies (addenda) 
Hash: SHA1
Conflict resolution and nonviolent strategy training emphasize the
value of "I statements" because they personalize what one is
saying rather than appealing to some "authority" such as the
imagined Will of the People, the rules in a game nobody present
has volunteered to play, etc.  I like I statements, if only
because they make it all about me.
(To be spoken in the voice of Max Headroom:)  Ah, freedom. Such a
glittering generality! It makes me want to march in a parade!
The longevity of a culture tends to be inversely proportional to
the power of entirely self centered individuals in that culture.
Any collaborative action that's entirely individual centered
evolves into a murder/suicide machine, even if it does not start
out as one.  Lookit the good ole U.S.A. after 35 years of
Reganomics and Greed Is Good business ethics and corporate
Darwinian evolution does not favor the greedy, self-interested
individual. Darwinian evolution favors clusters of individuals
whose predisposition to take care of others assures that their Nth
generation progeny have the best shot at survival because they are
supported by a stable and resilient community.  When "the smartest
guys in the room" say otherwise, they are not mistaken:  They are
Collaborative actions based on a sane balance between individual
and community interests are possible, history provides numerous
examples at scales ranging from the family and village to tribe
and nation.  With the exception of defective individuals, human
beings are naturally inclined to form communities, to identify
with those communities, and to work in the common interests of
those communities.  I call the people who lack this natural
inclination "defective" as their actions tend toward negative
impacts on group survival in the long term.
Today we have a really big problem in the form of really big
countries:  Human communities do not scale to that size.  Compare
the "community values" performance of Iceland, population 1/3
million, to the performance of the good ole U.S.A., population
360+ million.
Attempts to scale community values to the size of a large country
always involve creating administrative classes, insular
communities of professionals in commercial and political
governance who facilitate artificial "bonds of community" between
massive numbers of strangers who will never meet.  Viola, rent
seeking absentee landlords who employ armed guards to enforce
their orders.  If communities regulated by these institutions are
small enough, it is possible for the people to regulate their
regulators; but somewhere between 1/3 and 300 million population,
the balance of power shifts disastrously toward the managerial
class, which becomes a ruling class.
Expositions of political theory are supposed to end with a formula
for creating Utopian outcomes, and a call to action.  Sorry, I'm
out of stock on those items and the shop down the street was
busted for selling toxic imitations.  But I do think that those
who occupy themselves with building, maintaining and defending
sane communities, where and as opportunities to do so arise, will
be big winners compared to those who remain attached to
authoritarian top-down rule by any name.

@_date: 2015-11-12 14:23:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: New functionality of Facebook 
Hash: SHA1
[ ... ]
Reference to The Facebook's interaction with one's e-mail accounts
reminds me of the system's persistent attempts to obtain an all
access pass to peoples' e-mail accounts.  For about a year The
Facebook;s login process asked for the password to the e-mail
address I provided when creating an account:  Just so they could
gank my address book and spam everyone on it to "Friend" me, or so
the pop-up said.
There's a lot to dislike about The Facebook, but I do my best to
assure that my participation causes more harm to the opposition
team than to my own interests.  They do get a constantly updated
map of a big chunk of my real-world social network, and that kind
of collection used to cost money and deplete finite resources
dammit.  But then, so did reaching a receptive audience with
anarchist propaganda and commentary, so, I figure it for a
break-even proposition.

@_date: 2015-11-09 12:15:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Suggest High-Signal Crew Ditch This for Reddit 
Hash: SHA1
My version is "Peace, Freedom and Justice, pick any two."

@_date: 2015-11-11 20:38:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Ethical Tor 
Hash: SHA1
My ISP is a proven malicious actor, actively cooperating with even
more malicious actors.  Whether and how this is relevant depends
entirely on the threat model I am addressing:  Specific assets vs.
known classes of adversaries, in the context of my use case.

@_date: 2015-11-13 03:07:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cpunk Propaganda To Reach The Sheeple [New functionality of Facebook] 
Hash: SHA1
"Liberals," so-called, are not cardboard cutouts; they are human
beings.  Two value reasoning, the passionate belief that the
Left/Right axis describes real world politics, and judging others
accordingly makes one a helpless cripple in the political sphere.
 That's why Amerikans have been so carefully and thoroughly taught
to see and respond to the world around them through that frame of
Political attitude surveys consistently show a popular mandate for
what most would call Socialist economic policies and institutions
in the U.S.  Of course, in a Fascist State ruled by an
astronomically wealthy oligarchy, no such thing is allowed.  Hence
the novelty and extraordinary popular appeal of Bernie Sanders.  I
expect his failure to deliver will radicalize a rather large
number of people who would presently be described as Liberal.  I
know from observation that the Obama deception had that effect.
Just a cognitive bias toward well documented evidence and lessons
of personal experience, and a lifetime of studying the art and
science of propaganda.
I got hooked on propaganda when I was 11 or 12 and never lost
interest.  Propaganda is the principal formative influence on
social norms and political beliefs in the media-saturated
"developed" nations.  No one escapes the influence of propaganda,
but those who do not study propaganda will be controlled by it.

@_date: 2015-11-12 21:32:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cpunk Propaganda To Reach The Sheeple [New functionality of Facebook] 
Hash: SHA1
Promoting news, propaganda, links to offsite documents and
archives "of interest," etc. is easy, fun, and necessary.  But one
should not neglect the shoe leather aspects of the game.  I have
been involved with "political activism" off and on since the
1970s, and I never saw anything like the revival of Anarchy
following Occupy.
In my view Occupy was a tremendous success, because the camps
became venues for intensive political education and practical
training that changed the nature of radical politics and populist
actions in the U.S.  We still have many miles left to go, but at
least something's finally on the move again.
The anarchist veterans of Occupy seem to be the glue that holds a
lot of today's ad hoc activist coalitions together, because Occupy
taught its participants how to run consensus driven groups, and
gave them practical experience in organizing and executing public
events in a spectrum from "family friendly" to rude and
The Obama abomination stirred up a lot of middle class Liberals;
their demographic is now well represented in public events that
have little or nothing to do with partisan politics. The Bernie
business is likely to bring a large wave of mad as hell, not gonna
take it any more adults out of the woodwork. From every hundred or
so who show up for a well organized public event sponsored by
radicals, three or four are likely to stick and help run the next on
"Anarchy finds work for idle hands."  Everybody has their own jobs
to do, determined by their interests, abilities and motivations. A
keyboard and mouse may be enough for some folks, and those who do
it well contribute a lot of value.  But the ones who get up on
their feet and down to the street will be the ones who actually
change something.  How can a local community voluntarily blow up
the bridge over the swamp and raise their own flag, without a
process for consensus and people who know how to beat some
practical results out of the resulting clusterfuck?
"Training tomorrow's trainers and challenging tomorrow's leaders"
is widely recognized as Serious Business:  Anyone who can find a
functional radical crew, jump on board and stars contributing real
work will be brought along pretty quickly.

@_date: 2015-11-20 17:06:16
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Privacy Wiki 
Hash: SHA1
Truecrypt is not extinct.  Before its developers decided to stop
working on it, Truecrypt was considered adequately secure for
practical applications.  After its developers decided to stop
working on it, Truecrypt is considered adequately secure for
practical applications.
Nothing changed, except that if you don't have a copy of Truecrypt
you will have to find one can be verified as authentic via digital
signatures made from known good packages.  This is not hard, so if
you can not do it you should not trust /any/ cryptographic tool
until you have learned more about network security.
A recent in-depth security audit of Truecrpt found room for
improvement but no "show stoppers."  A more recent report asserts
that Truecrypt is "insecure" on Microsoft operating systems.
Examination of that claim reveals that the Microsoft operating
systems themselves, not Truecrypt, contain the security flaw in
question.  Where "security" is a major concern the use of
Microsoft products is ruled out, due to the availability of much
more secure alternatives; so this particular claim is not relevant.
Truecrypt will eventually become obsolete due to changes in the
operating systems is can be used with, as its predecessor
Scramdisk eventually became obsolete after development stopped.
It makes sense for Truecrypt users to start looking at alternative
tools now, and plan for a smooth transition away from Truecrypt at
their convenience.  Other posts in this thread mention several
But the sky has not fallen and there is no particular reason to be
in a big hurry to dump Truecrypt right now.

@_date: 2015-11-22 21:17:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Russia bans purchase of foreign non-niche software in Russian state agencies 
Hash: SHA1
[... ]
That's the way both military and commercial contracting usually
works in the U.S. as well:  The vendor makes a deal with the
purchasing agent, x units for y dollars, informally and off the
record.  Then the purchasing agent revises the specification so
that only the vendor in question can qualify.  The competitive
bidding process then proceeds normally, on the record, and as far
as the audit trail is concerned it's all perfectly legal.
The kickbacks are laundered in various ways; the most popular
method for military purchasing agents is for the vendors to hire
them as consultants when they leave the service, with
extraordinary pay and bonuses for little to no work performed.
Lots of other scams are also used, but the system described above
is probably the most widely used.

@_date: 2015-11-30 16:46:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Mandatory Access Control ? 
Hash: SHA1
A feature comparison;
Yet another option:  Create your own 'Live DVD' from a shiny new
security-enhanced OS instance, use encrypted R/W media for data
file persistence.  Anything that does climb out of its sandbox
won't persist beyond the current session.

@_date: 2015-12-14 20:50:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Who we are up against 
Hash: SHA1
Ding!  Another customer enters the shop...
[ ... ]
Indeed they do.  In a context where the test subjects are
self-selected (volunteers) from a population and culture deeply
committed to elaborate, labor intensive submission to authority
(college students), with "the boss" hovering over them demanding
compliance (politely of course), most will continue "only
following orders" to the point of endangering the lives of
anonymous strangers.
I'm not sure this generalizes to describe the behavior of whole
populations in the wild, though.  Certainly, every country of any
size has more than enough pathological "followers" to field
military forces, run concentration camps, etc.  But I think "60%
to 90%" of any population is a very high estimate.
Nope:  I was expressly talking about "Those who comply most
eagerly", not the much larger number whose compliance is marginal,
grudging, or largely pretended.
You'll get no arguments from me on that point:  If I could find a
way to put that on a paying basis, I would probably not be flat
broke today.
Major clue:  The most persistent and effective populist resistance
movements have emerged from religious communities.  Our
adversaries understand this well, and spare no expense promoting
atheism to the demographic groups most likely to engage in
political activism.
Terminally corrupt, easily bought clergy - a minority among that
occupation - are kept front and center in public view by mass
media outlets, for the dual purpose of alienating as many 'natural
born rebels' as possible from religion in general, and recruiting
as many 'natural born killers' as possible into a "God and
Country" eg. God IS Country cult paradigm.
More obvious to the general public:  As an example consider the
unprecedented mass media coverage of violent crimes by police
officers, and social network propaganda campaigns like those run
by Black Lives Matter, Cop Watch, etc.
Likewise, Liberals and Conservatives are acutely aware of mass
scale economic crimes by our rulers:  The Liberals are taught to
blame Capitalism and the Conservatives to blame Socialism.  The
real perpetrators are billionaires who use Capitalist or Socialist
models where and as they provide maximum advantage; as long as the
general public fails to recognize this the game can continue - but
no matter what, the looting of national economies and attendant
reductions in the rewards of obedience continues.
I have not proposed violent excesses, I have observed them.  Big
History:  Satyagraha, Civil Rights, People Power and the Zapatista
movement never happened?  The Dutch did not bring Nazification of
their country to a grinding halt, and Iceland is still controlled
by a gang of criminal bankers?
As rationalizations go, imagining State and Corporate actors to be
all-powerful and civil society weak and helpless, is a GREAT
excuse for personal non-action.  That's why State aligned actors
consistently present these Big Lies as Eternal Truths.
An angry fighter is a losing fighter.  Things that are not "OK"
are in fact explainable, and if your explanations accurately model
the causes of Bad Things, they will enable you to develop
effective strategies for reducing or eliminating those Bad Things.
We have all been taught that Bad Things are done by Bad People,
and that the universal solution is to identify, hate, and destroy
those Bad People.  We are taught this by propagandists employed by
Bad People, so that our responses to the bad things they do will
be self defeating.  The same naive beliefs are essential for
promoting wars of economic conquest, where people must be
persuaded that certain foreign leaders are Bad People who must be
hated and destroyed.
As for removing the promised rewards of full compliance with
illegitimate authority, that is a self-solving problem if one
waits long enough.  Right now in the former Western Democracies,
those rewards are being removed by the ruling class, via wholesale
looting of national economies at the fastest pace that will not
cause them to immediately collapse.
This looting is necessary to sustain the exponential growth of
corporate enterprise, which is necessary to its own survival and
to the financial ambitions of our billionaires:  The exponential
growth of the global industrial economy has reached hard limits
imposed by geophysics; the only way to keep our billionaires'
portfolios growing is redistribution of wealth from the poor and
middle classes to the very rich.
What I mean by "this" requires the context of the paragraph the
sentence above has been removed from:  "This" is the growing gap
between rewards promised and rewards delivered, in return for
committed compliance with the demands of illegitimate authority.
You might say that I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one.
Power creates authority.  Authority is the exercise of expressly
defined power.
Something "works" when it has the desired effect in practical
I'm a think I wandered into Monty Python's Argument Clinic.  The
best I can hope for is to avoid 'being hit in the head lessons.'
I hate to say it, but yes.  Example:
Bear in mind that she was a volunteer.  She could have stood down
at any moment.
My position is that holding oneself to be inherently superior to
most of the human race is elitist.
If you refer to my first post in this thread, you won't find a
hissy fit.  You will find a simple statement about my dislike for
the term 'sheeple'.
Ooh, I'm gonna get it now!  :D
Sure, as long as we are clear that the entity making that
statement is a human.  Personally, I imagine that humans in
general, and you in particular, are much more than that.

@_date: 2015-12-03 20:05:16
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: essential understanding - Kafkatrapping 
Hash: SHA1
[ ... ]
[ ... ]
"Kafkatrapping" a.k.a. guilt tripping by advocates of various
social and economic reform agendas is a losing strategy.  Among
naive followers attracted to activist causes, it encourages
contempt and hostility toward audiences they must reach and
influence in order to achieve their movement's goals.  Guilt
tripping may persuade some weak minded outsiders to submissively
fall in line with the movement's agenda, but reliably alienates
opinion leaders and non-aligned activists whose support is
necessary for the movement's growth and success.  Effective
activist leaders focus on building mutually supportive
relationships with their audiences; paid infiltrators, careerists
and volunteer egomaniacs focus on dividing their audiences into
mutually hostile armed camps.
Guilt tripping is elitism.  It makes the ignorant conformist
follower feel superior, at the cost of alienating key audiences
whose support is essential for the movement's success.
The grievances of reform movements are always objections to the
abuse of power by those who have it.  Those who have power want to
keep it, and they are well positioned to employ political warfare
assets including helpful State Security services and the Public
Relations industry.  Their clandestine operators work to degrade
reform movement messaging, divide reform movement supporters, and
turn as much of the general public as possible against reform
movements.  Broadcast media outlets work to assure that the most
divisive messaging from a "movement" reaches the general public
first and loudest.  Consistent, persistent guilt trip messaging
from a reform movement reliably indicates the presence and
influence of actors inside the movement who are opposed to the
movement's stated objectives.
Effective political activists do not use or tolerate guilt
tripping, simply because it is counter productive.  Blanket
personal condemnation of one's fellow humans can and should be
called out whenever seen, on the basis that it is both factually
wrong and strategically "less than useless."

@_date: 2015-12-12 17:52:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange believes too late for any pervasive privacy 
Hash: SHA1
Collection of metadata sufficient to reconstruct all of the above
activities in detail is not compatible with privacy.  Neither is
full take collection triggered by rule sets defining "interesting"
behavior, i.e. the use of 'privacy enhancing' technologies,
reading about Linux, etc. (per published USG docs that are
"generally accepted" as real).  You don't have to act like an
idiot to lose your "privacy," and relative to State actors it
already happened.
You can have some semblance of privacy on the Internet, for
instance reducing the take of commercial surveillance operations
by selectively blocking ad servers and whitelising a limited
number of sites to run Javascript in your browser.  You can have
more by using technologies that are "too hard" or "too
inconvenient" for non-specialists to put up with, i.e. TOR, i2p,
GPG, etc.
Privacy supporters who understand network security, understand
that any activity they want to conceal from all surveillance
actors must either be conducted off the network, or via
"anonymizing technology" that degrades network access to a lesser
or greater extent (100% in instances involving two way
communication with people who do not know or care about these
matters), while being observed and recorded by actors hostile to
If CPunks subscribers don't know that, what chance of 'privacy'
does the greater unwashed publick stand?

@_date: 2015-12-12 17:28:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange believes too late for any pervasive privacy 
Hash: SHA1
I don't think network surveillance had much to do with it, but in
terms of political warfare 'on the field', I believe I have seen
examples recently.  Example:
When the grand jury verdict clearing the cop who shot Michael
Brown was announced, there was a very large but orderly
demonstration in downtown Ferguson.  We know this because people
who were present posted photos and videos as it happened.
According to realtime reports posted from the scene, crowd was
ordered to disperse then immediately tear gassed.  That wasn't the
"hot story" covered by the press corps, however.
Mass media news outlets reported rioting:  USA Today used the
headline "Ferguson Burning."  But that didn't happen.  The only
"civil disturbance" was the CW attack on the crowd downtown.
The material events referenced by the propaganda narrative were
consistent with one or two mobile teams armed with molotovs and
M-80 firecrackers leading the TV cameras on a merry chase away
from the crowd downtown by simulating gunfire and setting fires:
The isolated fires were not associated with disorderly crowds or
looting. There were numerous reports of gunfire but no injuries or
reports of people seen carrying guns or shooting.  The biggest
fires were at an auto parts store, and a used car dealership where
a row of cars were burned (the owner presumably got the full
insured value of some stock that wasn't moving).  One police car
apparently burned for over an hour, as if prepared in advance to
do so in case it took longer than expected for TV news crews to
In this instance, it is very possible that network surveillance
enabled our Security Services to determine in advance that there
would be a large crowd that night, at a well organized
self-policing event unlikely to produce violence or property
damage useful to the State's propaganda mission.  Anyone could
have predicted the crowd, but its orderly behavior was not a
likely guess unless the organizers and associated social
networking traffic were under surveillance.

@_date: 2015-12-11 23:55:26
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange believes too late for any pervasive privacy 
Hash: SHA1
Oh, a few little things...  Job hunting, marketing one's products
and services, comparison shopping, commercial and educational
research, distributing propaganda, conventional and radical
political organizing, 24/7 access to a library that dwarfs all
previous ones in history combined...
A highly productive "office worker's desk" that fits in a small
tote bag has its uses as well.
Just for starters check out CopWatch, referenced in my earlier
post.  We might also factor in a half dozen or so investigative
journalism outlets, document distribution sites like Cryptome and
Public Intelligence, one's news aggregators of choice, access to
foreign press outlets, various spook watching sites, the mass of
raw data contributed by Manning, Snowden et al...
The Internet is billions of people, interacting through the
world's first many-to-many communications medium.  The "Web 2.0"
buzzword denotes a real thing:  Millions of users as content
creators and content promoters, the appearance (as predicted) of
swarming behaviors on the networks with social and economic
impacts in the real world, smart mobs, pathologically stupid mobs,
etc. etc.
Micro$oft's latest and greatest incarnation of PowerPoint.  Works
in Open / Libre Office, and I can't be bothered to convert the
file to ASCII art for security purposes...
- From this I can only you don't take any interest in politics, or
your definition of the word is very different from mine. or that
you just don't use the Internet much.
Yes it will.  But will that be a sufficient advantage to
compensate for the ones our rulers lost when the Internet became
too important to commerce to "just turn it off"?  Little Brother
is watching Them, and there are enough /clever/ Little Brothers
(and Sisters) out there looking to pull Big Brother's pants down
that they are becoming a real world problem.
Yes, it gives the opposition a potentially useful tool.  As there
are FAR too many dissidents of various types wandering around
loose for it to be possible to personally persecute more than a
tiny fraction of them, the main value of mass surveillance is for
aggregate content analysis, social network mapping, and predictive
modelling of large scale social behavior.  This may be useful for
targeting and calibration of propaganda, and advance deployment of
physical assets to counter populist political actions.  But so
far, Big Brother seems to suck at that kind of work...
Do the new surveillance capabilities the Internet gives military
and police agencies outweigh the educational, intelligence,
propaganda and organizational capabilities the Internet has given
to radicals of all stripes?  That remains to be seen, but I am
fairly sure that obsessive attention to "privacy" shifts the
balance of power somewhat toward those whose whole job is to
maintain the status quo.
Of course, any political organizer with any common sense knows
well enough when to keep some specific information OFF the
networks and out of the hands of uncommitted "hang arounds" at
public meetings.
Very old.  Sometimes I wonder, "when did I get so damned old?"  I
watched Mercury and Gemini launches from my back yard.
I didn't start the "age based" comments, but srsly, it doesn't
take THAT much effort to find plenty of clever young radicals to
play with IRL - if you're OK with exposing your identity as a
"political dissident" on teh interwebs.

@_date: 2015-12-11 18:02:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange believes too late for any pervasive privacy 
Hash: SHA1
The power to give and withhold permission for others to see you
varies with circumstances.  In an environment where this power is
inherently weak or intermittent, you are "in the game" whether you
want to be or not; the only alternative is to isolate yourself
from resources native to the privacy-hostile environment.  Most of
the participants in the privacy-hostile networked world consider
the resources found there indispensable.
However, to whatever extent you participate in an environment
where arbitrary enforcement of personal decisions about "privacy"
is often impossible, a purely defensive game is most likely a long
term losing strategy for society at large:  The practical
advantages of participating in the networked world far outweigh
the perceived and, possibly, the actual harm from "loss of
privacy."  Only a few atypical individuals will be able to manage
their affairs so that the advantages of "strong privacy
protections" outweigh the costs of compensating for lost access to
The vapid idiots don't interest me, except perhaps as a study in
herd behavior.  (I find that VERY interesting...)
I mean everybody:  The morons you mention; the clever ones who
pump social and economic iron with their lookityboxes and 23 WiFi
enabled devices in arm's reach; the smart ones who use the
Internet as a University, storefront and intelligence collection
asset; the brilliant batshit crazy ones whose most contagious
ideas occasionally spread like prairie brushfires.
Tell me about it:  Those Old Farts were early adopters, because
they happened to take an unnatural interest in computers.  So a
large faction among them are capable of understanding and
implementing network security and making rational decisions about
disclosures of their activities and data to 3rd parties.
These folks, and the few /honest/ professionals in related fields,
are the only thing that keeps the Internet from clogging up with
shit from end to end and falling apart.  Well, at least we have
mostly kept it from falling apart.

@_date: 2015-12-11 16:54:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange believes too late for any pervasive privacy 
Hash: SHA1
[ ... ]
[ ... ]
[ etc. ]
Well yeah, he's only stating the obvious:  Pervasive networked
computing is here, it's growing, and historical concepts of
'privacy' are just that, historical.  But in the context of the
show, his comments focus on the archaic paradigm of "privacy" as
something that exists naturally and is violated when State actors
pry into the private affairs of individuals.  That's a narrow
viewpoint, distorted by an increasingly irrelevant context.
Today, State actors are only one group of "privacy violators,"
alongside commercial interests and the general public itself.  The
disadvantages of a world with little or no privacy are
counterbalanced by significant advantages that are inherent in a
world of "networked everything."
The Panopticon is a prison where the guards can watch the inmates
but the inmates can not watch the guards.  The Internet is a
prison where the inmates can watch each other, and the guards:
The guards do have a better view, but their powers of observation
are no longer exclusive.
Secrets that could once be kept until after their exposure could
make no difference are now breaking open before the protected
operations are completed:
CPunks will recall Cryptome's ongoing Eyeball series, and of
course, the Total Poindexter Awareness project:  Early examples of
open source intelligence collection /and/ reporting directed
against the wardens of our modern Panopticon.  Today, projects
like CopWatch are "watching the watchers" and reporting to an
audience large enough to inconvenience our Panopticon's owners.
In the last few days we have seen random nobodies manage to save
and re-publish multiple eyewitness accounts of a staged
'terrorist' attack, directly contradicting the propaganda
narrative the event was staged to support.
The availability of more and better political intelligence
formerly concealed from the public is growing exponentially.  This
is one of several drivers of fundamental change in large scale
power relationships that is causing a panic among our present
rulers.  The United States is preparing to put down major civil
uprisings inside its own borders, again in full view of interested
members of the general public.
I sometimes compare paranoid reactions to the "loss of privacy" in
the networked world to mental telepathy:  The prospect of someone
reading your mind is frightening, until it turns out that your own
deeply held secrets are not special or unusual to a telepath who
has already "seen it all" and has /far/ worse examples to compare
your most heinous and embarrassing inner thoughts and motivations
Old Farts have major problems wrapping their heads around the
concept that a world where privacy is shrinking fast and expected
to nearly disappear is a Good Thing.  People who grew up with the
Interet, not so much.

@_date: 2015-12-18 23:57:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The USA Fake Of The Moon Landings 
Hash: SHA1
Thank you for your endorsement of my efforts.  But sexual
attraction was not my intent.  :D

@_date: 2015-12-18 22:45:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The USA Fake Of The Moon Landings 
Hash: SHA1
- From cherry picking to nit picking:
1)  I'm not sure that technological and historical illiteracy
makes one a 'nutjob', but it certainly does help ordinary people
down a path paved by nutjobs.
2)  Technological and historical literacy does not quite
constitute a "party line," as it is a collective product of
numerous "parties" many of which share few if any common members
and/or agendas.

@_date: 2015-12-18 07:34:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The USA Fake Of The Moon Landings 
Hash: SHA1
[ ... ]
Illustrating once again the difference between Conspiracy Theory,
and Conspiracy Cult Belief.  One is an exercise in independent
intelligence analysis. The other is an exercise in building
rationalizations for paranoid ideation and cult beliefs.
When the going gets spooky, the spooks hit the books.  Highly

@_date: 2015-12-16 17:03:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The USA Fake Of The Moon Landings 
Hash: SHA1
It does approach that.  One of the proofs offered by Beleivers is
that it is impossible for human beings to pass through the Van
Allen belts and live.  Because they have been called "radiation"
belts and as we all know, radiation is deadly.
1969 and later, actually.  :D
Not my field, but I do know that ham radio operators using /very/
directional high gain antennas followed the missions from Earth
orbit to the surface of the Moon, listening to and recording voice
and telemetry signals.  The cost of sending transmitters to the
Moon, and maintaining a constant stream of 100% believable signals
all the way there and back, would have been quite staggering.  The
odds of this unlikely mission failing would have approached 100%
over the course of six missions.
Cheaper to build and launch a series of Saturn V launch vehicles
with LEMs and command modules on top, than to just go ahead and
send them all the way?  At minimum it would cost the same as doing
the program for real.
Also consider that part of the price of simulating an Apollo
program would have been the cost of maintaining the illusion from
beginning to end, under the watchful eyes of thousands of
engineers who thoroughly understood the systems they were working
on, documented everything they did in minute detail, and
distributed  that documentation to other equally well informed
engineers working on related systems?  It would have cost much
more to fake the program than to actually do it.
Not to mention the 100% risk of exposure, since /one/ error in the
deception would have resulted in a chain reaction leaving the
whole deception exposed to dozens, then hundreds, then thousands
of very smart, very committed, very pissed off people.  Even the
Soviets could not have kept a lid on something like that.

@_date: 2015-12-13 21:03:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The USA Fake Of The Moon Landings 
Hash: SHA1
I'll bite.  Just a couple of questions for starters:  They call
for speculation, but that seems to be OK in our present context
since the position they challenge is itself based on speculation.
How is it possible that the Soviet Union did not detect and expose
the moon landing hoaxes (there were six successful Apollo missions
to the Moon)?
How is it possible that simulating the Apollo missions could be
less expensive, or in any other way more desirable, than actually
doing them?
How is it possible that /no/ credible evidence that the Apollo
program was a hoax has surfaced by now?  All I have seen is
speculation, elevated to "evidence" in the eyes of some beholders
by confirmation bias.
Example:  No dust on the faceplate in a very famous photo of an
astronaut on the moon.  This widely distributed "proof" of a moon
landing hoax falls flat when placed in its native context:  The
propaganda extravaganza around the Apollo program produced and
published /lots/ of high quality graphics.  Time Magazine used all
the photos they really liked, without referencing which were taken
in training environments vs. on the Moon OR hesitating to
extensively retouch the "real" pictures for maximum artistic quality

@_date: 2015-12-14 07:02:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Who we are up against 
Hash: SHA1
Give people roles to play in an inherently violent system, and
whoever those people are, they will begin to do violence.  That's
a general case that scales all the way up to what happens when
"honest" politicians are given a representational democracy to run.
The best part about the Milgram experiments was that a significant
number of volunteers dropped out early.  Pity it's a bit late to
send them anarchist literature and encourage them to turn out for
public events.  :D
I was thinking more along the lines of "rebel as you are told,"
the oldest scam in the book.  As a general case, the most
productive way for a well entrenched ruling class to attack people
who dislike authority figures is to provide them with models of
rebellion that do not work:  Mass market propaganda to the rescue.
That was never my intention.  I just have a strong aversion to the
'sheeple' paradigm, which I do consider a core component of "rebel
as you are told" propaganda.
I have had occasional success.  The key concept is to avoid trying
to move people all the way from their current position to the one
you would prefer them to have at one go.  Tailor the message to
the audience and try to move them ONE step in the direction you
want to see them move.  Of course, don't neglect to preach to the
choir:  How else will they be able to get on the same page and put
on a decent show?
I have been pushing this packet of books for around a year now,
and from time to time it seems to have been well received:  It's a
course in remedial politics, intended to fill basic gaps in
people's information about how populist a.k.a. anarchist politics
actually works:
The presumption that people who are notably compliant with
illegitimate  authority have a "conscience" and fixed notions of
right and wrong is questionable.  Those who comply most eagerly
include sociopathic personalities and people who are all to easily
led due to other disorders.
The "60% to 90%" cover a spectrum from grudging, minimal
compliance to elaborate and even competitive compliance, typically
related to the degree that their individual income and social
status benefit from a show of compliance.  But as the gap between
rewards promised and rewards delivered continues to widen, and the
violent excesses of our rulers become more and more obvious,
compliance will continue to decline.  This creates a growth market
for populist political agitators - a market that opponents and
supporters of authoritarian rule are already competing to capture.
Politics is about power:  Who has it, who doesn't, and how these
groups interact.  The object of political activity is to obtain
and exercise power, toward whatever ends one chooses.  Political
models and strategies that actually work in this context are
"correct" while those that do not work are "incorrect."  There is
a time and place for everything, but rarely a time when elitism,
or driving wedges between groups who have political enemies in
common with oneself, is "correct" in a functional sense.

@_date: 2015-12-13 22:55:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Who we are up against 
Hash: SHA1
When I see or hear the word 'sheeple' I think about how successful
our adversaries have been in dividing the people they prey on into
mutually hostile factions, each of which blames the actions of
their common enemy on the others.  Populist and reformist politics
ends and mindless compliance begins when people decide that they
are categorically superior to those who don't happen to belong to
their own gang, and start speaking and acting on that basis.

@_date: 2015-12-21 20:03:46
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: TheCthulhu / CthulhuSec to Cryptome 
Hash: SHA1
JYA is already performing above and beyond the call of duty in the
area of integrity assurance, by posting a disclaimer that disavows
the provenance, integrity, and fitness for use for any purpose of
anything found floating at Cryptome.
Using form and context to affect human behavior is an architect's
stock in trade. Decorating Cryptome with a veneer of truthiness
and trustability would be a very poor design choice.

@_date: 2016-01-31 12:59:04
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Methods of Exercising Control over the Direction of Discourse 
Hash: SHA1
The controversial post that started this discussion directly
quotes the key messaging of current campaigns for the restraint of
speech and enforcement of racial and gender quotas, especially
targeting college campuses - now also targeting collaborative
software development projects, their mailing lists and even CPunks.
Does this phenomenon represent spontaneous demands for justice
arising from the awakening social conscience of Amerika's best and
brightest, or a black propaganda campaign working to drive wedges
between dissident factions and demographics?  I do not think it
matters.  I think the functional consequences of that campaign and
the response it elicits do matter.
Crypto-Anarchy has an inherent agenda of enabling populist
political resistance, organization and uprisings.  To whatever
extent this agenda could find applications in real life, it merits
hostile attention from State sponsored actors.  Depicting the
CPunk and Hacker communities as gangs of racist misogynists, and
prodding them in ways designed to provoke open mockery of any such
concerns, makes strategic sense in this context.
It always pays to outclass the opposition, in word /and/ deed.
Trolls, Buffoons and Lunaticks have their uses and some get paid;
but they have no staying power and eventually land on the rubbish
heap.  It is said that a wise person may choose to act like a
fool, but that a fool can not choose to act like a wise person.
Let the great sorting begin...  or, heh heh, stop it if you can.

@_date: 2016-01-22 22:02:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] NSA Spy-by-Crypto 
Hash: SHA1
If you can't beat them, buy them out:  Compromised cryptographic
tools are a rich source of intelligence.
Historical example:
Current example:

@_date: 2016-01-13 21:56:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Former Spy Chief Reveals Secret Strategies for Undermining Freedom, Attacking Religion, and Prom 
Hash: SHA1
(quoting somebody's ad copy:)
I was very disappointed that the book in question has all the
earmarks of partisan disinformation in and of itself.  The
networked communication revolution has greatly reduced the
usefulness of censorship and secrecy, and disinformation campaigns
have grown dramatically to compensate for this development. We do
need a better understanding and wider public recognition of the
theory, applications and history of black propaganda and
disinformation, if we want to avoid and counter this form of
In social media venues where populist and/or radical political
interests are prominently represented, black propaganda in support
of State and corporate interests is rampant.  Ideological converts
who promote, defend and embellish disinformation narratives
supplied by front groups dominate many discussions.  These
campaigns do more than poison wells where factual information
suppressed in broadcast media is available.  They also damage the
image and dilute the message of populist and activist groups in
real life, by seeding their organizational meetings and public
events with ideological converts who vocally advocate for
delusional beliefs and self defeating methods.
Using black propaganda and front groups to co-opt, discredit and
neutralize populist and radical movements is an old and well
established feature of political warfare.  Adapting this strategy
to the Internet environment requires new tactics, and presents new
opportunities.  Activist groups targeted for marginalization,
division and termination by well funded adversaries need to adapt
their own techniques to counter new threats and exploit new
opportunities presented by their opponents in the network
Disinformation has inherent advantages over real information:  It
can be designed from the ground up for simplicity, emotional
appeal and behavioral impact.  Against this, truth has the
advantages of internal consistency, relevance, and appeal to a
more intelligent audience - so, when truth is attacked by
disinformation operators, it needs all the help it can get to
stand even a slight chance of propagating and affecting human
behavior in the real world.

@_date: 2016-01-08 17:54:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: A good way to spur adoption of strong cryptography and security 
Hash: SHA1
Sure, and that will hold true right up until functional MRIs
replace polygraphs as the bureaucratic terrorists' weapon of choice.

@_date: 2016-01-08 17:50:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Obama gonna crypto your guns, they gonna throw the killswitch on yall 
Hash: SHA1
Kinda makes the pending collapse of what we laughingly call
"civilization" a joke where the good news and bad news are one and
the same.

@_date: 2016-01-06 21:54:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: ICYMI They Kill Tech Geeks Too... 
Hash: SHA1
It's a piss poor pitiful Anarchist, who refuses to use the tools
of the State against the interests of the State.

@_date: 2016-01-13 00:22:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet 
Hash: SHA1
"People are notoriously bad at estimating risks."
- - Anonymous

@_date: 2016-01-03 22:31:23
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: ICYMI They Kill Tech Geeks Too... 
Hash: SHA1
"Everybody lies." - Greg House
First and foremost we lie to ourselves, continuously, as our
central nervous systems build models of the world based on
incomplete data and unexamined assumptions.  We usually believe
the result of this process is the "real world," because it is the
only world we can experience.  We have to believe, because the
processing overhead of questioning and testing everything, all the
time, would be crippling - and the results would be inconclusive.
But there is a limit to the advantage of taking our illusory
impressions of the real world at face value, and sometimes it does
pay to consciously examine how confident we are of a source of
information, why we have that confidence, and how these factors
should affect own conclusions about that information.  What
evidence do we really have, where did it come from and how can it
be tested?
When our available information is second hand, ambiguous and/or
self contradictory, and especially when it originates in a context
of human conflict, there may be no rational basis for confident
conclusions about what really happened:  Just a cluster of
possible interpretations which can be assigned higher or lower
probability on a basis of educated guesswork about the quality of
the sources and how the information itself fits - or does not fit
- - into what we already 'know' about its native context.
People who do this for a living are called intelligence analysts,
and their training includes all of the above.  When the going gets
spooky, the spooks his the books.  Highly recommended for anyone
who takes an interest in news and current events:
Subjective human experience is the instrument that detects and
represents "reality," so it pays to have a handle on how that
system works.  I doubt that the CIA requires trainees to read and
study this textbook, but it wouldn't hurt if they did:

@_date: 2016-01-03 09:43:24
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: ICYMI They Kill Tech Geeks Too... 
Hash: SHA1
I don't recall saying that the messages in his account are fake,
or that a conspiracy of any sort took place.
I do suggest that any practicable measures to verify the details
of any narrative, including collection of physical evidence
through a formal process, would be a Good Thing.  "To avoid even
the appearance of," etc.

@_date: 2016-01-02 21:45:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: ICYMI They Kill Tech Geeks Too... 
Hash: SHA1
The most complete account I have seen so far:

@_date: 2016-01-02 21:24:48
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: ICYMI They Kill Tech Geeks Too... 
Hash: SHA1
Stating the obvious:
When he was arrested, it is likely that a phone with stored login
credentials for his personal accounts was in hostile hands for at
least a few hours.
He most likely expressed his displeasure with and hostile
intentions toward the SFPD to agents of SFPD before or during his
incarceration.  Coming from a "rich white geek" whose status as
such could be determined in ten seconds via any search engine, any
threats of lawful reprisals he might have made should have brought
all the defensive resources at SFPD's disposal into play.
Nothing posted in his name after the time of his arrest should be
taken at face value.
My cursory search for information about California law indicates
that an autopsy is not required for "known suicides", whatever
I believe it would be a Good Thing if word was passed hand to hand
in the direction of Ian's family, to the effect that Conspiracy
Nuts will never let them hear the end of this unless an autopsy is
performed.  (And maybe not even then.)
No matter how it happened, Ian's death was a tragic loss to the
community, and closure won't come easily.

@_date: 2016-01-14 00:47:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: US State Of New York to Ban Encrypted Screenlocked Phones and Devices 
Hash: SHA1
NY State Assembly also probably loves cash and other valuable
considerations offered by Apple Inc.
- -services-in-ios/107335/

@_date: 2016-01-24 21:50:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: USA To Require Govt Issued ID To Use Internet, No More Anonymous 
Hash: SHA1
"It is demonstrable that power structures tend to attract people
who want power for the sake of power and that a significant
proportion of such people are imbalanced - in a word, insane."
"Absolute power does not corrupt absolutely, absolute power
attracts the corruptible." - Frank Herbert
Our Mr. Herbert was deep into ecology - including what the think
tank boys and PsyOps shops call 'human ecology.'
Recommended reading:
National Security and Double Government, Michael J. Glennon
"U.S. national security policy is defined by the network of
executive officials who manage the departments and agencies
responsible for protecting U.S. national security and who,
responding to structural incentives embedded in the U.S. political
system, operate largely removed from public view and from
constitutional constraints."
Full text, 114 pages:
Rogue Agents, David Teacher
A history of what could be termed "The New Right" in NATO block
covert influence operations from the Cold War through the 1970s.
This quote might influence present company toward reading it:
"In February 1959, Van den Heuvel led a study group to America to
visit the Society for the Investigation of Human Ecology, a CIA
front group founded in 1955 which changed name in 1961 to become
the Human Ecology Fund, "human ecology" being at the time the
official euphemism for psychological warfare and deprogramming.
Both American organisations were funding conduits for the CIA's
MK-ULTRA programme of research into mind control and brainwashing
PDF, 564 pgs, most of it in source doc annexes
Attacking Faulty Reasoning, T. Richard Damer
Never argue with a fool, onlookers may not be able to tell the
difference. - Samuel Clemens
"Good arguments play a particularly important role in helping us
to make difficult moral decisions. Not only do they help us to
decide what positive action to take but also to avoid actions with
harmful con- sequences. False beliefs, to which faulty reasoning
often leads, blur our moral vision and often result in actions
that cause considerable harm to others. Since we are all re-
sponsible for the consequences of our actions, it is incumbent on
us to base our beliefs and decisions on the conclusions of good
257 pgs.
Buy online, or inquire with Textbook Liberation and/or your Postman

@_date: 2016-01-21 23:49:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: USA To Require Govt Issued ID To Use Internet, No More Anonymous 
Hash: SHA1
You want insurance against loss or injury from motor vehicle
accidents, therefore I will pay for that insurance.  And if I
don't, hired thugs will kidnap or kill me on your behalf.
As long as I choose to obey traffic laws in a manner consistent
with public safety, I can not be held liable for any injury to you
resulting from my operation of a motor vehicle.  Therefore, I must
pay for your insurance.  The logic is inescapable:  You are a thief.
This "extrapolation" suggests that my position can not be disputed
by rational argument.
Demonstrating that an argument is dependent on a forced,
irrational context refutes the said argument.
Nice try, but I am not obligated to refute an argument while
staying within the bounds of the irrational context from which it
emerges.  Relevance is always grounds for objection.  Calling an
automobile a "weapon of mass destruction" does not do much for
your argument except to show that it emerges from a context of
irrational fear.
It can steal your money, on behalf of the industry that lobbied to
have it put in place.  Exactly like compulsory motor vehicle
Progress!  We agree that you are arguing within a context where a
constant need for protection by (armed) third party authorities is

@_date: 2016-01-21 21:42:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: USA To Require Govt Issued ID To Use Internet, No More Anonymous 
Hash: SHA1
Can we get a consensus that no one should be allowed to operate a
motor vehicle without proof of income, in the form of regular
payments to a privately owned casino?  And that this constraint
should be imposed by deadly force in the event that someone
persistently refuses to comply?
Now we have an "Affordable Care Act" that serves the sole purpose
of using State power to mandate payments to privately owned
casinos, again backed by deadly force in the event that someone
persistently refuses to play.
It's a matter of perspective.  A fear based world view that
imposes a constant 'need' for protection by ersatz parental
figures is the consensus reality in Amerika.  Should the State
service this need by violence or the threat of violence (same
thing actually) against those whose world view is not
predominantly fear based?  The victims of this grand deception
will of course say 'yes', as will the private backers of State
authority who realize massive profits guaranteed by the State.
"Fear is the great teacher." - Charles Manson

@_date: 2016-01-21 06:05:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: USA To Require Govt Issued ID To Use Internet, No More Anonymous 
Hash: SHA1
As an anarchist, I have no problem recognizing the difference
between consent, and making accommodations to coercive demands as
a matter of tactical discretion.
Calling compliance with arbitrary orders from people who carry
guns and radios "consent" is like saying that every person who has
ever been raped "was asking for it."

@_date: 2016-01-27 13:41:13
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: request for comment re "contributor-covenant.org" 
Hash: SHA1
I haven't been around here long enough to dare presume to speak on
behalf of the cpunks list regs, but it was my impression that the
list does have a code of conduct.  I can't find my copy, but I
believe it reads "Fuck you, I do what I want."  Not sure of the
exact wording but it's something to that effect IIRC.
It seems to be working OK here so far.  Ain't broke, don't fix it.
 If you don't like it, go elsewhere; anarchy ain't for everybody.
In re FLOSS development and its social infrastructure:
In any healthy and productive engineering shop, physical or
virtual, outside observers who assume that a primate pecking order
defines and governs /all/ human social roles and behaviors may be
forgiven for seeing a "meritocracy" where none exists.  In a
healthy, productive engineering shop, anyone who contributes to
the practical objectives of the project is valued as a team member
and encouraged to continue doing so.  Those who are in a position
to make large and highly visible contributions may thereby become
"popular" but this does not confer authority on them, and is not
an obstacle to anyone else's contributions.
Of course there are dysfunctional engineering shops, commercial
and non-commercial.  Introducing policies requiring the
participants in a toxic work environment promise to play nice, and
promise to punish those who do not, would only compound existing
abuses of power by adding a fresh layer of passive aggressive
posturing and manipulation.

@_date: 2016-01-27 03:20:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What you won't hear at Davos 
Hash: SHA1
Quite so. "Democracy" was an early casualty of the Industrial
Revolution, which concentrated unprecedented wealth and power in
the hands of industrialists.  In the United States, the issue of
collective rule by land owners vs. collective rule by factory
owners was decided by the Civil War.  Today "democracy" normally
means "deniable subversion and control by a ruling oligarchy."
Not to mention future shock.  Big decisions made today, if they
can not be implemented by next Tuesday, are likely to be
implemented in a world where their relevance is limited at best -
if they can be implemented at all.  The future itself is
recognized as an adversary by those whose interests are best
served by maintaining established power structures.
Wait, what?  I would question the possibility that 'elites' can
make any decisions in the direction of mass liberty.  If an elite
class exists, its collective interest lies in increasing the
liberties available to the elite class, at the expense of everyone
else's liberties.
Ideally the lower classes should have the 'liberty' to choose
options from a menu presented to them by their betters.  This
softens the blow of a policy regime where "everything that is not
mandatory is prohibited."  Should one faction of an elite class
appear to advocate for 'popular liberty,' they are doing so in an
effort to shift market dynamics to favor their own enterprises, at
the expense of other elite factions that will oppose any such
Of course they weighed the issues.  Doing so enables an elite
class to use its power today, to remain an elite class tomorrow.
At the outset of the Internet's exponential growth, America's
captains of corporate industry contracted their strategic advisers
- - think tanks, intelligence services, market researchers,
propaganda shops - to determine what policies and practices would
best serve their interests in the emerging Information Age.
Informed by the openly published analyses and strategic plans of
social and political activists on the early Internet (i.e. the
WELL community's 'electronic democracy' advocates), these advisers
reported that the Internet would destabilize social and political
power structures in unprecedented ways, shifting power away from
the few toward the many - much as the printing press had in an
earlier age, but on a larger scale with more immediate, agile and
adaptive impact.
Proposed solutions included mitigating the worst impacts of the
Internet on established power by making it a surveillance
platform, with unprecedented scope and depth of penetration into
the everyday lives of whole populations.  This would facilitate
faster, more effective tactical, policy and propaganda responses
to the emergence of populist power centers on the network,
partially mitigating the Internet's undesirable impacts.  So,
along with a major shift toward authoritarian governance,
consolidated broadcast propaganda platforms and accelerated
redistribution of wealth (= power) upward in the social hierarchy,
a comprehensive State and corporate surveillance regimen was
facilitated by the "open" and inherently insecure nature of its
protocols and implementations.
Early 'netizens' understood the potential of the Internet as a
force multiplier for populist political actors, and they knew that
established power blocks with a common vested interest in the
status quo would fight back.  They redoubled their efforts to
develop, refine and propagate strategies and tactics for Internet
enabled populist political action.  Technologists sympathetic to
these efforts started developing practical countermeasures to
Internet surveillance and censorship, and the rest is Cypherpunk
The meaning of "security" depends very much on context:  Whose
security, against what hostile actors?  Technologists with an
Anarchist, Libertarian or other populist political orientation
view "insecure" network protocols, software and hardware as
problems to be solved.  Political warfare assets employed by
military, law enforcement and corporate actors would call these
same features strategic and tactical assets, enabling them to
enhance the security of their employers against hostile and/or
destabilizing influences.
Occasionally, anti-security in the network infrastructure will
turn around and bite its authors in the ass - comprehensive
Chinese penetration of U.S. military contractors and the OMB
personnel records fiasco will probably stand as classic examples
for quite a while.  But occasional victories by one's adversaries
is a cost of doing business in any war, including information
warfare against one's own restive and unruly populace.  Lessons
are learned, tactics are adjusted, and the information warriors
move on to the next battle front.
We shall have a "more secure Internet" going forward.  But as long
as we do have a ruling class, we shall not have a "secure
Internet" except at the scale of darknet operations that, as their
name implies, are as secure against wide public participation as
they are against State and corporate surveillance.
I do hope the IETF and IT industries proves me at least partially
wrong, by implementing the objectives outlined in RFC 6973.  But I
believe nothing of this sort can be implemented until or unless
sufficient technical countermeasures to enable State and corporate
actors to proceed with mass surveillance and censorship as usual
are available.
Another security issue overshadows all of the above:  The role of
disinformation operations that attack the network's end users via
weaponized social psychology.  But that's a whole 'nother topic.

@_date: 2016-02-26 13:12:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: 
Hash: SHA1
Hmmm... so, a technocratic elite won't be affected, other than
perhaps to the extent of minor inconveniences, when the
exponential growth of industrialization, resource extraction and
human population exceeds geophysical limits?  And this, because
those limits are not real and the only people who will be
adversely affected are those who have incorrect beliefs?
That sounds almost like the narrative of commercialized Conspiracy
Theory, from a viewpoint that identifies with the "bad guys" in
that scenario.  The "good vs. evil" issue really is just a matter
of human beliefs, but the laws o' physics part is what most
interests me.  Topsoil, water, phosphates and fuel can't be wished
into existence, nor can industrial pollution, extreme weather and
a couple of billion hungry neighbors be wished out of existence.

@_date: 2016-02-24 22:02:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: EFF to Support Apple in Encryption Battle [ or, WTF EFF!? ] 
Hash: SHA1
Yeah well, they caught me in a grumpy mood.
Like I said, damn if I know.

@_date: 2016-02-22 19:14:50
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome?s searing critique of Snowden Inc. 
Hash: SHA1
I would have to ask, why the either/or proposition?
Given Snowden's technical background and his enterprise in
obtaining a bunch of interesting documents, his range of options
was a bit wider than that.  Counting the ways, and the parties to
whom the documents could be disclosed, is left as an exercise...

@_date: 2016-02-17 18:25:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Suggestion: Don't reply onlist to known spies and national security employees 
Hash: SHA1
"Never try to teach a pig to sing.  It wastes you time and annoys
the pig." - W.C. Fields
Never argue with a fool, onlookers may not be able to tell the
difference. - Samuel Clemens
etc. etc.
But sometimes one must call a spade a spade, or even a Goddamn shove

@_date: 2016-02-17 14:37:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re:_Ideals_in_crypto:_Apple_must_help_Feds_unlock_San_Ber?= =?UTF-8?Q?nardino_killer's_iPh 
Hash: SHA1
This would be the same Apple reported to routinely decrypt seized
iPhones for LEAs?
The same Apple that has reportedly back-doored these same systems?
- -services-in-ios/107335/
The same Apple that was lined up to bid on the DoD's super-secret
Romas/COIN a.k.a. Odyssey mobile phone user tracking / spying /
PsyOps / drone targeting program?
Would they, could they do a thing like that?  Of course not.
Everyone knows Apple markets to Liberal Arts majors.

@_date: 2016-02-16 13:15:26
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Sci-Hub: 'Pirate Bay for scientists' 
Hash: SHA1
If nothing else, calling public attention to the corporate
'copytheft' of publicly funded research publications is a Good Thing

@_date: 2016-02-15 13:59:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Cryptopolitik and the Darknet 
Hash: SHA1
Cryptopolitik and the Darknet
"Encryption is too important to be left to true believers. The
future design of crypto systems should be informed by hard-nosed
political and technical considerations. A principled, yet
realistic, assessment of encryption and technology more broadly is
needed, informed by empirical facts, by actual user behaviour and
by shrewd statecraft  not by cypherpunk cults, an ideology of
technical purity and dreams of artificial utopias. Pragmatism in
political decision-making has long been known as realpolitik.80
Too often, technology policy has been the exception. It is high
time for cryptopolitik."
Spoiler:  Onion routing rules, hidden services suck.  What's
worse, the authors back this with empirical evidence.
 - or -

@_date: 2016-02-13 20:56:57
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Brit spies can legally hack PCs and phones, say Brit spies' overseers 
Hash: SHA1
Brit spies can legally hack PCs and phones, say Brit spies' overseer
I don't recall just now where I saw this, so I can not be sure of
its accuracy, but I am under the impression that existing policy
reciprocally allows Brits and Yanks to spy on each other's
peasantry, as long as they share back the intelligence gained.
Maybe a bit less so with the rest of the EU, but with US/UK a
certain historical and technological unity of 'security interests'
shapes public policy on issues related to all aspects of espionage..
Oh, wait, that was easy:  I was more or less right.

@_date: 2016-02-29 13:13:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Once again: Tor timing attacks and a Tor confession 
Hash: SHA1
Bingo.  How fast do you want web pages to load, vs. how much do
you want it to cost to de-anonymize your traffic?
In the case of TOR, it has long appeared to me that its leading
design objectives include competing on the speed front with
unprotected networking and VPN services.  The benefits of this
competition include a larger user base = larger anonymity set.
The drawbacks include "the government that pays for TOR also has
the capability to defeat TOR."
Last time I checked, the TOR Browser ships with NoScript turned
off by default, leaving it unprotected against a large family of
side channel attacks.  This choice also looks like a convenience
for technologically naive end users, again degrading the core
security mission for the sake of a larger user base.  In this case
we do know that hostile State actors have used the deficiency to
unmask users, via a honey pot attack exploiting javascript to
phone home and report the users' IP addresses.
Leaving fill traffic on the "to do list" forever, pending the
disappearance of vocal advocates who claim that cover traffic is
not practicable - either "impossible!" or due to a perceived
head-to-head performance contest with unprotected networking -
completes the picture of a State sponsored cryptographic tool
breakable by the State that funds it (but nobody else so far).
I personally consider TOR sufficiently decent to positively lock
out routine commercial surveillance of end users.  Sufficiently
decent to provide reliable protection against NSA assets when
combined with physical OpSec, i.e. covertly using open WiFi
routers and single use disposable computers for brief one-off
sessions.  Sufficiently valuable as an NSA collection asset to
discourage routine harassment or prosecution of TOR users for
petty offenses, which would reveal to more "valuable" targets that
TOR does not protect them.
So far we are only talking about passive attacks by an actor who
can observe both ends of most TOR network connections.  More
costly active attacks could defeat /any/ anonymizing network
protocol based on onion or garlic routing protocols.  So whether
or not to "fix" TOR at the cost of alienating the bulk of its user
base due to performance issues might merit some debate.
My preferred solution:  Defund the the agencies that can and
almost certainly do defeat all current network anonymity
protocols.  My program for accomplishing this objective:  Wait.
They are hell bend on self destruction and Nature will provide.

@_date: 2016-02-09 13:44:40
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: request for comment re &quot;contributor-covenant.org&quot; 
Hash: SHA1
As well you might:  It appears that Ted has made six posts to the
CPunks list since June of last year.  Each consisted of complaints
about the ideological impurity a.k.a. political incorrectness of
the CPunks list and those who post to it.
Ted and "shakeitoff have a lot in common, including
their vocabulary, grammatical construction, New Left ideology and
a hostile attitude toward what passes for "native culture" on the
CPunks list.  A few posts from years earlier suggest that Ted
probably exists somewhere in meatspace, whereas
shakeitoff appears to exist only as a pseudonym
created for a single purpose.
Our morally superior critic shakeitoff appeared to
come here to help us eliminate degrading, insulting and hurtful
language on the CPunks list by installing a censorship regime.
But now I see a New Left ideologue providing us with yet another
demonstration that "Those who make and enforce the law are above
the law."
Authoritarian much lately, shakeitoff  No matter:
The CPunks list will not censor you.
Please cite examples of your contributions to the creation,
vetting, promotion, defense of, or end user tech support for "more
code, more crypto."
It would make sense to abandon PC trolling of the CPunks list as a
lost cause.  Most of the participants in the CPunks list self
identify as Anarchist or Libertarian, both of which indicate high
sales resistance to New Left ideology.  You will not beat a crowd
that includes veterans of USENET in open battle.  Uncommitted
third parties do not know or care that the CPunks list exists, so
what potentially receptive audience do you address?
Racist much lately, Ted?  No matter:  The CPunks list will not
censor you.
Several people on the list have taken the issues raised by
shakeitoff enough to discuss them rationally.
"Counterfeit coins exist because there was, first, real gold."
One should always assume good faith on the part of correspondents,
until persuasive evidence indicates otherwise.
But apparently shakeitoff and Ted want more:
Committed ideological converts who will trash the CPunks list, an
ongoing and rather successful experiment in free speech, by
installing a shiny new censorship regime.  If "they" can't get
their way, at least they can stamp their little feet and call
people names.

@_date: 2016-02-17 16:16:12
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Suggestion: Don't reply onlist to known spies and national security employees 
Hash: SHA1
occasionally counter-punching a troll provides
instruction by example to newcomers and old timers alike.

@_date: 2016-02-19 09:34:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Inside John Kerry's Photo Op With Hollywood Leaders: Anti-ISIS Pow-Wow Yields Few Plans, Ideas 
Hash: SHA1
Translation:  A 14 year old boy swore by his hoodie and Guy Fawkes
mask that he would help limit teh reach of terrorists.

@_date: 2016-02-21 01:59:31
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Apple Vs FBI: We tried to help the FBI but someone changed phone's iCloud password 
Hash: SHA1
So according to this account, for reasons unknown the FBI violated
the most fundamental principles of digital forensics by failing to
make a complete backup of the stored content of the device before
doing anything else with or to it.  Then /also/ quite deliberately
destroyed its evidentiary value by delivering it into the custody
and control of some random idiot.
I find this narrative /very/ difficult to believe:

@_date: 2016-02-14 15:29:06
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome?s searing critique of Snowden Inc. 
Hash: SHA1
At one time I did follow it very closely, so I am sure you will
find plenty to disagree with here:
Neither do I.  Beliefs prejudice perception and judgement.
Because his example has already been followed by others, and more
will follow.  In politics one calls revenge "deterrence," but by
any name the U.S. government wants revenge in this matter.
Greenwald currently resides in Brazil.  Apparently he likes the
climate there better than in the U.S.
Not empty handed, he brought propaganda value with him:  A
no-risk, no-cost chance for Russia to both deprive the U.S. of a
military objective (Snowden's capture) and to play the champion of
justice and fair play on the world stage.  They also obtained an
extended opportunity to determine whether Snowden did have
anything of intelligence value to offer.
Snowden personally leaks nothing; never did, most likely never
will.  By the accounts of all involved parties, Snowden handed off
all copies of all them documents to Greenwald.  Greenwald then
sold the rights to them to Omidyar.  The staff at The Intercept
occasionally take out their eyedropper and deliver one or two of
these documents, along with articles explaining what say and what
they mean to the great unwashed publick.
A bit more background in case anyone wants more info...

@_date: 2016-02-14 13:04:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome?s searing critique of Snowden Inc. 
Hash: SHA1
Accoring to Snowden, Greenwald, et al, Snowden has nothing to
trade for asylum:  Everyone in a position to know says that he
gave the whole works to Greenwald & co., to use as he sees fit.
That does not make their assertion true, but as far as I know, no
evidence contradicts it.
Other than Cryptome's blanket warning that /all/ leaked documents
should be treated as disinformation, limited hangouts, etc. until
or unless proven otherwise.
Whether Snowden intended to do that, or was conned into doing so
by his press contacts, remains an open question.
Calling evidence based analysis of the Snowden Affair "conspiracy
theory" does not make it go away.  Least of all, when the audience
understands that propagandists created the Conspiracy Theory meme
for 'name calling' purposes, to stain inconvenient information as
delusional nonsense.
Greenwald converted the Snowden documents from State secrets owned
by the U.S. government, to commercial trade secrets owned by
billionaire Pierre Omidyar.  Their new owners have published a
fraction of those documents for financial profit and, of course,
political propaganda.  I do not expect anything in those documents
that would have an unfavorable impact on billionaires in general
or Omidyar in particular to be published.
When is a leak not a leak?  I'm not sure, but the Snowden Affair
looks like an example.

@_date: 2016-02-24 12:42:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: EFF to Support Apple in Encryption Battle [ or, WTF EFF!? ] 
Hash: SHA1
The bizarre propaganda narrative about a locked iPhone that
belonged to a dead criminal suspect just keeps growing.  Now the
Electronic Frontiers Foundation has boarded the disinformation
train, via its latest EFFEctor newsletter and an amicus brief.
EFF to Support Apple in Encryption Battle
I can maybe forgive EFF's casual assertion that Syed Rizwan Farook
was "one of the perpetrators of Decembers San Bernardino
shootings" - since they used three names he /must/ be an assassin;
the FBI says he is, what more proof could one ask?
But in the same press release, EFF endorses absurd non sequiturs
that demonstrate painful ignorance of the subject matter at hand.
 The EFF endorses the assertations that the only way to obtain
access to encrypted data stored on an iPhone is to manually key in
a password on the device itself, that removing a software function
that deletes a stored key hash after n. failed decryption attempts
voids the security of the encrypted data stored on that device,
and that doing this to one iPhone would affect the security of all
iPhone users.
Either people without the slightest understanding of how
cryptography works /or/ how computer forensics works are calling
the shots at EFF, or someone there has deliberately stood up
strawmen for the FBI'a attorneys to knock down, or... damn if I know

@_date: 2016-02-26 16:24:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Instead of Apple tasking a coder to work on cracking that iPhone... 
Hash: SHA1
I have designed and implemented ISO 9001 quality programs for
engineering firms.  The paychecks were real, the external audits
were real, the reliability of deliverables was real.
In the real world, the QA game is about compromises:  No company
is ever fully compliant; success is measured in "failure to fail"
in the real world, despite documented and undocumented variances
in QA compliance.  And of course, the ability to pass external audit
So, since when does the ability of the QA department to verify
that stuff does not crash (often) on well formed input, mean that
the QA department is qualified to reverse engineer and "break"
cryptographic protocols on demand?  That was the origin of this
whole discussion, with me on the "not QA's job" side.

@_date: 2016-02-26 13:45:11
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Instead of Apple tasking a coder to work on cracking that iPhone... 
Hash: SHA1
The division of labor relevant to QA breaks down like this:
Design work is a collaboration between sales/marketing,
engineering staff and (where applicable) customer representatives.
 QA participates by documenting the process and assuring that
relevant facts are clearly communicated between these parties.  QA
does not need to understand the technical details, rather it needs
to assure that people who do understand these details agree that
they are correct per an evidence based process.
Validation work is a collaboration between engineering staff, QA
and customer representatives where applicable, with the sole
objective of assuring that prototypes and first articles of a
product performs as intended.  Again, QA does not need to
understand how the product works, only what it is supposed to do
and whether or not it does that, per the report of other
participants in the process.
Inspection/verification work is a collaboration between
engineering, production and QA staff, with the sole purpose of
assuring that components and systems do not deviate from those
that passed the validation process and were approved for production.
QA is about process:  Communication, documentation, and
facilitating timely and effective remedial action when problems
arise.  QA personnel do not "do" any part of the engineering
process; their whole mission is to facilitate reliable and
effective work by others.

@_date: 2016-02-25 22:21:12
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Instead of Apple tasking a coder to work on cracking that iPhone... 
Hash: SHA1
The QA department is not responsible to understand how the code
(or gadget) works, they are responsible to verify that it does
work, and that the "thing that worked" is the thing that ships in
the product it goes with.
Conversely, whoever designed and implemented the cryptographic
system baked into the Apple hardware in question had /better/ be
aware of how to attack it:  Otherwise, a 3rd party's job when
attempting to break the system is likely to be way too easy.
The same people who made it /do/ need to be able to inspect their
own work, especially during the initial development and
implementation process, and the tools to do so will be familiar to
them.  That makes them just the right folks to ask for advice and
assistance when it's time to develop a process for unwrapping the
package they made.
The ability to monitor the supply chain inbound to the machinist,
measure the parts the machinist makes and track them to their
final destination in a larger assembly external customer, does not
imply the ability to prescribe a specific manufacturing process,
make the part in question, or to evaluate its fitness for use for
a particular purpose.  Those latter functions, and creation of
specifications as acceptance criteria, are jobs for design and
production engineers.
Dozens who want to hire them, worldwide; hundreds who will never
hire them, in their local job market.  Generally speaking,
business owners, executives and managers regard "whistleblowers"
and "refusniks" as proven troublemakers.
A Judge can order just about anyone to do just about anything,
subject only to the approval of other Judges up the chain of
command /if/ their legal authority to issue the order is challenged.
Advantage:  The State.

@_date: 2016-02-25 18:20:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Instead of Apple tasking a coder to work on cracking that iPhone... 
Hash: SHA1
Insubordination is always grounds for dismissal, unless an
employee is ordered to break the law or expose him or herself to
legally banned workplace hazards.  So Apple could handle
non-cooperation problems without involving the Feds:  If we was
Apple, would we want to piss off a client so big that it is a
lucrative market all its own, just to indulge some ungrateful
non-team-player's personal snit fit?  What would Apple board
member Ronald D. Sugar, former chairman and CEO of Northrop
Grumman, say about that?
If Apple receives a Court order or lands a contract that requires
re-purposing staff, they can just hire any skill sets they don't
already have on hand.  If special NDAs or even Federal security
clearances are required, no problem:  If it's a contract matter,
the additional costs are included in the bid; if it's a Court
order, Apple can ask for and most likely receive "reasonable"
compensation for following lawful orders.
"Self destruct?"  It is to laugh.  "Can't work around it?"
These propositions only work if we assume Apple does not have an
in-house capability to analyze, troubleshoot and re-program its
own hardware, does not have the technical capability to read from
the storage media in its own devices, and lacks the engineering
staff and/or data necessary to alter Apple brand software.  In the
case of any such deficiencies, Apple (or the FBI) can hire any
required reverse-engineering done, under NDA (or gag order).
If Apple did not already do whatever was asked of them with regard
to one iPhone formerly owned by one criminal suspect, the FBI can
bring in the NSA on the basis of mere "suspicion" that the case
may have a link to non-U.S. persons.
Instead we get a legal dispute and minor media sideshow based on a
pile of false assertions by /both/ parties, apparently in
collusion, with the apparent intent of creating a legal precedent
for mandatory back doors in U.S. personal electronics - and/or
public demand for legislation to that effect.
The words "Security Theater" come to mind, but with a stronger
than usual connotation of "Security Propaganda and Disinformation."

@_date: 2016-02-25 11:14:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Instead of Apple tasking a coder to work on cracking that iPhone... 
Hash: SHA1
That would be this article by Declan McCullagh:
iPhones are so user friendly that they include pre-installed
forensic tools for their users in the LEA and DoD community:
OSX is also very friendly to users who might want to know about
every file ever downloaded by a Mac they have access to:
iTunes included a "defect" that LEAs used as a back door into user
systems for three years, per the UK Telegraph:
Apple owes it to their shareholders to market to the U.S.
Department of Defense, including participation in bidding on the
most powerful end user identification, tracking, surveillance,
manipulation and targeting platform that has ever been publicly
Apple markets its products as fashion accessories for Liberal Arts
majors; keeping the Apple brand's public image intact via a cost
effective Big Lie propaganda program is the least it can do for
its shareholders.

@_date: 2016-02-25 18:52:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Relevant technical info re Apple iPhone cryptosecurity 
Hash: SHA1
Verry interesting...
"The CIA Campaign To Steal Apple's Secrets"
By Jeremy Scahill and Josh Begley, published in The Intercept:
"These machines have two separate keys integrated into the silicon
of their Apple-designed processors at the point of manufacture.
The two, paired together, are used to encrypt data and software
stored on iPhones and iPads. One, the User ID, is unique to an
individuals phone, and is not retained by Apple. That key is
vital to protecting an individuals data and  particularly on
Apples latest devices  difficult to steal. A second key, the
Group ID, is known to Apple and is the same across multiple Apple
devices that use the same processor. The GID is used to encrypt
essential system software that runs on Apples mobile devices."

@_date: 2016-03-17 17:33:50
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Philosohpical - Reading between the lines: the Great War of Continents, information wars, and mu 
Hash: SHA1
did provide a few minutes of amusement.  Of a sort.  :o)
A brief review of: Reading between the lines: the Great War of
Continents, information wars, and multipolarity
This article's title foreshadows its content:  Many complex words
that say nearly nothing.
Orwell's 'duckspeak' condenses language into short bursts of
stereotyped, reflexive utterances, meaningless outside the context
of simplistic, indoctrinated verities supplied by the State.  The
bizarre cant the present document was written in looks like an
equal and opposite version of Duckspeak:  In overblown hyperbolic
prose, the author piles high level abstractions one atop the other
until any possible meaning disappears, in an apparent attempt to
impress and confuse the reader.  I had to re-read several
paragraphs in the article to unravel their structure and assign
possible meanings to them.  On the whole it looks to me like a
verbal Rorschach inkblot; devoid of content, but the reader might
see his or her own latent beliefs peeking out here and there to
create an illusion of deeper meaning.
The whole semantic content of the article does appear in two
sentences buried near the middle of the text:  "Fort Russ provides
cutting-edge reports and analyses which lay bare realities which
mainstream Western media actively distorts, obscures, or flat out
conceals. This is absolutely crucial."  Here the author lays bare
his own apparent intentions and method, attributing them to The
Enemy like a good little propagandist should.
And that's all I have to say about that.

@_date: 2016-03-11 00:14:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Snowden sasys FBI can unlock iPhone 
Hash: SHA1
Yup, if the erasable "user selected" key can be read out then
restored from backup after the OS erases it, no problem:  A few
days of careful tinkering with hardware, testing proofs of concept
against /other/ iPhones, then a few minutes of automated attack
against the /interesting/ iPhone.

@_date: 2016-03-06 01:22:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Unredacted SecureDrop 0.3.4 audit report 
Hash: SHA1
An independent audit found a substantial deficiency in one of the
dependencies of the SecureDrop document submission / management
protocol.  SecureDrop gave the devs time to fix it before
publishing, but so far the issue remains unresolved:
Publishing the unredacted SecureDrop 0.3.4 audit report
vs. SecureDrop uses OSSEC, a popular open source host-based intrusion
detection system (HIDS). The OSSEC architecture consists of a
single central server, called the Manager, which monitors one or
more systems. The monitored systems have programs called Agents,
which collect a variety of information and forward it to the
Manager for analysis and correlation.
The Manager and the Agents may communicate with one of two
protocols: "syslog" or "secure". The "secure" protocol is a custom
crypto protocol based on shared secret keys that are set up during
OSSEC deployment. NCC Group reviewed the custom protocol and found
two serious issues in its cryptographic design:
    Protocol messages are encrypted with the shared secret key
using Blowfish in CBC mode. Unfortunately, the protocol uses a
static initialization vector (IV) to encrypt and decrypt all
messages. This essentially reduces CBC mode to ECB mode and fails
to achieve semantic security.
    Protocol messages are not authenticated. Each message includes
an MD5 hash of the plaintext payload with the encrypted content,
but this is not a strong authenticator. Among other things, it
violates Moxie Marlinspike's "Cryptographic Doom Principle".
For more detail, see the finding in the unredacted audit report.
NCC Group did not take the time to investigate a proof of concept
(PoC) attack based on this vulnerability, but that is not
surprising given the limited duration of their engagement and the
fact that their focus was on SecureDrop, not OSSEC. Nonetheless,
these are serious cryptographic design flaws that could lead to a
practical attack in the future. We encourage all OSSEC users to
examine their current deployments, consider the level of exposure
of any OSSEC "secure" protocol traffic to potential adversaries,
and make changes accordingly.

@_date: 2016-03-03 09:57:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: According to www.virustotal.com, lists.debian.org are hosting attachment .DOC virus 
Hash: SHA1
links to:
phooey.  I wanted to see what ClamAV said about it and what
the textual content was, but...
~/Desktop $ wget
(lists.debian.org)|82.195.75.100|:443... connected.
HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 404 Not Found
2016-03-03 04:49:28 ERROR 404: Not Found.
So, Bog only knows.  I imagine it was uploaded by a user, probably
one of them "Windoze apologists" would would rather fight than
switch and probably don't know anything is wrong with their

@_date: 2016-03-06 14:25:09
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Postscript re popular vs. State power 
Hash: SHA1
The State maintains people on payroll whose job is to
study popular uprisings and revolutions, the better to direct
those whose job is to put them down by force.  Manuals written for
the State's own cadres incidentally provide instruction for those
who are interested in starting an 'insurgency' of their own:
Volumes 2 and 3 are of the most interest.
Volume 3 incorporates both historical fact and Big Lie propaganda
into its narrative, as required for its contemporary U.S. military

@_date: 2016-03-10 20:23:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft is trying to force Windows 10 on just about everyone. 
Hash: SHA1
The Register quotes Microsoft:
"As many of you may have just noticed, our system just generated a
bunch of emails informing many of you that you are subject to
removal because Microsoft does not have evidence of a qualifying
audit on file. This is likely an error on our side, but we need
your help.
"Our CRM system suffered a data loss, and it looks like it rolled
back to an old backup. As a result, we lost audit data for about
147 roots. If you received a message, please don't panic. Instead,
please just send Microsoft your most-recent audit data, and we
will update our records. Sorry for the confusion.
The Register says:
"As part of Microsofts Trusted Root programs compliance
requirements, Certificate Authorities must provide a courtesy copy
of their audit data to the company annually. Were reliably
informed that Microsoft stores these internally in a standalone
tool. An error occurred with the tool, so Microsoft contacted some
CAs and requested they resubmit a copy of their latest audit data,
sources confirm.
"Microsoft is a player in backup and the cloud, through Microsoft
Azure. Asking third parties for data on themselves in the wake of
a back-up bungle is not the biggest disaster in the world, but it
doesnt look good either.

@_date: 2016-03-11 23:28:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Remember, remember the Fukushima nuclear disaster on this day? 
Hash: SHA1
Lemme drag out my soap box...
I have a three point plan for safe nuclear power:
1)  Repeal the industry's blanket immunity from prosecution for
civil liabilities.  If it's so safe, why do the owners need to be
above the law?
2)  Remove the industry's public funding, which presently includes
massive subsidies on many fronts.  If it's such a freakin'
technology miracle, it can pay for itself.
3)  Open source every detail of design, construction, operation,
QA and safety inspection, and decommissioning of nuclear power
plants and their inputs/ouputs (fuel, waste), with publication as
near to realtime as materially possible.  Near-miss and slow-leak
containment breaches due to noncompliance with inspection
schedules need to just go away.
In the United States, compliance with part 1 would end all
investment in, and operation of, nuclear power plants:  No
investor or insurance provider will underwrite a nuclear power
plant's exposure under equally applied tort law.
Compliance with part 2 would disentangle the nuclear power
industry from the nuclear warhead and military reactor industry,
its de facto sponsor and sugar daddy - as well as removing tax
incentives and "free money" awarded by Utilities Commissions.  No
free ride on the public's nickel means no nuclear power industry,
balance-sheet wise.
Part 3, which invokes "many eyeballs" to assure maybe just barely
safe enough for optimists safety, would unleash a massive
shitstorm/clusterfuck of commercial and military secrecy issues,
and require extraordinary budgets for QA compliance and reporting.
 Oops, that too should be enough by itself to shut the industry down
Me no rikey nuclear electric power plants.  The Obama
Administration's firmly committed support of the nuclear power
industry reflects an ideological and political-economy mandate to
reduce global carbon emissions while /preserving/ centralized
ownership, control and income from power generation.
Decentralized solutions are non-starters because high-density
power generation means high-density capitalization and income

@_date: 2016-03-15 11:10:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: SPICE: Special Purpose Integrated Communications Equipment 
Or a super sneaky secret message hidden in plain sight?
gpg --import yields:
gpg: invalid radix64 character 3A skipped
gpg: invalid radix64 character 2E skipped
gpg: invalid radix64 character 2E skipped
gpg: invalid radix64 character 3A skipped
gpg: invalid radix64 character 3A skipped
gpg: invalid radix64 character 2E skipped
gpg: invalid radix64 character 2E skipped
gpg: CRC error; 02A730 - 33E76E
gpg: [don't know]: invalid packet (ctb=55)
gpg: read_block: read error: Invalid packet
gpg: import from `[stdin]' failed: Invalid keyring
gpg: Total number processed: 0

@_date: 2016-03-06 13:08:10
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: participation in sensor networks 
Hash: SHA1
"The guns" tend to backfire:  Common or garden variety capital
murders by police officers in the U.S. has re-ignited the Civil
Rights movement, for example.  Putting that big black genii back
in the bottle is a job for covert political warfare via
propaganda, deception and PsyOps.
The outcome of every revolution I have studied was determined
before the first shot was fired.  The real damage enabled by mass
surveillance in State and Corporate hands includes:
Fine tuning and targeting of propaganda in near realtime to
achieve maximum influence.
Early detection and proactive response to disrupt and co-opt
"trending" populist and radical factions.
Automated social network mapping and behavior analysis in support
of political warfare.
Not so much Joe Six Pack as Jane Citizen Journalist.  Up to a
point of diminishing returns, every time "the guns" are used
against her, a dozen more of her appear.  As the point of
diminishing returns for that function approaches, civil uprisings
in response to State violence become likely.
The most important single item of State propaganda against
populist and radical politics:  Power over others depends on guns.
Any challenge to State power that depends primarily on armed
conflict has a single, certain outcome:  Victory for the State.
Again, the outcome of a revolution is determined before the first
shot is fired.  Building a large base of popular support and a
network of ideologically committed cadres is the key to success,
and the principal objective of State political warfare is to
prevent this from happening.
Naive wannabe anarchists who want to "go directly to guns, do not
pass the hat, do not collect 200 supporters" only provide the
State with a handy means of discrediting its more /effective/
Evidence means nothing without context; information that is not
actionable is not intelligence.  Step one, know your adversary.
Who and what IS the State, and why is it so toxic?  Some clues
from the Harvard National Security Journal here:
National Security and Double Government by Michael J. Glennon

@_date: 2016-03-05 20:41:04
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: participation in sensor networks 
Hash: SHA1
Crazy?  More like far out.
Universal surveillance enables abuses of State power only when
access to collected data is restricted to State sanctioned actors.
 When everything becomes searchable by anybody, the inability of
State sanctioned actors to conceal their activities or effectively
lie about their history and motives will inhibit their potential
for destructive action.  "Power over others" depends in large part
on secrecy, while "powers of self determination" depend largely on
free and open access to information.
In the long run, the secrecy problem will take care of itself,
because the abuses of power it enables have already killed the
State:  At least, in the sense that a trans-national State hard
wired for self destruction, defending that program by any means
necessary, is "already dead."

@_date: 2016-03-05 18:08:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: participation in sensor networks 
Hash: SHA1
I for one welcome universal surveillance, an unavoidable
consequence of universal data network access.  Corporate and
intelligence service surveillance databases will always be
valuable enough to keep, and will eventually become the communal
property of the human species and its descendants.
Osiris Ani is not half so immortal as you and I; what we do goes
in mankind's permanent record.  All the world is now a stage, so
get your act together and make it count.

@_date: 2016-03-11 23:28:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Remember, remember the Fukushima nuclear disaster on this day? 
Hash: SHA1
Lemme drag out my soap box...
I have a three point plan for safe nuclear power:
1)  Repeal the industry's blanket immunity from prosecution for
civil liabilities.  If it's so safe, why do the owners need to be
above the law?
2)  Remove the industry's public funding, which presently includes
massive subsidies on many fronts.  If it's such a freakin'
technology miracle, it can pay for itself.
3)  Open source every detail of design, construction, operation,
QA and safety inspection, and decommissioning of nuclear power
plants and their inputs/ouputs (fuel, waste), with publication as
near to realtime as materially possible.  Near-miss and slow-leak
containment breaches due to noncompliance with inspection
schedules need to just go away.
In the United States, compliance with part 1 would end all
investment in, and operation of, nuclear power plants:  No
investor or insurance provider will underwrite a nuclear power
plant's exposure under equally applied tort law.
Compliance with part 2 would disentangle the nuclear power
industry from the nuclear warhead and military reactor industry,
its de facto sponsor and sugar daddy - as well as removing tax
incentives and "free money" awarded by Utilities Commissions.  No
free ride on the public's nickel means no nuclear power industry,
balance-sheet wise.
Part 3, which invokes "many eyeballs" to assure maybe just barely
safe enough for optimists safety, would unleash a massive
shitstorm/clusterfuck of commercial and military secrecy issues,
and require extraordinary budgets for QA compliance and reporting.
 Oops, that too should be enough by itself to shut the industry down
Me no rikey nuclear electric power plants.  The Obama
Administration's firmly committed support of the nuclear power
industry reflects an ideological and political-economy mandate to
reduce global carbon emissions while /preserving/ centralized
ownership, control and income from power generation.
Decentralized solutions are non-starters because high-density
power generation means high-density capitalization and income

@_date: 2016-03-11 19:32:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Remember, remember the Fukushima nuclear disaster on this day? 
Hash: SHA1
I haven't seen such a comparison, although from my reading it
appears that the Russian government may have done a better job
with their evacuation - understandable, because tsunami.
And, after first exhausting every wrong answer (Russian military
used conventional firefighting methods, greatly exacerbating the
situation), they finally listened to the engineers and stabilized
the remains of the melted reactor.  Not so the Japanese; last I
heard they have not even /located/ the fissionable material that's
still cooking merrily along.
According to a National Geographic article citing Japanese govt.
sources, groundwater from under the Fukushima complex was entering
the Pacific at a rate of 300 tons daily.  Same article said
strontium 90 was 100 times more abundant than cesium isotopes in
collected waste water stored on-site.
Reuters article from 2012: "Small amounts of cesium-137 and
cesium-134 were detected in 15 tuna caught near San Diego in
August 2011, about four months after these chemicals were released
into the water off Japan's east coast, scientists reported on Monday
Strotium was not tested for, as that costs way more than looking
for cesium isotopes.  Fun fact:  Strontium 90 mimics calcium and
concentrates in food chains.  The Japan Current runs north to the
Aleutians and east to North America.  But the Pacific based
seafood industries can breathe easy:  USDA has increases allowable
levels of hot isotopes, and if you can't prove in Court that a
particular environmental source caused your cancer, nobody is
So, how much /worse/ is Fukushima than Chernobyl?  As Gully Foyle
would say, "guesses for grabs."  My guess is, in terms of long
term environmental and human health, way worse.

@_date: 2016-03-19 15:01:04
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Noam Chomsky on the 2016 Republicans: 'I Have Never Seen Such Lunatics in the Political System' 
Hash: SHA1
well funded politicians appear to be "lunatics", keep your
back to the wall and your eyes on the nearest exit.  Better yet,
leave quickly and quietly if you can.

@_date: 2016-03-18 00:51:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Safe country for crypto products 
Hash: SHA1
Distributed development of software, involving people scattered
all over the world, is routine these days.  Adapting tools like
git and i2p to create hard to find, hard to suppress projects
physically hosted at multiple locations in mutually hostile legal
jurisdictions is only a question of motivation:  When the
perceived value of a project exceeds the costs of making it
"stateless" and very hard to suppress, people will most likely do
just that.  I can't think of any technical barriers.
People who are competent to make "crypto products" are uniquely
qualified to do that particular trick.

@_date: 2016-04-28 23:38:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome 
Hash: SHA1
Well I guess everyone who has seen Cryptome has their own opinion.
And flags set at NSA & GHCQ for full take and indefinite retention.
Cryptome is a website maintained by John Young and Deborah Natsios,
who do whatever they damn well please.  Go and do ye likewise.
Cryptome is a public nuisance, perpetrated with malice aforethought
and no remorse.  I like that.
Cryptome is your gateway to true wisdom, perfect happiness, and
perpetual bliss.  If you don't see that, look harder.
If you disapprove of Cryptome, register a domain name, rent server
space and do something you do approve of. I will write a review.
Cryptome is somebody's obsessive hobby.  If you want heroes, go buy a
comic book.
Cryptome is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.  When a
monkey looks into it, no wise philosopher looks back.
(I could go on all day.)

@_date: 2016-04-27 09:57:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Offtopic posts 
> So yes. fuck off with your whining. Not to mention that this list is based on PUNK and not just on crypto.
 > And that all those "punk without crypto issues"
 > AFFECT the crypto in the most serious way!
I was thinking along similar lines, given that "Fuck you, I do what I want" is as good a working definition of Punk as any.  On the other hand there is the Cypher- component of the title, so herding the anarchists in that general direction topic-wise is a community service in the category of maintenance:  A thankless menial task that makes the rest Anarchy is a journey, not a destination, so there is no point at which one can hang up a "mission accomplished" banner.  But Dilbert's pointy haired boss just got orders from /his/ boss to put back doors in the company's crypto-enabled products:
Also this:
"Michael Hayden, the former head of the CIA and the NSA, thinks the US government should stop railing against encryption and should support strong crypto rather than asking for backdoors."
vs. It would not be accurate to say that the Cypherpunks have won the Crypto Wars that too is a journey, not a destination.  But damn.
Meanwhile, kicking around some of the "real world" topics that make crypto-anarchy relevant and necessary IRL seems appropriate to me, as long as the crypto- side of the equation doesn't get drowned out by the -anarchy side.  Subscribers who air their passionate ignorance on the political front serve as a reminder that propagandists see "smart people" as nothing but another demographic with exploitable weaknesses, an object lesson for all the "rebellious" folks out there.

@_date: 2016-04-19 14:29:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Do we have backup plan if this list disappears? 
Hash: SHA1
Last time I looked there was still a copy of the historical CPunk
archive from JYA alive on the i2p torrent network.  Maybe somebody
will periodically upload updated torrents?  Backups are nice,
distributed anonymized backups are even more so.
For interactive use in i2p space, CPunks could be recast as a
"forum", or just route any ole *NIX list server through i2p and
use native i2p mail addresses.  Of course that won't be a thing
until or unless going dark (-ish) suits a critical mass of
I don't see that happening any time soon.  But then, the world
ends tomorrow, replaced by an even stranger one than appeared when
the world ended yesterday.

@_date: 2016-04-18 17:53:18
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re:_Robert_De_Niro_and_Autism_=e2=80=93_a_Tragic_Drama_of?= =?UTF-8?Q?_Intimidation?= 
Hash: SHA1
My take, just for the hell of it:
1)  At least the best known early vaccines, and today's flu
vaccines, are placebos.
This is based on British public health statistics, consistently
showing mortality attributed to contagious diseases in radical
collapse before the introduction of vaccines against same, with no
noticeable acceleration in that collapse after the introduction of
the vaccines.  Long story short:  The entire impact of sanitary
sewer systems, safer water supplies, public health policy, public
health education and improved medical treatments for contagious
illness have been attributed to vaccines.
The studies most often cited in support of the effectiveness of
flu vaccines share a methodological error which, when corrected,
eliminates the appearance that flu vaccines have any effect,
either way, on mortality stats.  Long article, well worth reading:
- -matter/307723/
or 2)  Vaccines probably do not "cause" autism.  The illusion that
they do would be present either way, as Autistim Spectrum
disorders normally become apparent as developmental delays and
atypical behaviors at about the same age children are given their
first multiple doses of vaccines.  I do think it is very likely
that vaccination triggers earlier appearance of these symptoms due
to the systemic stress of immune system overload, toxic
preservatives, etc. produced by the vaccines.
There are so many possible chemical drivers of subtle, complex,
not-understood neurological disorders like autism that singling
out one cause for an "epidemic" would require detailed studies of
comparable populations who, for instance, do and do not eat
manufactured foodlike product (anything not accurately labelled
"organic"), do and do not live in households that use novel
biochemicals daily (soaps and detergents with synthetic
components, anything "scented", etc.), do and do not live in
regions subject to major environmental toxicity, etc.  Lots of
luck getting that funded.
In summary:
Immunology is the science that tells us how vaccines should work.
 It is a very complex technical discipline, looking at massively
complex organic processes.  Any long term, motivated effort by
immunologists to produce arguments for or against the
effectiveness of vaccines should produce the desired "proofs."
Funding is only available for studies that /assume/ vaccines work.
Epidemiology is the science that can tell us whether or not
vaccines work.  It is a fairly simple and straightforward
discipline, easily understandable by any literate person who makes
the effort, and it tells us that vaccines do not work.
A possible exception:  Veterinary vaccines might actually work.
If so, only because in the process of developing them, massively
iterated "terminal experiments" are possible.  Not so with humans,
alas; all one has to go on there is "according to our PharmaChem
funded research, this /should/ work," and "hey, at least it does
not appear to kill people outright, so where's the harm?"
Personally, I don't use them.

@_date: 2016-04-05 17:41:11
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: You thought it was just your local ISP messing with your HTTP traffic 
Hash: SHA1
Inadvertent (?) geek humor:
~/Desktop $ wget

@_date: 2016-04-06 19:42:54
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Why Poor Whites Chant Trump, Trump, Trump 
Hash: SHA1
Nobody has to "bypass" Congres; you have to take a bypass route to
include them in /any/ real decision making process at the Federal
level.  ;o)
More political fun:
The Power Elite, C. Wright Mills, Oxford University Press, 1956
"The power elite is composed of political, economic, and military
men, but this instituted elite is frequently in some tension: it
comes together only on certain coinciding points and only on
certain occasions of crisis. In the long peace of the nineteenth
century, the military were not in the high councils of state, not
of the political directorate, and neither were the economic men 
they made raids upon the state but they did not join its
directorate. During the thirties, the political man was
ascendant. Now the military and the corporate men are in top
"Of the three types of circle that compose the power elite today,
it is the military that has benefited the most in its enhanced
power, although the corporate circles have also become more
explicitly intrenched in the more public decision-making circles.
It is the professional politician that has lost the most, so much
that in examining the events and decisions, one is tempted to
speak of a political vacuum in which the corporate rich and the
high warlord, in their coinciding interests, rule.
Excerpt:  Mentioned this earlier, mentioning it again:
National Security and Double Government, Michael J. Glennon,
Harvard National Security Journal, 2014
"The United States has, in short, moved beyond a mere imperial
presidency to a bifurcated  system  a structure of double
government  in which even the President now exercises little
substantive control over the overall direction of U.S. national
security policy. Whereas Britains dual institutions evolved
towards a concealed republic, Americas have evolved in the
opposite direction, toward  greater centralization, less
accountability, and emergent autocracy."
Full text:  Recommended soundtrack:
(Pearl Jam, Do The Evolution)
Monarchies did not survive in the new environment created by high
volume trans-oceanic commerce, and the printing press.  Will
Militant Plutocracy survive in the new environment created by its
own unchecked exponential growth - and the Internet?

@_date: 2016-04-05 17:31:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Why Poor Whites Chant Trump, Trump, Trump 
Hash: SHA1
- -trump-trump-trump/
The attached chart referenced above, is one I have been
circulating for months.  It illustrates the result of boom and
bust cycles in the U.S. domestic economy.  With every boom and
bust cycle in the U.S. domestic economy, the income and assets gap
between the upper and lower classes grows wider.  That's probably
why these cycles exist.
Fun fact:  According to an article published in Forbes a couple of
years ago, 400 people own 1/2 the capital assets in the United
States.  Democratic self governance?  Yeah right, that's possible
in a Company Town that spans a continent.
Aside from quoting a little bit of Big Lie propaganda from a
history professor (the notion that Abe Lincoln campaigned as an
abolitionist), the article itself is entirely in line with my own
views on U.S. class warfare, including the role of racism therein.
Apparently it's a VERY popular article:  No sooner had I finished
reading it than a random passer-by mentioned it to me as something
I should read.

@_date: 2016-04-13 21:57:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: #FBIvApple: Cellbrite was just a ruse. "The Greys" cracked it. 
Hash: SHA1
Ditto the person or persons who found a way to attribute the crack
to someone outside the USG.
The SanBerdino* iPhone Massacre:  A Post Mortem
In a case involving "terrorism" and any "Middle Eastern person,"
the FBI has unlawful legal authority to hand a locked iPhone
containing material evidence to the NSA for cracking.  NSA hands
the phone back, locked up with timestamps undisturbed, along with
a pen drive holding the decrypted content of the device.  All of
this is done under "Top Secret, Sensitive Compartmentalized
Information" cover, as befits the work of a Double Nought Spy
service with a license to do whatever the fuck they want "to
protect and preserve America's Freedom."
Apple got a great publicity boost, Uncle got a shot at legalizing
all of the above and more, and that's the whole story of the big
public controversy.  As for the super-duper security sideshow
about how Apple uses unique hard coded keys to encrypt iPhone
contents, OK fine:  It's actually a decent system, and having the
details out there will result in a bump in sales to "security
conscious" consumers including Apple's /large/ consumer base in
the Federal sector.
Anybody who doubts that the NSA can routinely crack iPhone
encryption - when they have the physical device in hand - haven't
thought it through:  The problem is to read one number stored on
an IC chip.  We have the technology to do that, and the NSA has
the budget, facilities, mandate, and as many practice iPhones as
Apple will sell them.  They also have the resources to "borrow"
any technical documents they need from Apple, with or without
asking permission or telling Apple it happened.  iPhones are
common and reading out the contents of "locked" devices is one of
the reasons why the U.S. has a big budget technical intelligence
service.  It is more than safe to assume that reading out a locked
iPhone is a solved problem at NSA, a documented routine procedure.
 Processing the paperwork for an FBI request based on the word
"terrorism" probably took longer than cracking the iPhone.
The pretended "inability" of the FBI to obtain the contents of a
"Terrorist iPhone" was Security Theater, pure and simple.
Checking out the details of the narrative was necessary to
accurately assess the SanBerdino iPhone Massacre as Security
Theater, but that does not mean it was ever anything but that:  A
set piece show, attempting to set a precedent legalizing forced
Federal back doors in all digital devices made by vendors under
U.S. jurisdiction.
[ * See Frank Zappa and the Mothers, Let's Make The Water Turn
Black. ]

@_date: 2016-04-06 20:12:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Do you notice significant persistent change in climate? 
Hash: SHA1
In Central Florida in the 1960s, midwinter frost was very often
present in the morning in most open areas (think suburban yards).
By the 1980s frost was very rarely seen, and many who have lived
in the area since 2000 or so have never seen frost.  From at least
the 1960s through 1980s, seasonal hard freezes were seen during
most winters.  Since around 2000, hard freezes only happen when
major storm fronts come down from the Arctic.
In the same part of the world, a widespread and very visible
native plant called the beauty berry would produce the purple
berries it is named for in early fall, shortly after the last hot
day of the year.  This performance was synchronized across
hundreds of square miles.  Beginning in the late 1990s, the beauty
berry is no longer a reliable predictor of the weather:  It now
produces its berries in isolated patches, across a span of about
six weeks.
I think NASA, NOAA, and about 97% of geophysicists have noticed a
few things, too.  The physical models that account for and now
predict their observations are stupidly simple and easy to
understand - if one is willing to make the effort.
As for natural disasters, that's an awfully broad category.  The
more networked the world becomes, and the more motivated press
agencies are to present sensational images, the smaller the event
that qualifies as a "disaster" /and/ the more people hear about
them.  I suspect that any observed "increase" over the last few
decades would most likely be an illusion.

@_date: 2016-04-28 16:16:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Needs more hardware hacking dox 
Hash: SHA1
The "black box" in recently made motor vehicles is the Electronic
Control Module, a computer usually located under the dashboard on the
passenger side, right against the firewall.  It reads sensors and runs
servos throughout the engine, and stores diagnostic error messages
about same.  Today's version of a "racing cam" is a custom chip
installed in the ECM.  A modern automotive engine can not run with its
ECM disconnected.
The ECM also accepts inputs from the driver's controls, runs the
anti-lock braking servos, and controls dashboard readouts.  Some can
even drive the car, as Michael Hastings seems to have learned the hard
In recent vehicles equipped with GPS, the receiver should normally be
integral to the ECM, as is the radio that makes push updates to ECM
software and/or hostile remote control of the vehicle possible.
Factory supported LoJack style security systems and RF door keys would
also be integral to the ECM.
Details will vary, but ECMs made by one manufacturer for all of its
vehicles are usually very similar to one another.  Maintenance manuals
relevant to the make, model and year of the vehicle in question will
"tell all" - or at least, tell enough - if you can access the right ones
Most paranoid motor vehicle end users (I almost said "owners," silly
me) would be quite happy with their ECM's functions, IF its radios
were silenced.  Once the physical components of those radios have been
identified, "let me count the ways" to disable them without killing
the vehicle.
And that's were a project digging out those details, doing
constructive sabotage and publishing the details and results in one
place for e-z user access seems like a good idea to me.

@_date: 2016-04-27 20:37:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Needs more hardware hacking dox 
Hash: SHA1
I was thinking about step by step walk-throughs on things like:
* Generic and model-specific methods of reversibly (and not) disabling
automotive ECM radio.
* Positively preventing laptop WiFi signals from being broadcast
before the MAC address has been scrambled.
* Disabling built in microphones in computers and other network
capable devices
Most of the necessary info is on the networks, IF one knows the
applicable language and which sources to focus searches on.  Right now
I don't have the time for a new project but it's on my long term to-do
list until or unless somebody else does it.  Field testing - actually
doing the things described - makes a huge usability difference,
especially when writing for end users who do not have a background in
tinkering with electronics.  Things technologists take for granted and
would not mention can pop up as unbeatable obstacles when first timers
are trying to follow "simple" instructions.
A great example:

@_date: 2016-04-27 18:15:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Needs more hardware hacking dox 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)

@_date: 2016-05-31 12:52:59
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: There's no point in being a victim 
Hash: SHA1
This little polemic illustrates a classic political warfare technique
I call "rebel as you are told."  One of the most effective ways to
combat social/political reform movements is to create and promote
front groups that co-opt movements and factions with legitimate
grievances by presenting vindictive, divisive, self defeating versions
of same to the public.  This method is expensive but worth it, because
when it works an independent, self sustaining, self funding and self
defeating fad displaces a potentially effective reform movement - and
whoever is profiting from the abuses of power the original reform
movement sought to remove can rest easy for a decade or more.
I believe this tactic evolved from the simple black propaganda
technique of creating bogus advocates to stand up strawmen in the name
of various real-life reform campaigns.  Someone noticed that these
strawmen can be taken at face value by naive people whose interests it
pretends to speak for, and ran with it.

@_date: 2016-05-29 15:46:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: A promising method to thwart global surveillence 
Hash: SHA1
Seems a simple question: The more data you are hiding, and the more
capable one's adversary, the less likely that steganography will work.
I think "code book" steganography, where pre-determined messages from
a list of messages known only to the sender and receiver are
transmitted via fully visible message timing, content, etc. is very
likely to work until or unless a copy of the code book falls into
hostile hands.
Example: "Any forum post from me, transmitted during an even numbered
hour, is an emergency distress call. Any forum post from you
transmitted during an even numbered hour means "help is on the way,"
odd numbered hour means "sorry, you're on your own."
Hiding arbitrary data inside media files by flipping bits is likely to
fool a human observer, but unlikely to pass through a stego detection
filter without tripping an alarm.

@_date: 2016-05-28 00:17:26
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Random Number Generator article 
Hash: SHA1
Wow!  Canonical entropy from nowhere, just like magic!  Until or
unless your adversary observes you collecting samples from publicly
available sources and starts working backward from there.
Gimme the XOR of a few spark gaps or back-biased tunnel diodes any
day.  Laws of physics vs. clever arguments...

@_date: 2016-05-11 15:40:18
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Florida -is- part of USA right? - Lee County jailed an election fraud whistleblower 
Hash: SHA1
Do you mean that sandbar that got taken over from the KKK by the CIA,
CAP and MAF during the Kennedy Administration?  The dumping ground for
all the human flotsam and jetsam of the entire U.S. Northeast and
Midwest?  The one that whole mountains are torn down for coal to power
its air conditioners?  Leading importer of Federal benefit checks,
leading exporter of black market prescription narcotics?  Amerka's
Corporate Welfare Wonderland of Free Stuff, anti-regulation and Union
Busting?  Home base and test market for emergent mass surveillance,
predictive criminology, and multi-jurisdiction police Bureaus of
Ain't never been there, Chamber of Commerce tells me it's nice.

@_date: 2016-05-03 02:08:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Needs more hardware hacking dox 
Hash: SHA1
I would have thought it obvious that I was talking about laptops,
where people (even Fox Muldur per a recent X Files episode) actually
do that tape thing.  Everyone knows that a phone has a built in
microphone, nobody forgets that.  Portable workstation computers?  Not
so much, except those who do use them routinely for teleconferencing.
 Hence the comic aspect of tape over the lens with a live microphone
If one is concerned about being tracked during a specific time frame
via a "smart" phone, the solutions include:  Leave it home, ask a
friend to take it on a trip with them, or pull the battery.  Which to
use depends on the cause of that concern and other unique parameters.
Since user surveillance, tracking and profiling is commercially
valuable to the vendors of IOT gadgetry, software solutions will be
placebos, or at best an arms race with the vast majority of end users
on the loser's bench for the duration.
Fact of the matter is, the most practical and reliable means of
addressing privacy concerns related to the "internet of things" is at
the gross hardware level DIY level, by disabling sensor and/or comms
components where and as the user deems this a good trade off.

@_date: 2016-05-23 19:34:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: FBI Black Helicopters Spying And Databasing Everything, Including Your Barbecue 
Hash: SHA1
etc. ]
Good catch!  With July 4 coming up the Take Back The Fourth people
should have uses for this and similar paranoia vs. rage inducing
In military aviation circles, black airplanes (which include
helicopters) are ones without tail numbers, that don't file flight
plans and keep their transponders off.  So the FBI and DHS flights
reported in the Buzzfeed article were anything but:  Their identities
and flight paths are highly visible in the public record.
That's enough to make me conclude that these missions have are mostly
about burning allocated budgets in time for renewal, and normalizing
"routine" aerial surveillance in advance of any Court challenges
regarding specific abuses.  Whether the redundancy of building
frequently updated high resolution Google Earth type views of
"amusing" landscapes will be of any practical use is probably not a
factor in whether or not they happen, and get paid for.  I would be
more interested in knowing what IT vendors are involved and how much
they are making, than in what they are storing and how they are
processing it.
Re black airplanes, I have seen four:  All in Orlando, FL which is a
major epicenter of surveillance tech development.  One late afternon
in early December of 1999 three literal black helicopters flew over
the downtown area at low altitude, passing directly over the City Hall
building.  They looked like customized passenger carriers, with Big
shrouds over their engines.  Their rotors were startlingly quiet:  I
expected to see a helicopter at normal altitude in the distance when I
looked up, and three passed directly overhead just above treetop
level.  At the time I guessed Somebody was putting on a show,
demonstrating their ability to evacuate any "important" people from
downtown in the event of a Y2K Bug Apocalypse.
A couple of years later, about a half mile from the same spot, an all
white helicopter with no markings /or/ visible windows stood station
for about 15 minutes at about 1500 feet, 1/4 mile south of a small
anti-war demonstration at Colonial Drive and Magnolia.  At the same
time, a team was working the crowd - taking names and "why you came
out today" under the guise of "I'm a journalism student." This was
done under the watchful eye of a guy in shades at the back of the
crowd who was taking notes between holding a non-stop conversation
with his cuff links.  The FBI had just opened a brand new
"anti-terrorism" school in town.

@_date: 2016-05-27 15:26:19
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: A promising method to thwart global surveillence 
Hash: SHA1
I wasn't able to find much detail on that case (in just a couple of
minutes), but it appears that the crew in question were reportedly
using a "custom" stego application to hide documents in photos.
Steganalysis tools that look for statistical and other anomalies in
photos (or audio, etc.) have been under development since ever, and
seem to work very well; presumably NSA et al have way better ones than
we do.  This suggests that the only way to make steganograhy work
against State actors is to "act normal" and hope for the best, i.e.
that your message traffic will not be inspected.  This may sound like
it would work, given the terabytes per millisecond of potential
carrier files crossing the networks - way more than can be stored and
analyzed fast enough for full coverage.
Only one little problem:  Everyone who has traveled to any "hostile
jurisdiction" and everyone who has ever used the word "steganography"
in a cleartext message, visited websites on the topic, participated in
any kind of online discussion about cryptography, etc. is a small
enough set that a large part of /their/ message traffic could be
routinely inspected for hidden content by State level actors.  So that
leaves most spies and all of /us/ out in the cold.
Not sure how Truecrypt volumes constitute steganography. Padded
ciphertext is still ciphertext, plain as day.
If state-level actors are /caught/ using these methods against the
NSA, that would tend to demonstrate that the methods in question do
not work against State actors.
Hiding files inside of files seems to be a bust, but that's not the
only vector for steganography.  Manipulating the timing of signal
traffic, the timing of "real" environmental noise in audio recordings,
the presence/absence/number/postion of certain objects in normal
photographs, the presence/location of specific words in text files
etc. could convey covert messages with little or no risk of detection
through automated analysis - but could not hide kilo- or megabytes of
information per carrier file.
Any practical stego detection protocol should include native analysis
of images embedded in PDF files, with no additional computational
overhead vs. analyzing plain old image files.  In the case of
analyzing the content of seized computer, the presence of stego tools
should assure full steganalysis of all relevant files - and stored
message traffic to and from the user.
Me neither, but I used to be very interested in stenography.  Reading
up on the subject led me to the conclusion that it should work /great/
against adversaries who "suspect nothing" and/or don't know that
stenography exists.  Other adversaries, not so much - unless, as noted
above, one is using a system more akin to a code than a cipher, which
hides a /few/ bits of information in plain sight via the presence,
absence or position of "normal" content in text or media files.

@_date: 2016-06-26 00:40:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: surprise! 
Hash: SHA1
Well for the curios...
wget ... yields s a file named aeiyjr, which is a text file with the content:
I didn't bother to look at fatworkgoodgold.com, but the host appears
to be a Crowncloud US LLC, 701 Northpoint Pkwy, Suite 400, c/o Jesse
Wiggins, West Palm Beach FL, 1-940-867-4072
Canned pork shoulder, anyone?

@_date: 2016-06-25 17:13:31
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Conspiracy theorist definition. 
Hash: SHA1
The "conspiracy theory" meme was widely circulated by the CIA in a
1967 memo to its private sector press agents titled Countering
Criticism of the Warren Commission Report, advising them in detail on
how to assist in the suppression of independent investigation of the
JFK murder.  This document was released in 1976 in response to a New
York Times FOIA filing, as CIA Document 1035-960.
"Innuendo of such seriousness affects not only the individual
concerned, but also the whole reputation of the American government.
Our organization itself is directly involved: among other facts, we
contributed information to the investigation. Conspiracy theories have
frequently thrown suspicion on our organization, for example by
falsely alleging that Lee Harvey Oswald worked for us. The aim of this
dispatch is to provide material countering and discrediting the claims
of the conspiracy theorists, so as to inhibit the circulation of such
claims in other countries. Background information is supplied in a
classified section and in a number of unclassified attachments."
The agency also directed its members to employ propaganda assets to
[negate] and refute the attacks of the critics. Book reviews and
feature articles are particularly appropriate for this purpose.
Full text:
Today, State sponsored propagandists have embraced the cottage
industry promoting "conspiracy theories" on the Internet as an
effective weapon of information warfare.  Although the Internet makes
censorship of unwelcome information difficult or impossible once it is
in circulation, staining such information with the taint of "lunatick
bullshit" is easy:  Find or create false, easily disproven narratives
describing the same subject matter, and assure that they are
prominently featured and vigorously promoted by click bait website
operators whose sites are already loaded with obviously delusional
content.  Social media promotion by a self recruiting army of
volunteer nut jobs does the rest.

@_date: 2016-06-01 17:29:54
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: A promising method to thwart global surveillence 
Hash: SHA1
Short answer:  Statistical analysis; naturally occurring noise and
noise introduced from a "random" source (i.e. encrypted data) and/or
at random positions in the data stream are quantifiably different.
Longer answer:  Longest answer:  Stenography & watermarking vs. detection of same is
an ongoing arms race, with substantial advantages on the attacker's side
Example of do-it-yourself steganalysis:

@_date: 2016-06-03 18:45:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Tor (and other nets) probably screwed by Traffic Analysis by now 
Hash: SHA1
Anonymized routing protocols are designed to defeat passive
observation and limited traffic manipulation by hostile actors.  But
what if an effectively unlimited number of compromised routers,
subject to realtime observation and internal manipulation, were
available to hostile actors?  Game over, I think.
About 15 years ago I used online traceroute utilities and whois
lookups to determine (roughly) where all the high performing Mixmaster
remailers were physically located.  Over half of them, including most
with "exotic sounding" TLDs, were apparently in the state of Texas.
Then I used my data to construct "hard to compromise" chains, routing
Mixmaster messages through national jurisdictions not likely to have
comprehensive data sharing between their security services, and
started sending test messages.  None of these test messages ever made
it back to me.
So I concluded that, despite its major technical superiority to other
anonymized networking protocols, the Mixmaster network was most likely
compromised by passive observation (one owner for a majority of
reliable remailers) and active intervention (traffic between
uncontrolled remailers interrupted in transit).
Owning enough of the routers in an anonymizing network to negate its
security is largely a question of money:  How much budget to you have,
how certain do you want to be that nobody is really anonymous?
If I had to neutralize an anonymous routing network, my approach would
be to set up a cloud server running thousands of instances of the
router software in question, customized to facilitate monitoring by a
hypervisor.  Each of these routers would be connected via VPN to a
unique remote host, which would function as a transparent proxy.  The
proxy hosts could be machines owned by "friendly" actors, rooted
consumer grade routers, purpose built appliances, conventional Windows
botnets or some combination of these.
I have not seen this method of attack described and named; I call it a
"hydra" attack, because one body, many heads.  I think this mode of
attack deserves competent attention (i.e., not by me) because realtime
observation and manipulation of any desired quantity of routers would
provide solutions to any distributed anonymous routing protocol.
The only defence I can think of is to assure that message traffic
passes back and forth between mutually hostile national jurisdictions
before delivery.  This would be a bit of a hairball to implement, lots
of slippery variables and potential counter-actions by hostiles would
have to be taken into account.  But this approach could increase the
cost and reduce the reliability of Hydra attacks against anonymizing
Long story short:  If you want to be /really/ anonymous in the
presence of hostile State sponsored actors, do not rely on a
software-only approach:  Use physical security measures to conceal
your identity from the physical router that connects you to the
Internet, because most or all of the anonymizing routers your traffic
passes through may be owned and controlled by the very people you are
hiding from.

@_date: 2016-06-02 17:29:10
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Tor (and other nets) probably screwed by Traffic Analysis by now 
Hash: SHA1
It seems to me that high capacity routers would take a performance hit
from the number crunching and caching requirements of semi-anonymizing
all network traffic.  A proposal to redo the whole Internet in some
such protocol would be hard to sell.  People who "want" some measure
of privacy are willing to make cost and performance trade-offs
proportional to their motivation; but bulk data carriers and large
hosting providers are more interested in shaving fractional pennies
off data transactions than in end user privacy.
How much of the network can an adversary see, vs. how big a
performance hit do you need to take to reduce your profile?  Dummy
traffic makes matching the ends of a hidden path orders of magnitude
harder, so the numbers crunched and bandwidth consumed might be an
overall performance tradeoff win.

@_date: 2016-06-07 00:25:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [private] Re: [tor-talk] http://jacobappelbaum.net/ 
Hash: SHA1
Since nobody asked, here's a description of why neither TOR nor any
other existing or presently planned anonymizing protocol I know of can
be relied on to conceal a user's identity from the Five Eyes or any of
several other hostile actors.  I surface this concept every year or
so, but so far nobody seems interested in discussing it.  Maybe it's
just too discouraging to think about.  No matter who created it or
why, TOR and similar mix networks are at best security theater,
relative to top tier State adversaries.
Quoting myself from an earlier post:
Anonymized routing protocols are designed to defeat passive
observation and limited traffic manipulation by hostile actors.  But
what if an effectively unlimited number of compromised routers,
subject to realtime observation and internal manipulation, were
available to hostile actors?  Game over, I think.
About 15 years ago I used online traceroute utilities and whois
lookups to determine (roughly) where all the high performing Mixmaster
remailers were physically located.  Over half of them, including most
with "exotic sounding" TLDs, were apparently in the state of Texas.
Then I used my data to construct "hard to compromise" chains, routing
Mixmaster messages through national jurisdictions not likely to have
comprehensive data sharing between their security services, and
started sending test messages.  None of these test messages ever made
it back to me.
So I concluded that, despite its major technical superiority to other
anonymized networking protocols, the Mixmaster network was most likely
compromised by passive observation (one owner for a majority of
reliable remailers) and active intervention (traffic between
uncontrolled remailers interrupted in transit).
Owning enough of the routers in an anonymizing network to negate its
security is largely a question of money:  How much budget to you have,
how certain do you want to be that nobody is really anonymous?
If I had to neutralize an anonymous routing network, my approach would
be to set up a cloud server running thousands of instances of the
router software in question, customized to facilitate monitoring by a
hypervisor.  Each of these routers would be connected via VPN to a
unique remote host, which would function as a transparent proxy.  The
proxy hosts could be machines owned by "friendly" actors, rooted
consumer grade routers, purpose built appliances, conventional Windows
botnets or some combination of these.
I have not seen this method of attack described and named; I call it a
"hydra" attack, because one body, many heads.  I think this mode of
attack deserves competent attention (i.e., not by me) because realtime
observation and manipulation of any desired quantity of routers would
provide solutions to any distributed anonymous routing protocol.
The only defense I can think of is to assure that message traffic
passes back and forth between mutually hostile national jurisdictions
before delivery.  This would be a bit of a hairball to implement, lots
of slippery variables and potential counter-actions by hostiles would
have to be taken into account.  But this approach could increase the
cost and reduce the reliability of Hydra attacks against anonymizing
protocols.  Somewhat.  Probably not enough for "life safety" application
Long story short:  If you want to be /really/ anonymous in the
presence of hostile State sponsored actors, do not rely on a
software-only approach:  Use physical security measures to conceal
your identity from the physical router that connects you to the
Internet, because most or all of the anonymizing routers your traffic
passes through may be owned and controlled by the very people you are
hiding from.

@_date: 2016-06-06 17:00:06
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [private] Re: [tor-talk] http://jacobappelbaum.net/ 
Hash: SHA1
Anyone who is visible on the Internet for any substantial length of
time will attract both admirers, wannabe rivals and self appointed
"watchdogs" regardless of anything said or done in real life.  Widely
broadcast accusations backed by no verifiable independent sources only
indicate that someone, somewhere is pissed off.
To the people who "know" that TOR is a complete sham designed to
compromise unwary users, Appelbaum ranks with Hitler, Stalin and
Attila the Hun.  To those who "know" that TOR is the bestest weapon in
the whole Freedom Fighter arsenal, he is the noblest of heroes.  Both
views are dead wrong.  Whether TOR is harmful or helpful depends
entirely on how well its users understand both what it does, and what
their potential adversaries can do about it.
Since the Five Eyes & aligned regimes can easily afford to literally
own and monitor a majority of nodes in any distributed anonymous
routing network (ask me about the Hydra protocol), neither TOR nor any
other planned or proposed anonymizing network provides more than fig
leaf security against that particular cluster of adversaries.  The
same goes for BRICS aligned adversaries.  But even against this
category of attack, TOR may be a useful component in a physical
security protocol for hit-and-run network access.  Against less
capable surveillance actors, TOR is "good enough" unless the operating
system it runs on has itself been compromised.
The largest proven security hazard with TOR is that end users will
disclose their identity in the content of cleartext at an exit node,
either literally or by engaging in stereotyped behavior matching a
profile developed from open public sources, i.e. textual analysis
attacks.  No "airtight" security protocol has ever survived contact
with end users.

@_date: 2016-06-08 20:11:19
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The cheap low risk node majority attack, pki, geoip, etc 
Hash: SHA1
The big error I see is your apparent belief that TOR should be able to
do impossible things, and interpreting its failure to do so as
evidence of malicious intent by its sponsors and developers.
Overly enthusiastic fans of tools like TOR promise "airtight
security," because they believe that airtight security is possible.
Overly enthusiastic critics of TOR and similar tools demand the same
impossible performance, and consider anything less to be a betrayal of
public trust.
One of the most effective ways to defeat a grass roots political
adversary is to build and unleash opposing camps of True Believers to
fight for and against a simplistic, misrepresented version of whatever
the "unwelcome" advocates are trying to accomplish.  What makes this
approach so effective is that people will do it ALL BY THEMSELVES in
many instances; guiding them to do it harder, faster and better is no
challenge at all if one has a budget for that.
I don't imagine that every outspoken critic of my little ideas is a
paid enemy agent; I prefer a more evidence based brand of paranoia.
To me, the tempest in TOR's teacup looks like a perfectly natural
phenomenon, driven by false hope vs. harsh reality problems.  Everyone
has a right to petition the Universe for redress of grievances against
the laws of physics; this can even be productive, as and when it leads
to an improved understanding of those laws.

@_date: 2016-06-08 19:24:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The cheap low risk node majority attack, pki, geoip, etc 
Hash: SHA1
Something like that did cross my mind, and I'm glad you expanded on
the theme.  Here we see the difference between a "protocol" as defined
in software, and a "protocol" for face to face human interaction.  In
theory, the approach outlined above would make a network like TOR
orders of magnitude more effective.
But a problem remains:  Software based solutions are easy to deploy,
"just do it."  End users who know something happened (likely a small
minority, unless the changes degrade service) can keep using, drop
out, or fork the project.  Meatspace based solutions are hard:  They
require the informed participation of /numerous/ geographically
dispersed participants.  Compare the case of the PGP web of trust:  It
only works if a critical mass of well informed, proactive end users
make it work.
Getting enough TOR users to do real work in the real world to register
themselves as TOR users sounds like a non-starter to me.

@_date: 2016-06-07 22:51:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The cheap low risk node majority attack, pki, geoip, etc 
Hash: SHA1
So in other words, I'm right, you're wrong, and you know it?

@_date: 2016-06-07 20:00:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The cheap low risk node majority attack, pki, geoip, etc 
Hash: SHA1
Garbage, please do not post "False."  TOR can be used effectively as a
component in tactical security protocols, because TOR can prevent
identification of users who do brief hit-and-run network access via
physical routers not associated with the users in question.
And of course, TOR can be up to 100% effective against adversaries who
are /not/ top tier signals intelligence services.

@_date: 2016-06-07 18:59:26
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The cheap low risk node majority attack, pki, geoip, etc 
Hash: SHA1
Making users prove they are human without disclosing any personally
identifying information is not an easy task.  As far as I know, nobody
has found a way to do it.
The closest the IT industries have come so far is the CAPTCHA.
Automated CAPTCHA breaking methods include forwarding the challenge
image, puzzle or etc. to 3rd party websites where users solve CAPTCHAS
to access content, and submitting those users' solutions back the site
your automated gadget wants to fool.
Routing TOR traffic back and forth across mutually hostile borders
would indeed be easy to do.  It only requires, as Dr. Strangelove
would say, The WILL to do so!
However, this would lead to...
The State Department funds TOR to defeat national firewalls of
"repressive regimes", enabling communication favorable to the U.S.
National Interest. TOR is a two edged sword that can also be used
against the National Interest, so the NSA thinks TOR stinks.  But
apparently State, CIA etc. will not give TOR up, because of its role
in the development and management of dissident groups in countries
slated for destruction.
A really big bump in TOR traffic crossing the borders of "repressive
regimes" could create traffic jams that degrade TOR's performance
right where the State Department wants TOR to work best, and escalate
the arms race between TOR and the operators of national firewall
filters.  This would shift the cost/benefit ratio for TOR's sponsors
in the wrong direction.  Hence "hairball."
One possible solution would be to build privacy directly into Internet
protocols.  That could drive the costs associated with network
surveillance way up compared to today's rates, while making TOR and
etc. redundant.
Of course, every State and Corporate stakeholder will unite against
implementing any such scheme, even if practicable solutions are found.
 But someday, somewhere a window of opportunity might open up, and
meanwhile "there's no such thing as wasted basic research."

@_date: 2016-06-09 17:10:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Bittorrent starting to move entirely within anonymous overlay nets 
Hash: SHA1
Beauty part:  With great user base comes great anonymity sets and
routing node counts, hence less responsibility.  Considering who we
are asked to be responsible to, and what they do with that supposed
authoritah, win.

@_date: 2016-06-28 00:18:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks is the Endgame 
Hash: SHA1
Very obvious he had zip point zero to do with the 911 event; to get
his foreknowledge and participation into the record, it was necessary
to promote a video featuring a short, fat, hook nosed
gold-ring-wearing asshole as "Bin Ladin."
Fairly obvious he died in the winter of 2001/2 as well, IF one
examines the available information with this possibility in mind.

@_date: 2016-06-27 09:13:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks is the Endgame 
Hash: SHA1
Pardon me for butting in, but I noticed you calling human beings
"parasites" and given us a murderer's definition of pacifism.
The other day Juan called me a motherfucker among other silly things.
 I take that as an endorsement, but then, I'm an anarchist.
In our present context, Moderation is to Censorship as the Just War
Theory is to public mass murder for private profit.  I believe you
will find that similar views prevail in the local community.
Here's one for the lofty philosophical quotes file:
The difference between pacifism and passive-ism is an appreciation of
the difference between force and violence.

@_date: 2016-06-09 15:29:13
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Internet As Govt Self Suicide Device 
Hash: SHA1
This faith-based global development plan was created by think tanks
and economic planners telling The Boss only and exactly what he wants
to hear:
This evidence based assessment of best to median case outcomes for
industrial civilization in the mid term future was created by a
geophysicist who apparently doesn't give a fuck what the boss wants to
In a world where the State's sole function is to convert money into
power, and power back into money in an accelerating feedback cycle,
the head on collision of these two models is already a done deal.
Lemming herders FTW.

@_date: 2016-06-09 15:42:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Is there a moderated version of cpunks? 
Hash: SHA1
Once upon a time, dialup bandwidth and megabyte-scale storage devices
justified forum censorship on practical grounds.
These days, any forum with "punk" in its name where "anarchy" is
considered on-topic can easily afford to allow freedom of speech.
To build your very own moderated digest of cpunks at home in your
spare time, get a MUA with spam filtering capabilities.
Personally, I'm a "keep your friends close and your enemies closer"
kind of guy.
Lao Tzu say:
When the worst student hears about the way
He laughs out loud.
If he did not laugh
It would be unworthy of being the way.

@_date: 2016-06-12 13:18:07
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: the challenge of becoming an anarchist - why nearly everyone's a statist 
Hash: SHA1
[description of issue oriented populist political activism omitted ]
Plus one on that.  Let me get out my Norton II hat & soap box for a
minute here.
Anarchism provides a frame of reference that enables us to understand
how systems of government actually work, and what we can do with and
to them in purely practical terms. Anarchism does not propose a
Utopian system of government to replace the ones already in place, nor
is it a call to "smash the State" and replace it with nothing.
Anarchism describes a group of people who work together for mutual
advantage as a syndicate.  Syndicates organize themselves to develop and
exploit resources for social and economic gain, often in competition
against rival syndicates and among their own membership.
In a stable going concern State, law and public policy are whatever
its dominant syndicates impose by force on the rest of the people in
the territory they control through the State.  In this context force
means applied power, not just physical violence:  Propaganda,
elaborate deceptions and economic incentives do all the heavy lifting.
 Competent State authorities only apply kidnapping and murder when
other methods of manipulation fail:  Violence "is wrong" in the sense
that, except in the context of terrorism (using the threat of violence
to enforce compliant behavior), violence destroys valuable resources
that "should" properly belong to the dominant syndicates.
Anarchists study politics as social power:  Who has it, who does not,
and how these groups interact.  As such, Anarchism provides a frame of
reference for analyzing and comparing various "systems of government"
and for modifying these systems where and as useful opportunities to
do so arise.  A State sanctioned discipline called Human Ecology seeks
to exploit anarchist theory for the exclusive benefit of dominant
Anarchy becomes a visible "force" when and as enough previously
unorganized people push back against State sanctioned syndicates to
forcibly modify those syndicates' behavior.  When dominant syndicates
controlling a State lose touch with reality and exceed the bounds of
their real social power, they may do enough physical and economic harm
to motivate active rebellion among formerly docile State subjects.  At
these times, Anarchists provide propaganda, educational resources, and
facilitation to enable formerly unorganized people to form effective
ad hoc syndicates of their own, and exercise the specific forms of
social and economic power accessible to them.
In the context of political warfare, Anarchism functions as a force
mltiplier:  By themselves, anarchists do not have the material
resource base needed to affect significant changes in the behavior of
State sanctioned syndicates.  But where and as substantial numbers of
disenfranchised people begin to demand social and economic power of
their own, anarchists can facilitate the rapid development of
effective organization, realistic goal setting, and effective action
by those motivated people.  Some call this process Direct Democracy.
As a countermeasure to the potential impact of Anarchist theory and
practice on the behavior of populations dominated by powerful minority
syndicates, State sanctioned propagandists present a fictional version
of Anarchism based on nihilism.  States spare no expense in promoting
and reinforcing a false definition of Anarchy as "violent opposition
to social order of any kind."  Naive self identifying anarchists who
rebel as they are told by State sponsored propagandists provide
"living proof" that the State's definition of Anarchy is correct.  The
well promoted presence of these pseudo-anarchists on mass
communication networks diverts and obstructs public access to
Anarchist resources - except where and as "real" anarchists
effectively weaponize their own understanding of propaganda and
information warfare techniques.
Well that's enough about that for now.
Get busy.

@_date: 2016-06-17 16:56:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Kropotkin -vs- Darwin. Humanity, Cooperation and Mutual Aid -vs- Egoism and Pitiless Struggle; S 
Hash: SHA1
Here's mine:
Over the years three people have told me the same curious story about
how their dog died:  Old and sick, about ready to go, the dog went out
and disappeared:  To be found later, having dug a fairly deep hole in
the ground some distance away from the house, backed into it, and died
there.  None of these animals was "in the habit" of digging holes and
camping there.
An animal that is about to die will not reproduce.  That beast has
already been dealt out of the game.  Yet somehow, the domesticated
canine has acquired a genetic program for a solitary funeral rite:  A
practical one, that inhibits the spread of disease and minimizes
attraction of scavengers etc. to the site.  How is that possible?
The all-conquering Dominant Individual may or may not contribute to
the survival of a community that includes his or her own offspring.
But the individual whose behavior actually does contribute to the
survival of that community increases the odds of his or her
descendants out-competing those of other local communities.  Add
massively iterated trial and error and viola:  Whatever neurophysical
mechanism inspires a dying dog to do that unlikely ritual became a
factory stock feature in the canine world.
The recently popular book Sex At Dawn includes a fatal critique of
"what we think we know" about those horrible killer apes whose example
supposedly explains and excuses human ultra-violence.  Among other
examples, it turns out that foraging apes, when presented with a
single super high value food source daily by anthropologists who want
to study them, do begin to fight over control of that pile of fruit.
The most dominant individuals "would rather let it rot" than allow
others to share it:  A massively iterated genetic trial and error
process prepared them to defend high value food items "as if" there
was only enough for one or two individuals - because that is usually
true of "rare goodies" found while foraging.  But meanwhile, when
observed foraging in the wild, members of the same species tend to
announce their finds to attract others to areas where more goodies are
likely to be found, by bragging on the way cool find /they/ own.
Among Homo Saps, the massive advantages of language and technology
have given a free ride to individuals who get top marks in
intelligence, strength and psychopathy.  They organize for mutual
advantage and spread their contra-survival social traits through the
population like a wildfire.  Thanks to abstract language, the capacity
to lie gives them a powerful arsenal of behavioral manipulation
techniques and they will seize on any opportunity to rationalize and
glorify their violent behavior.  Their cult of the "rugged individual"
and deification of those who accumulate the most wealth and power at
the expense of the community has yet to be bred out of the human
species by massively iterated trial and error.
One of these days I'm gonna create a propaganda poster modeled on the
heroic art of the NSDAP, featuring our favorite Objectivist, with the
inspirational slogan:  "Ein Volk, Ein Reich, Ayn Rand."

@_date: 2016-06-29 23:21:54
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Filling out captchas helps google train AI models 
Hash: SHA1
I have run into sites where their 100% insoluble captchas were used to
support the pretense of a "free" service option for non-subscribers.
Apparently their SEO consultants* saw some benefit in annoying the
hell out of users and discouraging them from believing that the sites
in question work at all, paid account or not.
Also, what better way for a centralized captcha provider to sabotage a
website than to flag it to receive insoluble captchas?
* I originally typed "crooked SEO consultants" but that is redundant.

@_date: 2016-06-22 17:43:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: comprehending the heart's nationalism 
Hash: SHA1
My take-away:
"The notion of retaliation, as such, is absent from Russian folklore,
as if it were never part of the original 'genetic code' of its people
 the Russian champion has always gone to war as a liberator."
In regions where the climate tries to kill everyone for months on end
every year, "common sense" social behavior and resulting cultural
norms benefit from a massively iterated sorting process; those who are
naturally inclined toward cooperation and a reasonable amount of
self-sacrifice tend to outlive those who are not so inclined.  Given
enough time this sorting process will affect the physical genome as
well as the implicit semantic content of "culture."
Bad weather makes good neighbors.  I have been saying this since I was
a teenager, having by then lived in a range of locations from tropical
to sub-arctic.
Of course there are a lot of other variables.  Civilization so-called
is pure poison to the human spirit as well as the natural world it
exploits, ruins and discards in the name of Progress.  The pervasive
propaganda narrative describing Western civilization as the ascent of
Man from barbarous savagery to nobility and enlightenment may be the
biggest Big Lie ever told.

@_date: 2016-06-24 04:26:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Publicly Usable Secure Rooms 
Sensitive Compartmentalized Information Facility.
Control had a portable version of the cone of silence - basically two
plexiglass fish bowls connected by a tube - but of course it got stuck
on the Chief's head then ended up shattered the first time it was deployed.
I have come to realize the Agent 86 may have been the greatest
intelligence officer of his generation:  That is if, as I now suspect,
he was working for Kaos all along.  Smart wasted vast amounts of
Control's money, misdirected 100% of its manpower and resources toward a
crew of small time losers who were probably a KGB front set up for the
purpose, and completely demoralized Control's Chief and (all but one of)
his fellow Agents.  And they fell for it.  To such an extent that
Control went out of business for good just five years after Smart showed
up on the record as its "top Agent."

@_date: 2016-06-23 23:19:47
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Publicly Usable Secure Rooms 
"I demand the cone of silence!"
Sorry about that, Chief.

@_date: 2016-06-23 17:16:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Publicly Usable Secure Rooms 
Hash: SHA1
The word "honeypot" comes to mind at once.  If "you and yours" did not
set up, maintain, and control access to such a space, "secure" does
not belong in its name.
The presence of the word "public" also raises an eyebrow, as "no
security protocol has ever survived contact with end users."
Maybe I exaggerate a little.  Maybe not.  These objections do not rule
out the possibility of something useful being accomplished, only point
out challenges that will need creative solutions and constant attention.

@_date: 2016-06-28 19:53:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [OT] Five Simple Rules 
Hash: SHA1
It's entirely my pleasure.
Many people I know credit Prometheus Rising, also by Wilson, for
saving their so-called "sanity."  Wilson presents Timothy Leary's
neurosomatic model of human development, motivation and behavior in
practical, relevant layman's terms.  This model is "true" in the sense
that I have seen it produce practical results.
This revered Holy Book by Wislon, Bob Shea and other contributors is a
lot of fun; may puzzling Internet in-jokes will make sense after
reading.  It's amazing what can happen when smart people take LSD.

@_date: 2016-06-28 05:09:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [OT] Five Simple Rules 
What is truth?
Pilate asked this question to underline the fact that in his house, his
words were true simply because he said them.  That's a fringe benefit of
working under authority granted by a living God, i.e. the Roman Emperor.
Truth in the common, everyday sense means honest reporting. "Telling the
truth" is no guarantee of factual accuracy per evidence unknown to the
speaker, or reasoning not used by the speaker, but a best effort by all
involved leads to useful results.  An engineer might say that truth is
whatever concepts and data provide maximum practical utility.
Propagandists take a very utilitarian approach since manufacturing truth
is their stock in trade.  Professionals in that field have no delusion
that truth cam exist independently of the interests it serves.
In formal games including maths, truth is whatever complies with the
rules of the game.  Among my favorite "truths" is the family of logical
statements that are both true (well formed) and self contradictory, i.e.
Goedel's incompleteness theorem.  These formally provable truths pop the
bubble of "objectivity," leaving us in a world where, at best, truth is
context-dependent and strictly local.
Another way to look at truth is in the context of "authenticity."  Is a
given person "true to" his or herself?  Conscious of the role of the
individual as an active participant in creating truth?  This take on
truth puts it in the same bucket as freedom and beauty; the stuff of
art, not science.
Recommended reading on truth and related topics: Quantum Psychology by
Robert Anton Wilson.  Dropbox link to PDF courtesy of the Erisian
Liberation Front.

@_date: 2016-07-22 20:22:58
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: #BlackLivesMatter: Chrome extension de-euphemize certain common phrases 
Hash: SHA1
A cop should fuck himself.  He'll get more pussy that way.

@_date: 2016-07-20 02:22:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Call for input to President's Commission on Enhancing Cybersecurity 
Hash: SHA1
Maybe I will finally qualify for the title Statist Pig with this post.
 One can only hope.
Contrary to the original query's request that replies not consist of
"don't do dumb things," I have composed a very elaborate text that
actually says, "don't do dumb things."

@_date: 2016-07-12 16:05:13
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [Cryptography] Putin goes full Stasi; wants encryption keys for the Internet 
Hash: SHA1
Considering his professional background, it seems unlikely that Mr.
Putin would consider such a thing to be possible.  If such a demand
has been made possible reasons include demonstrating that it can't be
done.  The laughably short deadline suggests an effort to "keep the
story alive" in public view for some propaganda purpose.

@_date: 2016-07-09 14:38:58
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Facebook Messenger adds end-to-end encryption. 
Hash: SHA1
So in brief, The Facebook wants to assure that that The Facebook, its
DARPA investors, and whoever has broken into a given user's computer
have /exclusive/ access to that user's "private" comms.
- From a marketing perspective, as long as whatever they deploy is "good
enough" that it can not be easily demonstrated useless, mission
accomplished.  Not that it matters much:  Some people believe that The
Facebook is an appropriate venue for business and "serious" personal
communications, some know better, and as this is a question of basic
competence it is unlikely that a cryptographic fig leaf will change
the behavior of more than 1% of users' behavior for the worse.

@_date: 2016-07-08 10:52:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Why MAC Address Randomization is not Enough: An Analysis of Wi-Fi Network Discovery Mechanisms 
Hash: SHA1
Good read.  Major insights into device fingerprinting.

@_date: 2016-07-12 04:21:44
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: comprehending the heart's nationalism 
Hash: SHA1
My own view is that the sole function of the State it to convert money
into power, then back into money.  Partial reinvestment of State
partons' capital gains produces an accelerating feedback cycle,
concentrating more money (=power) into fewer hands over time.  I don't
anticipate this changing as corporations become more sovereign and
States less so.
I think that's a matter of perspective.  Some of "poorest of the poor"
have seen rising incomes, while the "middle class" in many
industrialized jurisdictions has been taking a beating.  But the
billionaires, "statistically insignificant" in terms of head count,
continue to dominate political activity due to the massive extent of
income and assets inequality that appears at the very top of the scale.
A couple of graphs based on U.S. statistics:
  (a real classic)
- - or -
  (less extreme-looking aggregate numbers)
This raises the issue of implementation.  In the case at hand,
counter-anonymity is a question of money:  How much money do you have,
how badly do you want to prevent anonymous transactions?  Remailers,
onion and garlic routing, etc. are at present only somewhat resistant
to an adversary who can observe much of the network, most of the time.
 I envision a briefing where a select group of U.S. billionaires and
telco CEOs learn about AP and are told, "We must spend x trillion
dollars over the next decade to keep this from happening."  Rinse and
repeat in other national and corporate jurisdictions.  Ouch.
I believe that this advantage should be sufficient, given prevailing
conditions as illustrated by the L-Curve graph mentioned above, and
the imperfect nature of anonymity technologies available or envisioned
today.  The absurd spike at the top of the income scale gives a
handful of individuals enormously disproportionate power, and they aim
to keep it.
I think that should be preceded with, "If successful."  Funding a
global, directly democratic freelance mercenary force targeting
"abusers of" power would not produce a post-AP world overnight.
Exhausting the defensive and counter-offensive resources of today's
ruling class would take time.  Assuring that assets pass intact from
deceased owners to their heirs and assignees is already a core
function of the State, so killing individual billionaires might
introduce turbulence but would not remove the problem of "minority
rule by violent means."  I think it would be likely to lead to wide
scale ultra-violent responses.
I have my doubts.  The cost of overcoming the defences of a President
would be astronomically higher than the costs and risks of overcoming
the defences of, for instance, an independent journalist.  This would
mandate a much higher bounty on the former.  Conversely, public demand
for removing an unpopular President would also be proportionally
higher - a mitigating factor.  Conversely x2, that President's backers
might consider certain journalists worth paying over-market prices to
remove, as her efforts might eventually aim the AP process at them
It seems to me that replacing an unjust and inequitable system of
governance enforced by the threat of murder, with a more just and fair
system of governance enforced by murder would not produce results that
most would consider ethical.  Not to say that, if successfully
implemented as envisioned, it would necessarily be worse than what we
have today.
A "Court" is a forum governed by a sovereign authority, where
petitions and arguments are heard and decisions on the application of
sovereign authority are made.  A Court whose sole function is to
authorize murder could dispense revenge, but never justice:  Every
sovereign in every war throughout history has presented its casus
belli as the defense of human life, and the fact that war is tolerated
by enough people to make it possible demonstrates that application of
a "non-aggression principle" in conjunction with decisions to hire and
direct murderers can not be entrusted to either sovereigns or a
peasant rabble.
Ever since the appearance of hierarchical societies with capital
assets to defend, assassination markets of a sort, e.g. military and
police activities, have been the bedrock of political and economic
systems.  The anonymity element has traditionally been partial and
figurative - decisions to commit State sanctioned murder are "nothing
personal" in the sense that they are supported by consensus across
committees and syndicates, automated to the fullest extent possible
(law, policy, due process), and paid for by small payments from large
numbers of peasants who have been persuaded to tolerate murder for
hire "for the greater good."  Those who do the actual killing are
absolved of liability because they are "faceless cogs in the machne"
only following orders.  The AP model radically streamlines and
democratizes, but does not remove, today's process of controlling
people via murder "for the greater good of the greater number."
If the practical barriers to its implementation could be overcome, AP
might be an improvement over present methods.  Revenge is not justice,
but unlike justice it can at least be played as a formal game.  AP
markets would eventually provide great entertainment, in the form of
assassin vs. assassin contests triggered by contentious "hits."
Crowdfunding contract killers to identify and kill other contract
killers could evolve into a full replacement for today's professional
athletic amusements.
The seeds were everywhere.  Lots of twistid visionaries saw
assassination markets coming, though none worked out the details to
make it (nearly) practicable - that was waiting on applicable
- From Subvert Comix  by Spain Rodriguez, 1976:
But again, the devil is in the details:  Thus far it looks to me like
the twin problems of anonymity that is not reliably anonymous, and the
vast scale of financial resources presently controlled by the segments
of the population who are AP's likeliest targets, are outstanding
problems complicating AP's implementation.
Back in 1984 I was interviewed by a non-human intelligence, who
briefly explained why it was self evidently necessary to remove 90% of
the Earth's human population and asked for authorization to proceed.
I could not fault his case, but I did impose a condition on my
acceptance of his offer:  Proceed only if everyone faces an equal
chance of removal - no favoritism or exemptions of any kind allowed.
Apparently a compliant solution is taking quite a long time to
implement.  But as and when it is, many of the problems AP would
combat would be greatly reduced, as would the practical barriers to
AP's implementation.
Although a "better future" was not promised or even implied, I am
cautiously optimistic...

@_date: 2016-07-10 02:19:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: comprehending the heart's nationalism 
Hash: SHA1
A couple of years ago, Forbes reported that 400 billionaires owned 1/2
the capital assets in the U.S.
In the face of this, I think AP may have a problem with scale:  How
many small investors does it take to redirect AP profiteers away from
targets chosen by factions among the ruling class, beginning with
anyone suspected of operating the AP infrastructure and/or promoting
it effectively to a wide audience of participants?
If an AP lottery is not "fair and honest" by allowing anyone to be
targeted regardless of occupation or etc., how long until ones that do
allow any human to be bet on appear, with inflated bounties on
perceived enemies of the ruling class?
Mind you, AP is a frightfully clever idea.

@_date: 2016-07-09 00:40:41
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: comprehending the heart's nationalism 
Hash: SHA1
In the sense that "legal" means compliant with orders imposed by the
the State, "legal secession" is a logical absurdity:  One does not
gain immunity from a sovereign State's enforcement powers by
submitting to them, nor independence by obeying its dictates.
If the Sovereign stops being a Sovereign by abandoning the enforcement
powers that define State sovereignty, that's different - but the order
to "do your own thing" remains just a noise.
Word games:  To the extent that they control people's minds, they can
be even more "real" than physical bullets, bars and chains - because
they control the application of these physical tools.

@_date: 2016-07-08 11:09:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: comprehending the heart's nationalism 
Hash: SHA1
By conquest, in every case listed.  Ask the descendants of people who
lived there before sea power in the ages of canvas and steam existed.
 Some have gone in for 100% compromise and accommodation in later
generations, others are not quite so forgetful.
Try Buffy Sainte-Marie:  She's harmless, she writes country songs and
was a regular on Sesame Street.

@_date: 2016-07-01 00:55:12
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [OT] Five Simple Rules 
Hash: SHA1
Speaking of thinking, I don't know what I was thinking when I failed
to post this packet of political propaganda, pertaining to proper
procedures for prudent populist power players:
The archive with the docs:

@_date: 2016-07-06 21:12:07
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: gmail usage 
Hash: SHA1
I have long considered this a minor but common cognitive error:  It
present a damned if you do, damned if you don't scenario. My
suggestion:  When you do drugs, don't drink and drive.
That's on the record via a non-Snowden leak of NSA filter rules
published by a German paper.
But obsessive avoidance of surveillance takes one out of the game of
propaganda and networking for IRL political actions.  It also limits
one's ability to monitor opposition propaganda and team building
efforts.  That's a big win for the opposition:  The so-called chilling
effect of mass surveillance that makes Liberals run and hide while the
Radicals laugh and high five each other.
It is also beneficial to use evasive tools and tactics on a regular
basis whether you need to or not, both to maintain the tools, stay
current on the state of those arts, and so that occasional use of such
tools for practical purposes will not stand out as red flag indicators
that you are doing something especially interesting.

@_date: 2016-07-06 17:16:10
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: gmail usage 
Hash: SHA1
I trust Pair Networks to stay in business long enough to be useful, to
provide competent tech support, and to refrain from most of the
grossly abusive customer service tactics that are standard features in
that industry.  Apparently they decided early on to market to a
professional audience using "quality" to differentiate their brand.
It worked on me.

@_date: 2016-07-06 17:09:13
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: gmail usage 
Hash: SHA1
"Obsessive avoidance of Internet surveillance does not take you off
the radar, it only takes you out of the game." - Me
When it comes to the "chilling effects" of State surveillance,
everybody who subscribes to CPunks is a member of a certain type of
Polar Bear Club.  Fuck 'em if they can't take a joke.
I use GMail accounts as spam filters, i.e. destination addresses for
contact forms on websites, and as logins for G-Everything services
like Google Analytics.
Google Analytics does make it "easier" for Google's best friend, tech
support department and business partner NSA to keep track of who is
visiting the websites in question, but the trade-off in utility for
yrs. truly & clients more than justifies that.  Anybody who wants a
lower profile on the networks already blocks execution of javascript
except from whitelisted domains, and blocks calls from their browsers
to any URL with the string "analytics" in its URL.
I did register a domain name and hire a hosting service /just/ so I
could have real e-mail accounts, more or less under my own control.  I
did this for convenience, not any belief that it presents a barrier to
State surveillance.
On a related note, something truly horrible:  I have an active account
with NSA subsidiary The Facebook.  Initially I set it up to test
"social network integration" features when making websites:  You can't
market to the rubes in the cheap seats unless you can see the Internet
through their piggy little eyes.  Eventually I decided "what the hell"
and started pumping out propaganda there.  This led directly to
physical participation in the local activist & radical scene.
Given that my network traffic has been flagged for full take and
permanent retention by every U.S. intelligence service capable of same
since such capabilities first became available, I am sure that my
presence on The Facebook does more harm to them and their interests
than it does to me and my interests.  State surveillance at least
guarantees one an audience.

@_date: 2016-07-10 16:30:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: 1, 400 US Mayors Just Slammed the White House for Risking Nuclear War With Russia 
Hash: SHA1
Not sure about the "unhinged" part, he does seem to be able to keep
his production company on-track and making money.
But Alex Jones can't speak for 10 seconds without NEW WORLD ORDER
AGENDA 21 breaking into his Orwellian "duckspeak" slogans ILLUMINATI
MIND CONTROL to pound home the repetitive message of a completely
CHEMTRAILS POPULATION REDUCTION false and superficial view of global
politics that keeps the true believers UN TROOPS KICIKING IN YOUR
DOORS from recognizing their real enemies and organizing WAKE UP
SHEEPLE! themselves for effective resistance.  That's a crude but
effective FASCIST PROPAGANDA indoctrination technique.

@_date: 2016-07-07 17:54:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: 1, 400 US Mayors Just Slammed the White House for Risking Nuclear War With Russia 
Hash: SHA1
How could a thing like this happen?
In recent decades, Mayors are among the very few Amerikans who have
been exposed to accurate information about nuclear weapon targeting,
yields and effects, because U.S. cities still have (archaic, symbolic)
"Civil Defense" staff, assets and plans to manage.
Since mayors have no authority to affect military spending and the
foreign policy that drives it, nobody is bribing and blackmailing them
to be cheerleaders for strategic nucular conflict toe to toe with the
Russkies, already in progress.
Those who believe that nuclear warfare is a game where "the only way
to win is not to play" have not seen the budget figures for Uncle
Sam's latest round of warhead & delivery system development &
deployment.  That money ain't just fed into a shredder ya know.

@_date: 2016-07-12 21:52:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Laws (was the principles) of secure information systems design 
Hash: SHA1
 [ ... ]
I call these "Network Security Axioms."  You will recognize most of
them, I am sure.  A couple are originals.
Everything is under control; your control or someone else's.
A trusted system is one that can break your security model.
A hardened perimeter is easily broken; a hardened system, not so much.
The laws of nations are easily broken; the laws of physics, not so much.
In God we trust, all others provide full source code for peer review.
Given enough observers, all bugs are shallow.
To make a system stronger, attack it.
Physical access can compromise any network security model.
A failed data backup may cost more than a successful break-in.
An unexamined assumption is a ticking time bomb.
User refusal is the principal barrier to secure networking.
Three years old, but holding up fairly well:

@_date: 2016-07-15 23:00:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Tor Replaces Its Entire Board 
Hash: SHA1
I think I already did that?
Looking at the motives and means of people who have opportunities is
usually very relevant in determining who did what and why.  Of course,
that might be inconvenient for anyone who comes in with a preconceived
notion that explains it all.
What I see here is an assumption that the TOR Project itself, or some
element thereof, would be the actor behind any effort to kick Our Mr.
Applebaum out of the project and "activist" communities in general,
via a reputation attack.  I would not rule that out, but I would
include the whole alphabet soup of TLAs on the list of potential
The TOR Drama includes multilateral conflict of interest between the
State Department (funding TOR as a vector for transmitting State
propaganda to foreign audiences), CIA (a love/hate relationship with
TOR; helps some missions, hinders others), the FBI (we hates all nasty
TORses, hates them we does), and God knows who else.
If the TOR Project ever manages to well and truly piss the State
Department off that would mean Big Trouble: Including maybe a huge
shake-up like we are seeing now?  Just closing it down by pulling the
funding would probably not be an option, as that would massively
complicate lots of political warfare projects in progress against
"regimes" targeted for disposal.  The incoming President wouldn't like
that, and we know what happens to people who do things she doesn't like.
Now yer just being silly.  A project like taking Applebaum down could
be paid for out of petty cash and/or by raiding the office coffee fund.

@_date: 2016-07-15 22:27:50
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Tor Replaces Its Entire Board 
Hash: SHA1
Kind of a pointless one, though:  We can reasonably presume that
posting here results in enhanced surveillance and analysis of
everything one does on any network accessible to our Security
Services, which would include... all networks of every kind.
Just testing the threshold of irrational response to insults would add
very little to the resulting profiles.

@_date: 2016-07-15 18:13:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Tor Replaces Its Entire Board 
Hash: SHA1
I don't know.  He may have done as little as personally offended
someone with the power to order his disposal.  It does seem a bit much
to call a conspiratorial operation at this scale "massive" in the
world where the 911 attack happened, and U.S. propaganda assets
continue to sell false narratives of /many/ violent events to the
The stunning success of efforts to manage Western press coverage of
the annexation of Libya on Secretary Clinton's watch is more
frightening to me than the whole history of the Bush/Obama
Administration's nuclear brinksmanship vs. the Russian Federation,
still in progress and apparently locked in for eight more years.
To me that seems the most likely answer.  "Douchebag" is in the eye of
the beholder, and it doesn't take much to trigger disproportionate
retaliation in a hostile workplace environment.
Lao Tzu has a lot to say about the strategic value of calculated
non-action.  Attorneys generally advise world + dog to wait for the
opposition to disclose everything it has before doing anything other
than assert the right to remain silent.

@_date: 2016-07-15 06:27:24
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Tor Replaces Its Entire Board 
[ Ker-SNIP! ]
I have myself been declared a motherfucker by Juan's executive fiat,
though not if I recall correctly a Statist Pig.  Perhaps this post will
rectify that deficiency.  Only time will tell.
Not everyone seems to be in agreement about how horrible ioerror is.
His defenders include at least one individual who isn't afraid of
disclosing information that she knows sounds "paranoid," in the process
of disclosing her take on Jake.
The absence of any legal proceedings, criminal or civil, seems rather a
big data point.  Lots of people are willing to throw stones, nobody is
willing to face a potential perjury charge or countersuit.  Maybe nobody
was actually harmed, beyond hurt feelings.
Any male geek person with Our Mr. Applebaum's "celebrity" status who is
also (in my heteronormative radical queer opinion) good looking, is very
likely to avail himself of the sexual perquisites of social prestige.
If that is the case with Our Mr. Applebaum, it would inevitably result
in at least /some/ hurt feelings, even if he was a perfect fucking
knight in shining armor - which he probably ain't, because who is?
Pardon my macroaggression, but there is a very current Identity Politics
fad for cutting all Male Pigs down to size, and its fan base demographic
intersects with the fan base of everything that even looks "radical and
culturally cutting edge" to a fuzzy studies major, including the TOR
Project.  In this social matrix, acts of simple careless idiocy, devoid
of malice and producing no real harm, could lead to all of the charges
we have seen.
If you are of a paranoid bent, ask whether a political warfare operation
could produce the exact results seen in Our Mr. Applebaum's recent
history.  Seeking out unsatisfied customers of Brand Jake who are
associated with evangelists for Feminazi fashion would be a snap:
Thanks to ubiquitous surveillance with automated social network mapping
and psychographic classification, finding people matching the desired
profile and history would only require a work order.  Develop one agent
- witting or not - and the rest handles itself.  (If, and please pardon
the expression, Our Mr. Applebaum has exposed himself in any way.)
Of course, this kind of thing is unheard of.  Unless the name Mendax
means anything to you.
It is possible that Our Mr. Applebaum is a raging asshole who routinely
mistreats women in serious ways.  But if so, the lack of any criminal
charges or civil action is surprising.
It is possible that he is a victim of spontaneous combustion comparable
to the Mean Girls on the cheerleading squad getting some amusing
revenge, motivated by nothing more serious than some naive sap's
socially awkward behavior.  That model fits the available evidence
better than the criminal model.
It is highly probable that IF a political warfare activity was asked to
arrange this party for Our Mr. Applebaum, they could quote a very
reasonable price and deliver the goods on time.  The beauty part:  By
itself this observation proves nothing, as it is difficult or impossible
to prove absent a credible inside source.  That's the beauty part of the
institution of State Secrecy.

@_date: 2016-07-14 03:39:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Tor Replaces Its Entire Board 
Hash: SHA1
Bruce Schneier gonna be on the board, this should be fun!

@_date: 2016-07-20 02:13:00
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Call for input to President's Commission on Enhancing Cybersecurity 
Hash: SHA1
The mission defined above is much more ambitious than it may initially
appear, because direct conflicts of interest are hard wired into it.
The "cybersecurity" buzzword embraces a spectrum of practical security
context from protecting consumer financial credentials through
shielding "secret" government databases from unauthorized access, to
preventing malicious alteration of the firmware that runs our civil
and industrial infrastructure.  Privacy is not encompassed by the term
"cybersecurity" as it is intended and understood by those who use
presently use it in a national policy context - but this can and
should change.
Network security addresses practical concerns of privacy, utility,
reliability and cost effectiveness as well as countermeasures to
stereotypical hacker threats.  The express inclusion of privacy
protection in its brief directs the Commission to deliver
recommendations directly counter to the interests of private
enterprises and government departments which presently collect,
analyze, and transfer or act on "private" information about
individuals and groups.  If economic security is taken to include
protecting the revenue streams of dominant U.S. IT vendors and their
associated armies of specialized workers in the field, either
"cybersecurity" or economic security must be sacrificed.  If national
security is taken to include protecting intelligence service access to
surveillance and sabotage targets via widely distributed security
defects in IT products and services, either "cybersecurity" or
national security must be sacrificed.
A security model can not be "just a little bit pregnant."  Every
variance or exception that permits violations of any system's
specified security protocol creates new vulnerabilities that
compromise the security of that system, usually in subtle as well as
obvious ways. Security threats are both external and internal to the
enterprise, and include hackers who want to break in for fun and/or
profit, but also:  Enterprise IT consumers who who make non-negotiable
demands for features and functions that create security
vulnerabilities; senior executives whose golfing buddies know more
about network security than the enterprise's entire IT staff; IT
vendors who are free to hide deficiencies and misrepresent their wares
under immunity from prosecution or civil liability; academics and
consultants whose personal fortunes rise and fall with the value of
vendor-specific credentials; and certified technical workforces whose
educational and occupational background is restricted to a vendor
specific context, and includes mandatory training as outside sales
reps for those same vendors.  Add to this the massive political
influence of dominant U.S. IT vendors' senior executives and major
shareholders, and our picture of an industry hard wired for security
failure is complete.  The expected end result of the complex of
counter-security factors outlined above would be smoking rubble, and
that is and apt description of prevailing network security conditions.
Pervasive "cybersecurity" failures have prompted the Executive branch
to prepare for intervention across both government and private sector
domains; in itself this is evidence that a deep systemic disorder
harmful to the National Interest has been recognized and acknowledged.
 Developing a functional model that explains why an emergency exists
is the first step toward reliably and durably ending it.  The
inclusive nature of the Commission's mandate requires it to address
"cybersecurity" in a holistic manner.  The systemic disorders listed
above are inherent in the present economic and political relationships
of parties whose inputs control IT security across all domains.
Effective solutions will be called "radical" and rightly so, as one
must change the underlying economic and political relationships that
drive the ongoing failure of "cybersecurity" to achieve meaningful
results.  Bolting layers of external reinforcement onto a broken
machine does not fix the machine, only prolongs its ability to produce
broken outputs.  Like an urban renewal project, implementing an
effective national "cybersecurity" strategy begins with a wrecking
ball.  If this is not an acceptable option, "enhanced cybersecurity"
is not a possible outcome.
In the present context, trust has two distinct and nearly opposite
definitions:  In a political context, trust means confidence
cultivated to further a collaborative and/or manipulative agenda.  In
a network security context, trust is a controlled asset whose role is
minimized on every front and excluded where and as possible:  A
trusted actor or system is one that can break your security model.
A competent IT security strategy compartmentalizes, simplifies and
hardens the handling of protected assets.  Tools must be selected and
protocols designed on a case by case basis to enable a given
enterprise or department's necessary functions while minimizing
exposure of its assets to hostile actors.  Trust is rationed, and
dispensed only where and as the benefits of trust outweigh the risks.
As a simple example illustrating the role of trust in "cybersecurity,"
all major web browsers automatically download and execute software as
directed by any website their users visit, without the user's
knowledge or express consent.  Large families of critical security
vulnerabilities grow from this promiscuous trust model.  Many botnets
propagate themselves via this vector, which has also enabled targeted
attacks compromising "secured" assets affecting major corporations and
government agencies.  Browser makers build automatic execution of 3rd
party software into their browsers because both end users and major
commercial website operators demand it.  Vendor efforts to mitigate
this critical security threat by 'sanitizing and sandboxing' incoming
executable code can reduce but not reliably prevent high impact
security incidents arising from a fundamentally insecure trust model.
Informed end users can install tools like NoScript which prevent the
browser from downloading and executing software without the user's
express consent.  Individual websites can be whitelisted by the user,
where and as the benefits of automatically executing arbitrary
software from a given site are believed to outweigh the risks of doing
so.  In practice this trivially simple trust based security measure
has proven itself orders of magnitude more effective than a
promiscuous trust model "mitigated" by complex, failure prone defenses
against hostile code.
Bridging the trust gap between the IT community and the US government
is already a done deal, because there has never been one.  The U.S.
government funded and directed the creation of the IT industry.  As
indicated above, the existing bridges enabling public/private
partnership in IT enterprises create promiscuous trust relationships
in the face of conflicts of interest, perverse incentives and
institutional inertia all working against the objectives of
"cybersecurity."  Rather than reinforcing them, these bridges must be
locked down or removed as the first step toward enhancing
The U.S. government has not alienated the IT community:  It has
shielded this community from liability for fraudulent performance
claims, fed it billions of dollars of annual revenue, and given
Fortune 500 IT corporations nearly full control of government policy
affecting those same corporations.  The intimate partnership of IT
vendors and government decision makers has, however, alienated a large
segment of the public at large.  With regard to privacy concerns, IT
vendors are correctly perceived as the government's partners in
domestic mass surveillance.  The interests of the IT community are
directly served by the government's nearly absolute tolerance for
commercial mass surveillance, inherently insecure products and
protocols, forced obsolescence strategies and abusive marketing
practices - all of which are routinely implemented by major IT vendors
to reduce costs and/or enhance revenues.
The current condition of gross insecurity across private and State
owned IT assets is a product of the dominant role of vendors who are
richly rewarded for exploiting the technological ignorance of private
and public sector decision makers.  The cumulative cost of unstable,
insecure IT infrastructure supplied and serviced by parasitic vendors
greatly exceeds the short term costs of replacement with stable,
security oriented infrastructure; but perverse incentives and
conflicts of interest assure that no such course can be taken absent
dynamic and determined public sector leadership.
Revoke software vendors' blanket immunity from prosecution for
consumer fraud and from liability for damage caused by failure to
control product defects.  Where there is no accountability, there is
no motivation to spend money on security and no rational basis for
consumer trust.  The infallible invisible hand of the Free Market can
not produce security, quality or innovation where the State grants
special immunity from prosecution and civil liability to privileged
Mandate security evaluations based on performance and design metrics
for all software (and firmware) purchased for use by government
agencies and departments.  These evaluations must include examination
of the specific product offerings under consideration, and the
bidder's historical security track record across all products.  Total
cost of ownership calculations for IT assets must include estimated
costs of potential security failures, and projected costs of recovery
from same, proportionally adjusted to reflect the relative security
performance of each competing bidder's products.  This could be
facilitated by the establishment of a transparent, accountable Federal
activity that collects relevant data and produces reports in a
standardized format consistent with government procurement process.
Mandate reporting of security incidents by every government activity,
and every commercial enterprise with a State or Federal tax ID, where
financial losses and costs of remediation and recovery from the
incident exceed $5,000.00.  Require reporting of the category of
failure, specific software tools that presented the vulnerabilities
exploited, direct losses incurred, and the costs of remedial and
recovery measures taken.  Specify that aggregate data from these
reports be made available to the public on at least a quarterly basis.
Direct the Federal Communication Commission to conduct and annually
review studies on the privacy impacts, positive and negative, of
deployed and proposed network communication protocols and Standards,
publicly report their findings, and solicit public comments in a
transparent process.  Mandate that all reports reference IETF RFC
6973, Privacy Considerations, as guidance in identifying, naming and
evaluating adverse and beneficial privacy impacts of deployed and
proposed network communication protocols and architectures.
See above.  A durable commitment of all necessary resources to assure
that the measures suggested in response to query 2 are effectively
implemented would create and sustain rational, constrained trust
relationships affecting all those aspects of "cybersecurity" which are
properly the government's business.
The requirement that recommendations be "realistic" is regrettable.
"Practicable" would have been better language.  A realistic proposal
might be considered as one that will not provoke a do-or-die defense
of the status quo from dominant IT vendors, U.S. intelligence
activities, and others whose bread and butter is "cyber insecurity."
A practicable proposal would be one that is within the scope of public
policy authorities and industry capabilities:  Vendors who assert that
requirements are "impossible" or simply refuse to comply will be
replaced by vendors who are ready to step forward and meet any
challenges presented.  Solutions to many of today's most serious and
widespread network security failures are already avaialbe as off the
shelf products from vendors with excellent security track records.
The proposals presented under query 3 above may not be considered
reasonable by dominant industry stakeholders, but they are
practicable, and these or materially similar policy initiatives are
necessary if the President is serious about getting the results he has
asked for.
Steve Kinney

@_date: 2016-07-20 23:33:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Call for input to President's Commission on Enhancing Cybersecurity 
Hash: SHA1
By definition, credit reporting agencies will not survive into the
post-apocalyptic world.  Ditto for State programs conducting economic
wars of conquest through terrorist means.

@_date: 2016-07-20 21:04:41
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Call for input to President's Commission on Enhancing Cybersecurity 
Hash: SHA1
I know of a couple of small businesses still running core missions on
Windows 98; in their use cases it "just works" and they see no need to
fix it.  There are still millions of XP installations grinding away
out there.  When a tool has successfully supported necessary business
process for years, rational managers don't replace it until it either
breaks or something comes along that offers a real improvement in the
performance of the enterprise as a whole.  Hence the key roles of
forced obsolescence, managed security failure, and product
misrepresentation in the wonderful world of proprietary software.
Post-apocalypse, Free Software will dominate because of its superior
performance in the context of salvaging and repurposing hardware, and
because it already has a distributed architecture in place for
developing and maintaining software.
The more Free Software we have in our large scale integrated
infrastructure today, the faster and better we can stand up a
patchwork quilt of autonomous infrastructures tomorrow.

@_date: 2016-07-20 04:29:10
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Call for input to President's Commission on Enhancing Cybersecurity 
Hash: SHA1
I can dig it.  But how to implement this?  My strategy is to let
Nature take its course; after the State collapses, surviving resources
no longer under State control will be up for grabs.
BTW, money as we know it is a fiction created and maintained by the
State for the purpose of enriching the powerful at everyone else's
expense.  See how easy it is to fall into the trap of compliance with
State sponsored assumpitons?  :)
Note that this would only affect the State itself, and those who have
made a positive commitment to submit to State dominion.
This ain't a call for regulation; it's just a call for public
reporting by a State agency.  ;)
Only if I expect this to produce real world results.  Prescribing
abstinence as a cure for alcoholism, or getting well as a cancer cure,
would be similar in effect.
For a start, if my (impossible) suggestions were implemented,
Microsoft would lose its most important State protections, all its
government contracts, and a large part of its market share in the
business and consumer markets.  Those product lines would be largely
replaced by UNIX model operating systems, Free software applications,
My first draft was an explicit Microsoft death sentence, I worked
backward from there to create generic, vendor agnostic conditions that
would assure the same result.
No anarchists were harmed in the production of this policy brief.  I
wrote it because it amuses me to keep a hand in - I used to do quality
assurance programs and the like, and sometimes I miss the games.  Also
to troll the Commission.
Thank you for your feedback, and may I add, OINK OINK.

@_date: 2016-07-21 18:08:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: ten year old kid in Syria beheaded yesterday by U.S. supported "moderate rebels" 
Hash: SHA1
- -sick-boy/ri15750
vs. rebranding them and transferring them to the next front in the
U.S. led "globalist" economic conquest of the world, as was done with
the "Peace Loving People of Libya" who pushed the Libyan army 2/3 of
the way across the country in a couple of weeks with U.S. close air
support and tactical direction.  The more "portable" elements of that
mercenary force were shifted to the Iraq/Syria border, both to get
them out of the way of pacification operations in Libya and to further
the National Interest through murder and terrorism in States that
"need to fail" before they can be properly looted.

@_date: 2016-07-22 18:46:50
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: #BlackLivesMatter: Chrome extension de-euphemize certain common phrases 
Hash: SHA1
Can't say that I see much value in toys created for the purpose of
reinforcing the brand loyalty of Sheeple 2.0 with regard to whatever
Identity Politics trap they have fallen into.  Of course if you /want/
to deploy a stupidity amplifier, anything that constantly reminds a
True Believer that he or she is better than other people will do the
trick.  Does your bright idea help mutually alienate people who might
otherwise band together to promote their common interests at the
expense of their rulers?  Apply for a grant!
Identity politics works by conditioning people to pin their self
esteem on the inherent superiority of their racial, language,
national, economic, social and/or political in-group.  Strict
compliance with the pseudo-gang's rigid stereotypical beliefs and
behaviors makes the faithful Somebodies, and prevents them from
associating with hated Others.
Like all effective propaganda platforms, identity politics formalizes
and exploits a pre-existing human weakness, in this case the so-called
herd instinct.  Identity politics is maintained and advanced through
strategy that consistently scapegoats and demonizes targeted Others
and, to a lesser extent, anyone else who fails to hear and obey the
correct Party Line.  Logic, reason and practicality are off the table,
although simulating these to provide "proofs" of what Believers
already believe is an important part of the complete and balanced
propaganda breakfast.  It's easy, because all issues are reduced to
binary us versus them issues.  The more valid an evidence based
criticism of any article of faith, the more desperately the true
believer clutches for straws:  It doesn't take much to "rescue" them
from wrong thinking.
Otherwise sane and rational people become easily led animals when they
fall under the spell of identity politics; a high IQ only means
superior internal resources for rationalizing ignorant beliefs.
That's where Knee Jerk Reactionary Republicans, Yellow Dog Democrats
and other packaged personlike Product comes from, and how segmented
markets are herded into battles that assure a populace so divided
against itself that its rulers have a free hand to do whatever they
want unopposed, except by easily marginalized outliers and minorities.
Funny thing:  Lots of readers will agree with the above assessment,
because it applies to ignorant easily led Other People, proving that
their own identity group is better.

@_date: 2016-07-22 06:21:50
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: #BlackLivesMatter: Chrome extension de-euphemize certain common phrases 
Hash: SHA1
Don't know or care about some chrome extension, but I do know this:
The facts are nsfw.  That's an axiom of the "workplace" paradigm.
Has Scott Adams taught us NOTHING?

@_date: 2016-07-22 06:17:44
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Power in the Age of the Feudal Internet - Bruce Schneier 
Hash: SHA1
And AES finalist Twofish.  (What we now call "AES" is actually
Rijndael, see  )
In the essay above, I did note a thread of pro-Establishment political
correctness running all through the rhetoric.  Does he really buy it,
is he just protecting his tenure in the Corporate Suits hierarchy, or
is he tying a pork chop around the necks of a few inconvenient truths
in hope that policymakers will at least play with them?
Only Bruce Schneier knows the real Bruce Schneier Facts.  If I had to
guess, I would say all three.  One thing we do know:  You won't catch
him consorting with the peasants.

@_date: 2016-08-30 19:49:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] When will USA stop bombing other countries' "brown people" illegally (let alone "at all")? 
Hash: SHA1
I would differ /somewhat/ with that position.  There was an antiwar
movement - it brainwashed me, for instance.  But I would not deny that
this movement became a large scale popular 'issue' only because of the
draft:  What does not personally threaten comfortable middle class
people does not get them up on their feet and down to the street.
That's why I support compulsory military service:  It is, in effect,
the conscience of a nation.
I also observed the State's political warfare response to the anti-war
movement as it gained traction:  Sponsorship of the New Left and its
expressly Marxist, pro-war, anti-American message, promoted by
spokespuppets "Hanoi" Jane Fonda et al.
The New Left was repulsive to the vast majority of the U.S. public.
All reasonable efforts were made by network TV to exclude pacifist
messaging from the airwaves, but the New Left was presented and
promoted as a political freak show.  As it "just happened to" take
place at the same time COINTELPRO-sponsored bombings were in progress,
and provided living proof of J. Edna Hoover's assertion that anti-war
organizers were working for the Vast International Communist
Conspiracy, and received nearly unlimited free promotion via mass
media, I am confident that the New Left originated as a State
sponsored black propaganda campaign.
After the fall of Saigon, a coalition of anti-war organizations
headlined by Joan Baez took out a full page ad in the New York Times
condemning Hanoi for the purge (mass murder) in progress against
"reactionaries" in the South - anyone who had worked with the U.S. in
any capacity was subject to summary execution.  In response, a
coalition of pro-war New Left celebrities headlined by Jane Fonda took
out a full page ad congratulating Hanoi on its victory and condemning
the pacifists who dared to criticize proper revolutionary justice.
Once promoted via a full saturation propaganda campaign, the New Left
attracted ideological adherents and "grew legs" of its own.  Although
it was not viable without external support and has since declined to a
historical footnote, the New Left's influence on U.S. political
discourse neatly countered the inherently Populist a.k.a. Anarchist
influence of the anti-war movement, and helped lay the foundation for
the crypto-fascist NeoLiberal ideology and agenda that is so prominent
in U.S. politics today.
And that's all I have to say about that.

@_date: 2016-08-29 03:40:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Privacy reference for college monograph 
Hash: SHA1
Slightly dated but still quite good:
- -security.pdf

@_date: 2016-08-17 01:15:07
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Tor Browser 6.0.4 is ready for testing 
Hash: SHA1
Oh lookout-
Legitimacy implies a sanctioning Authority.
Speaking of mail vs. network transport of leakish dox...
The point of failure for a mail order drugs market is the sender:
Receivers are scattered all over and at least "slightly" hard to
identify, if the network side is not breached.  But the sender's
organization is small in number and, if suspected, easy to put a mail
cover on.
The point of failure for a mailed in leaks is the receiver:  The
receiver's location(s) and personnel small in number, and easy to put
a mail cover on.  The receiver might counter this by providing mail
drops and couriers (hopefully) unknown to the opposition, which in
cases like Wikileaks would mean reliance on network security to
transmit a one-time destination address to the prospective leaker.
Again, if the network connection is "secure enough" why not just send
the dox that way?
Numerous variations are possible, of course.  I would not consider
either option a categorically superior one in /all/ cases.  When
security really matters, try to do something new and unexpected as
well as sneaky and well protected.

@_date: 2016-08-23 07:19:41
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: moving on 
Hash: SHA1
Yes, I just took a moment away from bossing the shredding party and
burn barrel to peek in on the list and see if there were any
indications of raids in progress.  This computer will be the last
thing to go in the slag pit before we light the magnesium ribbon.
Hell of a birthday candle.
We always feared that the State learn this list exists and find a way
to infiltrate it, which is why we have contingency plans, but damn:
Now that it's actually happened, it just seems unreal.
Very unreal.
See you in Dallas on X Day, and if you run across that Dobbs bastard,
don't let him walk away alive.
<3  <3

@_date: 2016-08-23 03:09:18
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: moving on 
Hash: SHA1
Do please rant some more.  Every keystroke goes into your permanent
record, which will endure for as long as technological civilization
exists.  Build a box for yourself and climb right in.

@_date: 2016-08-23 01:05:40
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: moving on 
Hash: SHA1
Create, publicize and defend a protocol for crowdsourcing politically
motivated murder, classic Cypherpunk.  Wish out loud for someone to
step on a banana peel, the list needs moderated.

@_date: 2016-08-22 23:06:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: moving on 
Hash: SHA1
This is a list about the intersection of networked computing
technology and political power, and per history "anti-gov shit" is on
topic here.
The Internet is an enabler of social, economic, cultural and political
change on a scale comparable to the printing press or broadcast A/V
technology.  Whether this change moves us in the direction of a global
Orwellian State or enables scalable, resilient Direct Democracies will
be determined by the outcome of a three way war for control of the
medium:  State, Corporate and Populist interests are the major
combatants, and arming the Populists against State and Corporate
actors has been the historical mission of Cypherpunks.  Where else
will you find people who can describe and discuss:
Mathematical Munitions
The Crypto Wars
Online Anonymity
Digital Anarchy
Where I live people get propositioned or blackmailed to work as
snitches, blacklisted from employment, put on bounty lists offering
police officers rewards for /any/ trumped up criminal conviction, and
occasionally just get murdered on orders from people positioned to
obstruct criminal investigations.  Where our lords and masters fail is
in their inability to understand the concept "when you ain't got
nothing, you got nothing to lose."
At present I am reasonably OK with the content of the list:  More
technology news & discussion, especially where and as this may enable
collaborative work, education, and promotion of useful tools is always
a Good Thing.  But what makes this Cypherpunks is recognition and
discussion of the political context where network security takes
place, which in large part defines the assets defended, threat models,
and practical goals of network security.
If you want to /mortally/ offend the wrong person and live to tell the
tale, ask us how.  We have the technology.

@_date: 2016-08-04 02:32:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: FM Corporations/ businesses/ entitities 
Hash: SHA1
In what I call a "real" revolution, way more than 99% of the real work
is nonviolent by nature.  Organic changes in the actual process of
social and economic life precede and drive the pressure to change
political and economic institutions rendered obsolete by changes in
the way people actually live.  Efforts expressly targeting obsolete
governing institutions for radical change are also inherently
nonviolent at their inception; only violent counter-attack by
established institutions threatened by organic change motivates public
support for armed resistance.  In turn, homegrown armed insurgencies
depend on the committed support of large networks of non-combatants
for their survival and success.
But there is a limit to the power of strictly nonviolent force;
generally speaking, policy adjustments in commercial and State
institutions can be accomplished by non-violent means, while
successful efforts to affect the abolition or radical restructuring of
commercial and State institutions usually includes armed conflict
during the endgame.  Conversion of a Liberal Fascist State and its
dominant industries to some kind of "level playing field" would be a
very radical change affecting the entire power structure that defines
commercial and State roles and activities; this is MOST unlikely to be
accomplished without prying some people's "cold, dead fingers" off the
levers of power.
Semantics:  Applying "principles for principled ways for us to
interact" is exactly what I meant by "an informed critique of
governments and social orders."  :o)
Direct Democracy a.k.a. Mob Rule is one of my favorite political
concepts; I spread its gospel, and promote it by actually doing it
every chance I get.  But resistance to onerous economic and political
governance is not, in itself, a form of governance; it is a feedback
process which, when successful, governs the governors by
counterbalancing the economic and political power of dominant
syndicates.  My version of Anarchy is the study and practice of Direct
I'll say, and how!  What I was describing is governance as practiced
by many so-called "primitive" people.
Perhaps I should have said, "If you want to go from high level
abstractions to methods that can be implemented in the real world, you
might benefit from considering historical examples."
Consider the example of Iceland, a model democracy where 1/3 million
people have recently demonstrated that self governance is possible
electorate to observe its State and Corporate institutions in action.
Iceland is fortunate in that, at present, the United States sees no
major benefit in interfering with Iceland's internal affairs:  Because
Iceland is a de facto U.S. protectorate, functionally if not
politically part of NATO.  Geographical isolation is Iceland's saving
grace, but alas, it's not one that most of the human race can duplicate.
One thing I appreciate about Anarchists is that they can fight like
cats and dogs over political bullshit, without losing an inch of
respect and solidarity.  Liberals, for instance, often don't make that
cut - which I think is very unfortunate, since "their hearts are in
the right place."
To do that we "have to" explicitly define our terms, distinguish
historical data from abstract constructs, and clearly state material
objectives to assure that our language and data are relevant to the
work at hand.
I am careful to distinguish between a "revolution" that installs a
regime that is responsive to the social and economic demands of the
people as a whole, vs. a "revolution" that installs a regime that
forcibly dictates a social and economic order to the people.  Both are
called "revolutions" but most of the resemblance ends there.
Blatantly repressive Fascist dictatorships call their rise to power
"revolutions" and their autocratic rule "democracy."
A syndicate that has become a dominant force through commercial
competition, by fair means and foul, is already waging economic war
against whatever syndicates its rise to power may inconvenience, and
vice versa.  When an emergent syndicate's growing economic power
threatens to displace syndicates who control political institutions,
overt political conflicts follow.  When the structural roots of the
conflict are sufficiently broad, deep and irreconcilable, a
"revolution" that changes the form of government to accommodate new
industrial, economic and (therefore) political and social realities
may follow.
Although such revolutions often include "shooting wars" the presence
of politically motivated gunfire is not in itself a revolution, nor a
necessary indicator of one.
War takes many forms.  Publicly funded mass murder for private profit
is only one of them.  Shutting down an industry through boycotts,
strikes and blockades is an act of economic warfare.  Destroying the
perceived legitimacy of State institutions through propaganda is an
example of political warfare.
My version of anarchist theory is a study of the dynamics of power in
human social behavior.  The State acts as a referee and enforcer in
conflicts between individuals and between syndicates, in support of
the stability of the dominant syndicates in the territory governed by
the State.  (Example:  The U.S. Federal government defines the
National Interest as the growth of the GNP and profitability of U.S.
based corporate industries.  In many policy contexts and documents,
the National Interest has replaced National Defense as the stated
beneficiary of military actions.)
As changes in technology, population and environmental variables drive
the rise and fall of dominant syndicates, stagnant or declining
syndicates may use their established relationships with the State to
cheat and take advantage, in an effort to retain their dominant
positions.  (A routine example:  Eternal Copyright and DMCA etc. for
media syndicates, conteracting the collapse to near zero of the cost
of reproducing and distributing "creative works.")  Rising syndicates
must acquire enough economic and social power to successfully
challenge both the market dominance of declining syndicates /and/ the
power of the State as it is exercised on behalf of the declining
When changes in real large scale power relationships happen, and the
State fails to adapt itself to these changes due to institutional
commitments to declining syndicates, revolution follows.
This model is exactly contrary to our cradle to grave indoctrination
in the Great Men and Great Ideas model of historical progress, where
revolutions /cause/ radical changes in the world of human affairs.  In
that context, the model I describe makes no sense at all.  But in the
context of the history of technology, it makes almost TOO much sense:
I view anarchist theory and practice as a discipline enabling the
peasant classes of society to form ad hoc syndicates that develop and
exercise social and economic power of their own.  Our rulers seem to
agree with me on this; anarchy has been suppressed by all means
available to ruling class interests since its first appearance in the
Enlightenment era.
Representative Democracy, the "authorized version" of Enlightenment
political organization, attempts to deliver power to the governed via
the electoral process.  I think we can agree that, at best, this
method does not scale well.  But as the old IWW slogan says, "Direct
action gets the goods."
Maybe I'm not expressing myself very well:  All these examples of
things I seem to "deny" are central to my view of how the world
actually works.  Cognitive dissonance may also be at work here:  I
look back at my personal struggles with political concepts and
constantly ask, "Why the hell did it take so long to figure this shit
In the world of human imagination, anything is possible because
wishing makes all things so.  In the physical world, inflexible laws
are self-enforced and can not be wished away.  In the geophysical
world, global warming is just one driver of industrial civilization's
pending collapse:
The slowing but still exponential growth of the human population is
another; the flattening curve of food production capacity and rising
curve of food demand are crossing now.  Topsoil, water, phosphates,
fuel and other essential inputs to agriculture are now approaching
peak extraction / exploitation rates.  This is in addition to, not
because of, the problems inherent in global warming.
Under these conditions the collapse of State and corporate power,
relative to their present massive extent, seems inevitable.
Opportunities for anarchists will be /very/ abundant, and Nature
itself will decide which courses of action are "right."
Back in the 1970s there was a bit of an "appropriate technology"
movement in the same geographic/cultural locus that eventually
produced those strange Cypherpunk critters.  That same gaggle of crazy
misfits got me started tracking geophysical issues way back then.
Today, alas:  But also, this and more like it:
Yup.  This here's the kind of bullshit that makes the flowers grow.

@_date: 2016-08-03 04:34:07
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: FM Corporations/ businesses/ entitities 
Hash: SHA1
I like the generic term "syndicate" for any association of persons,
including meta-associations of groups, seeking common goals in support
of common interests.  Its vaguely ominous connotations tend to
counteract the spin doctored implications of other terminology.
The first corporate charters were in effect for a limited time, with
assigned missions to benefit the interests of the Crown or, in nominal
democracies, the public interest.  Today, corporate persons are
immortal, mutable in form and function, and "the public interest" is
broadly interpreted as economic activity of any kind.
In present usage, a corporation is a fictitious person created by
private fiat per a State-delegated "legal right," and itself has full
civil rights in matters pertaining to commerce.  Today's standard
boiler plate corporate charters specify a corporation's mission as
"all lawful purposes."
So in modern usage, a corporation is a commercial syndicate with
special privileges granted by the State.
How can one "peacefully" tear the dominant syndicates ruling an entire
civilization to pieces?  Those who own and administer those syndicates
have devoted their lives to the acquisition and retention of power, at
the expense of others and in competition against a broad spectrum of
rivals and adversaries.  The modern Democratic State exists for the
sole purpose of protecting and advancing the interests of dominant
economic syndicates and their owners by any means necessary, with
deadly force topping the go-to list.
A whole art and science of nonviolent strategic conflict addresses
methods of applying coercive social and economic measures to modify
the behavior of dominant syndicates including their State
sponsor/clients.  But an existential threat to these syndicates will
ultimately result in their application of deadly force, and a response
in kind.
Anarchy is not a proposed form of government or social order; it is an
informed critique of governments and social orders.  Or it is a
delusional belief system indoctrinated by propaganda.  Or it is
violent opposition to social order of any kind.  Depends who you ask.
If you want an anarchistic society, you will need to keep units of
sovereign governance small enough that everyone can observe and play
an active role in their governance.  You need to govern that State in
a manner that never delegates decision making power; decision making
by consensus assures that very few non-emergency decisions will be
made at all; thus, State interference in private affairs will be very
In short, you need to model your State as Bands, Tribes and Nations
governed by open Councils acting on consensus only.  And you need to
site it on a world where no other kind of State exists or can arise,
because hierarchal governance in a caste system includes efficiencies
that will enable other States to take yours over shortly after they
see advantages in doing so.  At best your Anarchistic State may
survive by imitating the organizational methods of antagonistic States
- - but then, you will no longer have an Anarchistic State.
The problem with "revolution" is semantic:  We are taught that a
revolution is an armed conflict that replaces one gang of rulers with
another gang of rulers, who may or may not bring plans for a new
social and economic structure with them.
My favorite definition of "revolution" equates it to "the world turned
upside down."
We are taught that revolutions initiate radical changes in social and
economic systems, but I maintain that revolutions are the end result
of radical changes in social and economic behavior.  We are taught
that Great Leaders with Great Ideas change the world, but I maintain
that changes in technology, population and environmental conditions
change the world:  Those Great Leaders with their Great Ideas show up
taken place.  They represent new dominant syndicates, seeking to
displace institutions of governance created by and for the exclusive
benefit of earlier dominant syndicates.  Their role is to modify the
institutions of State power to codify, control and exploit the new
order, for the sole benefit of the new dominant syndicates.
According to this model, the "shooting war" phase of a real revolution
serves the sole purpose of removing dead-end resistance to rule by new
dominant syndicates that have already eclipsed the power of previously
dominant syndicates.
The French and American Revolutions removed the institutions of
Monarchy to make way for a New World Order where insurgent Mercantile
and Industrialist factions share power with the older "landed"
Aristocracy.  That New World Order developed under Monarchy; its
revolutions only restructured political power to reflect a new
arrangement of economic powers already in place, and establish the new
dominant syndicates as its "legitimate" rulers.
No evolution, no revolution.  Unless by "revolution" one means
overthrowing the State to replace it with a new State administering
the same social and economic systems the old State evolved to control
and exploit.  In this case, revolutionaries are those who seek power
for its own sake through violent means; that is not likely to end well.
The real future includes the collapse of industrial economies,
accelerated looting of under-defended territories, and a major human
population crash.  This is the picture presented by current and
historical geophysical data.  Any plan or strategy that does not work
in this context does not work.
Absent a paradigm shift that replaces "progress" with "disaster
mitigation, management and recovery," application of political theory
and practice can only produce worse outcomes, not better ones.
My proposed solution is radical decentralization of industry and
agriculture; adaptation of "low technology" not dependent on
centralized heavy industry to replace "high technology" where and as
it has real survival value; moving as many people as far away from
population centers as possible; and distributing field tested
strategies and technologies for the above as widely as possible while
the networks and economies to do so are still up and running.
Large scale industrial processes that systematically destroy the
essential survival resources of future generations have to be halted
as soon as possible.  Hydraulic fracturing to harvest petrochemicals
permanently destroys water tables.  It is now decades too late to
"stop" global warming, but not too late to limit the rate of onset,
severity, and duration of large scale climactic disruptions on the way
to a "new normal."  Genetically engineered 'food' crops destroy
topsoil ecologies, poison water supplies and threaten the genetic
integrity of plant species necessary to large scale human survival.
The longer these and other grossly destructive industrial activities
continue, the lower the resulting long term carrying capacity for
human population in affected regions.
Preparation for and mitigation of the "end of the world as we know it"
provides more than a lifetime of challenging, satisfying, useful work.
 Any real progress in these areas will produce a better future,
sooner, for more people.
Ready?  Go!

@_date: 2016-08-04 10:52:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: I swear I'm not making this up 
Hash: SHA1
vs. Schneier, vomiting State sponsored wartime propaganda.
Considering who pays his speaking fees, and which are the most
lucrative clients in his employers' markets, that or him "packing it
in" and retiring from the corporate life, was more or less inevitable.
Attribution is one of the hardest things to get right in the world of
network forensics. "Trust me, I have secret information" is good
enough for losers and fools who have ultimate faith in State
institutions, even when those institutions tell them things 100%
consistent with State propaganda aims.
Meanwhile, common sense might tell a more likely tale: One about how
whoever the forensics guys say was inside the DNC systems, is either
a) the least competent of many attackers who rattled the door knobs,
or b) whoever lives in the path of a false trail laid by a competent
An understanding of how the world works tells us that /many/ State
Security agencies take an interest in collecting political
intelligence on U.S. policy makers and their minions. Damn near all
of them, in fact; any who don't simply lack the budget or manpower.

@_date: 2016-08-14 02:56:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Anarchist Bibliography, please? (was Re: Deconstructing an Institutional Slander...) 
Hash: SHA1
Just snarfed 'em all and thank you very much.

@_date: 2016-08-11 01:53:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Anarchist Bibliography, please? (was Re: Deconstructing an Institutional Slander...) 
Hash: SHA1
Fermi's Paradox?  Per its .com address:
"The Fermi Paradox is the apparent contradiction between the high
probability extraterrestrial civilizations' existence and the lack of
contact with such civilizations."
I don't mean to diss the "inevitable self destruction" model.  My own
conclusion is that it's in progress here and now and can not be
stopped by any human agency.  But while the end of civilization as we
know it may be unthinkable for Civilized people and institutions,
leading to the illusion that it means extinction, it is not
unsurvivable.  Humans are the toughest weeds Nature ever made, capable
of living on pack ice or dry rock desert for half the year armed only
with Neolithic technology ... and loving it.  What will the first
couple of Post Apocalyptic generations make out of the mangled
landscapes and derelict infrastructure of Civilization?  A new kind of
civilization, of course.
That thing that happened in Europe after the Black Death?  Homo Sap
ain't seen nothing yet:  This time it's global, and post-scarcity is
among the possible outcomes.
We don't see interstellar "civilizations" very often, because those
who did not get over making everything bigger and more powerful for
sake of bigness and power didn't make it.  For reals.  Some of those
gamma bursts may be industrial accidents, or Bad Outcomes to MAD based
defense strategies (an especially stupid kind of industrial accident).
If the absence of torrents of long range EM message traffic is
surprising, that's only because we presume aliens talk with strings
and tin cans "just like us."  If the absence of star drive signatures
is surprising, it's more likely that our assumptions about what those
signatures would be are faulty, than that there are no interstellar
voyagers riding the starwinds.  If the absence of physical visitors is
surprising, that just means a lot of people have not taken a hard
critical look at UFO investigations:  Failure to invade and loot or
otherwise dominate a technologically weaker species' cradle planet may
be evidence of the presence of extraterrestrial intelligence, rather
than its absence.
In my view practical anarchism is much more about developing
adaptations for conditions after the fall of Civilization, than with
making Civilization fall.  The latter task has already been done for
us gratis [not], by the Powers and Principalities of the world.
Building the best future possible for kids born in 2150 is gonna be a
fuckton of work, and we better get as much done in advance as possible.

@_date: 2016-08-09 20:34:10
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Anarchist Bibliography, please? (was Re: Deconstructing an Institutional Slander...) 
Hash: SHA1
Dr. Mabuse (Propaganda, A Secret Wish, 1985) was playing while I read
the above quoted post.  There must be something in the air.  Also
recommended, all just out this year:
B-Movie, Climate Of Fear
Richard Ashcroft, These People
Posies, Solid State
and maybe especially:
Escondito, Walking With A Stranger

@_date: 2016-08-06 05:08:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Anarchist Bibliography, please? (was Re: Deconstructing an Institutional Slander...) 
Hash: SHA1
Woah, blink and it's gone: But we have our little ways:
PDF link works.
Have fun but be careful not to get broken on that lathe...

@_date: 2016-08-04 19:56:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Anarchist Bibliography, please? (was Re: Deconstructing an Institutional Slander...) 
Hash: SHA1
When dredging the Internet for information, I am sure you won't have
much trouble picking out the State sponsored anarchist literature and
pseudo-radical propaganda fronts:  Rebel As You Are Told is one of the
oldest and most powerful political warfare strategies in the
opposition's playbook.
Anarchists don't worry much about labeling sources and concepts as,
for instance, Left or Right.  The relevant question is, Useful or Not?
 In addition to State directed wannabe anarchists who rebel as they
are told, we also have a bumper crop of people who believe that adding
the prefix an- or anarcho- to the name of any archaic, failed or
outright delusional "political philosophy" makes it hip and relevant.
A lot of anarchist literature does not appear to be political.
Anarchists also make a point of reading and exploiting the
opposition's textbooks; there are such things as laws of physics,
natural processes, principles of strategy, etc. that hold constant no
matter who studies them.  "It's a piss poor pitiful Anarchist, who
refuses to use the State's resources against the State's interests."
Just now I am reading this:
It's an in depth survey of political warfare theory and practice in
the context of politically motivated popular uprisings.  There's not a
bit of Anarchy in it, except that everything in it is of potential use
to anarchists.  While reading just substitute self rule or autonomy
for "Democracy," and anarchist or radical for "democrat," and viola:
Radical literature fit to be suppressed by any self respecting
sovereign State.  (The U.S. Federal government tolerates and even
funds this kind of literature, because it is intended for distribution
in "unfriendly regimes" overseas.)
All of these titles are relevant to practical anarchy:
The Tao Te Ching can rightly be called an anarchist classic.  I quote
it more often than any other source, both in correspondence and to
myself.  I like the D.C. Lau translation:
Marshall Rosenberg's Nonviolent Communication is very popular with the
anarchist crowd.  Handle with care, this is highly refined weapons
grade pacifist material:
  (PDF, 241 pages)
Here's a fun movie:  It's a biography of Emma Goldman, one of the most
famous Anarchists of the 20th century.  She was a Russian Jew who moved
to America as soon as she was old enough and raised hell non-stop from
then on.  At the height of her career she was the most popular political
speaker in the U.S. of A.

@_date: 2016-08-14 06:21:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] Hillary Clinton, an MK Ultra drone, struggles with her programming 
Hash: SHA1
Hum.  Zen pointed out that the language in question was not actually
in the article he posted, and I went and looked at it.
It's not exactly a stellar analysis, but the article does raise a very
real issue I have been keeping an eye on myself - to the point of
in-depth fact checking certain "debunking" assertions and finding them
to be bunk themselves:  Clinton did not "slip on ice" going up those
steps as shown in the Reuters photo, according to local weather
records for the day in question.  Why did her people find it necessary
to lie about that?
Is something seriously wrong with Hillary's brain, other than the
obvious psychosis?  I am about 90% confident that she is presenting
with intermittent symptoms of a serious neurological disorder,
possibly secondary to circulatory system problems.
That, or somebody has a voodoo doll that really works.

@_date: 2016-08-14 03:32:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] Hillary Clinton, an MK Ultra drone, struggles with her programming 
Hash: SHA1
Yup:  Any source who says MKULTRA but means "mind control"
self-disqualifies from serious attention.  I just pull the plug and
move on.  Compare the case of someone who says "anarchy" but means
"riots and looting."
I tell myself that anyone who studies Conspiracy Theory for decades
will end up very grumpy and judgmental, not paranoid, because that's
what it has done to me.  At least that's how I respond when I am
confronted by "Conspiracy Cult Belief," which is a whole 'nother
animal, cultivated by the same sort of folks who fielded the original
MIB and for the same purpose.
The truth is out there.  Out there far enough it doesn't take much
chaff and misdirection to obscure it completely.

@_date: 2016-08-10 20:05:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Assange outs the DNC e-mail "leaker" 
Hash: SHA1
Julian Assange has, in a deniable and snarky way, told the world that
DNC staff member Seth Rich was the source of the DNC e-mail leak.  And
put a $20k bounty on the head of whoever murdered him.
As a "legal" variant on AP, crowdfunding a more than matching bounty
could be a useful exercise.  There would of course have to be a time
limit, and an alternate beneficiary in the event that the reward goes
unclaimed.  Wikileaks itself seems like a good candidate for the
alternative beneficiary.

@_date: 2016-08-14 20:49:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: tor promises to be good* 
Hash: SHA1
[ etc ]
As a QA and document control guy, I can't read something like that
without processing it like this:
"We are committed to transparency; therefore, everything we release is
open and our development happens in the open. Whenever feasible, we
will continue to make our source code, binaries, and claims about them
open to independent verification. In the extremely rare cases where
open development would undermine the security of our users, we will be
especially vigilant in our peer review by project members."
Translation:  We believe in and practice an open, accountable
development process, except when we don't.  The public is allowed to
see how TOR works, except when the public is not allowed to see how
TOR works.  Trust us, what you don't know won't hurt you.
"We are not just people who build software, but ambassadors for online
freedom. We want everybody in the world to understand that their human
rights -- particularly their rights to free speech, freedom to access
information, and privacy -- can be preserved when they use the Internet.
Edit to include:  The TOR project believes in human rights, except the
rights of persons accused of crimes to be held innocent until proven
guilty, and to publicly confront their accusers in a neutral, public
Court.  The TOR Project believes in and exercises the rights of
risk-averse employers to discipline and discharge victims of malicious
office gossip and/or anonymous denunciation as an expedient conflict
resolution method.
"We never intentionally mislead our users nor misrepresent the
capabilities of the tools, nor the potential risks associated with
using them. Every user should be free to make an informed decision
about whether they should use a particular tool and how they should
use it."
Edit to include:  "The TOR Browser ships with NoScript installed but
disabled.  Users must enable it themselves to obtain protection
against de-anonymization at will by any malicious or compromised
website.  We do this as a convenience for naive users who may not
understand what NoScript is or what it does."
With TOR, one can have exactly as much "freedom and security" as one
can steal.  Just like real life.

@_date: 2016-08-14 03:56:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: DDoSCoin: Proof of malicious work 
Hash: SHA1
Oh fuck.  Time to advance the Digital Doomsday Clock.  How many days
past midnight was it yesterday?
"In this paper, we present DDoSCoin, which is a cryptocurrency with a
malicious proof-of-work. DDoSCoin allows miners to prove that they
have contributed to a distributed denial of service attack against
specific target servers. This proof involves making a large number of
TLS connections to a target server, and using cryptographic responses
to prove that a large number of connections has been made. Like
proof-of-work puzzles, these proofs are inexpensive to verify, and can
be made arbitrarily difficult to solve."
CliffNotes version:

@_date: 2016-08-15 17:12:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [liberationtech] Tor Browser 6.0.4 is ready for testing 
Like any other tool, the TOR Browser has strengths and weaknesses,
appropriate uses and foolish/destructive uses.
Lest we forget, Chelsea Manning used TOR to move massive amounts of data
to Wikileaks.  One can argue that Ed Snowden found what he was allowed
to find and shipped it to Greenwald & Co. under the approving gaze of
some compartment at NSA; Manning, not so much.  Billions of dollars
worth of damage were done to the U.S. National Interest, which is why
she rates a sentence of slow death by ritualistic torture.
This recording was never supposed to see the light of day, but it walked
right out of a tightly secured base and onto the Internet within hours:
Manning tells all, including how and why to do that thing:
She would have gotten away with it, too, if some "individual" who needs
not be named had not sold her for cheap.
Onion routing can be a useful part of a complete operational security
toolkit.  Only when its limitations are understood and pessimistic
assumptions are made, of course.

@_date: 2016-08-15 20:41:42
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [ PFIR ] Wikileaks Published Dozens of Malware Links in Email Dump 
Hash: SHA1
Full disclosure.  If you get all the e-mails, they are going to
contain the original spam, scams, malware links and phishing attacks.

@_date: 2016-08-16 17:19:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Tor Browser 6.0.4 is ready for testing 
Hash: SHA1
The 'collateral murder' video hit Iraq during negotiations with the
3rd (?) post-conquest iteration of an allegedly sovereign Iraqi
government for continued U.S. occupation and control of Iraq.  It
pissed the Iraqi public off so badly that continued 100% immunity from
local prosecution of U.S. persons for any and all crimes including
murder was taken off the table.  In consequence of this, the U.S.
occupation force was pulled out of Iraq.  This was more than a little
inconvenient, it was bloody expensive.
The U.S. proxy force "formerly known as" ISIS have a dual mission:
West of the Syria/Iraq border, the ongoing destabilization of Syria to
prevent construction of oil & gas pipelines from Iran to a
BRICS-friendly Mediterranean seaport.  East of the border, to force
the Iraqis to allow U.S. occupation forces back in to "protect" Iraq
from an invading armed force and assure continued US/NATO control of
Iraqi oil.
The Cablegate and War Diaries releases both stirred diplomatic
anthills, complicating or terminating numerous U.S. foreign policy
operations in progress, causing direct losses on numerous fronts and
imposing global scale damage control tasks.  All of the above cost
money - a damn lot of it - and tied up human resources that would have
otherwise been very productively engaged in business as usual, i.e.
looting the planet.
Compare and contrast this impact to that of the well controlled
Snowden leak, which has caused a bit of embarrassment while serving
the practical purpose of putting the U.S. civilian population on
notice that Big Brother really is watching their every move.  On the
domestic political warfare front, State and Corporate actors would not
necessarily view this as a Bad Thing, as cultivating paranoia is one
of their long term self-defense missions.
Somebody probably located in Germany has since handed the world NSA
docs with more practical impact on U.S. espionage operations than the
whole Snowden Affair to date, and the U.S. public at large has no idea
it even happened.  Propaganda costs money and nobody on this side of
the Atlantic seems to be interested in paying for play in this case.
I would not call that a 'fact' without considering that physically
mailing storage media has its own inherent risks.  IIRC, Wikileaks'
advertised postal addresses are in "Five Eyes" territory, so nothing
will be delivered via post without e-z and unavoidable State
inspection and approval.  Arranging any physical delivery method that
might be more secure would require two-way communication in advance
with Wikileaks, so why not simplicate matters by using the same
"secure" comms channel to transmit the docs and have done with it?

@_date: 2016-08-16 03:59:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [liberationtech] Tor Browser 6.0.4 is ready for testing 
Hash: SHA1
Manning, if I recall correctly:
And even if that were true, then that would be how he
got caught? using tor?
Told Adrian Lamo, who told the Feds.
- -or-
Belief makes people stupid, in the sense that it makes them think in
circles as necessary to support the belief.  I do not "believe" that
someone ratted Chelsea out, but I do consider it very likely.  In part
because of the time that passed between the first, exceptionally
damaging public release of Manning's material, and the arrest - some
time after the third exceptionally damaging release.

@_date: 2016-08-18 05:39:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: TOR Project: Still coming unwrapped 
Hash: SHA1
Holy F Society, the TOR Project just came unwrapped.  MORE.  This
essay keeps getting more outrageous, without losing credibility, until
it turns a corner that "network security" people could easily
attribute to hostile tradecraft.

@_date: 2016-08-19 14:00:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Rising carbon dioxide is greening the Earth - but it's not all good news 
Hash: SHA1
About the time follow up studies measured and confirmed annual summer
methane discharges from thawed out former Arctic permafrost (ancient
peat bogs, tidal flats etc.), climatologists stopped talking about
"stopping" much less reversing global warming.
So far I am not aware of any positive public statements from competent
actors to the effect that global warming is now self-driving
regardless of human activity.  I suspect there is a quiet consensus
that telling this particular truth would do more harm that good:  The
human contribution to global warming does continue to accelerate the
process and enlarge its "final" impact, so statements that could be
taken as excuses to just give up on reducing greenhouse gas emissions
would be counter-productive.
With or without global warming, the exponential growth of human
population and the industrial processes that drive this growth had to
end sometime.  That time is "real soon now."

@_date: 2016-08-22 02:36:47
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [tor-relays] #torstrike 
Hash: SHA1
I'm there.  For me the tipping point was info on the CVs of the hit
team that took him out:  Nobody could have specified better candidates
for the exact job that was done.  I was already at "Jake is socially
awkward sometimes but never did nothing mean."  Then more recent
reports make the debacle look too much like hostile tradecraft to ignore
This is the first time I have seen circumstantial evidence supporting
my speculations about the CIA Computer Dating and Job Placement
Service:  A weaponized hybrid of personality & candidate matching
algorithms running as agents with access to the TIA databases.
Specify a mission profile and target, enter your billing code, and
come back in a couple of days to read the displays, tweak the touch
graphs, and make the decisions that require human attention.  Viola:
A covert operation that would have tied up thousands of scarce
man-hours 20 years ago, reduced to a work order format while-u-wait.
If the project fails, oh well, blame the computer and the "human
assets" fielded, then move on.
Oops.  If they don't have that now, analysts in several services will
forward my paranoid speculation to a suggestion box, and by this time
next year...

@_date: 2016-08-23 23:22:50
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
Hash: SHA1
Not "some vast conspiracy," just a few individuals with CVs more
relevant to a specific form of political warfare than software
development, behaving exactly as if they had been hand picked by a
hostile actor and given a line of attack to pursue.  The beauty part:
 "Prove it."  ;)
As universal surveillance and profiling technologies mature, so will
tools for analyzing organizations to identify exploitable weaknesses
of key figures, and identifying candidates to recruit or influence to
do that exploitation.  The phrase "CIA Computer Dating & Job Placement
Service" sums up a toolkit that makes formerly difficult, expensive
categories of clandestine operations both more affordable and
reliable, which makes smaller, less important targets accessible.
The technology exists, an eager market wants it, blank checks are
available to make it happen.  Individuals and organizations working
against State and Corporate agendas should adjust their behavior

@_date: 2016-08-23 21:51:31
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Appelbaum, CDC, CCC 
Hash: SHA1
I do expect the stunning success of the operation against Applebaum
will lead to similar attacks against organizations and personalities
considered inconvenient by State and Corporate agencies who "have
relations with" the clandestine services.
Meanwhile, back in the real world, projects to Fork TOR are already
forming up and assembling resources.  Maybe now real work can start on
proposals like variable latency, padding, etc.

@_date: 2016-08-24 22:32:11
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome run by feds 
Hash: SHA1
Hey, no fair!  All the cool kids get to be banned, I wanna be banned too

@_date: 2016-08-26 18:28:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: When is a conspiracy, fact? (And who runs North America?) 
Hash: SHA1
According to an article in Forbes a couple of years ago, 400
billionaires own 1/2 the capital assets in the United States
(population 370+ million).  I find it ridiculous to credit that
"democratic self rule" could exert any substantial influence on the
political destiny of that nation.
In an economically and industrially developed nation with mature
democratic institutions, the function of the State is to convert money
into power, and power back into money, in an accelerating feedback
cycle - for the benefit of the rich, at the expense of the poor.
Details of how this process is administered vary from venue to venue
but no large going-concern State fails to evolve into a form that
serves this simple functional purpose.
Conspiracy Theory is a propaganda meme created by the CIA and
promulgated through a memo circulated to its agents in mass media
outlets (print and broadcast), advising them on how to stomp down
independent investigations of the JFK murder.
When a narrative is labeled Conspiracy Theory, that means it's
considered harmful to State and Corporate interests, regardless of
whether it is factual or fanciful, and is targeted for disposal by
State and Corporate propaganda assets.
The Big Lie is a three phase process:  First, a manufactured spectacle
is created to grab the public's attention; second, the shocking event
is explained through a full saturation propaganda campaign prepared in
advance and launched on the same day; finally, a long term political
warfare campaign counters factual reporting that contradicts the Big
Lie narrative.  The Big Lie works through mechanisms of imprinted
emotional memory and cognitive dissonance; the more "intelligent" and
"morally responsible" the victim, the more resources he or she will
effortlessly and automatically deploy to defend the Big Lie, a.k.a.
"what I know in a factual and moral sense to be true," from the
corrosive influence of mere facts.
Example:  The 911 Truth Movement includes competent investigators who
have published highly defensible conclusions, as exemplified by the
Architects & Engineers For 911 Truth organization.  It also includes
black propaganda assets who very successfully promote "proofs" of
prima facie delusional and irrational assertions about the 911 mass
murder via social network campaigns, staining factual narratives as
delusional and irrational by association.
Proof that no planes hit the WTC towers is presently making the
rounds.  Proofs that silent invisible nuclear bombs, ray guns fired
from orbit, and that missiles strapped to the airliners were used to
collapse three buildings at WTC are also in the rotation.  This is an
example of service after the sale for a Big Lie, providing True
Believers converted by the initial propaganda effort with handy
excuses for dismissing factual narratives as "something those ignorant
lunaticks believe."  Because the State sanctioned delusional beliefs
about the 911 mass murder are sustained by emotional imprints and
support a larger delusional complex ("the State protects the lives and
interests of the people") reasoned arguments are not required to keep
the believers on track; depicting critics of the State narrative as
fools is sufficient.
Conspiracy studies, which range in quality from excellent to fucking
ridiculous, have made a very successful transition from pulp magazines
and mimeographed newsletters to the Internet, where both fact and
fantasy flourish thanks to the near-zero costs of publication and
distribution.  Unfortunately for the human race, the fictional
narratives spread much faster than factual ones and become rigid
beliefs affecting millions of people.
The right name for "serious conspiracy theory" is intelligence
analysis.  This is an inherently complex and demanding field offering
no certainties, only weighted estimates of what is probably going on
in the real world.  It should come as no surprise that bullshit
narratives written at the 6th grade level, offering instant easy
answers to every mystery and implicit cure-all solutions to all the
world's problems, outsell and overshadow evidence based research.
Unwinding this problem is easy, if you have the necessary skills and
attitudes.  Exposing it in a meaningful way is impossible, unless we
can somehow make people smarter, better educated, and motivated to
question their own assumptions from time to time.

@_date: 2016-08-28 21:05:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [private] Re: [tor-talk] http://jacobappelbaum.net/ 
Hash: SHA1
As a student of propaganda, I see two-value reasoning like this as
either a cognitive error by a naive writer, or an attempt by a
sophisticated writer to encourage and exploit two-value reasoning in
others.  Either way, the appropriate response is the same:  Call the
respondent's emotionally driven irrational snap judgment what it is,
and put the focus back on practical realities.
Two value judgments of security tools and protocols are assertions
that they are either "secure" or "insecure."  But in real life, there
are no absolutes - least of all in the sphere of network security.  If
one insists on a guarantee that any particular tool or technique will
always work, the answer is always "impossible, so why bother - you're
screwed anyway."  That is why propagandists employed by State and
Corporate actors do promote this attitude.
Those who can be pulled into two-value reasoning will either be
defeated by the false assumption that their chosen "unbreakable"
methods provide 100% security against all adversaries, or refuse to
deploy /any/ security measures because "we're all screwed anyway."
That latter position is easier to sell, because it provides a
rationalization for ignorance and laziness.  But either way, the bad
guys gain major advantages because their targets are following bad advic
I do not make an argument that "we're all screwed anyway."  I do
present (what I think is) a novel and seldom if ever discussed general
technique for defeating anonymizing mix networks that rely on
distributed routing protocols, where the routers operators are
effectively "anonymous" and any number of routers can be stood up by
one adversary.  I only point out that this can be done by using VPN
connections from a cloud server running modified router instances, to
a large number of physical endpoints masquerading as legitimate routers.
This method is very similar in terms of physical deployment to a known
NSA program called "More Cowbells" and could, in principle, be
deployed via the same "Packaged Goods" boxes which per report are
already widely distributed around the world to implement the said NSA
If the attack I describe is practical - and there seems to be a
consensus that it is - the points, plural, are:
1)  Users who have been encouraged to believe that their comms can be
hidden from a well funded adversary just by using the anonymizing
network overlays available today, need to know about practicable
attacks available against the tools in question, so they can make
informed judgment calls and adjust their tactics accordingly.
2)  Developers of anonymizing network overlay technology need to know,
so they can evaluate the threats presented, work toward creating
countermeasures, and adjust the performance claims made for their
products accordingly.
3)  Advocates of anonymizing network overlay technology need to know,
in order to adjust their expectations and representations accordingly,
and contribute to mitigations or solutions as best they are able.
One practical counter-attack to the threat model I call a Hydra (one
body, many heads) is stupidly simple:  Create more traffic than the
Hydra can handle, by transitioning the whole network infrastructure -
or a significant fraction of it - to anonymized mix networking.
This response is not practicable today, but one may be permitted to
hope for the best in the long term:  The See IETF RFC 6973, Privacy
Considerations, which recognizes privacy as a fundamental network
security and quality of service issue and provides a rational
framework for addressing the specific issues relevant to privacy in
Until or unless anonymized routing becomes as much a part of routine
network comms as, for instance, SSH/SSL, we will just have to make do
with existing conditions, mitigating threats against available tools
by adjusting our trust models to reflect the real world, and applying
physical security methods to enhance network security where and as
this is considered desirable.

@_date: 2016-08-29 03:38:12
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Clueless article on CNN about BleachBit 
I have used bleachbit myself from time to time and it seems to perform
as advertised.  However, as far as I know there is no way to reliably
overwrite files on a mounted journaling file system.  Mostly overwrite
most of the time, yes, but in cases where one must be sure that no data
survives the process, other measures such as deleting the files that
have got to go, backing up the remaining non-deleted files and
overwriting the original file system from end to end would be required.
All those nit picking little details... ugh.  Just encrypt the whole
drive, and overwrite the key to destroy the data if/as needed.  Or
better yet, keep the key on a memory stick that can be tossed in a
volcano or so.

@_date: 2016-08-31 08:53:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: FBI says foreign hackers have penetrated US state election databases. 
Hash: SHA1
Rat Own!  Me some too!
Meanwhile, wannabet that it was a spamming, scamming, SEO contracting
Amerikan who borrowed those lists, which after all /are/ for sale to
marketers.  Maybe he just went looking for or phished an open server
address, then played TOR Roulette till he had an exit node in a
"humorous" jurisdiction and proceeded with teh download?
This scenario fits the crime, includes an element of ironic humor, and
provides the physical excuse for a diversionary Big Lie in advance of
Amerikan rigging of a Presidential election by competing red and blue
teams.  "The Russians did it, nobody saw me, you can't prove anything."
I can't wait to see 'em go at it.  I sure hope they don't miss the
chance of presenting a star studded production of The Three Stooges
Hack An Election.
* sorry about the misapplication of the holy totem word "hack", I been
talking to too many kids lately and it just slipped out.

@_date: 2016-08-29 22:54:06
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: FBI says foreign hackers have penetrated US state election databases. 
Hash: SHA1
This is an outrage!  That information is supposed to cost money,
dammit.  It's public record and anyone can buy it, so the Russians had
no business breaking in to copy it.  Cheap bastards.

@_date: 2016-08-30 07:54:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: TOR Project aces "Transparency" 
Hash: SHA1
This address:  ...presently returns this notice:
You don't have permission to access /archive on this server.
Apache Server at blog.torproject.org Port 443
... when accessed by TOR's very own latest browser.
I just thought that was funny.
But I'm strange that way.

@_date: 2016-09-21 08:48:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: on communication - gpg's el gamal and debian's openssl 
Hash: SHA1
Below:  The kind of content people bitch about CPunks not having near
enough of.  Really annoying stuff, in the sense that now I have to
look at the whole thing of this happy horse shit.
Gee thanks.

@_date: 2016-09-17 05:47:07
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: US FED Rule 41: We're Gonna Hack Everyone, No Warrants Required 
This Rule was probably developed soon after Rule 34 was understood by
the agencies responsible for surveillance activities.

@_date: 2016-09-10 12:44:12
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: <nettime> living under algorithmic governance 
Hash: SHA1
The great unwashed publick actually believes that "free speech" means
privately owned publishers have to let them say whatever they want, on
the given publishers' dime.  Isn't that cute?  Meanwhile, playing the
game of publishing arbitrary propaganda "for free" through social
media outlets is a whole 'nother thing.  Weasels ride for free, but
others may need to launch Big Stories (ahem) that would trigger the
Streisand Effect if they were taken down.  As illustrated in the
thread above.
Meanwhile, this seems to provide an excuse to get out my soap box.
The Facebook, as any good CPunk should know, is one of the twin crown
jewels of U.S. domestic mass surveillance, the other being Google.
The Facebook's national infrastructure was capitalized by DARPA's
financiers, and soon afterward propagandized with front page
placements in "student" newspapers throughout the U.S. (local sports
hero asserts The Facebook is life vs. death in campus social scene,
same template from coast to coast).  That worked brilliantly.  As soon
as its infrastructure was built out to accommodate really explosive
growth, The Facebook started accepting subscribers without .edu e-mail
accounts.  Given the identity of its de facto owners, this makes The
Facebook a classic study in large scale covert political warfare.
Then someone read The Facebook's terms of service and privacy policy,
and started talking.  In summary, by signing up one agreed to be
placed under ongoing surveillance through every vector available to
The Facebook; to allow The Facebook to integrate all intel collected
against the user and offer it for sale to all comers; and of course
granting The Facebook a non-exclusive but unlimited license to publish
any and everything submitted by the user, in a wrapper (c) The
Facebook, forever and ever amen.
The great unwashed publick was shocked - shocked, I tell ya! - and The
Facebook's terms and conditions were promptly amended to obfuscate the
surprisingly honest (insider sabotage?) original, and mitigate
whatever damage it did.  Meanwhile, under the radar, The Facebook
enabled NSA to outsource tons of collection and pre-processing for its
Rumsfeld-given Total (er, I mean, Terrorist) Information Awareness
program, /and/ made that service pay for itself.
Since then, widely publicized and briefly influential articles and
videos documenting the U.S. intelligence community's controlling
interest in The Facebook have gone down the memory hole.  So have the
early Facebook TOS docs:  I went digging for both a few days ago and
abracadabra, no trace of either turned up.  I am sure that a more
determined effort would find hot leads in old list archives & etc;
"Big Brother, Big Facebook," "Orwellian Social Network," and similar
strings might be productive.
I have an account on The Facebook.  I was a very late adopter; my only
initial interest was in testing promotional tools integrating websites
with The Facebook:  The "liek" buttons scattered like JS land mines
across millions of seemingly harmless websites; my own versions of
same that do not phone home to Zuckerberg unless deliberately
activated by the visitor; the uses and abuses of company Facebook
pages; and etc.  "The customer gets what the customer wants."
But eventually I decided to start using The Facebook to distribute
propaganda; it's not like this tells Big Brother anything about me
that's not already being collected.  Depending the propaganda you pump
out and the audience you cultivate, The Facebook can give productive
results - especially if you are interested in engaging IRL with
political activists, organizers and radicals.  The Other Side has
already spotted you; might as well let Our Team do so as well.
The Facebook is an environmental condition; a pervasive fungus on the
networks that is only as toxic to the user as the user's ignorance
enables it to be.
And that's all I have to say about that.

@_date: 2016-09-07 21:52:18
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Man From The CIA 
Hash: SHA1
In a similar vein...
Government Spies
via the Fabuous Furry Freak Brothers:
Government spies are everywhere,
In your home and in your hair
Lurking in their secret lair
Counting dollars
They know everyone you know
They see everything you show
And everywhere you go
They slowly follers
Government spies will come to you
And there's not much that you can do
Except to sit there 'till they're through
With their spying
They will count up all your cash
They will go through all your trash
Then they'll confiscate your stash
And leave you crying
Government spies are everywhere
In your home and in your hair
Lurking in their secret lair
Counting money
They know everyone you know
They go everywhere you go
They see everything you show
And it ain't funny

@_date: 2016-09-07 20:52:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Social Engineering 99: Because thinking is hard ... Cognitive bias cheat sheet 
Hash: SHA1
Don't bias my cogs, man.  They barely grind along as it is.
There's some excellent basics in this very application oriented
presentation, relevant for anyone who is trying to figure out WTF is
going on based on partial and manipulated information:
Psychology of Intelligence Analysis, Richards J. Heuer, Jr.
Just got done having a brief exchange elsewhere with a fellow whose
superior Authority on matters biochemical was his claimed credentials
as a Psychologist.  He was posting links to very crudely written
propaganda pieces in support of his indefensible position, so I pulled
a few quotes and pointed out that the authors were eliciting and
exploiting common cognitive biases to sell the said proposition in the
absence of evidence.  "If you are a psychologist why didn't you see
Small world I guess.

@_date: 2016-09-07 20:37:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Excellent article about Cypherpunks. 
Hash: SHA1
I liked the article a lot.  It has some details about what went on at
Havenco that I had not seen before, and did a way better than
"mainstream journalism" job of explaining the technology that put the
cypher in cpunk.

@_date: 2016-09-06 13:54:00
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: A Joke from some Yahoo! 
Hash: SHA1
This just in from Yahoo!, because I use IMAP and a mail reader rather
than a whole uber-expolitable (by comparison) web browser (or a
dedicated spyware app).
Too much fud.  I mean fun.
"If you've already taken action on this, you can disregard this email."
"Protect yourself from phishing emails"

@_date: 2016-09-05 03:44:41
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Troll Tools 
Hash: SHA1
Yay, let's present new subscribers with a manual on how to fuck up a

@_date: 2016-09-09 02:17:31
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: New list confirmation (Re: cpunks list relocation imminent 
Hash: SHA1
Sounds right to me.
- From my own posting history it's clear that I don't mind pushing
content that addresses the methods of practical politics, and some of
the theory behind same.  The connection of this to crypto etc. is that
it illustrates contexts in which crypto (and by extension pretty much
all network security considerations) can be productively used to
support political means and ends.  Hence relevant to threat models,
product designs, education and support activities for crypto-centric
So far I'm not getting flamed for that.
Also sounds right to me.  Don't let's pretend we can't do it - some of
the subscribers on this list are veterans of USENET.
"Cypherpunks of the world unite - You have nothing to lose but your
barbed wire!"

@_date: 2016-09-09 01:42:10
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: New list confirmation (Re: cpunks list relocation imminent (was: Re: moving on)) 
Hash: SHA1
Greetings, Anarchists and Sworn Enemies Of Anarchism!
Without a sovereign Authority to sign off on it, there can be no such
thing as a CPunks List Charter.  What it this, a corporation?  CPunks
has never even been as organized as a pirate vessel - no ship's
articles, no process for selecting or removing captains, no
disciplinary process, no profit sharing or worker's comp...
HOWEVER, I do propose yet another definitive answer for the "topic" of
the cypherpunks list:
Information warfare in the public interest.
Because in the local context, cypher- means mathematical munitions,
and -punk means opposed to abuse of authority.  Information warfare in
the public interest provides a very broad canvas to work with,
encompassing everything from tools and strategies for network security
to exposure of State and Corporate covert surveillance and
manipulation with an eye to practical mitigation.
If you order today you also get a culture and heritage of hacking.
Not the pop culture script kiddie version, but hacking in the original
tehchnophiliac meaning of the word:  Content with an emphasis on How
Stuff Works and how to make stuff Work For You.  But wait, there's
more!  All of this happens in a context of radical politics, so we can
widen our subject matter to include hacking tips, tricks, tools and
case histories for technologies like practical propaganda, activist
organization, and resistance movements.  A Magic Theater with only one
price:  Study that, do that, improve on that, and assist others to do
When people acquire, use and share practical tools and techniques,
they can enable Big Things to happen.  When people promote and defend
and repeat and elaborate and fight over and recycle and reiterate and
regurgitate and clog up the tubes with the END PRODUCTS of their VERY
OWN political agenda, grounded in Most Passionate Beliefs, we get an
identity politics shouting match that proves nothing but our
collective incompetence at waging information warfare in the public
Get good at being Bad.  Know the right way to do wrong.

@_date: 2016-09-09 01:39:26
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: New list confirmation (Re: cpunks list relocation imminent (was: Re: moving on)) 
Hash: SHA1
Well that's odd.  I wonder what it's about?  Splitting the list into
what?  Two with different themes?  One Moderated and one Unmoderated?
If the latter, that's a perilous course.  One sees a lot of "twin"
lists and such that are one sterile and stereotyped, the other totally
overrun with tards.  Because once upon a time, half or more of the
people on the original list who took an interest in keeping it alive
gradually overwhelmed.
When the means to eliminate a public voice by direct force are not
practicable, death by a thousand paper cuts may get the job done.
Splitting an online forum may be a decisive move in that direction, or
harmless and productive, depending the situation.  As someone already
pointed out, there is already a cryptography list, which seems to
provide more or less what any advocates for moderation could ask for.
People have been talking about the CPunks list charter.  I have not
seen it.  What Sovereign signed it, and what powers does the Crown
delegate to us, for what tribute in return?  Just curious.
Will post a message to this same thread that enlarges on "my" input to
the "public" conversation.

@_date: 2016-09-01 07:33:50
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] ... 
Hash: SHA1
Hum.  A single, simple abstraction (point to an autonomy, what does it
weigh?), supported by content free two value non-reasoning (name
calling, battle cry).
Sounds a lot like a satire of religious fundamentalism.

@_date: 2016-09-01 05:43:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] ... 
Hash: SHA1
Technologists are likely to assume that political problems are
products of stupidity, and that putting their own kind of intelligence
in the driver's seat would automatically create optimum solutions to
all those problems.  Maybe so, but only if that intelligence is given
relevant and accurate data to work from:  Context is everything, and
in a world dominated by indoctrinated ideologies nothing is more
subversive than the facts.
The article cited in the original post is a commentary on this essay:
Wherein Brzezinski says:
"While no state is likely in the near future to match Americas
economic-financial superiority, new weapons systems could suddenly
endow some countries with the means to commit suicide in a joint
tit-for-tat embrace with the United States, or even to prevail.
Without going into speculative detail, the sudden acquisition by some
state of the capacity to render America militarily inferior would
spell the end of Americas global role. The result would most probably
be global chaos. And that is why it behooves the United States to
fashion a policy in which at least one of the two potentially
threatening states becomes a partner in the quest for regional and
then wider global stability, and thus in containing the least
predictable but potentially the most likely rival to overreach.
Currently, the more likely to overreach is Russia, but in the longer
run it could be China.
"Since the next twenty years may well be the last phase of the more
traditional and familiar political alignments with which we have grown
comfortable, the response needs to be shaped now. During the rest of
this century, humanity will also have to be increasingly preoccupied
with survival as such on account of a confluence of environmental
challenges. Those challenges can only be addressed responsibly and
effectively in a setting of increased international accommodation. And
that accommodation has to be based on a strategic vision that
recognizes the urgent need for a new geopolitical framework.
... and that's a paradigm shift, coming as it does from the man who
created Al Qaida and laid the foundation for today's business as usual
methods for regime change a.k.a. NeoColonial conquest.
We now return to our regularly scheduled Cypherpunks, a world of pure
imagination where smart people like us would rise to the top of the
social hierarchy on merit alone and fix the world, if only those
damned [scapegoat name here] would get the hell out of our way.

@_date: 2016-09-03 11:39:26
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: individual responsibility - was Re: Nationalism vs Globalism 
Hash: SHA1
That seems to equate nonviolent political warfare with martyrdom.
Along with "pacifism means passive-ism", that's a supporting script
for Rebel As You Are Told, a widespread, long running Statist
propaganda mission.  The message that "nonviolence equals helplessness
and can not work" is primarily intended to help prevent anti-war
movements, but is equally applicable to helping prevent successful
populist uprisings on any domestic front.  Per case histories,
successful revolutionary wars are won before the first (openly
acknowledged) shot is fired.  And even in "doomed" situations,
nonviolent political warfare methods can directly save lives, and keep
underground movements alive as well.
Some case histories:  Disregarded History by Gene Sharp, 14 pages.
Everybody from the Albert Einstein Institute to U.S. Army counter
insurgency training programs agrees:  To succeed, a home-grown armed
insurgent force needs a much larger base of committed non-combatant
supporters to succeed.  Without this base the insurgent force must
rely on support from wealthy patrons or foreign States, which moves
the context from "liberation" to "regime change," with a big quid pro
quo due and payable on the success of efforts to displace existing
State institutions.
Right on.  Fuck Anarchism - as a label or worse, an identity.  But
anarchism does provide a frame of reference for political analysis and
strategy with a unique emphasis on core issues of personal and social
power relationships:  A generalized and non-prescriptive toolkit, so
to speak.  I like that.

@_date: 2016-09-05 01:24:34
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Suggestion to list admins for warning/disclaimer on the web for new subscribers 
My point - such as it was:  COINTELPRO != forum trolling.  Besides
being a thing of the past, since replaced by many other programs with
similar objectives and methods.  Anyone who may be subject to that
kind of State attention either knows very well that everything they
expose on the public Internet is known to their adversaries at once,
or has already done as much damage to themselves by "saying too much"
as they are going to by saying more.

@_date: 2016-09-04 23:43:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Suggestion to list admins for warning/disclaimer on the web for new subscribers 
Hash: SHA1
Hum.  Examples of sabotage would be interesting to see.  Would that
include posting links to live HTML-borne exploits against browsers or
MUAs to the list, links to sites offering trojan installers (i.e.
Sourceforge or worse), or jokes like advice to do "sudo rm -rf ./*"?
One normally thinks of sabotage as attacks against physical or digital
COINTELPRO was a Hoover-era FBI political warfare program, grounded in
the proposition that U.S. Civil Rights, Anti-War and radical political
activities in general were 5th column operations sponsored and
controlled by communist States.  Calling today's U.S. domestic
political warfare programs COINTELPRO is reminiscent of Conspiracy
Theorist wannabes who call notional present-day Illuminati sponsored
mind control operations MKULTRA (and spell it wrong).
I seem to be missing the real fun.  Lemme see the sabotage and
COINTELPRO content.
Also, grammar nazi time:  "misdirection and control of a internet
forum." (vs. "an Internet forum")
Overall the disclaimer seems redundant to me, and sounds too much like
a script kiddie brag.  Posting it as a sign out front is something a
party interested in "dilution, misdirection and control" would do to
suggest that a forum is sponsored and populated by teenage poseurs.
An abbreviated form like this would be more than sufficient IMO:
"The Cypherpunks list is an unmoderated forum.  Prospective
subscribers should be aware that the tenor of conversation is often
contentious, offensive, and always politically incorrect.  New
subscribers are encouraged to observe the conversation before posting:
 Lurk before you leap."
Steve Kinney

@_date: 2016-09-03 16:05:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Suggestion to list admins for warning/disclaimer on the web for new subscribers 
Hash: SHA1
Such a warning qualifies as a marketing placement, whether intended or
not, depicting the list as a fast and crazy scene where seriously
weird people hang out:  spooks, social engineers, crackpots, etc.
Kind of like taking a wrong turn on a familiar street and walking
straight into an X Files episode.
"It could happen to you."

@_date: 2016-09-07 01:38:11
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Politically Correct and Hypocrisy 
Hash: SHA1
vs. Passive aggressive.  People who go around looking for excuses to
be offended are themselves on the offensive, looking to dominate the
social environment for the sake of dominance itself.  We do have
effective, non-polarizing ways of dealing with "offensive" behavior*,
but they involve acknowledging and respecting the humanity (a.k.a.
sovereign rights) of the "offender" so where's the status seeking
social climbing value of that?
When looking for examples of black propaganda and covert ops in a
"divide the conquered" context, don't neglect the self appointed PC
Police:  Tools of the Fascist (& Racist, Sexist, etc.) Patriarchy,
each and every one.  Should we credit the possibility that an
organized, persistent "movement" with a consistently belligerent
message and methodology that never changes or evolves can happen all
by itself?  Not when it actively alienates "activist" communities from
each other and, much more so, from the public at large.
* Example:  Rosenberg, Nonviolent Communication (pdf)

@_date: 2016-09-06 17:16:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Why could this list be a target for (paid) trolls? 
Hash: SHA1
No duh.  I was going to reply, "Why WOULD this list be a target for
(paid) trolls?"  It's got one of the best autotrolling systems in the
business already.  Comparable case:  Paying someone to sabotage a
construction project staffed by the Three Stooges.

@_date: 2016-09-07 03:13:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Philosophokiddies 
Hash: SHA1
Proofs only exist in formal systems like maths and geometry, and then
only because those systems expressly define what constitutes a proof
within the given system.  In the real world, one may collect evidence
based on observation, analysis and experiment, leading to varying
degrees of confidence in various conclusions:  A massive weight of
evidence supports the first law of thermodynamics, but no one will
ever prove it "true."
In purely practical terms, demonstrating that one economic and social
system works better than another economic and social system depends on
two things:  The definition of "better" and observation of full scale
practical implementations.  The massive number of variables, feedbacks
and turbulence in economic and social systems rule out accurately
predicting outcomes based on thought experiments or simulations.
"Proof" invokes two value reasoning, which strongly appeals to human
cognitive and emotional biases but can not accurately model any but
the very simplest of systems in the material world.  Propagandists
love to exploit two value reasoning:  I have found that the presence
of the word "proof" in the title of a story circulated on the Internet
identifies a deceptive or delusion-based story with about two nines
Two value reasoning creates and strongly supports irrational,
delusional, and counter-productive belief systems - especially in the
sphere of political ideology.  Are you done thinking and ready to
impose your will on all the idiots and assholes who disagree with you
by force?  Then "proof" is your golden ticket to rationalizing
violence as a moral imperative for the greater good.

@_date: 2016-09-07 20:32:06
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Let's Talk About Juan... ;-) 
Hash: SHA1
The other day upon the stair
I saw a man who wasn't there.
Three more of them weren't there today
I think they're from the CIA.
Juan hurt my feelings by only just barely, almost grudgingly, calling
me a Statist Pig the other day.  I had to practically drag it out of
him.  I have been damned with faint praise before, but never praised
with faint damnation.

@_date: 2016-09-08 20:33:19
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [Private] Hi, dear! :) 
Hash: SHA1
Doo-doo occurs, as they say.  Can't blame ya for trying.
I count 25 Pork-O-Grams in my spam folder, and the third day of
Tomorrow's Bacon* is not even over.
When the squee fest subsides I will bulk delete the replies to,
complaints about, and other "feeding of" the troll in question from my
CPunks folder.
* ("Today's Pig Is...")

@_date: 2016-09-10 19:09:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Inside the fight to reveal the CIA's torture secrets 
Hash: SHA1
"(55 mins) "Her name is Alfreda Frances Bikowsky." While those six
words may seem innocuous, according to the Central Intelligence
Agency, if made publicly, they might have sent Ray and his journalist
colleagues to prison. On September 8, 2011, they received the first in
a series of phone calls and emails from CIA's media rep Preston
Golson. "We strongly believe it is a potential violation of federal
criminal law [the IIPA Intelligence Identities Protection Act] to
print the names of two reported undercover CIA officers whom you claim
have been involved in the hunt against al Qa'ida." They had used this
approach successfully several times in the past to persuade some of
America's most respected journalists -- Jane Mayer of The New Yorker,
Adam Goldman and Matt Apuzzo of the Associated Press, among others --
to withhold her name from the public. Seeking advice from the ACLU's
National Security Project, its lead attorney Ben Wizner made them
aware that she had become something of an open secret in his world.
They had stumbled onto a hornet's nest. Bikowsky, as it turned out,
was the person credited internally with the greatest PR coup of the
Obama White House, the successful assassination earlier that year of
Osama bin Laden. As chief of the Global Jihad Unit, she reportedly
runs the nation's drone strikes program. She is a through-line running
from the failure to prevent 9/11 to the push for war in Iraq to the
development of the CIA's renditions, black sites, and torture program
and continuing to today's targeted assassinations in countries around
the world. Through her story, we can see the details of a devolution
in the rule of law and the justice system in America, as well as the
impetus for and birth of what some call the "war on whistleblowers and
journalists." For 20 years, she has been at the center of history, yet
the covert nature of her job has prevented that history from ever
before being told to the public in one place. Doing so is necessary
for a democratic citizenry to have an informed discussion about
national security and intelligence policy in America's continuing
fight against terrorism. Speaker: Ray Nowosielski

@_date: 2016-09-11 17:24:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re:_Cultural_Marxism_=e2=80=93_Social_Chaos?= 
Hash: SHA1
(The author is a UK citizen and an English and social science teacher
I will have to read that article again and see if it makes more or
different sense with repetition.
On the first pass I saw a dreary, oft-repeated propaganda screed
composed of buzzwords about buzzwords, apparently aimed at an audience
who need a constant supply of circular arguments to define and condemn
their most hated enemies:  People who may happen to look like "one of
them" but fail to hate, fear and endorse the murder of people who
don't happen to look like them.  In their lexicon Marxist simply means
"people we hate who must be killed."
In my lexicon, Marxism denotes a failed 20th century political model
based on 19th century industrial economics, surviving into the 21st
century as a sterile debating society for pseudo-intellectuals.  But
then I'm an anarchist:  I like general models applicable to a wide
range of dynamic systems; don't like rigid, dogmatic, prescriptive
I interpret "social chaos in Western society" as a result of several
driving factors:  Commercial marketing strategies creating
pseudo-tribal identities for consumers, to sell them must-have and
constantly changing gang identity and specialized status symbol
products; political propaganda in a "divide the conquered" strategy
that incites conflicts between these pseudo-tribes to keep them busy
fighting among themselves; and cut-throat competition within and
between these pseudo-tribes, as systematic looting by the very rich
gradually reduces all of them to poverty.  Add constant, pervasive
propaganda proving that things only money can buy define the worth of
a human being, that nonconformity is a disease, and that violence
solves problems (turn on a TV and stand back).  Viola:  Social chaos,
made to order.
Ask a True Believer and they will tell you that this post is a
passionate defense of Marxism, and that I am a Race Traitor who
deserves to be tortured and killed as a lesson and warning to others.
 That's not my hyperbole; it's a nearly direct quote from one of them.

@_date: 2016-09-12 03:37:44
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: WL: USA to elect Walking Dead Puppet Liar Woman as President 
Some weeks ago there was a flap over her "slipping on the ice" going up
some steps in a couple of widely circulated press photos.  I looked up
Hillary's speech venues to place her in a town and the weather websites
did the rest:  No ice.  No overnight freeze, mild daytime temperatures
consistent with the clothing worn by all present, shadows indicated the
sun at least 30 degrees above the horizon.
That's when I started paying attention:  Why the lie?  H. Rottendamn
Clinton is an Old Lady on a grueling speaking tour, she stumbled, so what?
The closer one looks, the worse the story gets.  I don't know whether to
wish her a speedy recovery or to be afraid, very afraid because that
would hand her a certain football to play with.
Check her circle of friends:
Clintons National Security Advisers
A Whos Who of the Warfare State
via The Intercept:
Some amusing political essays relevant to advisers and such:
The Power Elite, C. Wright Mills
Oxford University Press, 1956
"Of the three types of circle that compose the power elite today, it is
the military that has benefited the most in its enhanced power, although
the corporate circles have also become more explicitly entrenched in the
more public decision-making circles. It is the professional politician
that has lost the most, so much that in examining the events and
decisions, one is tempted to speak of a political vacuum in which the
corporate rich and the high warlord, in their coinciding interests, rule.
National Security and Double Government, Michael J. Glennon,
Harvard National Security Journal, 2014
"The United States has, in short, moved beyond a mere imperial
presidency to a bifurcated system  a structure of double government 
in which even the President now exercises little substantive control
over the overall direction of U.S. national security policy. Whereas
Britains dual institutions evolved towards a concealed republic,
Americas have evolved in the opposite direction, toward greater
centralization, less accountability, and emergent autocracy."

@_date: 2016-09-13 17:35:34
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Coalition Seeks Obama to Pardon Snowden 
Hash: SHA1
They got about 170K signatures of goal 100K what changed?
"Snowden wants to return to Amerika" sounds to me like Snowden Theater
for the purpose of keeping the Snowden Saga alive in the network media
sphere.  He's apparently clever enough to seek and take advice on how
to use his notoriety as a platform for pushing personal privacy and
State transparency to a Liberal audience.  He's featured on the latest
Jean Michel Jarre album fer Christ's sake!  (Exit, on Elecronica 2 -
The Heart Of Noise.)
I would never underestimate the value of Liberals; they have ready
cash and seek absolution for knowing better but continuing to ride a
vehicle fueled by the blood of murdered children.  One can sell them
indulgences:  Well rationalized and serviced Liberal Guilt looks and
feels like moral righteousness. Their rulers exploit them to further
their nefarious plots, why shouldn't we exploit them to further our
nefarious plots?  In the end, any radical movement that obtains
substantial results in the Real World does so by persuading masses of
reactionary fools to say and believe that they always agreed with the
radicals.  They also serve who only prepare that ground.
I don't see a moral hazard in consorting with Liberals or even taking
their money:  Anyone who can be "bought off" was never an anarchist to
begin with - and the sooner bought off, the better to get them out
from underfoot.

@_date: 2016-09-14 20:05:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Chelsea Manning Told She Will Receive Gender Transition Surgery 
Hash: SHA1
Then why did Chelsea consistently express dissatisfaction with the
role of "gay male" or even "transvestite", to the point of carving I
WANT into a chair and collapsing in a dissociative state?
Manning's performance at the Court Martial, following months of
intensive psychological torture, indicates an individual with enormous
resilience and self determination.  This "confession" also happens to
be a how-to guide, and it walked straight off the base and onto the
Internet as a "leak" in its own right:
That performance is not consistent with the unreliable malcontent who
should never have been allowed /near/ a secure compartment, per
official military records.  Either those records are bogus, or Chelsea
was falling apart for some particular reason or other.

@_date: 2016-09-14 17:20:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Chelsea Manning Told She Will Receive Gender Transition Surgery 
Hash: SHA1
Critiques of medical care provided by U.S. military prisons is way
outside my area of competency, but I can make two observations:
Modern reconstructive surgery is largely a product of military
research and patronage.  And, a high profile prisoner with strong
advocates on the outside /might/ receive adequate care for no other
reason than to avoid generating adverse publicity.  Stranger things
have happened; one may be permitted to hope for the best.

@_date: 2016-09-14 11:49:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Chelsea Manning Told She Will Receive Gender Transition Surgery 
Hash: SHA1
When the news came out that Bradley was Chelsea, a lot of people in one
of the online forums I was hanging out in were very confused, to put it
mildly.  A lot of them insisted it had to be a fake.  They just couldn't
wrap their heads around the truth.  As for me, the only problem was "Why
didn't I figure that out myself?"  It explained a lot of details of the
Manning story that did not previously make sense.  As for the people who
had been huge Manning fans and boosters until /that/ came out, my
message to them was:
"Whatever Chelsea wants, Chelsea gets."
Because fuck those people.

@_date: 2016-09-17 11:00:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [cryptome] Wifi Hotspots Must have Users Identity and Password 
Hash: SHA1
Oh well.  When opsec demands, there's always the test ports on random
residential and commercial cable modems.  Hardwired connections also
prevent hazardous RF emissions from adding to the EM smog...

@_date: 2016-09-18 04:59:48
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cloudflare & NoDAPL again w/ a ROTF 
Hash: SHA1
Good catch, 2x.
Anything called "activism" intersects with broadcast media (one to
many) and network media (many to many) in the information warfare
battle space of Political Warfare.  Any actor one has not personally
vetted should be presumed hostile, at best easily manipulated; those
one does trust for real reasons will make mistakes.  Opposition
propaganda, astroturf, deception operations, elicitation, smear jobs,
joe jobs, etc. ad Illuminatus Trilogy run rampant.  Anyone who aspires
to schange the world, without controlling access to multi-billion
dollar assets, needs to fight and win the Internet.  There are no
instant easy answers; just learning to ask the right questions is a
major undertaking.
Razer has a very solid background on WTF the people whose boots are on
the real, physical ground are up against.  When radicals fail to
integrate physical and network comms strategies successfully, radicals
fail is all.  The opposition is in the same position.  As Bugs Bunny
would say, "This calls for strategy."  An occasional reminder that we
are not /just/ playing games with computers and shit is well in order.

@_date: 2016-09-20 01:58:26
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: what is a traitor? 
Hash: SHA1
It is a label indicating a prejudicial, emotional value judgment.  Bob
Wilson would probably have said it is a synonym for "a no good shit."
When you want idiots to endorse your intention of kidnapping,
torturing and/or murdering someone for political reasons.
Every time, as in every other case where a categorically derogatory
label is branded onto someone.
Extreme ignorance apparently excuses anything:  I have seen people
call Australian national Julian Assange a "traitor" because Wikileaks
published DNC and HRC e-mail dumps.

@_date: 2016-09-20 16:38:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: on communication - [zen at freedbms.net: Re: [geany/geany] fails to open Microsoft UTF-16LE file 
Hash: SHA1
There's a lot to be said for signing messages to lists like this.  It
makes impersonation way more difficult.  It provides a visual reminder
that "signing exists" and thus promotes the use of basic crypto tools.
 Also, if list archives contain /many/ specimens of your signature,
that enables people to have /some/ limited confidence that it "really
is your key" in the absence of direct personal contact or a trusted
On the downside, it makes denying that you wrote something all but
impossible - "somebody stole my signing key and its pass phrase" is
not what someone who is trying to avoid embarrassment would like to say.
And the signatures annoy many people whose mail readers are not set up
to interpret them - possibly the best reason of all.

@_date: 2016-09-20 21:57:59
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: on communication - gpg's el gamal and debian's openssl 
Hash: SHA1
Oh dear.  That implies that the DEB and RPM package managers are blown
wide open, as both use GPG for integrity checks.  At least this
explains why everybody gets rooted all the time.
We gonna have to compile and install from source signed by the
devel... um, heh heh, signed with what?  Houston, come in?  Anybody
down there?
Sounds like a personal issue to me...
teh intertubes has too big, probably over 9000

@_date: 2016-09-21 19:15:40
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Sim Theory 
Hash: SHA1
I tell people that anyone who has ever kept a dream journal for a
substantial length of time will learn that time is not what we think
it is.  In my case, I was rather shocked to find descriptions of
several people I had not /yet/ met in real life, and how we would
interact some months later.
On another occasion, I found a detailed description of events - the
date confirmed as correct per the a note that the moon was full - that
one week later neither I nor anyone else involved remembered, in a
regular journal.  Mind = blown.
None of this can or should persuade anyone but me that something
damned strange is going on with this "reality" thing.  But I was and
remain so persuaded.  Now the question is, what does it mean and what
can I do with/to/about it?  So far the only answer I get is "just be
aware that you don't know what you think you know about how reality
works."  And worse - maybe Phil Dick was right.

@_date: 2016-09-21 01:57:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Sim Theory 
Hash: SHA1
Why have I spent an ungodly number of hours watching Mandelbrot plots
render, tweaking the scale and XY coordinates, iteration depth,
coloring rules, etc?  Can a mandelbug imagine a thing made of meat
examining it like a stained specimen on a microscope slide, or why it
would want to do that?
Same question IMO.
Years ago I was a compulsive meditator.  One time I got all the way
outside the Universe and the first thing I noticed was a dingy brass
plaque riveted to the bottom of it that said "For Amusement Purposes
Some old Taoist sage or other supposedly dreamed that he was a
butterfly.  Then a butterfly dreamed that he was some old Taoist sage
or other.  Some hundreds of years later a melancholic drug addict
asked, "Is all that we see or seem but a dream within a dream?"
Then some propagandists made a music video about a music video about a
dream within a dream:

@_date: 2016-09-22 03:15:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: "The Tree of Liberty will get its manure..." [Was Re:] 
Hash: SHA1
In my view, Religion is about ideology and Politics is about power.
Since Greed is about power, a political revolution has little if
anything to do with ideology, except in that ideological propaganda
(emotionally charged fact-free bullshit) is always employed to
persuade people to support and participate in revolutions - or to
violently oppose them, as the propagandists' employers may direct.
Well duh.  Before the American Revolution, holders of Crown land
grants were the most wealthy and powerful people in the Colonies.
After the American Revolution, former holders of Crown land grants
were the most wealthy and powerful people in the States.  The U.S.
Constitution was written for the purpose of creating a Federal
authority capable of stomping down popular uprisings against abuses of
power by these same de facto rulers.
American racism was invented by the same fine folks, as a response to
slave uprisings earlier in Colonial history:  By granting White
"indentured" slaves special privileges, they successfully divided the
conquered.  That process has continued uninterrupted, with adaptations
to accommodate changing conditions, until the present day: In Obama's
Amerika, any black person with a Master's Degree or above is as good
as any white person - all others pay in blood.
Which is why we need more revolutions, beginning with establishing
alternative ways of life that reduce or eliminate the role of today's
rulers and the passionately held, completely false Truths they dictate
to our own communities.  Big job?  The biggest.  If not for the
pending collapse of the global material economy, I would call it an
impossible job - vs. one of the most important jobs anyone could be
working on today.

@_date: 2016-09-22 01:32:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: "The Tree of Liberty will get its manure..." [Was Re:] 
Hash: SHA1
Collusion between Legislators, Judges, Prosecutors and other attorneys
make it so.  Software code is interpreted by machines without
conflicts of interest or hands out for bribes.  Legal code is
interpreted by semi-humans who chose "power over others" as their
career path and invested a lot of energy and money in gaining that power
A reasonable time to demonstrate the painful ignorance and delusional
beliefs our rulers have given us, to assure that we stay ruled.  Armed
insurrection, before the revolution process has even started, is a
gesture of suicide/surrender we have been taught to perform.  Think of
it as the ultimate act of obedience to established authority.
A revolution is won or lost before the first publicly acknowledged
shot is fired.  The shooting war is the last phase, its purpose to pry
the fingers of a stubborn ruling class off the levers of power /after/
their rule has already been rendered obsolete and irrelevant by
changes in the actual economic and social behavior of their subjects.
 Otherwise it's a coup, not a revolution.  A revolution is "the world
turned upside down."  A coup just changes out the old bastards for a
new set of bastards, usually worse ones.
The people in those Crown Colonies that became United States started
refusing to pay taxes and surcharges, ignoring the orders of Crown
authorities, and constructing their own systems of commerce and
governance long before that "shot heard 'round the world."  The
Revolutionary War was more a response to a campaign by the Crown to
take the Colonies back over, than a struggle to kick established
rulers out.  That is why the Revolutionary War had the necessary
organization and mass public support to succeed.
I found the bits of this essay addressing the Revolutionary War very
interesting, largely because I had not previously seen anything
similar in print anywhere:

@_date: 2016-09-25 05:09:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cypher piggie = JY = sea sea 
Hash: SHA1
+1 is my only comment, no need to read on.

@_date: 2016-09-23 05:54:23
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cypher piggie = JY = sea sea 
Hash: SHA1
I have high confidence in my estimate but alas, the list is not
cleared for the sources I base my estimate on.

@_date: 2016-09-23 04:28:57
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cypher piggie = JY = sea sea 
Hash: SHA1
Not very likely.  I give it less than 1% that either of them is the
same as that one.  "Trust me."
On the other hand, he who smelt it may well have dealt it.

@_date: 2016-09-24 04:23:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: JY vs Sea Sea vs Actual Discussion 
Hash: SHA1
That is /very/ clever indeed.
Or just make them believe you gave up something "personally
embarrassing" but not actionable under duress.  Got to give them a win
to report.

@_date: 2016-09-24 01:29:50
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: JY vs Sea Sea vs Actual Discussion 
Hash: SHA1
Now that's a project relevant to CPunk interests:  Rubber Hose was
never finished,  The hidden container feature in Truecrypt is unstable
and unreliable (therefore also "unfinished") per my experience.  The
file system you describe seems to provide a real solution.
Being able to hand off keys harmlessly when some border control
officer wants to turn your electronics inside out:  Priceless.

@_date: 2016-09-23 22:23:04
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: JY vs Sea Sea vs Actual Discussion 
Hash: SHA1
Over the last few months the volume of posts has been way up, the
quality way down.  I use junk mail settings to send oinker-grams and
etc. to their very own folder, out of sight and out of mind.  I ignore
most of the longer threads.
That would be a Good Thing.  Lately I been thinking about the absence
of direct support & discussion of actual software projects here, vs.
in the old days.  I think two factors are involved:  The spin-off
cryptography list gets the technical discussion of cryptographic
matters.  And most applications that deploy cryptography in a userland
context are /huge/ productions these days, compared to (for instance)
PGP, Scramdisk, etc., and the teams working on them have their own
internal mailing lists, wikis, budget meetings, HR issues, etc.
These factors reduce relevance of the cypher- side of the present list
to real world coding projects, while the -punk side runs rampant.
Radical politics in the Libertarian vs. Anarchist range has been
on-topic since ever, as the context of end user network security in a
world of totalitarian regimes.
I do see some useful news & information relevant to network security
issues here from time to time.  Less reactionary bullshit and troll
feeding would be nice.
The price of changing the world is that the world beats a path to your
door.  So far this list has been spared the worst of that.  But public
awareness of the "issues" raised by the CPunk community is at an all
time high and still growing, as a product of the Snowden Saga and
growing overt Fascism in the former Western Democracies.  Anyone
looking for a "ground zero" of counter-surveillance,
counter-censorship, anonymous digital currencies and related
technologies is likely to land here.
This may sound snarky but I'm quite serious:  If people want to see
higher quality posts on the list, they can start making them.  If
people want to start a moderated list of their very own, nobody can
stop them.

@_date: 2016-09-29 02:10:47
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
Hash: SHA1
What the hell, as long as we are already out here at L5...
Be not led astray by false prophesies of a Martian Odyssey!  Look
rather to the Earth's dusty little twin as a potential destination for
multi-year mission packages.  Very soon we will have the technology...
built for a Mars mission but it will most likely be used in our own
backyard first.
Helium III:  Very rare on Earth, common as dirt on the Moon.  Grabbing
enough of this very special isotope to build a fleet of commercial
reactors and fuel them would be a potential history changer and an
epic Bull Move.
But if we tell the world we're going back to the Moon, everyone will
figure out why and start crash programs of their own, so... Mars it
is, for as long as possible before "diverting and redesigning" the

@_date: 2016-09-27 19:12:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
Hash: SHA1
Do What Thou Wilt - I have no preference.  In the world of propaganda,
duplication and distribution is the sincerest form of flattery.
Here's a variation on the same theme.  I think the upcoming
Presidential election must be what's pissing me off; every time one of
"Those People" sitting left of center in the extremist fringe Right
Wing crosses my radar lately I go off:
Our Liberals and Progressives are, for the most part, well informed
and educated people. Education is a synonym for Indoctrination -
everybody from used car salesmen to Fortune 500 Public Relations
corporations says their real job is to educate the public.
Every one of our "educated" Liberals and Progressives is very well
aware that their own family's hopes and dreams of a comfortable
lifestyle now and in the future depend on keeping everything running
along just as it is: Complete with the systematic looting of whole
communities and economies, installation of militarized police and
slave labor prisons to control the growing mass of poor people, and
mass murder of other people's families where and as necessary to
achieve economic objectives in the National Interest. They have
deliberately embraced a convenient, delusional world view where all
they can do about Things They Know Are Wrong is blame some hated
Other, complain politely, express their heartfelt sympathy for the
victims and pronounce with grave wisdom: "Some problems won't be
solved in our lifetimes."
They are the problem, and if we don't solve them, Nature will - and
take us down with them.

@_date: 2016-09-27 02:00:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
Hash: SHA1
Uncle Ho approached the U.S. for assistance in ousting the French, who
were literally starving the Vietnamese.  He was essentially told to go
fuck himself.  So he went and found other playmates.  The rest, as
they say, is history - because we are supposed to kind of sort of know
about the rest.
I forget the details of how the "temporary" partition of Vietnam
became "permanent", but that's included in Overthrow: America's
Century Of Regime Change, by Stephen Kinzer.  Pretty good book, very
factual up until about the Regan Administration where he starts
reporting propaganda lies as straight fact; it goes downhill from
there.  There's this little thing about how, for instance, the Bush
clan tends to kill authors who blacken the family name.  At minimum,
factual reporting on the actions of presently living war criminals
would put a serious kink in one's professional prospects.

@_date: 2016-09-26 21:04:16
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] US government set on complete destruction of Ukraine 
Hash: SHA1
In the context of the Cold War, now arriving at the boiling point due
to the Bush/Obama Administration's belligerent posture toward Russia,
the U.S. annexation of Ukraine via a (literally) Nazi proxy force
makes strategic sense:  It was a destabilizing military and economic
provocation against the Russian Federation, and has been followed by a
massive conventional force buildup on Europe's eastern borders, adding
pressure to the weight of U.S. controlled strategic nuclear assets
that were /already/ present on that border.  These deployments must be
countered, which ties up Russian military assets and reduces that
country's force projection capabilities in North Africa and the Middle
Russia's continuing support of the ethnic Russian enclave on Ukraine's
eastern border also makes strategic sense:  It prevents full
consolidation of power by the U.S. installed government, prevents
routine deployment of East-facing U.S. controlled forces on the
Ukraine/Russian border, and provides a potential haven for Ukrainian
insurgents working against the government in Kiev.
Crimea's value to Russia is self explanatory, and I do not recall
hearing anything about the populace turning out to protest the orderly
handover of power to Russia in preference to a U.S. sponsored gang of
(literal) Nazis.  Rather the opposite, and I saw no evidence that the
U.S. even /tried/ to retain Crimea.
The "USA Number One!" mentality of comfortable Middle Class Amerikans
makes sense of a kind: Their continued material prosperity relative to
the former Working Class /does/ depend on global terrorism, enforced
poverty, mass murder, cities reduced to rubble and refugee columns,
etc. as the U.S. war of global economic conquest continues.  They
deserve to see the same things happen to their own children and
families, and if they continue to get their own way they WILL see that
- - unless they happen to be closer to ground zero "on the day."
Unfortunately, this cheerful little scenario involves dragging those
bodies down into the same hell.
The real conflict here is not West vs. East or even USA vs. The Rest
Of The World.  It is the human race, vs. its own parasitic ruling
class and their faithful servants.  The parasites have already lost;
if they do not surrender their power voluntarily (impossible),
environmental limits enforced by the laws of physics will destroy that
power (inevitable).  Now the only game in town is about reducing the
final body count, which no rational scenario places at less than a
couple of billion, and preserving essential long term survival
resources for the survivors.  And that's where radical populist
politics enters the scene.  Communication is vitally important in
political warfare, and providing the best possible tools to Our Side
is the mission that makes "cypherpunk" bullshit worth doing.

@_date: 2016-09-29 03:32:16
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
Hash: SHA1
I have seen the "hyperaggressive" type a few times.  Sad commentary:
I would MUCH rather work around them, than the straight up sleazy
swindling thieves.  These two camps are the market and
office-political hammers and anvils of the IT industries.
Worse yet, a general case across all industries:  Lots of working
stiffs have the strange idea that somehow their "profit margin" on the
job grows in proportion to the time spent looking busy while doing
nothing.  They think they are "sticking it to the man."  I think they
are morons, and I mean that literally; it's a slave mentality.
Homey don't play that.

@_date: 2016-09-28 17:43:16
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
Hash: SHA1
I need to understand Things better.  It makes sense to me that one can
buy or borrow a Thing, disassemble it in the hardware then the
firmware sense, and options for taking over that whole family or
series of Things should present themselves - hard coded back doors for
vendor configuration updates or etc. should be quite common.  What I
don't understand is how one would go about identifying the right
addresses to send bogus vendor patches or other exploit code to,
without access to the vendor's own database of incoming pings from
Things.  MITM the vendor's connection and collect them as they pass?
Send connection requests to Things at whole IP address ranges and see
who answers?

@_date: 2016-09-28 03:50:23
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
Meanwhile the Big DDoS has apparently been mitigated by Akamai or
What bothers me is not this particular instance, but the proof of
concept it represents, in a world where everything from refrigerators to
night lights phones home.  Things present a very diffuse and low-reward
attack surface individually, but as reflectors they provide a potential
solar-furnace-like effect in the hands of a sophisticated attacker.
"Physical access is game over" so it may turn out that whoever owns the
most Things wins after all.

@_date: 2016-09-26 02:19:44
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: DDoS Of Things - 
Hash: SHA1
Filters that positively identify "authorized" senders of packets to
any given address range, dropping all not signed by an registered
(therefore permitted) user would knock it down.  Along with providing
for a comprehensive global censorship regimen at the end user level,
and yet another PITA barrier to anonymized routing.
I see two admittedly regrettable but nonetheless distinguishable
outcomes:  One where you got a locked down  weaponized Interent in
State hands, another where your refrigerator and night light can no
longer talk to the world because those circuits were disabled or removed
If IOT was a flower, it would be the daisy:  Spreads everywhere like
the weed it is, and takes the place over if you let it.
This problem is so hard it may eventually be necessary to recover the
World Of Things from the Internet of Things, like Dave Bowman took the
Discovery back over from the HAL 9000.

@_date: 2016-09-25 07:11:11
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: DDoS Of Things - 
Hash: SHA1
Maybe I'm going all Chicken Little here, maybe not.  But I think this
development may be the closest thing to an Internet Armageddon we are
likely to see in our lifetimes.
How does thee patch that which is Unpatchable? DDOS now includes the
death of a million ankle biters: Not just unpatchable, but massively
distributed, with a continuing profit motive and no liability for the
manufacturers, paid for and plugged in by hundreds of millions of
"regular folks" throughout the so-called Developed Nations.
So far every mitigation strategy relevant to "normal" users and use
cases that occurs to me would be worse than the original problem.

@_date: 2016-09-27 20:46:42
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: the hacker 
Hash: SHA1
They could do worse.  From here in Amerika, Mr. Putin looks like the
very best kind of person to stand up against the West's global war on
anyone who has anything that can extend the survival of today's
corporate capitalist Empires for another few years.

@_date: 2016-10-27 22:01:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re:_The_Pentagon=e2=80=99s_=e2=80=98Terminator_Conundrum?= =?UTF-8?Q?=e2=80=99:_Robots_Tha 
I have wanted to play this game ever since I heard of it:

@_date: 2016-10-23 02:29:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Astonishing Lie by Hillary regarding Trump "Choke" 
Yeah, a narrow wedge of "crowd" covering exactly the camera's field of
view.  There's a picture from a high angle opposite the "official"
camera's position that shows the empty square.  I seem to recall that a
lot of the same faces were also spotted in other publicity photos
showing the happy Iraqis greeting their Amerikan liberators.
Damn that Internet.  If people ever start paying attention, it will be
hard for a propagandist to earn an honest living.  Fortunately, there's
no risk of THAT happening.

@_date: 2016-10-20 19:57:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: US Nat'l Academies formalizes cooperation with intel agencies to further ensconce academia with  
Hash: SHA1
Well that's certainly ignorant bullshit.  The U.S. intelligence
community was the /principal/ funder of many aspects of the social
sciences (so-called) in the U.S. in the 1950s and 60s; MKULTRA was
only the most bizarre of many State sponsored social psychology
projects in that era.  Prior to that, the OSS employed psychiatrists
and psychologists in an effort to predict and manipulate the behavior
of key Axis figures in World War II.  Did Sigmund Freud's nephew Eddy
Bernays start consulting with his uncle before of after his meteoric
rise to the top ranks in Allied propaganda during World War I?
Searches including the phrase "human terrain" will disclose huge DoD
investments in weaponizing social psychology relative to the so-called
Global War On Terror.  Somewhere around here I have slides from a
presentation on a multi-generational strategy for conquering the
"cognitive terrain" in Middle Eastern societies that stubbornly resist
assimilation into Western cultural attitudes and behavioral norms.
Yeah right.

@_date: 2016-10-09 10:24:57
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: An opening to stop DRM in Web standards 
Hash: SHA1
Propaganda worth catapulting, IMO.
Tim Berners-Lee just gave us an opening to stop DRM in Web standards
Submitted by Zak Rogoff on October 6, 2016 - 12:27pm
This week, the chief arbiter of Web standards, Tim Berners-Lee,
decided not to exercise his power to extend the development timeline
for the Encrypted Media Extensions (EME) Web technology standard. The
EME standardization effort, sponsored by streaming giants like Google
and Netflix, aims to make it cheaper and more efficient to impose
Digital Restrictions Management (DRM) systems on Web users. The
streaming companies' representatives within the World Wide Web
Consortium (W3C) were unable to finish EME within the time allotted by
the W3C, and had asked Berners-Lee for an extension through next year.
Berners-Lee made his surprising decision on Tuesday, as explained in
an email announcement by W3C representative Philippe Le Hgaret.
Instead of granting a time extension  as he has already done once 
Berners-Lee delegated the decision to the W3C's general
decision-making body, the Advisory Committee. The Advisory Committee
includes diverse entities from universities to companies to
nonprofits, and it is divided as to whether EME should be part of Web
standards. It is entirely possible that the Advisory Committee will
reject the time extension and terminate EME development, marking an
important victory for the free Web.

@_date: 2016-10-01 02:45:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re:_[WAR]_-_US_tell_Russia_=e2=80=98no_more_talking?= =?UTF-8?Q?=e2=80=99;_USA_Syrian_=22n 
Hash: SHA1
ITT:  No surprises unless you ain't been paying attention.
What it's been about from day one to present, for those whose
attention has been elsewhere:
Genesis of ISIS and its variants:
Recent RU decapitation attack against US/NATO proxy forces:  How very
RUDE of them - a Not Done thing, but but they did it anyway:
- -including-israelis-killed-in-russia-missile-attack-in-aleppo/

@_date: 2016-10-24 17:39:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Global warming/climate change 
Hash: SHA1
Glittering Generalities much lately?
So calculation of CO2 discharges based on fuel consumption statistics,
which correlate with contemporary and historical atmospheric CO2
measurements, which correlate with historical and contemporary
measurements of ocean surface pH, which correlate with measurements of
atmospheric and oceanic temperatures, etc. are not quantitative?  One
might try to dispute the causal links between some of these observed
phenomena, but that would be an uphill battle against a /massive/
consensus of professionals in the relevant fields.
So far, those with the most to gain or lose financially - our
petrochemicails industries - have had to resort to classic propaganda
techniques to dispute the current consensus model in geophysics.
Name Calling much lately?

@_date: 2016-10-24 16:41:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Global warming/climate change 
Hash: SHA1
Attributing the widely promoted views of these individuals to
confusion is a very charitable assessment.  Anyone with a Ph.D. in any
of the sciences who speaks against the overwhelming consensus model in
climatology and misrepresents the data supporting it obtains patronage
from two of the most powerful industries in the world:  Petrochemicals
and Public Relations.  Patronage is also available to anyone who is
paid to stand in front of a blue screen and talk about the weather:  A
strong consensus among meteorologists (and other entertainers)
supports Barnum's Law, which states "There is no such thing as bad
The same propaganda techniques used in the long war against medical
science conducted by tobacco companies have been recycled by today's
campaigns against climatology, because they work.  Opposing physical
reality by lying about it may appear to be a losing battle but look
again:  A delaying action that only costs a few million dollars, while
enabling its sponsoring industries to harvest tens of billions of
dollars while a fabricated "debate" drags on, is a net winning strategy.
"Unique viewpoints" in the physical sciences /rarely/ turn out to be
useful.  When they are not products of simple error or crackpot
beliefs, "unique viewpoints" don't stay unique for more than a few
months and get incorporated into consensus models within a few years.
So many videos, so little time.  Promoters of the "chemtrails"
delusion also publish lots of videos on YouTube:  First, because their
target demographic will not read anything longer than a typical
Facebook post; second, because A/V presentations are inherently more
persuasive than print; third, because dissecting bullshit and lies
presented in video format requires one to first type a transcript of
that bullshit in order to quote and comment on it.  And why bother?
True Believers are emotionally invested in "being right" and mere
facts will not persuade them, especially when they are presented with
a continuing stream of professionally crafted rationalizations
supporting their belief.

@_date: 2016-10-03 20:40:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Hash: SHA1
Ain't no "if" about that collapse; "when" would be more accurate.  To
condense the behavior and design-mandated outcomes of industrial
civiliation into one sentence:  Unchecked exponential growth inside a
closed container does not end well.  That applies to the global
material economy, which has already exceeded hard limits and /will/
produce mass casualty events.
And the wonderful achievements of Progressive Liberalism only cost us:
 Ongoing wars of economic conquest, enforced poverty and de facto
slavery in the NeoColonies, refugee columns headed north from North
Africa and the Middle East, massive environmental degradation at home
and abroad, and upcoming mass casualty events on a scale never before
Here in the USA we have epidemics of non-communicable diseases (due to
"necessary economies" in industrial food production), a positively
for scapegoats and quick fixes, and a wider income and assets gap
between the ruling class and peasants than was present in feudal
societies.  And, oh joy, the U.S. domestic economy is being looted by
military interests while State Security forces are being rolled in to
"contain and control" a projected large scale popular uprising.
But our "homeless people" can have a shiny toy to compensate them for
their lack of basic security and so-called necessities.  Yes, they are
marginally better off than (for instance) the residents of cities
bombed out by U.S. proxy forces to protect and serve the U.S. National
Interest.  So that makes it all OK.  Nobody in Amerika is so bad off
that murdering some kids overseas can't make at least a tiny bit
better off; all boats rise on the tide of blood.
Slowly healing?  But not fast enough?  I wish I had the kind of income
and assets that make it possible to submerge oneself in that
delusional fantasy world.  Our Middle and Ruing classes voluntarily
participate in rationalizations supported by a propaganda regimen that
assures them things are getting better, and all the Bad Things that do
happen are absolutely someone else's fault.  That propaganda is paid
for, along with everything else supporting Middle and Ruling Class
lifestyles, by the ongoing war of global economic conquest that keeps
the engines of Western Civilization running at full throttle.  That
engine is fueled by the blood of innocents.
Today's "comfortable" lifestyles are capitalized by borrowing against
a future that will not happen, and every passing year of business as
usual makes the upcoming crash worse.  We are not in hock to human
creditors who can be bribed or bullied to forgive the debt; we are up
against cold equations imposed by the laws of physics.
Blame the victims, and anyone who disagrees with you about how fucking
wonderful Industrial Age civilization is.  That's the Party line.
Meanwhile, the "mature, responsible citizens" who parrot that
propaganda line do not WISH for their relatives to be raped and
killed:  They support the rape and murder of whole cities, which pays
for their comfortable, upwardly mobile lifestyle.  They also pointedly
ignore the fact that their own families WILL face that kind of
deprivation and violence as an unavoidable natural consequence of
living in a purely self-serving fantasy world.
The thing we call civilization now faces an existential crisis, but as
long as it serves their self interest our Middle and Ruling Classes
will welcome any opportunity to indulge in pathological denial.
Intelligence only means one has better tools to defend
rationalizations; education is a synonym for indoctrination; "success"
motivates reactionary Fascist conservatism regardless of any Liberal
or Progressive mask it may wear.
Sorry, I know this extended rant of mine will annoy a few people,
amuse a few others, but change not one fucking thing in the real
world.  Sometimes one must vent.

@_date: 2016-10-03 18:58:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks says Wednesday is the End for Hillary. 
Hash: SHA1
I see what you did there.  ;o)
But that's not stupid.  Just cautious.  Collusion between Clinton and
Trump makes complete sense, but in the absence of evidence directly
confirming it one should not "believe" it.  Most people can not avoid
conflating a speculative model that does fit the facts, with the facts
themselves.  Intelligence services do all they can to train their
personnel out of that habit, with limited success.
There is also a wild card factor:  It is reasonable to presume that
Clinton really is psychotic, Trump really is profoundly neurotic, and
that either would turn on the other under the right kind of pressure.
 This leads to all kinds of amusing speculation:  Is it even possible
that Trump could keep such a deal, vs. double crossing Clinton and
trying to win the election by any means necessary?  How much
temptation can a narcissistic personality resist?
"In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet
it was planned that way." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
To this day, State sanctioned history books do not mention Roosevelt's
well documented and brilliantly successful "plan" to provoke the
Japanese to declare war on the United States.  This was as much a
covert military operation as a series of foreign policy moves:  It
included close monitoring Japan's own plans and force deployments, and
timely changes in U.S. force deployments to facilitate the unopposed
Pearl Harbor attack while preserving U.S. aircraft carriers.
History is fossilized propaganda.

@_date: 2016-10-04 16:39:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: "Tor is dead technology" 
Hash: SHA1
"I was familiar with TOR and had it previously installed on a computer
to anonymously monitor the social media website of militia groups
operating within central Iraq." - Chelsea Manning, March 2013
So as of 2009 or so, U.S. Army intelligence was still using TOR for
its originally stated purpose.  I have not seen any indications that
they have something better today; against its intended targets, TOR
"just works."  TOR has a daily user base of 1-3/4 to 2 million, a fair
sized crowd to hide in.  The likely alternative would be to
impersonate a "normal" user via a fast VPN connection set up to spoof
one's location and identity - and I am sure the intel services are all
set up for that, where and as they have reasons to look perfectly
normal vs. standing out as TOR users.

@_date: 2016-10-10 21:45:50
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fw: 6 Major Media Conspiracies Happening Right in Front of Your Eyes. 
Hash: SHA1
If my assailant can reach my jaw, I can reach his eyes, trachea,
gonads, knees, shins and metatarsals.  Why should I let him hit me at
all, much less over and over, is a bit of a mystery...
In a real fight, the winners are those who walked away intact - and
ideally that includes the aggressor.  I have only been assaulted three
times; and three times, both myself and my assailant walked away
physically unharmed.  Just lucky I guess.
In a game there are agreed rules, and participation is voluntary.  In
an assault, there will be one or more assailants, and one or more
intended victims who did not agree to participate.  In a game, the
object is to win.  In a fight, the object is to stop the assault.
Game theory is a branch of mathematics that attempts to model natural
processes; it has numerous applications in combat, but combat is not a
game:  At any scale, combat is the process of an assault in progress.  "
I prefer terms like "systems dynamics" rather than "games" in this
context, because the word "games" has way too many loaded connotations.
In the political organizations I participate in, decisions are made by
consensus and specific tasks necessary to carry out those decisions
are delegated to volunteers.  A trusted facilitator has some influence
but no real power.
The 10/90 rule states that in voluntary organizations, 10% of the
participants do 90% of the work; it's a fairly accurate estimator.  If
enough of that 10% gets pissed off and walks out, the organization
falls over; that is the real power structure I have seen in the field,
and it is a reasonably healthy one.
If the neighborhood committee should happen to turn predatory, oh
well, at least the other locals will have a fresh historical example
of how to deal with the problem.
I can't remember an example of a flash mob that accomplished a
political political objective.  Flash mobs garnered some publicity
when the fad was still going on, but publicity is a tool, not an
objective.  All wishful thinking aside, knowing better does not make
things better - just "getting the word out" accomplishes nothing in
politics unless followed up immediately with organized action.  Maybe
that's why the "flash mob" thing came, saw, and left.
An organization is an instance of "organic" cooperation toward shared
goals, with coordinated division of functions among the participants.
 The definition as a system where dictates flow from leaders to
subordinates seems pathological to me.  Homey don't play that.
When an organization's power is established and maintained by violent
means that organization is already terminally corrupt.  It may grow
larger and more powerful, it may deploy more overt and larger scale
forms of violence, but it will not become more corrupt.
When an organization's power is established and maintained by mutual
aid in unified resistance to violence, that organization will be
inherently resistant to corruption, more so if it proves itself
competent by acquiring real power by using nonviolent force successfully
Humans are, collectively, a major pain in the ass.  If you insist that
any organization with humans in it must be foolproof, you must insist
that there BE no organizations - as apparently stated above.
But no organization means no power.  No power means no results, and no
push-back from violent institutions protecting their turf from
competitors.  And it seems to me that the potential push-back is what
keeps people glued to their sofas watching stage managed political
events on TV, rather than turning out to create political events of
their own in real life.

@_date: 2016-10-10 17:52:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fw: 6 Major Media Conspiracies Happening Right in Front of Your Eyes. 
Hash: SHA1
I'm not quite that stupid.
Only a sucker deliberately engages in "eyeball-to-eyeball combat on
equal terms" in real life.  There is no such thing as a fair fight,
because the only reason to fight is to shut a violent aggressor down.
 If it's a fight, fairness is already off the table.  Teaching people
to confuse fighting with a game or contest is a psychological weapon
used by ruthless, vicious "winners" to create weak minded, self
defeating losers and keep them in their place.  Bullies and losers
demand that people "fight fair."  I can't afford to care very much
about people who insist on proving themselves by "fighting fair."
In a real fight the only rule is to end it by the fastest, safest
means available.  Those who insist on proving themselves the better
man have a name, we call them cannon fodder.  Winners create and
exploit every possible advantage:  They lie, cheat, take every
advantage and the fewest risks possible while giving their adversaries
no chance at all.  Fighting is an ugly business, a grim necessity to
be avoided when possible.  There is nothing glamorous or heroic about
it and nothing to brag about afterward.
On the subject of "people working towards individual goals; each taking
a small chip out of the establishment," I understand that's a popular
idea.  I believe that "chip" is usually a paycheck.  But in politics
loners are by definition losers.  Popular fiction in the Rebel As You
Are Told genre would, of course, disagree with this assessment - did
someone mention media conspiracies earlier?
A plan to destroy the Leviathans of society the same way krill destroy
whales is no plan at all - because krill can't destroy whales, except
by dying off en masse and starving the whales.  Check your geophysics
- - that plan is already underway, literally /and/ figuratively,
courtesy of the Industrial Revolution.  The whole point of radical
politics is to change that plan as fast as possible.
Individual, uncoordinated acts of sabotage and non-cooperation can not
defeat a criminal gang that owns and controls a neighborhood.  It can
only weaken the gang, which results in a stronger, more predatory gang
moving in.  Kicking a gang to the curb takes an organized, united
front of uncompromising resistance:  In short, the regular folks in
that neighborhood need a gang of their own.
In today's domestic political warfare battle space, the effectiveness
of organizations opposing State and Corporate agendas are determined
by four factors:
Relevance - how much do how many people already WANT to obtain the
result the organization aims for?
Agility - how fast can you stand up an organization, and capitalize on
rapidly shifting opportunities?
Cohesion - resistance to division, sabotage and hijacking in the
organizational and network battle space.
Scalability - how fast can your organization propagate clones of
itself across existing communities?
When these four factors are present, Shit Happens.  They all require
voluntary cooperation, a.k.a. organization, and the relevant skill
sets and base of experience don't just happen by themselves.
Propagating the tools and experience necessary for political action is
a unifying theme and larger purpose of issue-oriented activism.  To
paraphrase George Carlin, "It's a big club and they want you in it."

@_date: 2016-10-12 03:37:06
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [Nuclear/CB War] Cuban Muscle Crisis 
"No blame my ass!"
- Hagbard Celine
(If I remember correctly...)

@_date: 2016-10-14 22:19:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Inspirational - Senator Culleton's Passionate Maiden Senate Speech gets Standing Ovation -  
Hash: SHA1
He lost me when he started rambling on with his homespun automotive
metaphors /way/ past the point where they became meaningless noise,
referencing nothing.
But I kept reading anyway, until he REALLY lost me:
The gentleman apparently can't distinguish between Agenda 21 - a model
charter for local sovereignty with regard to land use, resource
extraction and commercial development - from the TPP, a binding treaty
whose principal feature is the eradication of local sovereignty, as
falsely attributed to Agenda 21 above.
Disinformation shops that push the belief that global warming is a
hoax, also uniformly represent Agenda 21 as a conspiracy to establish
a One World Government.

@_date: 2016-10-16 19:51:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [WAR] [HISTORY] Afganistan, Russia, USSR, Lybia, WW2, pre-WW2 - "Why do they hate us so?" 
Hash: SHA1
It is funny, in a sad way, to see a nominally "anarchist oriented"
forum dominated by people bickering over the relative virtues of their
preferred nationalist heroes, a.k.a. mass murderers and their excuses
for same.  Funny, but inevitable.
The problem of controlled mass delusion has been recognized as a
problem for at least a couple of thousand years - see the early
Gnostic literature, modern Sufi praxis, and everything in between.
There has been no significant progress beyond that already
accomplished in ancient times.  Factual information and practical
object lessons have no impact, unless the percipient already has a
strong predisposition for self observation and meta-thinking, which
apparently requires some unusual combination of genetics and early
environmental drivers.
"Never try to teach a pig to sing.  It wastes your time and annoys the
pig." - W.C. Fields

@_date: 2016-10-22 23:14:07
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Astonishing Lie by Hillary regarding Trump "Choke" 
Hash: SHA1
I do remember the most likely basis for Trump's statement:  FOX or
some other overtly Fascist outlet broadcast a video of Palestinians
dancing and celebrating, "because 911 attack."  What really happened
was that a camera crew at some rally on an unrelated topic started
throwing candy to the kids and incited a "happy riot," and the
resulting video was picked up for propaganda purposes.
So Trump probably misremembered that as footage from New Jersey.  Not
that I think this matters in the least, or detracts from the fact that
Donny mouthed off that inflammatory bullshit for the same reason he
always does:  To provoke a hate/fear reaction in both his supporters
and detractors.  That's what he does:  Proves his importance by
pissing people off.

@_date: 2016-10-24 16:53:00
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Waffling On Full Disclosure: Lawrence Lessig, Steven Levy 
Hash: SHA1
1)  Shoot the messenger.
2)  Question the motives of the reporter.
3)  Misrepresent and mock the reports.
Do we need a whole 'nother list for media criticism a.k.a. propaganda

@_date: 2016-11-24 19:18:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Ark of Gabriel, Antarctica, [RUS], conspiracy 
Hash: SHA1
Maybe we can start with the "Ark Angel" part:  Did the original
authors of Biblical era texts understand the early modern English
meaning of the word "ark" and did they use that word to designate the
functional role of certain angels?
In early modern English, an "archagel" would be a senior angel in
command of an entire class of angels, including armies of angels
("angelic hosts") and vast angelic choirs whose primary mission was to
sing hymns of praise to the IHVH.
Calling Gabriel or any other angel an "Ark Angel" and spinning a
fanciful yarn based on that concept reflects naive assumptions borne
of childish ignorance, compounded by the authors' failure to take the
slightest interest in the sources of the mythology they are ripping
off.  So the "Ark Angel" narrative identifies itself on contact as
ignorant bullshit targeting and illiterate and/or mentally impaired
The truth, if you can handle it:  The Earth is hollow, inhabited by
abandoned robots left behind by its former owners, the "Abandondero"
or "Deros" for short.  The Deros were instrumental in the rise of the
Third Reich through their malevolent use of remote mind control
technology.  Nazi expeditions to Antarctica, prompted by the Deros
themselves, made contact with these malevolent creatures and an
alliance followed.  Since the war, a subsurface colony established by
the Nazis has been working with the Deros to build an industrial base
sufficient to conquer the surface.  Recent spikes in reported
"paranormal" and "unexplained" phenomena worldwide indicate deployment
and testing of advanced Dero technology at a scale never before seen,
indicating that this invasion is imminent.
So-called flying saucers were an early product of the Nazi/Dero
alliance, merging human and alien technologies.  According to numerous
declassified military UFO reports from around the world, the Deros'
expertise in manipulating projected energy gave them the ability to
selectively neutralize selected electronic systems in aircraft in
flight, and to shut down ICBM launch facilities on demand, by the
mid-1960s.  Today, their technology has advanced far beyond that early
stage, giving the Nazi/Dero alliance the power to take control of
"our" world more or less at will; the most significant unanswered
question is, what are they waiting for?
An executive summary of what is known about the Deros, and a survey of
the relevant literature, is available here:
X-Day is coming.  You will know the Omega Contingency Plan - Earth's
last hope - when you see it in action.  Will you take a stand, or
submit eagerly to Dero control?  Let whoever has an ear hear, whoever
has an eye see.  The rest of you, already begging for Dero control,
will dismiss the truth out of hand.  'Twas ever thus.

@_date: 2016-11-15 18:52:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re:_SLUTS!_-_NYT_now_promises_to_=e2=80=9creport_America_?= =?UTF-8?Q?and_the_world_honest 
Hash: SHA1
Individuals can be honest, in a context where a mutual trust
relationship based on common material interests enables them to be
honest.  The weaker this bond of trust motivated by practical self
interest is, the less honesty is rewarded, and the more it is actively
punished when the information presented is unfavorable to the
interests of individual respondents.  Of course, there will be
exceptions to any rule:  Some idealists habitually tell the truth as
they see it with little regard for the consequences; some neurotics
will only tell the truth when they can't think of a better lie.
Organizations and institutions can not be honest, at least not for
long, because the persons who receive the most material compensation
through their participation in the organization or institution have a
personal interest in maintaining their dominant positions, inevitably
at the expense of other participants in the enterprise.  Growing the
power and influence of particular departments and the organization as
a whole, at the expense of other departments and organizations,
increases the personal compensation of members of those departments
and organizations.  So, both internal and external conflicts of
interest erode or negate trust relationships and the value of honesty
within and between formally organized enterprises.
Honesty's cousin, factual accuracy, is degraded or eliminated within
hierarchal organizations.  Hagbard's Law states that "communication is
only possible between equals."  When information is reported up a
chain of command, it is altered at every step by the reporters'
efforts to curry favor and/or avoid punishment.  A recent de facto
revolt by 50 intelligence analysts at CENTCOM, complaining that their
work product was being altered in transit to comply with the political
agendas, indicates that this mechanism is at work even in
organizations whose sole function is "accurately reporting information."
Mechanisms for transparency, accountability to third parties, and
flattening chains of command can to some extent mitigate the inherent
problems degrading honesty and information in organizations, but the
same mechanisms these strategies seek to correct are also present in
the mitigation processes themselves:
* Transparency requires reporting, and reporting requirements always
prompt the reporters to twist or discard information as necessary to
advance their interests, curry favor and/or avoid punishment.
* Third party monitors have their own agendas and organizational
drivers; as a classic example, the Internal Affairs activities of
police departments normally work to shield corrupt officers and
activities from accountability, except when taking sides in factional
power struggles affecting the whole organization.
* Organizations with horizontal command structures develop informal
cliques working off the record when and as necessary to influence the
organization's decision making and operational processes for their own
advantage.  This is done "for the good of the organization" as defined
by its ability to reward them for their participation.
Pontius Pilate famously asked, "What is truth?"  That was not so much
a question as a ironic statement:  In the Imperial Governor's house,
truth is whatever he says, because he has said it.  This provides us
with a working definition of what it means to speak "with authority."
The New York Times and its organizational sponsors manufacture truth
by speaking with authority.  A long running propaganda meme calls the
NYT a "newspaper of record."  What they publish is true because they
have published it, on behalf of State and Corporate powers with the
authority to enforce their collective will by any means necessary to
assure their continued dominance.
When the Times formally commits to "report America to the world
honestly," that only reaffirms their mission of publishing effective
propaganda in the interest of the American ruling class and their
various State and Corporate administrative organizations.  Some
conflicts among the ruling class will be reflected in that reporting,
and some factual information will make it through the many layers of
filters.  "Flat fact" will occasionally be published as loss-leader
material to maintain an illusion of impartiality, and some accurate
information will be exposed because the same mechanisms that degrade
competency within any organization degrade the quality of the NYT's
propaganda efforts.
But as a source of politically relevant general information, the New
York Times can best be approached as a hostile witness, if not a
downright vicious one:  If you want to know what your rulers want you
to believe in and care about, subscribe the New York Times.

@_date: 2016-11-10 05:43:09
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks, 1984? 
Hash: SHA1
3rd party traffic analysis plus accurate timestamps might be used to
help identify original sources and/or review teams handling specific
data sets.  To prevent that, alter the timestamps.  To prevent
confusion, make all the timestamps the same, with an Orwell reference
for teh lulz.
Pure speculation on my part.

@_date: 2016-11-05 16:43:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: "positive thinking", a great tool for quelling dissent 
Hash: SHA1
Yes! magazine, the principal propaganda organ for Progressive Liberal
positive thinkers, seems to have just changed its editorial policy.
In a feature article widely distributed via social media, they have
published a detailed account of police violence at Standing Rock that
calls torture of prisoners torture, straight up, without euphemisms or
waffling.  This is a radical break from their customary "if you can't
say something nice don't say anything at all" policy, which is what
the Yes! brand has been about for many years.
Yes! will not meet standards for approval by our more wannabe-radical
participants here, because it is /most/ unlikely that they will ever
advocate killing people as the one and only practical way to affect
political change.  But they do reach an audience of opinion leaders
among the Middle Class Liberals, and those folks' favorite feelgood
story teller just took a shot at slapping them awake.  In and of
itself this means little, but as an indicator of shifting political
winds it is part of a trend that could become YUGE.
Our urban Middle Class has been treated to months of full saturation
propaganda campaigns presenting a vulgar buffoon of a
pretend-candidate for President as an existential threat to Everything
That Is Good And Holy In The Entire Universe.  The same campaigns
promote the absolute, unquestionable necessity of electing a ruthless,
vicious, high performing mass murderer who will save them from the Big
Bad Trump, depicting her as the shining champion and savior of
Everything That Is Good And Holy In The Entire Universe.  In recent
weeks I have seen people I would never have believed capable of
rational criticism of their Party's heroic leaders bailing out of that
mind set.
Is it possible that the cognitive dissonance barriers that keep
Identity Politics on the (so-called) Left working have started to
crack?  Could it be that the people at Yes! think so, and have decided
to roll with that and see where it leads?

@_date: 2016-11-16 17:14:46
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Ding Dong the Wicked Witch is DEAD!!! 
Hash: SHA1
When the DNC deliberately sabotaged the Sanders campaign, using every
means necessary to assure Clinton's nomination, the Democratic Party
lost the Presidential election.  It's as simple as that.
The Democratic party just proved itself worse than worthless and less
than useless, except of course in the eyes of Progressive Liberals who
expect to gain personal financial advantages from NeoLiberal national
policy.  Even with Sanders, they could have kept and expanded their
personal sense of categorical superiority to anyone who is so
ignorant, bigoted, etc. as to disagree with them.
Show a Progressive Liberal a button labeled "Kill a random foreign
family to help assure your own children's future financial security,"
and not one of them would push it. But label that button "Obama and
Clinton's Foreign Policy Agenda," and they will pound that button
until their fingers bleed - but not as much as the children of those
same foreign families bleed.  They are still bleeding right now.
Democratic Party loyalists who take great pride in being more
intelligent, responsible, and better informed than "all others" don't
get a pass on the basis of ignorance.  If there is /any/ basis for
their posture of inherent superiority, the only explanation for their
behavior is that they are ruthless, vicious persons who heartily
endorse mass murder for profit, while quite deliberately lying to
themselves and others about that - with the kindly assistance of
bullshit packaged and fed to them by propaganda contractors working
the Left Wing audience.
In a contest between a loose cannon with no track record in public
service, and a tried, proven, effective public servant with a track
record of mass murder /and/ significant evidence indicating that she
takes childish delight in murder, who does a "stupid" person vote for?
 Either, go toss a coin; stupid people vote for propaganda images.
Who does an intelligent, educated, upwardly mobile middle class
Liberal vote for?  The proven killer, every time.  And when they lose,
they come up snarling.

@_date: 2016-11-09 17:28:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Ding Dong the Wicked Witch is DEAD!!! 
Hash: SHA1
Meh.  I prefer Trump by a /small/ margin; better chaos and gridlock in
DC than a massive, well coordinated murder machine IMO.  I'm
sentimental:  I hate to see millions of people slaughtered so a
handful of billionaires can keep growing their wealth & power right up
to the collapse of our present civilization.  In the case of Trump vs.
Clinton, better to roll the dice than accept a status quo that assures
the highest obtainable body count.
But I don't see a Yuge victory for the humans here, only a new set of
problems that /may/ be more tractable than those presented by Clinton.
I was rather shocked by the election results, because I have kept an
eye on developments in election rigging over the years.  Given the
aggregate power of entrenched interests sponsoring Clinton and the
scale of the cash flows that Trump's election have placed in jeopardy,
I did not expect a Trump win to be permitted.  Maybe someday we will
find out what happened behind the scenes - and whether the FBI
director's strange behavior had anything to do with it.
Before election day chop wood, carry water, smash the State.
After election day chop wood, carry water, smash the State.

@_date: 2016-11-10 19:14:50
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: US: Post Election Protests 
Hash: SHA1
As with most elegant solutions to real world problems, the sticking
point with AP is implementation.  It requires anonymous payment
protocols that are themselves "bullet proof", and would have to
weather counter-attacks by a ruling class whose financial resources
and ability to affect major infrastructure changes are astronomically
higher than common sense would suggest.  Bounties for killing the
operators of an AP system, offered through more old fashioned means,
would be extraordinarily high - requiring bullet proof anonymity in
the presence of uber-motivated adversaries with global network
surveillance capabilities.  The betting pool itself would alert
potential targets to take proportional defensive measures, which "at
best" would inhibit the social progress promoted by the system.
But other than that...

@_date: 2016-11-10 17:19:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: US: Post Election Protests 
Hash: SHA1
Right you are:  Everyone from Mao Tse Tung to the authors of current
U.S. Army counter-insurgency manuals agrees, an armed uprising needs a
succeed.  That network has to be built, and it has to offer its
participants "real hope" of a better way of running things, before a
shooting war can succeed.
Gene Sharp's description of the American Revolution provides an
excellent example:  In brief, Sharp contends that the war was largely
a matter of the Crown attempting to take its colonies back over from
their residents, who had negated most Crown authority through large
scale non-cooperation and the development of parallel institutions
rendering the Crown's administration obsolete.
So-called revolutions that start with gunfire, end in Fascist police
states - because they are not revolutions so much as coups that kick
out the old bastards to make way for new, worse bastards.  When they
"succeed" that's normally due to backing by hostile foreign powers.

@_date: 2016-11-22 00:45:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What % of the so-called alt-right were just plain ol' libertarians before? 
Hash: SHA1
It sounds like you believe critics of today's economic power structure
are opposed to anyone getting rich.  This belief is systematically
indoctrinated in Libertarian propaganda, borrowed from anti-Communist
propaganda from days gone by.  The meme in question is keyed to create
maximum animosity because after all, every Libertarian who's worth a
shit aspires to become "wealthy."  By some piss-ant peasant standard
of wealth, of course.  If you want to turn a few million  a year
providing a product or service to appreciative customers I'm all for
it, make a sales call.  But don't confuse that with Big People money.
At risk of being repetitious:
Note the quantum discontinuity of the top half-percent or so, relative
to the human species as a whole.
Sorry, I wasn't talking about Government, I was talking about the
private sector, a.k.a. economic ruling class.  Deception and economic
coercion are their primary tools.  Courts and cops are necessary to
the survival of their enterprises, but may occasionally restrain some
of them from "irresponsible" abuses of power.
That's why total deregulation of everything and reduction of rule of
law to civil cases is a prime Libertarian platform plank:  The
government serves our rulers well, but under present conditions it
would serve them better if it was less protective of the health of the
workforce and more engaged in putting down civil uprisings caused by
those abuses of power.
The traditional Far Right shares the Libertarian deregulation agenda,
and is making slow but steady progress implementing it.  Libertarian
contributions to propaganda on this topic are more than welcome;
that's one of the reasons the Party exists.
Progress has been slow because a large faction within our ruling class
believes maintaining a stable, productive workforce, keeping up morale
in the managerial class, and preventing major civil uprisings is
better for business than a "reign of terror" approach.  Nonetheless,
the power players who like "stable" markets are aging out, a new
generation that thrives on chaos is rising, and the parable of the
boiling frog describes the present situation of "regular folks" who
just want to be left alone to tend their vinyards:  Jump out or die.
There's a significant trend among our Millinials toward jumping out,
and if they are not provided with a safety net by established economic
institutions they will do just that.  No such safety nets are visible
now, nor any signs that they are under construction.
When steam engine time comes, people railroad.  We are getting there
fast right now, with regard to wholesale rejection of ruling class
authority among the "best and brightest" of our young adults.  So you
old farts out there in radical-land better get busy, nobody was born
knowing how to Smash The State with love in their hearts, a tear in
their eyes, martyrs to mourn and a new world to build.
Nope.  Express and explicit.  Libertarian propagandists sell their
propositions with abstract arguments grounded in false assumptions
supported by cognitive biases.  This is consistent across their
messaging, and in the ideology of the True Believers.  It indicates
that the Party is dominated by propagandists with hidden or dual
agendas, not by idealists struggling to solve real problems in the
real world the old fashioned way, by working on them.
I won't bother to cut and paste my text that followed the sentence
quoted above, it was an explicit deconstruction of propaganda
presenting forced conclusions based on creating a manipulated context
for evaluating statistical data.
Abstract absolutes:  Libertarians excel at using them to sell their
agendas, because that's the language that attracted and recruited them
in the first place:  Simple, easy to understand, easy to remember and
repeat, the very STUFF of propaganda.  By contrast, real world cases
tends to make the propositions "proven" by ideological arguments fall
apart on inspection.
Did the indigenous people of the U.S. eastern seaboard own the land
they lived, worked and died on, or did the holders of Crown charters?
 Can a hunting party from the mainland "sell" Manhattan Island for
$24.00 worth of glass beads and junk jewelry - a fortune in trade
goods - to some stupid whitemen?  Conflating the common sense meaning
of property with the enforcement of legal abstractions regarding
corporate assets, is like asking someone who knows nothing about
electricity except Ohm's Law to analyze the power dynamics of a three
phase electric motor:  They just have to take your word for how it works
Consumer credit is paying more than it costs to buy things you don't
need because you can't afford them.  (I made that up years ago and
never tire of repeating it.)  But as a fact of life, once an unwary
person gets on that treadmill, it becomes a trap - especially if they
have children to raise.  They end up working at jobs they hate for
wages just sufficient to keep them "up even" with their "payments,"
and the penalty for withdrawal from that closed loop is often prohibitiv
Compared to the economic value delivered to their employers, and to
the cost of living.  Splitting the difference on the first item
usually covers the deficiencies on the second; that's what trade
unions were for - and they were instrumental in creating economic boom
times.  Happy, healthy workers add value like nobody else.  Desperate
workers turn sullen and under-produce as best they are able, even when
that is to their own long term disadvantage.
People with landlords don't buy property and pay for it over time,
they buy the right to sleep indoors one month at a time.  It's called
I don't "resent" anything.  Being told that I do is an instance of
Name Calling, which anyone can look up in any list of classic
propaganda techniques.  In front of an audience of True Believers or
easily influenced rubes, it always works.  That's why it a go-to
option; even in front of an audience that's up for grabs, it often
works:  Change the subject and denigrate the other party.  Everyone's
attention is pulled off the change of subject by the Name Calling.
Wait, what?  A valid system?  I was under the impression that
"taxation is theft," but maybe I am over-generalizing.

@_date: 2016-11-21 20:49:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What % of the so-called alt-right were just plain ol' libertarians before? 
Hash: SHA1
Under the jurisdiction of State institutions created for the benefit
of the very rich, anything they agree among themselves to permit is
"perfectly legal."  That includes running a rigged house game
supported by massive deception and economic coercion, and assuring
that theirs are the only games in town.
Libertarian ideology relies heavily on false context.  When people
hear "personal property" the think "physical objects under my control,
and the fruits of my personal labors."  This context is not comparable
to possession and trading of legal instruments defining ownership over
geographically dispersed industries, vast tracts of land, anticipated
profits from as yet unexploited resources, etc., in locations occupied
and facilities operated by what the commies call "wage slaves."
In the U.S., most people's personal property is actually a collection
of legal instruments specifying the rent they pay on a finance
company's car, a mortage company's house, etc.  Low wages plus
expensive Real Estate creates forced dependency on land lords for the
majority of Americans.
How?  By litigating against offenders whose ability to pay attorneys,
expert witnesses, etc. exceeds one's own by five or more orders of
magnitude?  By lobbying for changes in the law, in competition with
these same offenders, their massive financial resources, and their
long standing alliances with dominant political and Deep State factions?
Ah so:  Taxation is payment for services rendered when that supports a
Libertarian argument, otherwise not.  :D
I blame full saturation propaganda operations paid for by the ruling
class who also happen to own the "mainstream media," working hand in
hand with State propaganda assets and of course, the organized efforts
of our DemoPublican Party which itself represents the interests of our
ruling class.  Political controversies in the mainstream occasionally
reflecting differences of opinion among dominant factions with regard
to whose commercial interests should be favored at the expense of
other commercial interests; but maintaining the integrity of ruling
class control and expanding same is a goal shared by the DemoPublican
Party as a whole, as is locking out participation by competing Parties.
Libertarian ideology relies heavily on cognitive bias and false
assumptions.  The argument presented above is persuasive - as long as
a "normative" distribution of assets and incomes is assumed.  But in
reality, a fraction of 1% of the population dominates in both income
and assets.  The models presented above does not have sufficient
resolution to accurately describe the subject matter addressed.
Check this high resolution model out:
Note also that "income tax" applies to personal income, not capital
gains.  Personal income as understood by John and Jane Q. Public is
only a small fraction of what members of our ruling class "make" in
the course of a successful year.
Libertarians see absolutely nothing wrong with the very rich "gaming
the system" for personal advantage in every way that having a lot of
money to spend makes possible.  This leaves everyone else on the
losing end of every deal that was supposed to be "fair and honest"
under rule of law.  Perhaps this explains why the Libertarian Party
was co-opted by well funded right wing extremists around the turn of
the century and has been working under their direction ever since.
What may have been a disruptive influence on national politics is now
only a propaganda platform, pushing political discourse to the Right
as far as it is able.  If you are too smart for the RNC, the
Libertarians have a better idea - and the same domestic economic
agenda, both functional and fictional.
I guess your definition of Libertarian embraces both NeoLiberal and
NeoConservative agendas and policies.  That makes sense, as the
synthesis of NeoLiberal and NeoConservative policy is Fascism - the
foundation of Libertarian economic ideology.
Europe and Japan became industrial powerhouses in the 1950s due to the
aging industrial infrastructure destroyed in WWII being replaced with
the latest and best facilities and equipment, with assistance from the
Marshall Plan.  Military and economic alliances including NATO and the
Trilateral Commission participants were firmed up at that time, as
were strong trans-national alliances among the ruling classes of the
nations involved.
The collapse of the manufacturing sector in the United States was
engineered by that alliance, by removing "protectionist" regulatory
and tax policies to permit dumping on U.S. markets.  The principal
objective was to break U.S. labor unions.  Exploitation of the
resulting political power vacuum to facilitate a hard "Right turn" in
U.S. domestic policy was also a major goal.  This program was
successful, and income inequality began growing exponentially as the
U.S. ruling class began looting the assets of the U.S. middle class, a
process that is still ongoing today.
The new manufacturing bases in Europe /created/ new middle class
income brackets in those nations.  Looting of the asset base this
post-WWII middle class started a couple of decades ago.  I hear it's
going really well, and Fascism is now on the rise in Europe.
The world has changed, not for the worse but for the worst:  The
enlightened stewardship of our economic ruling class, unchecked by any
meaningful feedback from those ruled over, has driven exponential
growth of toxic and resource-depleting industrialism worldwide.  We
are now well past the point of no return and a global economic and
population crash can not be avoided.  Our rulers are well aware of
this, and their response to date has not included any but token
efforts at mitigation, far more than counterbalanced by a mad dash to
make more money faster and concentrate it into fewer hands before the
game ends.  The rulers of today's world fully intend to rule the
post-collapse world unchallenged, and for all time.
If this means making the population crash happen sooner, massively
increasing the early body count and destroying the means for recovery
in presently habitable regions, so be it:  From a Libertarian
ideological stance, one might say that the world is their property and
they have a natural right to do with it as they please.  If you don't
like it, sue them.  In their Courts, before Judges who appointed by
their club.

@_date: 2016-11-21 17:03:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What % of the so-called alt-right were just plain ol' libertarians before? 
Hash: SHA1
Taxes are payment for services rendered.  In the United States, 500
billionaires presently own about 1/2 of the capital assets; to retain
control of those assets they need a legal system that defines their
rights of ownership and enforces them, civil Courts to arbitrate their
internal disputes and legitimize abuses of power against outsiders,
civil infrastructure built and maintained at public expense to support
the productivity of their capital assets, and a propaganda regimen to
persuade the rest of us that this is all for the best.  The sovereign
State is /their/ collectivist system, taxing the poor to subsidize the
rich with all of the above services.  Taxes even support cash payments
and no-interest loans to the very rich, where and as bailing out one
corporation benefits enough of the others to create a consensus to do
that - at public expense.
I was wondering when someone would mention this.  Rich people pay a
very small fraction of the taxes they whine about and want to see
abolished; instead they pay accountants and attorneys to advise them
on how to avoid taxation.  Some few billionaires do pay enough taxes
that the numbers look impressive to illiterate peasants, for
propaganda purposes.  I recall there was a bit of a flap in the press
at the turn of the century when some ungrateful assholes publicized
the fact that Microsoft Inc. paid no corporate income tax; I believe
this was "fixed" by arranging for token payments thereafter.
Currency inflation is also a tax on the poor for the benefit of the
rich.  The lower classes store much of their wealth in the form of
dollars that diminish in value, while the ruling class stores its
wealth in instruments denoting ownership of physical assets whose
value is not affected by currency inflation.  Inflation also depresses
wages, as the same "dollar amount" progressively buys less and less.
The U.S. minimum wage from 1968, adjusted for inflation, would be
$24.00/hr today.
Political activists are presently running a "Fight For Fifteen"
campaign in the U.S., asking for a de facto 40% pay cut relative to
1968's more or less "living" minimum wage.  How fucked up is that?
Affluence requires collectivism, in the form of social and economic
class loyalty; join the united front in support of employment and wage
discrimination or you are out in the cold.  Getting a "really good
job" is a pay to play proposition.
It is possible for independent entrepreneurs to "work around" class
barriers; wildcat free enterprise works, for the tiny minority whose
bright ideas and hard work do pay off.  But when capitalist
enterprises notice something chewing on the edge of their markets they
crush it, as a matter of routine business practice.  Counter examples
can be found, but you will need a magnifying glass and tweezers.
Libertarian and other alt-Right propaganda teaches us that Capitalism
and Free Enterprise are the same thing, but in the real world they are
natural enemies and when they collide, Capitalism always wins.
Work will make you free?  Sure it will.  The spreading red stain on
the U.S. political map happens to exactly match maps showing the
geographic distribution of poverty, which brings with it both
ignorance and anger - a fertile field for Fascist indoctrination.  The
less intelligent in that audience self-select KKK flavored messaging,
the more intelligent gravitate toward Libertarian bullshit.  Both
flavors of alt-Right propaganda assert that their audiences are
inherently superior to other people, that that if certain scapegoats
were neutralized that audience would "regain all they have lost, and
more."  Just by coincidence, the ruling class - our billionaires - are
never named as scapegoats, but instead are portrayed as fellow victims
of an imaginary conspiracy of the weak and inferior.
Changing out "Ein Volk, Ein Reich, Ein Fuhrer" for Ein Volk, Ein
Reich, Ayn Rand does not convert Fascism to Freedom, unless the
freedom in question is that of the very rich to do whatever they want,
restrained only by other factions within their same class, at everyone
else's expense.  In that case, a little rebranding to make Fascism
more palatable to a U.S. market might be all it takes to get 360+
million peasants "off the backs" of those 500 billionaires who own 1/2
the capital assets in the U.S.
By definition, organization and united action is political power.  If
you want the U.S. ruling class and its government off YOUR back, the
fact that your fellow peasants outnumber your aristocratic overlords
by more than a half million to one is the key to success:  Your rulers
have effectively unlimited financial assets and control of the State
on their side, you have - or  might be able to get - the power of
massive numbers of boots on the ground on your side.  Collectivism is
the key to power:  The very rich do it, cooperating to assure that
nothing threatens their established collective power.  Our rulers'
propaganda contractors have been busy for generations teaching the
rest of us that Collectivism is the Ultimate Evil; they are paid to
pump out this message because collectivism is the only thing that can
challenge the power of a well entrenched ruling class.
The cure for Libertarianism is Populism.  If you don't know what that
is, there are a few clues here, but be forewarned:  It requires
getting up off your ass and actually doing things, not just bitching
about how stupid those other people are.

@_date: 2016-11-20 19:54:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What % of the so-called alt-right were just plain ol' libertarians before? 
Hash: SHA1
% of the so-called Libertarians were just plain ol' alt-right all
along?  Other than the nationalist and racist overtones in alt-right
propaganda, I don't see much if any difference.

@_date: 2016-11-24 02:33:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: CNN - asking the right questions 
Although his fellow "upper class twits" called Roosevelt a Class Traitor
and Bolshevik, and organized a coup against him (the "Business Plot").
But his policies actually were "good for Business" and his performance
in dragging the U.S. into WWII do qualify him for the "fascist"
designation.  That label fits every President before or since, to a
greater or lesser but usually greater extent, if I recall correctly.
But as an anarchist, I don't give half a shit what labels fit which
rulers; I do prefer economic policies that redistribute wealth -
therefore power - down the social hierarchy somewhat.  Others may view
the world in single digit binary terms, rejecting as worthless /any/ but
their own ideal solutions, perfectly and uniformly implemented.  That's
only a small part of the definition of Fascism, so I will refrain from
calling names on account of it.  Juan.

@_date: 2016-11-23 17:53:34
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: CNN - asking the right questions 
Hash: SHA1
Three missing elements in this (very useful) summary:
First, the rise of the Third Reich happened while Germany was in
economic ruins due to the Great Depression and Treaty of Versailles,
literally on the brink of mass starvation.  The people were desperate
and the NSDAP offered a simple explanation (Jews and Communists did
it) and a simple solution (get rid of the Jews and Communists).  Under
these conditions the Nazis were able to organize a national militia,
the SA (Sturmabteilung a.k.a. Brown Shirts) and employ terrorist
tactics to help the German people vote correctly.
Second, Germany had a very strong culture of obedience to authority, a
moral imperative synonymous with "honor."  This mind set was dominant
throughout the European sphere of influence in the 19th century, and
although it was in decline (i.e. the much lamented decadence of the
"yellow nineties" and outbreaks of anarchism in the early 20th
century) it remained firmly in place there:  The older Germans I met
as a child were very much "Old World" people, and even as a child I
could see that clearly.
Third, Herr Hitler & Co. kept their key campaign promises:  They did
in fact restore Germany's economy and turned the country (back) into
an industrial powerhouse.  This was accomplished by implementing many
reforms borrowed from Roosevelt's New Deal, and with the kindly
assistance of capital provided by U.S. industrialists who heartily
approved of the Nazis' political philosophy and economic policies.
The Nazis earned the gratitude - and compliance - of the German people.
Hitler was a passionate nationalist; Trump is a vulgar opportunist.
Once in power, Hitler united his nation and did, in fact, make it
great again - at least in terms of economic prosperity and industrial
production.  Trump has already mobilized the already divided American
people into warring factions:  Our natural born Fascists are out of
the closet, the political Left is snarling and screeching while its
leadership digs in for four years of mortal combat, and "moderates" of
all stripes - a sleeping demographic giant - are looking for something
they can actually DO about this train wreck for the first time in
generations.  The Internet has broken the monopoly of Big Capital over
the content mass communications, so the Nazi's famous full spectrum
domestic propaganda regimen can not be duplicated here and now.
Although I would much rather have seen Sanders in the White House,
attempting to implement an updated New Deal solution to the ongoing
collapse of the U.S. economy, a Democratic Party under the literal
control of Clinton and her network stopped Sanders by every means
necessary, and handed the White House to Donald Trump.  So now we get
to see a radical solution to the various crises presently facing the
United States and the world:  Four years of open warfare between the
American Right Fringe and Everyone Else.
Our economic power brokers are already lining up behind Trump, leaving
"boots on the ground" in the form of mass popular movements as his
opponents' only viable response.  We have been taught all our lives
that this means armed conflict, because that's an option our rulers
are very well prepared to control and use to their own advantage.  But
economic warfare through strikes, occupations and mass non-cooperation
are powerful weapons that hit a ruling class hard where it counts - in
their balance sheets and quarterly reports.  Mass movements using
nonviolent strategies and tactics can move political mountains - or
failing this, the struggle to move those mountains builds the
committed support networks that must exist for a last resort armed
insurgency to succeed.

@_date: 2016-11-30 12:12:11
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Are there crypto discussions on this forum 
Hash: SHA1
Postscript:  A constructive suggestion.
Set up a shiny new list accessible only through the i2p network.  Go
there and look around; Eternal September has not arrived, because the
setup and normal operation of an i2p router are barriers to the
technically illiterate.

@_date: 2016-11-30 07:28:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Are there crypto discussions on this forum 
Hash: SHA1
This thread illustrates my point.  CPunks has a whole ecosystem.
One might see some interesting political content, somewhat informed
commentary on how State policy interacts with network security IRL,
even (when the stars come 'round right and eldrich horrors stalk the
night) a proper argument or two.  But bring hiking boots, binoculars
and a compass.

@_date: 2016-11-29 22:53:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Are there crypto discussions on this forum 
Hash: SHA1
The only way this list can get "bona fide discussions of cryptography,
its role in the modern economy, finance and politics, etc." is if
people start posting relevant information, announcements, links to
resources, etc.
CPunks now provides a pass/fail course in how to communicate in an
environment flooded with spurious signals, spoofing and straight up
noise.  Subscribe and attempt to have useful conversations, if you are
up for an audit and upgrade of your capabilities in these areas.
Or just go to the Cryptography list, which covers the more technical
items among the topical interests you list above.

@_date: 2016-12-26 15:45:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Suggestion for reading (was Fwd: [liberationtech] Fake News) 
Hash: SHA1
Not me, and I think it's not likely that such a study will turn up any
time soon.  A study analyzing the impact of "fake news" would have to
present a defensible thesis based on begging the question, as "fake
news" is a buzzword promoted by a propaganda campaign.
As an example of actually fake news, I would cite the Big Lie that
Russia "interfered with" the election.  Numerous unsourced allegations
presented as straight news grew up around one press release from one
Department of Homeland Security dated October 7, 2016, asserting that
Russia interfered with the Presidential election.
Note that this was a press release, a.k.a. propaganda placement.  Its
content is attributed to the USIC (United States Intelligence
Community).  As there is no such agency or department, this
speculative assertion can not be attributed to any formal process or
responsible party, which confirms its status as fake news:
"The recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like
DCLeaks .com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are
consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed
efforts. These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with
the US election process."
No causal link is presented connecting Russian "methods and
motivations" with disclosures "intended to interfere with the US
election process."  The statement presents an example of transfer, a
widely recognized classic propaganda technique.
Subsequent stories asserting that the CIA has confirmed this
speculation follow this template:  A reporter says an anonymous source
claimed an unnamed senior intelligence official told them that
unspecified secret information confirms Russian involvement in
releasing incriminating DNC e-mails to Wikileaks.
The Obama Administration propaganda placement blaming the leak on
Russia was a component of a larger campaign to demonize Trump by
depicting his stated willingness to negotiate with Russia as proof of
collaboration with a foreign enemy.  Post-election, it became the
rarely-cited but always referenced cornerstone of a separate campaign
asserting that the election was stolen by Russia and Trump.
The content of the leaked documents this camapign references indicates
that Clinton's DNC conspired to steal the primary from Sanders.  News
stories about "Russia interfering" never deny that the leaked
documents are authentic, because drawing any attention to their
content would defeat the diversionary purpose of the entire Big Lie
campaign:  Blame Russia, not the DNC, for handing Trump the Presidency.
The original DHS propaganda placement is the best known and most often
repeated Big Lie of the election.  But, even after showing that it
presents an example of "fake news" - a very defensible proposition -
how can an academic develop persuasive evidence that this fake news
influenced the outcome of the Presidential election?

@_date: 2016-12-16 19:07:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: No one provides proof Assange is dead > 1 month now 
Hash: SHA1
The primary source for claims that Russia "interfered with" the U.S.
Presidential race is a pre-election press release from the Obama
Administration's Department of Homeland Security.  Note that this was
a press release, a.k.a. propaganda placement, not an intelligence work
product created under an audited process by an accountable activity.
This is the sum total of "evidence" presented, and it is self
evidently pure speculation:
"The recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like
DCLeaks .com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are
consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed
efforts. These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with
the US election process."
All present claims that the CIA has confirmed this speculation follow
this template:  A reporter said an anonymous source claimed an unnamed
senior intelligence official told them that unspecified secret
information confirms Russian involvement in releasing incriminating
DNC e-mails to Wikileaks.
Before the general election, the claim of Russian State interference
with the Presidential election was only one of many talking points
used by the DNC:  A component of the effort to demonize Trump by
turning his statements expressing a willingness to negotiate with
Russia into a confession that he was collaborating with a foreign enemy.
Since the election, the assertion that Russia "rigged" the election
has been turned into a full scale Big Lie propaganda campaign led by
media outlets affiliated with the Democratic National Committee.  No
effort or expense has been spared in saturating U.S. mass media with
claims that Russia rigged the Presidential election, backed by no
evidence of any kind.  In social media venues frequented by Democratic
Party loyalists, something approaching lynch mob hysteria has emerged,
including calls to negate the election results by any means necessary
in order to protect "Democratic process."
As partisan misdirection from the Obama Administration this circus act
is brilliant:  Earlier I caught myself ignoring the fact that nobody
denies the content of the leaked documents is factual, which means
(among other things) that Hillary stole the nomination.
Meanwhile, back in the real world, investigative reporter Greg Palast
has published real evidence of good old fashioned American election
rigging.  Spoiler:  Exit polls in States under Republican
Administrations show results opposite the official counts, and follow
up indicates this was in at least some cases the result of
demographically targeted ballot rejection.
Funny thing:  Nobody with the necessary budget and influence is making
a propaganda effort to promote this factual election rigging narrative.

@_date: 2016-12-14 18:49:07
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Tick Tick Tick - "Seven Days" (Soft Coup in Progress in US) 
From the "fun facts" file:
To date, no evidence in support of the assertion that Russia
"interfered" in the 2016 U.S. Presidential election has been
presented:  Only unsupported claims - and, to date, the CIA has had
nothing to say about it.
The only source for this widespread belief is an October, 2016 press
release from the Department of Homeland Security press office.  Note
that this was not an intelligence work product or a communication with
any U.S. or State agency or other responsible party.  It was a
partisan Obama Administration propaganda placement intended to
influence public opinion:  A component of the effort to demonize Trump
by turning his statements expressing a willingness to negotiate with
Russia into a confession that he was collaborating with a foreign enemy.
All the stories blaming Russia for the release of "hacked" e-mail
content purporting to show criminal activities by Hillary Clinton and
her DNC associates are based on this single statement from the DHS
press release, which is self evidently pure speculation:
"The recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like
DCLeaks.com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are
consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed
efforts. These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with
the US election process."
No claim of "secret evidence" in support of this speculation is made
in the press release, nor has any evidence supporting this speculation
appeared since that time.
Since the election, the assertion that Russia "rigged" the election
has been turned into a full scale Big Lie propaganda campaign by media
outlets affiliated with the Democratic National Committee.  Headline
stories across numerous media outlets agree, the CIA says Russia Did
It.  Every "new" story reports that an anonymous source says that an
unnamed senior intelligence official told them that secret information
proves Russian involvement.

@_date: 2016-12-09 18:08:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: the art of sane debate - how to trigger a Lefty par excellence - you can't cuck the Tuck, vol. 5 
Here's a fun game:  Name and count instances of the following classic
propaganda techniques:
Plain Folks, Pejorative Labeling, Name Calling, Buzzwords
Extra credit for identifying at least one instance Card Stacking vs.
False Attribution, and why you chose to categorize it (or them) as one
or the other.
Signal to noise ratio: 1

@_date: 2016-12-08 19:04:23
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: investigation tips? (request for tips for lay investigators, whether for Sandy Hook, Pizzagate,  
Hash: SHA1
If you want your findings to be dismissed and ignored by everyone
except True Believers who have no need or use for accurate
information, send them to infowars.com.  That's one of the reasons
that shop exists, and the principal reason it gets free promotional
placements in "mainstream media" on a regular basis.  With friends
like Alex, you don't need enemy propagandists to "stain" your work
product with the taint of ignorant irrational bullshit.
That's a good first step for beginners.  But by definition anyone who
has "hit the motherload" won't stop there; the skill set required to
dig up high value suppressed information does not appear from nowhere,
and applies directly to solving the riddle of how to get that
information distributed.
The longer the rumor that Mendax is dead remains a rumor, the less
likely that it is true.  What evidence backs it?  I think it is more
likely that he is promoting the rumor himself, than that it has any
Who do you trust?  Ideally, nobody.  Security axiom, applicable across
all disciplines:  "A trusted party is one who can break your security
model at will."
Depending the size of your package, it may be practical to e-mail it
to a few dozen likely addresses.  If you want to be "anonymous" about
it, use TAILS on a second hand laptop bought with cash at a flea
market to create a webmail account while connected to an open WiFi
network with no nearby camera coverage.  All done?  Destroy the laptop.
Or use postal mail to send CDRs or USB sticks.
Or whatever.  Anyone clever enough to "get the goods" is clever enough
to figure out a way to deliver them to an audience.

@_date: 2016-12-01 21:11:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Scientific basis: Ethnic diversity damages social cohesion 
Hash: SHA1
A hate based, fashion driven world view permits no challenges or
uncertainties, and provides no-effort snap answers to every question
no matter how complex.  Best of all, you get to grade your own papers,
100% correct every time with extra credit for elitist attitude.
Unfortunately that approach also gives your output a signal to noise
ratio of 1.  Lots of luck changing the world with that.

@_date: 2016-12-01 17:36:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Scientific basis: Ethnic diversity damages social cohesion 
Hash: SHA1
By their fruits shall ye know them:  Once it acquired control of the
Roman State and command of its military assets, the Church waged a war
of extermination against all competing Christian sects within striking
distance.  It was then and is now a fundamentally violent and corrupt
institution; as much a criminal enterprise as any other authoritarian
State, and more so in that its stock in trade is mind control through
deeply indoctrinated, 100% irrational guilt and fear.
I was confirmed in the Liberal Catholic Church.  Founded (and still
largely dominated) by Theosophists, LCC obtained its lineage from the
Old Dutch Catholic Church, which does not recognize the authority of
the Vatican.  The LCC practices open communion (no one turned away)
and is one of the "gay friendly" Christian denominations.
The LCC does not push a guilt-based agenda, and the text of its mass
expressly states that everyone is going to get "saved" eventually.
Bartleby did not have to wait for Catholicism Wow! to try to unmake
Creation; he could have attended any LCC mass and received absolution
along with everyone else in attendance at the opening of the service.

@_date: 2016-12-01 12:37:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Scientific basis: Ethnic diversity damages social cohesion 
Hash: SHA1
That's not a hypothetical:  It's a misperception engineered by
propaganda.  Multi-million dollar budgets are devoted to lining up as
much support as possible for the West's economically motivated
conquest of territory that happens to have Musilims walking around on
it, and exploiting racism and xenophobia is a tried and true winning
The illusion that Christians hate Muslims is an example of the
Bandwagon approach:  Lists of classic propaganda techniques always
include Bandwagon, and describe it as messaging that proves
"everybody's doing it," the it being whatever the promoter was hired
to sell.  Brining people on board is the primary objective, but
Bandwagon's includes a secondary impact when the same messaging that
seeks to unite and motivate one audience serves to turn other
audiences against them.  This greatly enhances the insular group
identities of all affected demographics, and in a political context
prepares them for mobilization against each other.
In our example, the racist Islamophobia attributed to "almost every
christian in the industrialized world" is an artifact of Bandwagon
propaganda targeting the  minority of self identifying Christians who
happen to express strong xenophobic and racist traits as native
personality features, independent of their religious beliefs.  This
minority is large enough to be dangerous if united and mobilized -
which is why extensive, expensive efforts are underway to capture and
mobilize them.
As a veteran and member in good standing of Full Gospel, Catholic,
Gnostic and Quaker faith communities, I can assure one and all that
very few of the racist xenophobes mentioned above are observant
Christians, even by the most superficial standards of performance.
The Christian mainstream recognizes and opposes the systematic
exploitation and abuse of their brand, but contrary to indoctrinated
popular belief, does not have the financial and media resources to
successfully challenge that agenda in the public arena.
I would describe the problem Christians (a.k.a. target demograhic) as
people with very legitimate grievances against the real world they
live in from day to day.  They have been systematically denied
educational resources, locked out of living wage employment, and
politically disenfranchised.  Because of these realities, they are
also strongly affected by what Alvin Toffler called "future shock,"
exceptionally vulnerable to the Good Old Days propaganda technique.
The same people who imposed poverty on their communities exploit the
resulting vulnerabilities by presenting outsiders as scapegoats, and
mobilizing them to demand that their captors be given the power and
authority to "put the world to rights," a.k.a. Make America Great
Again on their behalf.
What can we do about the resulting mess?  I'm an advocate for
outreach; get the "real Christians" up on their feet and down to the
street, not to stand against but with their wounded co-religionists.
The sidewalk talk, soap box speeches and formal sermons practically
write themselves and win at an easy walk.  Where and as the necessary
effort is made, all the uncommitted are belong to us.
What can non-Christians and the anti-religious do?  Before
enlightenment chop wood, carry water, smash the State.  After
enlightenment chop wood, carry water, smash the State.  But make sure
you know what's up and where it's at before you throw down and get it on

@_date: 2016-12-05 00:07:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: FBI to gain expanded hacking powers as Senate effort to block fails 
Hash: SHA1
On the brighter side, direct action politics is on the rise in the
U.S. at present.  The NeoLiberal Democratic party has split its base,
by deliberately disenfranchising Sanders supporters in its own ranks.
 Up for grabs and up for action, this faction appears to be
mobilizing:  According to Federal Election Commission filings, active
duty military personnel and DoD employees were the top block of
private contributors to the Sanders campaign.  Now 3,000 veterans have
shown up at Standing Rock and the Administration appears to have
backed down from removing them by force.
It is too early to imagine that this is a sign of major populist
uprisings to come, but we are heading into "interesting times" in 2017.

@_date: 2016-12-04 23:19:42
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: FBI to gain expanded hacking powers as Senate effort to block fails 
Hash: SHA1
I don't think the FBI will gain expanded powers of surveillance;
rather, they will gain the ability to use information they already
routinely gather by illegal means openly, in Court filings.  Where
previously they had to work around the law by using illegal methods to
locate information that is admissible in Court ("parallel
construction"), they will be able to take a much more direct approach.

@_date: 2016-12-05 04:43:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: reason vs. rationalization 
Hash: SHA1
odd.  I thought the task of "true philosophy" was to evaluate
the internal consistency of logical statements, in a context where
physical evidence or relevance to material situations is not
considered.  Or is that mathematics?  The barrier between the two gets
a bit fuzzy when Goedel's work gets dragged in, proving that proofs
prove nothing.
Rationalization normally means arguing backward toward a preconceived
conclusion, in a process where logical contradictions and discarding
or misrepresenting physical data are permissible - usually to justify
or prove arbitrary and/or emotionally motivated propositions.  That
seems very much like philosophy to me.
On the other hand, the task of science is to test well defined
assertions about physical processes by attempting to falsify them with
observational data or experimental results contradicting those
assertions.  Where does hitching "reason" to the material world get
you?  Bang, zoom, to the Moon, Alice!

@_date: 2016-12-07 15:35:54
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Breitbart n' shit 
Hash: SHA1
I'll just leve this here...
Infographic: Western Wildfires and Climate Change
"Temperatures are increasing much faster in the Western U.S. than for
the planet as a whole. Since 1970, average annual temperatures in the
Western U.S. have increased by 1.9 F, about twice the pace of the
global average warming."
- - Union of Concerned Scientists, 2013

@_date: 2016-12-12 04:31:44
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Aaron Swartz - the real reason he was murdered 
Hash: SHA1
Once upon a time, USENET was a Thing.  Moderation a.k.a. "censorship
all right thinking people endorse" was impossible for technical
reasons.  That did not matter much at first, but then came Eternal
September and the waves of clueless lusers, followed fast by spammers
looking to fleece the lusers.  At once, the Flame Warriors rose up and
successfully defended the more sophisticated newsgroups from drowning
in a rising tide of trash.
Then the "real Internet" overshadowed USENET, and even the Ents who
were old when the networks were young went West.  USENET's
infrastructure was colonized, unopposed, by commercial data piracy
If CPunks can not survive a minor influx of weak minded wannabes
brought here by a "hactivist" fashion trend without resort to
censorship, it does not deserve to live.  Where are our Flame
Warriors?  Has the sword that was broken been forgotten and lost, or
can it be made whole again?
Pending the verdict of history, I would encourage users who know what
they don't want to see here to publish lists of addresses recommended
for filtering.  Explaining the criteria that qualify subscribers for
the killfiles provided, along with pleas that a Moderator apply these
criteria to silence all unworthy voices, may provide some amusement.
In this day and age, "wasted bandwidth" in a list that does not
forward binary attachments is Not A Thing.  Those who can't stand the
clutter can killfile non-contributing posters at will.  Those who
can't figure out how to do that or think "it's too haaaard" don't
matter because they don't qualify as "technically competent" and don't
belong here anyway, amirite?

@_date: 2016-12-13 17:39:48
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [NATURAL_DEFENCE] SECRET U.S.A. TORTURE NETWORK 
Hash: SHA1
This is regrettable:
recently read the full text of this Act, which is very brief.  It
creates a new de facto ministry of propaganda in the State Department,
tasked to wage political warfare against foreign audiences through
propaganda placements and campaigns.  The act creates no authorities
for domestic censorship.  I would call assertions to the contrary
"disinformation" as the text of the bill is brief and unambiguous -
although its mandates certainly will result in distribution of
disinformation to U.S. audiences through private sector propaganda
organs, censorship is no part of the mission described.  Claims that
S.2692, the "Countering Information Warfare Act of 2016" creates
authorities for domestic censorship are very damaging to the
credibility of anyone making such claims.
Also regrettable:  ITHACA does not seem to have a web presence of any
kind, which leaves reporting on their activities in the hands of
"fringe" press outlets who will, as noted above, poison the narrative
by presenting it in a context of prejudicial commentary and
I have seen extensive documentation and anecdotal evidence that
strongly validates the gross systemic abuses the quoted ITHACA press
release describes.  I consider /all/ Court ordered custodial
relationships components of the Prison Industrial Complex.  U.S.
Courts turn a blind eye to endemic criminal abuse of the human "cash
cow commodities" created by Court order, to protect their own
reputations.  This behavior makes the Court an accessory to these
acts, and establishes a feedback loop of perverse incentives that
makes legal remedies effectively impossible.  Instances of kickbacks
and corruption only exacerbate this already intolerable systemic disorde

@_date: 2016-12-15 06:53:06
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: New low for the intercept. 
Hash: SHA1
- -h
Quit fucking posting fucking shortlinks, zero reason for them.
Usual reason:  Line breaks make broken links, and I like ones that
"just work," so I normally include both.
This time:  I copied it from the image rather than loading it in a
browser to recover the full length version, 'cause I'm a lazy bum.

@_date: 2016-12-15 04:57:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: New low for the intercept. 
Hash: SHA1
$250 million buys a lot of Glenn Greenwald.
See also:

@_date: 2016-12-18 08:18:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Power of Privacy 
Hash: SHA1
I found a couple of things to quibble with (left as an exercise), and
I can't say I learned anything new.  But on the whole, a good show.
This presentation is way more scary, concentrating on the collection
capabilities of top tier surveillance actors.  Although "emerging"
technologies are presented as if they were universally implemented
already, I did learn some new things:
Optimum solutions to "the end of privacy" necessarily include
embracing the recording and archiving of our lives as the normal
condition of our world.  Love it or leave it.  The "millennial
generation" gets that:
The new transparency only creates an abusive situation where and as
access to everyone's data is restricted to a small number of already
too powerful persons and agencies, who themselves are not subject to
comprehensive surveillance on demand by members of the general public.
The well controlled USIC deception operation that exploited Edward
Snowden achieved three objectives:  It put the public on notice that
they are being watched; put Congress on notice that the Security
Services break any law they want with no consequences; and the PRISM
release was timed to wipe the Manning trial all the way out of the
news.  A small corner of this operation peeks out here:
The Grugq presents operational security tips for "hacktivists," much
of which is also very applicable to less illegal forms of dissident
political activity - especially with regard to advance planning and
coordination of activities that are likely to draw hostile attention
from police agencies and/or private sector security contractors a.k.a.

@_date: 2016-12-24 20:56:44
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange still alive and kickin'... 
Hash: SHA1
Addendum:  Here's an interview with provenance, and a fuckton more
The dirty rotten filthy bastards collapsed his state vector!

@_date: 2016-12-24 20:30:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange still alive and kickin'... 
Hash: SHA1
IMO there are way too many questionable assertions built into the
article, and it has some of the earmarks of a heavily re-edited and/or
manipulative text.  Example:
"Assange described his feelings about the US election results in an
An interview with whom, where, and when?  The Byline is Ben Jacobs "in
Washington," and since he does not say who interviewed Assange, I will
presume it was not him - so the quotes from Assange have no provenance.
One prefers journalists who hide in a spotlight that makes reprisals
too costsly for hostile political operatives, to those who hide in
dark shadows - an environment already well frequented by
propagandists, spooks and other, even less trustworthy actors.
I also see the article uncritically parroting very dubious propaganda
talking points about the published DNC e-mail: "The releases were
highly damaging to Clinton, and US intelligence officials now believe
they were hacked by Russia and passed to WikiLeaks to boost Trumps
bid for the White House."  Said what accountable person, when, where
and to whom?
The sole source for the Russia Did It canard is an October press
release from DHS that says the release is "consistent with the methods
and motivations of Russian-directed efforts."  This is attributed to
the USIC, an acronym for United States Intelligence Community.  No
such agency exists, so it is not possible for it to have an official
spokesperson, except maybe the President - their ultimate boss, at
least on paper.
That said, the Assange quotes in the article sound exactly like Mendax
to me.  Is he alive or is he dead?  Maybe the "embassy cat" some
sources mention was a gift from Erwin Schrodinger.  As a long time
fan, I think Assange's present position is a Super position.
Srsly:  The best thing that ever happened to Julian Assange, in terms
of his productive public service output, was forcing him to sit on
stay in one place and stay busy enough to keep from going (even more)
Powder don't go BOOM until is confined, but never mind that metaphor:
 Assange has already built a terrajoule railgun in his spare time, and
orbital mind control lasers won't be far behind.

@_date: 2017-01-11 16:59:19
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Govt Dismissing Darknet Cases due to State Secrets, Illegal Actions, Etc 
Hash: SHA1
I think the Big Secrets they are trying to protect here include:
* The technique the FBI used to ID their child porn customers only
works if the customer is running the TOR Browser on a Microsoft OS
with NoScript in its default "off" position.  The more widely this is
publicized, the more useless the FBI's anti-TOR kit becomes.
* The FBI distributed real child porn for weeks, in an operation not
seeking to prosecute the people who produce it, and not doing anything
to help the victims.  How much of the great unwashed public would
approve of that?  Better toss out a red herring or two, make another
issue the big talking point.
* And yeah, "nobody" wants the general public to understand that the
TOR Browser Bundle is not ten feet tall and bullet proof, so the means
of exploiting it to find a user's IP address has to appear to be a
secret Superpower, not a script kiddie stunt.

@_date: 2017-01-08 02:12:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Do you have predictions about 2017? 
Hash: SHA1
The official excuse for WTC 7's symmetrical collapse is that the side
of the building /not/ shown clearly in photos was "scooped out" by
falling debris.  (The photos I have seen do indicate substantial
damage to the facade from falling debris.)  This is not consistent
with a symmetrical collapse as observed - the support columns
destroyed by the "scoop" provided no vertical support, so the load was
distributed unevenly and the building would have sagged in that
direction when it lost global structural integrity.  But never mind
that, the words "pancake collapse" and some animated cartoons prove it
fell straight down into its own basement all by itself.

@_date: 2017-01-07 06:22:00
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Do you have predictions about 2017? 
Hash: SHA1
I Predict:
* More conflict between U.S. State power and "civil society" groups.
Now that the DNC can safely "point fingers" at joint DemoPublican
policies that are offensive to Liberals, a big well funded push for
"protest rally" level actions will happen.  Radical factions will use
these events as recruiting venues and may often succeed in co-opting
the message.
* A paradigm shift from Protest to Direct Action in populist politics.
Example:  Last year's rapid assembly of a larger than battalion
strength force of veterans in defense of the Standing Rock action:
The Home Team wants that to be a watershed event setting a big
precedent, the Other Guys want it to be a one-off fluke which will not
be seen again.  I think the resulting war for hearts, minds, wallets
and feet will present something Our Side can work with.
* New alliances between formerly Left and Right activists.
As shit continues to get more real on a week to week basis, a lot of
people who "thought they were" Liberal or Conservative because they
identified with emotional appeals wired into one or the other flavor
of propaganda will start to actually think about politics for the
first time.  Not many will go rogue, but those who do will be
disproportionately influential.
* NeoLiberal billionaires will wage covert wars on U.S. soil.
This is pure crystal ball stuff, don't ask me to explain why:  When I
load my current "war map" of the world in my imagination and run it, I
see private armies at work all over the U.S.  Their principal targets
will be economic and political.  Deniability will be their watchword,
exposure their Achilles' heel.
* No net gain or loss on the network privacy/security front.
Real progress on technical fronts will be counter balanced by growing
popular demand for fully automatic security, hidden behind a seamless
User Experience design paradigm.  Don't bother telling folks that
total ignorance and reliable security are mutually exclusive; they
want an instant E-Z one step solution, and Millennials seem to think
this is a human right.

@_date: 2017-01-03 07:42:12
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Do you have predictions about 2017? 
Hash: SHA1
You said a mouthful right there.  A battle was won, but in the
material scope of the war at hand, it was a small battle.  But
Standing Rock was a transformational battle in that, although the
tribal government remains careful to call it a "peaceful protest,"
everyone who was paying any real attention knows it morphed into an
act of economic warfare, backed by battalion strength mobile infantry.
By modern uber-mechanized warfare standards, that was four battalions
just then.  And they or their replacements will most likely be wanted
at the front again - and at others as a Summer Of Discontent sets new
record high NH temperatures and record low Arctic sea ice extents.
We might that 2016 served to mobilize and integrate a network that
will remain responsive, and continue to grow.

@_date: 2017-01-20 22:55:41
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: WTC [WAS] Do you have predictions about 2017? 
Hash: SHA1
It seems to me that AP has not been implemented due to one deficit:
We have no means of implementing AP with adequate safeguards to
protect the operators and participants from the combined resources of
military and law enforcement agencies from numerous jurisdictions
AP may be "perfectly legal" for every participant except the prize
winners, but in the view of a targeted ruling class and its servants,
it is perfectly legal to kill the operators on discovery as long as
they do not get caught doing so.  If they do get caught, they can
simply change the laws.  Their propaganda capabilities would assure
broad public approval of any such changes.
AP is a novel means of waging class warfare, but if and when it gets
implemented the "enemies of the people" will not surrender or sit
quietly waiting to die, constrained by rule of law from striking back
with every means available to them.  As these means include already
established surveillance and manipulation capabilities spanning the
networks AP communications must hide in to be successful, early
implementations of AP would trigger an arms race.  Maybe the AP side
can win, but the lessons learned along the way to that victory would
be paid for in the blood of failed operators.  So far no one has shown
up with the necessary technical capabilities and confidence to take
the risk and pay the price.
A fully distributed network protocol for AP, with no single or
higher-value points of failure, clever enough to offer a credible (if
false) promise of security to early adopters, might someday get off
the ground.  But given that the global industrial economy will most
likely collapse first and take most of today's ruling class down with
it, I think it makes more sense to wait for the laws of physics to do
the job.
The more hard-headed anarchistic technologists we have when that
happens, the sooner a world (more) worth living in can replace the one
we have.  Since trying to make AP work in today's real would motivate
today's ruling class to thin that particular herd, I would not
encourage them to implement AP... just yet.

@_date: 2017-01-08 19:59:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: WTC [WAS] Do you have predictions about 2017? 
Hash: SHA1
In their position paper Rebuilding America's Defenses, the PNAC folks
said that their plan for global domination could not be effectively
implemented absent a "galvanizing event" like a new Pearl Harbor.
Soon after its publication, the PNAC team took over the White House at
the cost of a stolen election and all the fuss and bother that goes
with. (Gore won Florida by at least 30k votes, per a press funded
recount that took months to complete; nobody saw any advantage in
publishing them under banner headlines, so very few people saw the story
- From the "man in the street" who told a TV news crew not only what he
just saw (excuse me, "witnessed") but also why the instant global
mechanical failure of the towers happened, to the swift and complete
destruction of the crime scene at the cost of many workers' lives,
everything about the 911 narrative points to deception and
concealment.  Not to mention happy coincidences:  Secretary Rumsfeld
announced that trillions of dollars were unaccounted for by the
Pentagon, then a missile (excuse me, airliner) scored a direct hit on
the office of the auditors chasing the missing funds.
That "man in the street" who launched the first 911 Big Lie?  He
happens to have also been on the scene at an "active shooter" event at
an airport just a couple of years ago, where he was "man on the scene"
interviewed by a TV news crew:  Another of those remarkable
coincidences that - absent prompt, competent and well funded
investigation - mean nothing and sink below the noise floor of history
at once.
People who are deeply invested in the well known false narrative, or
in their favorite flavors of independent analysis, are welcome to jump
in and prove me right or wrong all day long.  I know better than to
believe that definitive answers will be found, except where and as
they are custom built to meet the builder's requirements.  My own
estimate of what happened leaves LOTS of room for uncertainties, and
the only map of the world affected is my very own.
How long did it take for the story of how FDR's Administration
provoked the Japanese to declare war, and set Pearl Harbor up for a
big fall, to become common knowledge?  Trick question:  That still
hasn't happened, and it won't.  Folks in a position to prevent it from
happening want to be able to use the same tricks again.

@_date: 2017-01-11 16:45:57
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [OT] Anti Racist Jokes 
Hash: SHA1
What a nasty little fantasy world.  I guess living in it makes a
certain kind of sense, if the color of your skin is literally the only
basis you have for any kind of personal pride or self esteem.  Point
to someone who looks different and say "At least I ain't no God damned
[nigger, raghead, or etc]."  Ta-daa, instant winner.  Be sure to pick
up your Very Special blue-ribbon award for just showing up.
The rest of us could easily afford to ignore racists, if not for the
fact that racists are cowards, and cowards strike from behind.  They
like to run in packs, and yearn for a Voice Of Authority to tell them
they are better than other people and promise them big rewards for
unthinking obedience.  So the rest of us have to monitor racists like
any other toxic weeds, and occasionally cut them down to size.
Enjoy displaying your categorical inferiority to the world.  Maybe you
were born with it, but it took a lifetime to sharpen it to a point and
learn how to write with it.  Better keep it behind the keyboard,
though, because you were born 50 years too late.  Getting laughed at
will be the least of your worries if you carry it outside and try to
act it out in the real world.

@_date: 2017-01-17 15:36:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Torproject disease infects WhatsApp - User experience trumps(sic) security 
Hash: SHA1
the attack to work well, it would require control of a WhatsApp
server, which is something most people would consider extraordinarily
difficult to do."
"WhatsApp does not give governments a "backdoor" into its systems and
would fight any government request to create a backdoor."
without ever informing the sender of the change....
without ever informing the sender of the change....
without ever informing the sender of the change....
... because that might confuse someone, might frighten someone, might
make someone to think about what they are doing, might shatter the
illusion that WhatsApp loves and cares for them and keeps them
perfectly safe forever and ever.  Asking the Consumer of an Experience
to think or act like a User wielding a Tool is the ultimate affront to
all that is good and holy in this, the best of all possible worlds.
Perfect helplessness, total dependency, and absolute safety are human
rights.  Accepting these rights into your life as free gifts is enough
to secure them for yourself and your posterity.  Kind, loving,
all-powerful corporations only want to make it just so, and all they
ask is a few screen taps or mouse clicks:  Just Say Yes.  Won't you
accept them into your heart and life?  It would be so cruel and unfair
to deny them the only thing they ask for in this world, a chance to
take care of you.

@_date: 2017-01-16 05:31:59
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Torproject disease infects WhatsApp - User experience trumps(sic) security 
Hash: SHA1
A work in progress:
A Millenials' Digital Bill Of Rights
We hold these truths to be self evident, that all First World Middle
Class tweens, teens and 20-somethings are created superior, and are
endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable digital rights
To have their personal needs anticipated and met without effort on
their part.
To do exactly as they please at all times with no chance of
destructive consequences.
To maintain high bandwidth 24/7 ominplexed network participation with
full privacy and security.
To by protected from abuse of State and Corporate power by State and
Corporate actors.
Our up and coming Consumers did not choose these self- and mutually
contradictory demands themselves; they have been indoctrinated by a
seamless lifelong sales campaign, a uniform front of instant
gratification product offerings and attractively packaged Experiences.
 No "conspiracy" was required to implement this program; it arose
naturally from commercial competition.  But this spontaneously
self-organized Standard has been recognized, formalized, and is now
consciously pursued by every significant vendor in the consumer
electronics, software and network services sphere.  The market has
spoken and the UX future is now.
A monitored life for every consumer, in the cybernetic sense of the
word monitored, has now become a conscious and calculated goal:  An
egocasting bubble for every consumer, unbreakable walls of contempt
and alienation between every pseudo-tribe, a navigation funnel for
every human need, and a grand illusion of personal autonomy for every
captive consumer.  All consumers shall be sold both aspirations and
the fulfillment of those aspirations in an eternally self adjusting
feedback cycle of surveillance and adaptive stimulation.
Users?  Please.  General purpose programmable computers in private
hands create problems, not Solutions.  Laughable wannabe-elitist
Lusers are already being phased out of society, and good riddance.  We
will of course need a /few/ thoroughly vetted and deeply dependent
grunt workers to design and program devices to meet sales and
marketing objectives.  There will also be deviant technophiliac rats
in the walls of the global village, but exterminators make money you kno

@_date: 2017-01-18 06:16:38
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Schneier on Russian Hacking - deconstructed 
To date I have seen many assertions, but nothing resembling evidence, in
support of the allegation that Russia "hacked" the DNC and released
damaging (but never disclaimed) DNC documents in an effort to influence
the Presidential election.
I believe the Bruce must have meant to say something to the effect that
"The constellation of evidence attributing the attacks against the DNC,
if any, has not been disclosed to the public."
Or was he asserting that he has been read into the programs that
developed this evidence, and shown relevant documentation?
Excuse me?  Obama decided to make the accusation public in a press
release, a.k.a. propaganda placement dated October 7, 2016. Its content
was attributed to the "USIC" by the Department of Homeland Security.
This press release was distributed with clear intent to influence the
election.  Read it here:
The key allegation:
"The recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like DCLeaks
.com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are consistent
with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts. These
thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the US election
In keeping with propaganda best practices, this statement does not
actually accuse Russia of anything - not if you read it closely and
interpret it according to strict rules of grammar.  The source of the
statement is not identified:  There is no such agency as the United
States Intelligence Community (USIC per the press release), so it can
not be attributed to any responsible authority or formal reporting
process.  This is the safest way to tell a Big Lie.  The preceding
sentence is not a statement by me that it WAS a Big Lie - so if I get
dragged into Court for saying so, my hands are clean.
The inflammatory pre-election press release from the Obama
Administration's Department of Homeland Security was followed up by
numerous placements in the U.S. press, a constellation of assertions
consistent this template:
A reporter says an anonymous source claimed an unnamed senior
intelligence official told them that unspecified secret information
confirms Russian involvement in releasing incriminating DNC e-mails to
The timing, context and follow-on promotion of the DHS press release
blaming the leak on Russia indicate it was a component of a larger
campaign by the DNC on behalf of the Clinton campaign, intended to
demonize Trump by depicting his stated willingness to negotiate with
Russia as proof of collaboration with a foreign enemy.
Post-election, the DHS press release became the rarely-cited but always
referenced cornerstone of a separate campaign asserting that the
election was stolen by Russia and Trump.  This was the keynote of an
apparent attempt to persuade the Electors to install Hillary Clinton as
To the best of my knowledge - and I have been following this story
closely - no evidence of "Russian Hacking" has been presented to date.
We have been treated to a few code names of "hacking groups" allegedly
involved, and a couple of textbook diagrams of how hostile parties
penetrate network servers.  That is all.
If no evidence can be released due to legitimate concerns for protecting
sources and methods, and no substantial national security mission is
advanced by partisan accusations, it would be nice if the "USIC" would
stop exposing their super-secret capabilities to the world by asserting
what they knew and when they knew it.
Would these retaliations include, perhaps, the murder of the Russian
ambassador to Turkey, the downing of a Russian plane carrying an
irreplaceable cultural and diplomatic delegation to Syria, the rapid
deployment of a battalion strength U.S. armor force to the Russian
Federation border, and a missile attack on a Syrian airport by friendly
Israelis?  And if so, should we presume that all-around security expert
Bruce Schneier approve of these actions?
I could interpret the Obama Administration's 11th hour provocations
against Russia as an effort to create a massive foreign relations crisis
for the incoming Trump Administration, intended to overwhelm its
underqualified foreign policy contingent and deliver early control of
Trump Administration foreign policy to the U.S. intelligence
establishment and other Deep State actors.  Whether this might have been
a "wise" course to take, is a matter of opinion.  As would be the
legality of such a maneuver.
It may also be possible that the Obama Admninistration's pre-election
propaganda placement blaming the DNC leak on the Russian Federation
simply started a domino effect that ran out of control and nearly caused
World War III.
CNN?  I will not here repeat the propaganda slogan presently saturating
U.S. media, two words that malign the veracity of certain press outlets.
 But the shoe fits and Mr. Schneier will have a hard time taking it back
off.  That makes me sad.

@_date: 2017-01-18 21:17:09
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Malicious, targeted, OS updates. How likely do you think it is? 
Hash: SHA1
Security regression paradox:  What's to prevent whoever might have
replaced the binary in the repo - or replaced it in transit to you -
from also rigging the source?  So you have to audit the source.  And
the compiler that makes the source useable might have already been
compromised, so audit its source and then... oops, compile the audited
compiler using a potentially compromised compiler on a potentially
compromised OS.
This problem is no reason to just give up, but it does transform the
security picture from a purely imaginary secure vs. insecure binary
state, to an ecosystem of context-dependent compromise solutions.
The costs of an "acceptable" security result depend on this question:
 What it is worth to an adversary to break your security model, vs.
how much is preventing compromise of that asset worth to you?  If an
adversary spends less to successfully attack an asset than they gain
by doing so, the adversary wins.  If you spend more to successfully
defend an asset than that asset is worth to you, you lose.
This context provides a rational basis for allocating resources to
security, but alas, it rules out absolute values or one size fits all
solutions:  Who are your potential adversaries, what motivates them,
what resources are available to them?  Who benefits from your security
strategy, and what are they willing / able to pay - in additional
work, constraints on their behavior, and cash money - to secure the
assets in question?  A security model that does not take these factors
into accounts is a snake oil security model, regardless of the quality
of the tools used.

@_date: 2017-01-27 17:06:11
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Public Dissentiment 
Hash: SHA1
I do see a major problem with public perception of science, driven by
social trends in academia and the self-promotion interests of media
personalities presented to the public as the "voice of Science."  I
call it the Scientician faith:  Just change out a Bishop's crook and
mitre for a PhD and lab coat and viola, a High Priest.
In academia, a naive but paradoxically condescending brand of atheism
is the de facto State Religion.  At best, certain religions where
"liberal" political views hold sway may be tolerated as beneficial
exercises in applied social psychology (i.e. Unitarian, Quaker).  The
rest are lumped together as infantile, socially destructive delusions,
and disposed of with a handy set of strawman attacks against their
participants:  Sneering atheists always know /much/ more about the
motives and behavior of "religious" people than those people know
themselves, and never hesitate to fill them in.  In many instances it
is painfully obvious that atheism is a neurotic expression of a
repressed fear that God - the nasty one from fundamentalist fairy
tales - might exist.
The modern and correct replacement for naive religious belief is
Scientism, a faith whose adherents believe that science provides final
answers to all meaningful questions about life, the Universe "and
everything."  These believers would not know a falsifiable hypothesis
if it bit them in the ass, and can not distinguish a consensus model
from Holy Writ.  In their minds and lives, science is the final Voice
of Authority, completely and exactly filling the role the Church held
in the Dark and Middle Ages as final arbiter of Truth.  As a general
rule, only working scientists know that this is ridiculous - and I do
not include the "social sciences" in this grouping.
The Scientician faith has spread beyond academia, establishing itself
as a popular cult through media personalities presented as High
Priests of Scientism.  In the process, personalities who serve as the
public Voices of Science have become useful tools for propagandists
tasked to promote "scientific" industrial products and public policy.
 Astrophysicists are especially well suited to this role, as their job
is to explain "everything."  Carl Sagan, a brilliant entertainer but
3rd rate scientist whose only notable contribution to the literature
(signing off on a geophysical model of nuclear winter) lasted for just
a few months before being discarded by community consensus, set the
pattern.  Neil Tyson now fills his shoes, reaching an audience of tens
of millions with The Truth about various controversial issues in
geophysics, the life sciences and public health policy on behalf of
corporate sponsors.  In the public mind, an astrophysicist is an
expert on everything that exists.
This brings us to a real problem of much more than "academic" concern:
 The role of corporate sponsorship as a regulating factor in research,
publication and the evolution of consensus models in the sciences.
The propaganda activities of petrochemicals lobbies, for instance,
offer literal bounties for anyone with a PhD in any field related to
geophysics who will go on record with the opinion that global warming
is not real, and/or that human activity has nothing to do with it.
These same information warriors fund a cottage industry that creates
spurious "proofs" that the Earth is actually cooling, for use in media
campaigns.  This has so far been a losing battle, in that an
overwhelming consensus supports global warming - but creating "doubt
and dissent" is sufficient to defend de facto genocidal public policy.
On the immunology, toxicology and epidemiology fronts, however, we
have a very different outcome:  Any findings harmful to the commercial
interests of the multi-billion dollar PharmaChem research and
development industry are in the "publish and perish" category for
workers in these fields.  As an example, any layman who examines
public health statistics looking for the miracle working impact of
"life saving vaccines" over the last century will notice that there
was no such impact; but people who are paid to do so must pretend
otherwise.  A two year study falsifying the results of the most
frequently cited papers indicating that flu vaccines has a significant
impact on mortality was greeted by the Journal of the American Medical
Association with, To accept these results would be to say that the
Earth is flat!  True story...
When genetic engineering first became possible in the early 1970s,
geneticists and microbiologists did not debate the safety of the
technology, so much as which containment technologies should be
mandated by law, to positively prevent the escape of its products from
the laboratory setting.  But when the first commercial products of
genetic engineering were developed, no less a can-do guy than Donald
Rumsfeld successfully lobbied the Bush I Administration to have
transgenics based factory farming declared to be in the National
Interest of the United States.  Today, studies indicating that key
components of this technology are endocrine disruptors, carcinogens,
and have acutely detrimental ecological side-effects are pointedly
ignored by academia.
Astrophysicists can assure us that transgenics based factory farming
is a "life saving" technology, but geneticists who talk about the
potential hazards of commercialized genetic engineering are not
welcome on the talk show circuit.
"Faith in science" is at best a grossly unreliable compass for those
who do not understand the methods and history of science, and the
impact of un- and anti-scientific influences on the practice of
science in the real world.  Those who do understand science know
better than to have "faith" in its methods and products, but do have
well justified confidence that the oldest and best established
consensus models in physics will "very very likely" continue to hold
up over time, in the physical contexts where they were originally
developed and tested.

@_date: 2017-01-31 15:36:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: The Emperor's new conspiracy network graph 
============================== START ==============================
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
This is a bare bones factual analysis of the structural changes in
Federal power /already/ made by the Trump Administration.  Now I can
cross collecting the same information off my own to-do list:
Calling this a "coup" may seem unwarranted, but in the context of
creating then occupying a power vacuum, the analogy does make some
sense.  I was always annoyed that Assange did not "finish" his iconic
little essay on State And Terrorist Conspiracies:

@_date: 2017-02-26 20:32:46
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The "60 Year War" 
Hash: SHA1
My memory banks return surprisingly few.
Trans X told us to stop, but they were too late...
Dr. Steel recognized the potential for world domination and got busy.
When video killed the radio star, other technical advancements filled
the void:

@_date: 2017-02-25 16:24:57
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Google are f'ing hypocrites 
Hash: SHA1
With sponsors like Alex, an under-reported story - delusional OR evidenc
based - doesn't need enemies.  I call this "staining" - making a story
sound literally insane to assure that only the most credulous True
Believers will take it seriously.
(Amazing how much difference a missing OR makes.)

@_date: 2017-02-25 22:06:40
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: SHA1 collision found 
Hash: SHA1
Or in other words, just 110 GPUs can find the same collision in a
year; 40,000 can do it in a day.  When one's threat model includes
State and Corporate actors, that's not so good.
In the context of security as a spending contest, weighing the cost of
defending an asset vs. the cost of compromising the asset, SHA1 is not
broken except in a few cases involving very value assets and very
motivated attackers.  But the security of SHA1 will continue to
decline over time as number crunching gets cheaper, and a tipping
point is coming.
I figure bits are cheap and so is the "authorized users" end of crypto
maths; bigger hashes (and keys) are harmless at worst and /may/ defeat
attacks one does not suspect an adversary has.  So rolling in SHA-2
could be a "now" thing.  Figuring out when to deprecate then EOL SHA-1
is the remaining open question.

@_date: 2017-02-02 18:16:48
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How to act in self defense - concealed carry saves the day 
Hash: SHA1
Come on, "the map is not the territory" and the meanings of abstract
terminology are always context dependent.
Insistence on definitions developed as components of "a viable
political marketing strategy" means deliberate submission to terms
dictated by propagandists.  Sure, responsible people are obligated to
do so:  If we fail to kneel in submission before our rightful owners
and the overseers they appoint for us, chaos would result and all the
rewards and concessions granted to us for obedience would be lost.
This, of course, presumes those people are "responsible to" their de
facto owners, and do materially benefit from being good obedient propert
But my principal responsibility is to myself, and by extension the
natural world that makes "me" possible.  My map of the world's
physical and functional dimensions indictes that cultivating obedience
to authority, physical or symbolic, does not contribute to responsible
stewardship of either myself or the world I live in.  So, homey don't
play that.
Your mileage may vary, especially after my kind of people are done
pouring carbide grit in your gearbox.

@_date: 2017-02-02 17:10:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How to act in self defense - concealed carry saves the day 
Hash: SHA1
My preferred definition of fascism describes it as rule by a wealthy
oligarchy composed of industrialists and financiers, a.k.a.
capitalists, under a veneer of pretended "democracy."
On the domestic front, fascist States consolidate and expand the power
of a ruling elite through a propaganda regimen presenting an
existential conflict between the country's racial and ethnic "rightful
owners" and selected racial, ethnic and foreign scapegoats.
On the international front, fascist States wage aggressive wars to
further the commercial interests of their ruling elites, under the
pretext of national self defense against notional existential threats
to the State's racial and ethnic "rightful owners."
Today, I view U.S. Progressive Liberal and Conservative Right
constituencies as products of marketing campaigns respectively
promoting covert and overt, or soft and hard, fascist values and
agendas to the public.  I view the political conflict between the
nominal Left and Right at the national policy level as a friendly
competition between financiers (Left) and industrialists (Right) for
dominance in setting national policy for their own benefit.

@_date: 2017-02-02 01:06:24
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How to act in self defense - concealed carry saves the day 
Hash: SHA1
Lao Tzu say: "I dare not advance an inch but retreat a foot instead."
But Lao Tzu also say:
"A man most conversant in the rites acts, but when no one responds
rolls up his sleeves and resorts to persuasion by force."
Long story short, there are no universal solutions.  It is better to
win without contending, but it is better to contend than to lose -
when something of real value is at stake and nothing else serves.  To
fight from vanity or to obtain precedence over others, or simply
because one is afraid, betrays too-close kinship with the simpler
animals - but without their innocence.
"When victorious in war, one should observe the rites of mourning."

@_date: 2017-02-01 22:02:42
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How to act in self defense - concealed carry saves the day 
Hash: SHA1
LOL.  I put this text up on The Facebook in response to the "Safety
First" advisory graphic.  Response was uniformly positive, but y'all
know how echo chambers work...
Bruce Lee say: "Before king fu training, a punch is just a punch.
During kung fu training, a punch is a complex process to study, refine
and develop. After kung fu training, a punch is, again, just a punch."
For best effect, practice punching a padded surface. Train with both
hands, left - right - left - right etc. A vertical fist has slightly
more reach and power than a horizontal one. Do not "twist" the fist,
no matter what somebody told you. Speed = power, to hit harder
concentrate on speed. Fist should move in a straight line. Pulling it
BACK even faster than it went forward adds shock, enables you to block
an incoming response better, and enables you to take fast second shot
if indicated.
Nazi punching is a felony, but not if he visibly and unmistakably
tried to hit you first. Aggravated battery (i.e. hitting first in
response to insults) carries a higher penalty for some reason I never
This information is offered as-is with no guarantee or claim of
fitness for use of any purpose. User assumes risk of injury.
A Jeet Kune Do speed training technique: Turn a TV to some show like a
cartoon that has frequent scene changes. Stand in front of it, feet
planted a little wide, knees slightly bent. Make a hand-washing
gesture in front of your chest with your hands. Keep your arms as
loose and relaxed as you can. Unfocus your eyes, see the whole area in
front of you not just the TV. Every time the scene changes, snap
whichever hand is in front of the other toward the screen as fast as
you can, and retract it just as fast or faster. Resume the
hand-washing movement. Continue for five to ten minutes per session,
In a couple of weeks you will be able to punch VERY fast. The nerves
that control voluntary muscle are of two types: One governs steady
contraction, the other twitch contraction. This exercise trains
several systems and reflexes at once, and causes the "twitch" function
nerves to actually grow stronger and more active.

@_date: 2017-02-02 21:19:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Literature 
Hash: SHA1
Psychopathic cultures and toxic empires
First, a "must read" about reading about society and politics.
Intelligence analysts work to penetrate nested sets of deceptive and
manipulative information to arrive at "estimates" of the underlying
realities, so-called, that these source materials represent.  You will
not find The Truth because there isn't one.  But a well supported,
confident estimate provides the means to make effective decisions.
There are no unbiased sources /or/ analysts, but we do have ways of
improving the work product:
According to recent statistics from the OPM and Census Bureau, the
Executive and Legislative branches of the U.S. Federal government
employ about 10.5 million people, excluding the military services
(which are part of the Executive branch).  This massive workforce, and
the array of contractors they spend trillions of dollars to support,
plus private sector advisors and lobbyists, has its own hard wired
agendas and institutional inertia.  It is called the Deep State.
The comparatively tiny handful of elected officials who are somewhat
accountable to the public, are boxed in by and highly accountable to
the Deep State.  I do not believe it is possible to understand, much
less act on political information without understanding the context in
which real policy decisions are made and implemented.  Neither do the
public and private sector propagandists whose stock in trade is to
keep the public busy and distracted while "their democratic
government" goes about its business, so this subject is rarely
mentioned outside academic circles.
Why The Deep State Always Wins: The Zero-Sum Game of Perpetual War
Bill Blunden, August 29, 2014
The Power Elite, C. Wright Mills
Oxford University Press, 1956
Excerpt:  National Security and Double Government, Michael J. Glennon,
Harvard National Security Journal, 2014
Full text: Anatomy of the Deep State
by Mike Lofgren, February 21, 2014
Information is not "intelligence" unless one can act on it, and that
in turn requires a strategic framework for deploying tools available
to the consumers of intelligence.  People interested in "doing"
politics may find some "must read" items in this collection of texts
about populist political strategies and tactics.  Neither the soap
box, ballot box or ammo box provides tools for making substantive
changes in State policies and agendas - although each has its role to
play.  Real political change follows organized public resistance that
makes it more costly to continue "business as usual" by force, than to
make concessions to public demands.
These texts provide models and technical information relevant to
making abuse of State power by Corporate interests cost prohibitive:

@_date: 2017-02-03 15:54:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Dead links to blog.torproject.org and the Streisand effect 
Hash: SHA1
This returns Page Not Found for me.
Well isn't that nice?  Dropping content relevant to the TOR Project's
hostile and abusive workplace environment is one thing.  It indicates
grossly incompetent management, defending itself by bold malfeasance.
 The project's commitments to supporting "human rights" and
"transparency" stand exposed as empty posturing.  If the TOR Project
was going to correct deficiencies in its corporate culture, they would
have at least made a start by now, but nope, that's off the table.
heard tell that the Archive is getting a mirror site in Canada.
That's a Good Thing.
So I just updated the article in question.  The bits relevant to the
security and otherwise of the TOR network now say:
TOR SECURITY ISSUE - Posted September 6, 2013: The TOR Network is
apparently under attack from a large scale actor who presently owns
3/4 of the client nodes in the TOR network. Until proven otherwise -
or the attack stops - it must be assumed that a major State actor
(most likely the U.S., Israel, China or Russia) may be able to
identify nearly all TOR users and match their IP addresses to their
exit node traffic. The TOR Project believes that this attack is the
work of an ordinary Windows botnet, and they may be right. See
[hyperlink] How to handle millions of new Tor clients [/link] on the
TOR Blog.
[ begin new content ]
TOR SECURITY ISSUE II: On 2/3/2017 I learned that the article
describing the above security issue has been removed from the TOR
Project's website. A copy of the missing page is avaialble at
archive.org, follow [ hyperlink ]this link [/link ]. The TOR Project
maintains that "transparency" is one of its greatest strengths, so the
disappearance of important technical information with a direct bearing
on the security or otherwise of the TOR network is cause for grave
Is the missing page a result of a random error by a person working in
a toxic, abusive corporate environment? Very possibly. Public
statements from the TOR Project, and dissenting statements from
individuls inside the TOR Project, paint a picture of gross
malfeasance in personnel management and vicious personal vendettas run
rampant: See The Crucifixion of IOError for an introduction to the can
of worms that ate the TOR Project. But disappearance of vital
historical information relevant to the security and otherwise of the
Onion Routing network could also be something worse: An attempt to
remove data necessary to accurately estimate the Onion Routing
network's baseline security. Any way I look at it, I come to the same
conclusion: It's time to downgrade estimates of the security provided
by TOR - again.
[ end new content ]
Even if one makes the most pessimistic assumptions, TOR remains
useful. It will continue to punch through school, corporate and even
national network firewalls. TOR negates surveillance by network
service providers and makes users effectively invisible to
surveillance and profiling by corporate actors. TOR will continue to
reliably protect wireless connections at public venues from
eavesdropping or manipulation by J. Random Hacker. But TOR users who
have reason to believe that the NSA or another State actor would ever
actually do anything with information collected about their
TOR-cloaked activities, such as share it with a law enforcement agency
or hostile government, or deny/revoke a security clearance, should
adjust their security model accordingly.

@_date: 2017-02-04 19:18:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Alt-right hipster Gavin McInnes and his Nazi fanboys the "Proud Boys" Shut Down @ NYU 
Hash: SHA1
The "cool" kids ain't buying it.
An IWW revival is underway, and presently helping to coordinate
strikes and non-cooperation by incarcerated workers, a.k.a. slave labor:
A new outfit calling itself Redneck Revolt is growing fast.  Among
other things they organize events at rifle ranges.  What do they mean
by redneck?
"In 1921, the term became synonymous with armed insurrection against
the state, as members of the United Mine Workers of America tied red
bandanas around their necks during the Battle of Blair Mountain, a two
week long armed multi-racial labor uprising in the coalfields of West
Over the last decade or so I have seen a trend in attendance at openly
promoted Klan and Nazi rallies in the U.S.  Counter demonstrators have
started to routinely outnumber the intended turnout, by larger margins
as time goes by.  The counter demos are increasingly confrontational,
successfully disrupting and, more recently, dispersing the Fascists.
The best part:  I see this happening in "red State" country.
Hicks ain't stupid, and Internet access means they can't be kept
ignorant.  If y'all thought the printing press was a big deal in terms
of impact on political affairs, you ain't seen nothing yet.  Some
people just seem to be born wanting to do radical politics, and we are
In the Deep South and Midwest where the Klan is still deeply
entrenched in law enforcement agencies and local government, they take
care to keep the Invisible Empire /really/ invisible, so digging them
out of positions of institutional power will take some doing -
especially where and as they enjoy the support of Federal law
enforcement and political warfare assets.  But given time and work, it
can be done.

@_date: 2017-02-06 02:21:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: InvestigatingTrump.com 
Hash: SHA1
Daniel Daniel Hopsicker made a start on that.  I took notice of his
work when he published findings resulting from tracing ownership and
flight plans of planes used in drug smuggling.
- -rich-in-palm-beach/
... and ...
Still, it's probably best to just keep walking and swear ya didn't see

@_date: 2017-02-09 16:40:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Hypernormalisation 
Hash: SHA1
Postscript:  Hypernormalization has a LOT of filler, in the form of
redundant content and long stretches of stock footage that "fit in"
but do not contribute to the narrative.  This is not at all typical of
Curtis' work - as far as I know it's unique to this presentation.  To
me this suggests that a LOT of content may have landed on the cutting
room floor after review by the BBC.

@_date: 2017-02-09 16:33:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Hypernormalisation 
Hash: SHA1
I recently watched Adam Curtis' latest documentary,
Hypernormalisation.  Being a long time fan of Curtis' work, I found
Hypernormalisation a little disconcerting.  Mainstream historians
often do very well at exposing the "important but neglected" details
of once-controversial political events.  But when their accounts
directly involve living persons in positions of power their standards
of evidence may take a holiday.  As an example, Overthrow:  America's
Century Of Regine Change by Stephen Kinzer stands out as a remarkably
complete and insightful work until it arrives at the first Bush
Administration.  From there, the author begins repeating the U.S.
propaganda line contradicting well documented, readily available
factual evidence.  It now appears that Adam Curtis has also found a
need to exercise discretion in truth-telling.
I may change my mind tomorrow.  Maybe there's something ironic or
Mobius-self-referential behind the narrative of Hypernormalisation
that I just don't get.  But right now I question the wisdom of Curtis
even starting this project, which accepts current propaganda
narratives, rejected by a consensus of independent journalists, as
plain facts.  This is largely accomplished by dancing around the
ground truth of key turning point events central to the narrative's
accounts of the present wars in Libya and Syria.
In a film whose message might be summed up as "civilization has gone
insane and no one knows what is real any more," gross misattribution
of the origins of the wars against Libya and Syria casts a long
shadow:  Had more factual views of the role of US/NATO powers in these
events been acknowledged, however briefly, that shadow would not be
quite so dark:  But as the presentation stands, it proves its own
point by hiding information essential to understanding reality,
depriving the audience of insights with regard to fact vs. fiction on
the world stage - a definition of insanity.
I don't expect Mr. Curtis to be a superhero or a martyr.  But I have
come to expect better work than Hypernormalisation from him.  Parts of
the show were really quite excellent.  But the more he built on the
central themes of the presentation, the more disjointed and dissonant
the narrative looked to me, until Curtis appeared to prove his own
point about the world going insane as the narrative itself went off
the rails and broke contact with reality.  I do not expect a Call To
Action at the end of a Curtis story, but an implicit statement that
our only option is to "just give up," reinforced by an object lesson
in same, is a call to action of its own sort.
I appreciate and recommend the whole Curtis canon of documentaries,
and my expectations for the future are not diminished:  I can easily
believe that in this case, the material Curtis was working with bit
back and he did the best he could to salvage a no-win situation.  So I
do suggest that readers who are not familiar with Adam Curtis check
out The Power Of Nightmares and/or The Century Of The Self before
viewing Hypernormalisation.

@_date: 2017-02-16 02:19:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Net Result of Snowden 
Hash: SHA1
Also, don't forget that a cell phone that appears to be "off" is not
reliably so if the battery is connected - and it may be recording
everything it hears for transmission the next time if finds a network

@_date: 2017-02-14 15:16:04
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Net Result of Snowden 
Hash: SHA1
Greewald's timing was exact and deliberate:  He reportedly fought with
his editors to get the publication date of the PRISM slides pushed up
to the opening day of Manning's court martial.  This knocked Manning
all the way out of the news.
Snowden's service record as reported never made sense to me, either.
Pencil neck geeks rarely volunteer for Special Forces, are never taken
when they do, and none of that happens during basic training.
I didn't catch that one.  Hmm...
The whole business about how Journalists have some elevated, priestly
status, running through Snowden's narrative non-stop, always sticks
out as bizarre.  Journalists are a priestly caste, so let's hand a
zillion or so classified documents to an attorney who rose to
celebrity status as a political commentator?  Yeah right...
Not mentioned in the film, Mr. Greenwald's $250 million payout when he
sold rights to the documents he reportedly promised Snowden would all
be released to the public within ten days of breaking the first story.
To date, every result of the Snowden Saga has been beneficial to the
Security State.  The State has won every legal challenge resulting
from those releases, establishing its "right" to collect everything on
everyone, restrained only by its own technical capabilities.  As a
bonus, it has been established that the DCI can lie to Congress and
break into Congress members' computers with NO consequences of ANY
kind.  The great unwashed publick, already timid enough, is now on
notice that Big Brother is in fact watching them.
The Snowden Saga looked hinky to me from the beginning.  My own guess
is that he was/is an unwitting agent, a malleable malcontent spotted
early by an Insider Threat program and picked from a field of
candidates to front for a limited hangout aimed at achieving all the
goals outlined above.
Part of "fighting the Internet" and dealing with damaging leaks is to
get out in front with your own narrative and dominate the market for
leaks and leakers.  If Ed Snowden did not exist, it would have been
necessary to create him.

@_date: 2017-02-14 22:37:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: modest proposal 
Hash: SHA1
I am shocked - SHOCKED, I TELL YA! - that the list is as relevant,
on-topic, troll-free etc. as it is.  Right now I see a minor youth fad
for "privacy concerns" tied into "anti-government" sentiments out
there in the wild.  I would expect any social climbers in the relevant
echo chambers to do their homework so they can impress their opposite
gender of choice by talking a better game at the keyboard, and
encounter the CPunk Legend there.  If so, scores to hundreds of the
should find the list incidentally in the process of searching the web
for related info and subscribe ten minutes later.
But as far as I can tell that ain't happened.  Much.
Ain't broke.  Don't fix it.

@_date: 2017-02-19 16:18:48
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Building a new Tor that can resist next-generation state surveillance 
Hash: SHA1
I think that depends on the performance of the anonymous networking
tool in question.  Generally speaking, higher speed and capacity
equates to lower security.  High bandwidth, low latency connected
protocols present the worst case scenario; low bandwidth, high latency
unconnected protocols present the best case scenario.
As an example, providing "normal" http performance on an anonymous
overlay network (the TOR scenario) presents a huge attack surface.  An
adversary who can observe the majority of the physical network
infrastructure all at once can use traffic analysis to trace
connections from end to end; a lesser adversary could stand up enough
routing nodes to be the majority owner of the overlay network and both
passively observe and actively manipulate traffic to achieve the same
goals as a global observer at a tiny fraction of the cost. (VPN
connections from a cloud server farm to numerous remote hosts solves
the problem of running centrally controlling nodes that /appear/ to be
independently operated.)
At the opposite end of the scale, imagine a network of NNTP servers
that carry only PKI encrypted posts, distributing everything posted to
all users.  The users' local installations would try their owner's
keys against /all/ the messages, writing those that decrypt to an
inbox folder.  Here, traffic analysis and/or majority ownership of
nodes would be more or less useless; one good attack would be to
overwhelm the network with flood of bogus message traffic.
Countermeasures to this attack could include a web of trust
arrangement, and configuring the nodes to only store and forward
messages signed by "trusted" users; at least this would force an
adversary to do some work to flood the network with garbage.
I believe it is reasonable to expect better anonymity to /always/
involve performance hits in latency, bandwidth, and local resource
usage, relative to "normal" routing protocols.
In practical terms, today's anonymizing technology /probably/ imposes
sufficient delays on the identification of users and who is talking to
whom that physical anonymity - i.e. making only brief connections to
open wireless routers at locations where one is not seen coming and
going - should provide "really good" anonymity.  Of course one must
prevent the hardware from leaking identifiers via RF or TCP/IP vectors.
Conversely, repeatedly using anonymizing network protocols from one
location provides cover against low powered adversaries, while top
tier adversaries who by definition will know "who you are and who you
communicate with" may be restrained from hostile action by their
reluctance to disclose the existence of "sensitive sources and
methods."  That is, until or unless they find your activities /really/
annoying, and spend a little money / take a little risk setting you up
for a series of unfortunate events that won't be attributed to them.

@_date: 2017-02-22 23:04:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Is email really that hard? 
Hash: SHA1
One might /hope/ that subscribers are not using mail readers that
render HTML "mail" via a web browser with a HUGE attack surface.
That's not necessarily just an MS Outlook thing:  Once Upon A Time,
Eudora loaded up Internet Explorer to display HTML messages in what
appeared to be Eudora's own interface; I learned this when doing data
recovery and forensics on an OS trashed by malware that arrived via
that vector.

@_date: 2017-02-22 15:03:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Is email really that hard? 
Hash: SHA1
LOL - don't let the door hit yez in the ass.
So let's see - Signing posts was not mentioned as a Good or Bad thing,
but given what list this is, signing /has/ to be at least tolerated.
That means hard wrapped text with broken hyperlinks, if they are at
all long:  Copy and paste twice to use the broken link, plus working
around quote marks if the URL is in a reply.  Where a looooong URL and
a shortened version of same are both present, why/how is a shortlink a
Bad Thing?
Of course, if /only/ a shortlink is given, that presents issues with
3rd party tracking and potential abuses, i.e. spam, blinded direction
to sites hosting exploits, etc.
Here's a comprehensive list posting how-to, which includes /some/
guidance that's not usually considered relevant per CPunks community

@_date: 2017-02-28 19:31:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: "Documenting Hate" Project 
Hash: SHA1
A crime is a physical act that violates the property or person of
another by force or fraud.  "Hate crime" is an abstract social
construct, where the /motives/ for crimes are framed as legally
actionable violence in and of themselves.  Criminalization of motives,
enhanced sentencing guidelines based on the "hate crime" concept, etc.
does constitute criminalization of opinion and prosecution of
thoughtcrime. Criminalization of /speech/ our knee-jerk Liberals find
intolerable has not yet been attained - but not for lack of effort by
advocacy organizations funded by them for that purpose.
As comments from racist trash in this thread indicate, the "hate
crime" concept fuels the racist trash narrative by giving them a
hell about.  At least in the United States, Liberals care far more
about proving their own moral superiority than in getting the results
they /claim/ to be working for, so they are more than happy to keep
pouring fuel on this fire.

@_date: 2017-02-25 16:22:19
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Google are f'ing hypocrites 
Hash: SHA1
[ ,,, ]
I think Uncle Alex serves a larger purpose as well:  Any controversial
topic he picks up gets sprayed with Jones-brand bullshit and force-fit
into the context of a delusional global conspiracy narrative.  With
sponsors like Alex, an under-reported story - delusional evidence
based - doesn't need enemies.  I call this "staining" - making a story
sound literally insane to assure that only the most credulous True
Believers will take it seriously.
I am confident that at least some propagandists employed by major
media outlets agree with this assessment; otherwise, why does Uncle
Alex get so many free promotional placements on national TV networks?
But wait, there's more:  Not only does Alex know what is /really/
wrong with the world, he knows how to fix the world, and consistently
instructs his audience to follow a two step plan.
1)  Expose the Conspiracy by promoting the Alex Jones message.
2)  Arm yourself and prepare to kill the Evil People.
That's it.  Since all the world's problems were deliberately created
by a global Conspiracy to both enslave and exterminate everyone else,
killing the Conspirators and their puppets in political office will
automatically solve all the world's problems.  Don't laugh - the
Sturmabteilung and other terrorist militias have been recruited by the
same basic pitch.
Does this make Uncle Alex look like a dedicated, hard working servant
of a radical fringe right-wing "conspiracy" a.k.a. political faction
among our ruling class?  Does Donald Trump's promise to make Alex
Jones proud of him appear to tend to confirm this assessment?  Nah,
that's just crazy talk.

@_date: 2017-03-27 00:12:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re:_pOPqUIZ!_How_to_Know_if_You=e2=80=99re_a_Precious_Lit?= =?UTF-8?Q?tle_#Snowflake_=28Ha 
Hash: SHA1
Awww, she's so special ;)
Snowflake?  Hell, we got a damn blizzard on tap, all year 'round.
Seems like only yesterday a bunch of them snowflakes shut Pro Trump
rallies down all over the country.  Oh right:  It WAS yesterday!
It was supposed to be a big national thing.  But once the word got out
that counter-demonstrators were showing up, no Trumptards at all
turned out in some towns.
Fun fact:  "Cuck" is the sound a capon makes when it tries to crow.

@_date: 2017-03-24 17:51:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Anonimous Intel employee leaks Intel's surveillance backdoor 
"Take that, you hostile sons of bitches!"
One of my all time favorites.

@_date: 2017-03-23 13:32:57
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Dishwasher's Guide to Politics (or how to tell a libertarian from an anarchist from a...) 
Hash: SHA1
In theory, everyone shares in the dish washing.  In practice, one or
two end up "usually" doing that (or any other) particular job.  In
real life, I have often ended up being the guy who quite literally
washes the dishes.
In real world voluntary organizations, the 10-90 rule is a pretty
reliable estimator:  10% of the participants do 90% of the work.
Among the 10%, a few individuals settle into a habit of doing each of
the necessary jobs most or all of the time.
The 10% also end up making most of the collective decisions, because
they are the ones who show up for the administrative meetings, know
what they are talking about, and actually do the things.
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.  But the
second duty, which is really part of the first, is to find and train
your replacements and get them to do likewise.

@_date: 2017-03-20 16:00:57
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Best@Muckrock digs more CIA MKULTRA mind control 
Hash: SHA1
This news is nearly 40 years old and to me, not very interesting
because I already know way too much about it.  Suggested lines of
inquiry:  How much of the reported results and subsequent funding of
CIA sponsored psychic research was done with an eye to prompting
other, less well funded intelligence services overseas to expend
resources attempting to duplicate the reported results?  How much of
the publicity surrounding these projects was intended to support
influence operations targeting superstitious foreign leaders and
populations?  And how much was a straight up scam raiding Uncle Sam's
piggy bank to keep "scientists" more aligned with P.T. Barnum's world
view than Einstein's in business?
FTA:  "The letter goes on to say that the Committee hadnt made any
determination to endorse the experimentation as valid or invalid,
[but] it does find that continued activity in this field may offer
promise in applications to intelligence problems. Therefore,
Congressman Rose was scheduling a briefing from Doctors Puthoff and
Targ, who were involved in the project."
Puthoff and Targ were celebrities in the paranormal and pop psychology
press at the time, "almost as if" publicity was their principal
occupation.  In the area of psychic research, they endorsed Israeli
stage magician Uri Geller's effects, often accomplished through the
agency of Geller's assistant who was allowed free run of the facility
where the "tests" were conducted, as demonstrations of genuine
telekinesis and ESP.  The facility in question was the Stanford
Research Institute, a CIA front located in Menlo Park, California.
The Stanford Research Institute also produced a remarkably influential
document called A Course In Miracles, the de facto Bible of the New
Age movement in the 1980s and 90s.  ACIM presents as a giant circular
argument persuasively selling the proposition that the reader is alone
in an otherwise empty Universe, and that all of her experiences are
voluntarily projected illusions. (They typical devotee was a
successfully divorced upper middle class female in her 40s.)
But other people /do/ exist in that ACIM passes judgment on them:
Those who are healthy, wealthy and "believers" are morally and
spiritually superior to anyone who may be sick, poor or attached to
"rationality," so every victim of every misfortune or abuse has
volunteered for it.  The only way to really help them is to tell them
to stop doing that.
In the ACIM frame of reference, unconditional belief can solve
literally any problem by making it vanish, and the book includes a one
year cycle of mental exercises with an emphasis on making "bad things"
go away through denial.  Its target market was people with lots of
disposable income, mobility, and too much time on their hands, and
ACIM worked for them.
ACIM presents as a very successful psyops a.k.a. mind control
operation.  It created a durable and influential subculture, splitting
a demographic group that has historically supported and promoted
liberal and humanitarian political and social movements, taking most
of that market's social climbers (opinion leaders) all the way out of
the game.
But that was probably just a coincidence.

@_date: 2017-03-08 21:12:59
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Claims begin to surface that Signal, etc not compromised by CIA ZeroDay 
Hash: SHA1
Most amusing that /anyone/ would doubt the capability of the NSA & Co.
to root a "smart phone" and set it up to capture voice and text
content before it gets encrypted for "secure" transmission.
I went looking for any evidence that this actually happened, vs.
an unsupported allegation that Wikileaks withheld a document
indicating the transfer of $2.4 billion from the Syrian government to
a Russian bank at about the time U.S. sponsored mercenaries arrived
and commenced regime change operations.  No evidence was presented in
the Verge story, but the original Daily Dot propaganda piece does
offer this in the way of unattributed weasel words:
"Sealed documents" allegedly leaked by an anonymous source - but not
published or quoted from by the press outlet they were handed to - are
the only indication that Wikileaks failed to publish an important
historical document that would have grabbed news headlines.
So in short, this story can be confidently evaluated as a lie from end
to end.  Before someone jumps in with "prove it didn't happen!", a
reminder that this is a classic propaganda technique:
Argument From Ignorance:  Your failure to prove my unsubstantiated
assertion false, proves that it is true.
The U.S. sponsored smear campaign asserting that Wikileaks is a
Russian controlled propaganda asset accounts for this apparent Big Lie
better than any alternative explanation.
But the reported threat by Wikileaks to "respond in kind" to this
smear story does sound like Assange to me.  And if so, he means it:
As soon as someone hands Wikileaks anything embarrassing to the Daily
Dot, it will be published and promoted - because the smear story
So do any Mendax fans out there feel like digging around the Dot to
see what might turn up?  At minimum they are a mouthpiece for at least
one U.S. political warfare shop, at best that shop has something to
blackmail them with that others could find if they looked.

@_date: 2017-03-05 21:27:19
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: eBook (pdf) Cities Under Siege: The New Military Urbanism - Libcom 
Thanks, looking forward to reading this. "My kind of fun," as they say.

@_date: 2017-03-02 17:27:48
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re:_Our_experiments_taught_us_why_people_troll_+_?= =?UTF-8?B?4oCYQWx0ZXJuYXRpdmUgZmFjdHPi 
Hash: SHA1
Ideologically pure followers of the Right and Left both troll
non-stop; first themselves, then others.  The differences between
political leaders on the Right and Left are matters of style, not
In Identity Politics game, the Left's victory condition is to prove
oneself morally superior, while the Right's victory condition is to
stomp someone else down.  This seems to fit with the observed behavior
of inmates of the Left and Right ideologies, consistent with the
personality types targeted by political indoctrination campaigns:  The
Left package is marketed to people with a strong predisposition to
confidence and cooperation in social contexts, the Right package is
marketed to those with a predisposition for fear and the use of force
in social contexts.  About ten years ago there were some press notices
of psychological studies confirming a model where Liberal and
Conservative "political preferences" are strongly consistent with
baseline preconscious emotional and cognitive predispositions as per
This evaluation of Left and Right Identity Politics may not make sense
to some people, especially those who have been sold the Left/Right
conflict as some kind of "ideological battle" based on the validity or
utility of political and economic theories, and believe the outcomes
of such debates in the public sphere affect State political and
economic policy.  But in a context where acquiring and preserving
power for its own sake by any means necessary is the only "ideology"
of an economic ruling class, the Left/Right divide is more a matter of
style than substance:  A basis for popularity contests among political
representatives of ruling class factions whose action agendas overlap
by 90% or more, in a context where public policy always serves the
entire ruling class at everyone else's expense.  I call Left/Right
Identity Politics a "divide the conquered" strategy.

@_date: 2017-03-01 16:49:23
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [Cryptography] Schneier's Internet Security Agency - bad idea because we don't know what it 
Hash: SHA1
Sorry, my bad.  Lost track of how many layers deep it was.

@_date: 2017-03-01 02:42:01
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [Cryptography] Schneier's Internet Security Agency - bad idea because we don't know what it 
Hash: SHA1
Bruce is many things, stupid is not one of them.  Nor can I reasonably
imagine him failing to do at least casual fact checking before making
a Grand Pronouncement.
But when he unconditionally endorsed the Russian Hacking narrative
launched by the Obama Administration in October, 2016, he explicitly
stated that the Obama Administration refrained from announcing the
scandal until /after/ the general election.  That's a direct lie.  And
neither I nor, apparently, anyone else who as examined the narrative
has found any indicators of evidence in support of the assertions made.
One can easily imagine that Bruce took a job on the TOR Project board
as an investment his public image as a "maverick" security expert; or
even that he imagined he could serve a "watchdog" function there.  But
now it seems plausible that he may have rolled all the way over and
embraced the Security State there and then.  If not then, it did not
take him very long to do so with this new Internet Security Agency
Bruce used to be one of the few consistent voices for sanity on the
"security fundamentals" front in the Corporate and Policy worlds.  Oh
well.  One can only wish him ignominious failure in his future
endeavors, until or unless he chucks the load of shit he has picked up
overboard - and does something of material value to make reparations:
 No act of penance, no absolution.

@_date: 2017-03-05 18:44:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Is the revolution over? 
Hash: SHA1
He appears to be on the boards of EFF and the Freedom Of The Press
Cryptography is a tool, not a magic cure-all.  There is a time and
place to lock adversaries out of your comms channels, and a time and
place to be very visible.  To tell the difference on a case by case
basis, ask yourself:  "Does my use of wide open public comms do more
harm to my interests or to those of my adversaries?"  It's a piss poor
pitiful Anarchist, who refuses to use an adversary's infrastructure to
harm that adversary's interests.
Those who insist on trying to conceal their identities and/or
activities from hostile actors at all times take themselves out of the
influence game.  If you have a protocol for broadcasting a persistent,
responsive, influential political message without being identified by
well funded surveillance actors, do please share it:  That would be a
fundamental and unexpected breakthrough.  Otherwise, such an effort
only starts a count-down timer - when will a well funded surveillance
actor take the trouble to find out who you are, and trace your
movements backward through time?  When they do so, which of the
actions you took because you believed they were "off the record" will
justify the allocation of billable hours to shut you down?
Judging by the "social media" channels, practically no one is content;
nearly everyone seems to believe that their ideological adversaries
are presently in power and need to be stomped down.  I see more people
who either call themselves "revolutionaries" or publicly bemoan the
fact that there "are no revolutionaries" all the time lately.  Of
course, they don't know what the word means - they accept self
defeating definitions provided to them by a lifetime of exposure to
revolutionary propaganda.
As expected, the Internet does amplify human intelligence and
mobilizes distributed "smart mobs" in response to perceived problems
and challenges.  But the Internet also amplifies human stupidity, and
some factions among our rulers have learned how to raise armies of
morons in cyberspace.  The result is a hotly contested information
battle space where multiple factions compete to influence both
ephemeral swarms and more durable herd movements.  I have never seen
anything like the intensity and variety of influence and
disinformation projects in progress right now in U.S. broadcast and
online media.
As expected, the future arrives sooner every day as the rate of change
continues to accelerate.  I see signs of panic and/or desperation
everywhere I look at any well established economic power block's
publicly visible activities.  What if there was a revolution and
nobody noticed?  The answer to that question is all around us right now.
You say you want a revolution?  Congratulations!  Radical changes in
the physical world - economic, technological and geophysical - are now
rendering previously stable political systems obsolete and
unmaintainable.  New institutional templates adapted to new conditions
emerge because people adapt their social and economic behavior to new
conditions; not because Great Visionary Leaders issue a call to arms.
 The political agitation and violence we call a "revolution" is only
the last stage of the actual revolutionary process, terminating it and
establishing a new institutional stability for the benefit of a new
set of power players.
We all want to change the world.  But if you have a real solution, we
all need to see the plan.  Restricting its distribution to "secure and
anonymous" channels only guarantees it won't reach an audience that
can implement it.  Where and as surprise actions provide strategic
advantage, do use cryptographic technology - IF your co-conspirators
are also up to it, which almost never happens in real life.  When
physical meetings where all electronics are banned are practical, they
can facilitate useful goal setting, coordination and planning.  The
surveillance networks will follow most of your group to and from the
meeting place, but otherwise moles and unwitting informants will be
the only security risks affecting the meeting itself.
A proposed revolution in communications security that would have
blinded State and Corporate actors to "private" network comms never
got off the ground and so could be said to have failed.  But a real,
naturally occurring revolution is in progress anyway:  Come back in 50
years and you will hardly know the place.

@_date: 2017-03-09 18:18:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: If this doesn't define what TOR really is, what does? 
Hash: SHA1
If we can learn anything from the spook shops, it's this:  Never be
100% confident that you have figured out what the other guys are
doing.  They call their sphere of operations a 'wilderness of mirrors'
for good reason; creating and penetrating multiple layers of deception
and misdirection is an all day every day thing over there.
Regular folks believe there are things called "facts" and call
cognitive bias and logical fallacies "common sense."  Spook shops
train their inmates to recognize and /try/ to avoid these habits,
while exploiting them in others.
"There is no such thing as finished intelligence, only finished
intelligence officers." - The Covert Comic

@_date: 2017-03-08 17:50:19
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: If this doesn't define what TOR really is, what does? 
Hash: SHA1
Good point:  I was mostly serious, though of course I would never
imagine that clandestine security services "obey the law" just because
it's the law - the reason they are "clandestine" is to enable them to
break the law at will.  The FBI and the military intelligence services
have traditionally been rivals, very protective of the boundaries
defining their respective turfs.  But now that the FBI enforces U.S.
law against foreign nationals on foreign soil - a rather bizarre
development - it is easy to imagine that mechanisms for routine
integration of FBI and NSA functions have developed.
The example above - NSA and DEA working hand in hand - may not be the
most relevant indicator though.  Back when Phil Agee went walkabout
and wrote Inside The Company, there was a firestorm of controversy and
Congress yanked the CIA's leash hard by slashing budgets for U.S.
terrorist operations in South and Central America.  At that time the
DEA stepped in and took up the slack, as it was well positioned to
bypass Congress and fund its own operations by dealing drugs.  Since
the 1970s the DEA has been ass deep in political warfare overseas, so
I think it is reasonable to presume that they have a long standing BFF
relationship with both CIA and NSA.
FBI?  Maybe, maybe not, but on reflection I do think it's likely that
barriers between that organization and NSA etc. are falling fast, if
not already completely gone.
All that said, I do think the method the FBI says it used to bust the
Playpen trash would have been both practical, more cost effective and
easier to sell as "legal" in Court than farming it out to the NSA.

@_date: 2017-03-08 05:37:13
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: If this doesn't define what TOR really is, what does? 
Hash: SHA1
Sounds reasonable if NSA was involved:  But this show was billed as an
FBI production, and I don't think the NSA ventures into law
enforcement territory.  The narrative presented by the FBI, including
the use of an exploit against Firefox + Microsoft sounded plausible to
me at the time.

@_date: 2017-03-07 17:24:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: If this doesn't define what TOR really is, what does? 
Hash: SHA1
So whatever they are hiding is probably not this:
"The FBI used a vulnerability in Firefox 17, on which the Tor browser
is based, to turn Freedom Hosting sites into malware spreading tracker
tools. It all works on the Firefox 17 JavaScript Zero Day Exploit;
this malicious script is a tiny Windows executable hidden variable
named Magneto which looks for victims MAC address and its hostname
and sends it back as a HTTP web request to the Virginia server to
expose the users real IP address. The FBI successfully gained access
to the Freedom Hosting server and injected malicious HTML code, which
checks whether the users browser is Firefox 17 or not."
Which raises the question, what ARE they hiding?  Some options, in no
particular order...
1)  An as-yet undetected and unpatched vulnerability affecting Firefox
and/or the TOR router was used - and the defense team knows it.
2)  The defendant may have traded some information or cooperation, or
may have an "insurance file" with enough evidence to convict someone
at FBI or DOJ of his same charges or worse.
3)  The FBI decided to pick one suspect to kick loose with a bogus
story indicating an as-yet undetected and unpatched vulnerability, for
propaganda purposes.
The fog of physical war is hard enough to see through, but with
network warfare that fog is hiding... more fog.

@_date: 2017-03-13 17:40:09
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Is Assange now unprosecutable? 
Hash: SHA1
One thing I have never understood:  Prosecute Assange where, for what?
 It is alleged that a foreign national on foreign soil has published
"top secret" U.S. military and diplomatic documents provided
anonymously by a U.S. national (Chelsea Manning), and/or has published
proprietary information transferred illegally by U.S. citizens acting
on U.S. soli (DNC mail, RIP Seth Rich, etc.).  How will a Prosecutor
assert that a U.S. Court has jurisdiction over a foreign publisher who
received these materials and published them gratis?  (Excluding
"specious argument constructed for public consumption, corrupt Judge,
rubber stamp.")
Does the U.S. State have sovereign authority over the citizens of
"other" sovereign nations acting outside U.S. borders?  Maybe I'm just
being dense here.  Can somebody clue me in?
Also, per Jim's post, I am having a hard time wrapping my head around
the argument that publishing true and damaging information somehow
creates a barrier to prosecution.  A public opinion issue or a legal
one?  Either way I'm not getting it.

@_date: 2017-03-22 15:55:06
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: No, Assange did not lie. 
Hash: SHA1
Perhaps "no" was shorthand for, "The widely repeated assertion that
Russia penetrated the DNC's mail servers and gave their contents to
Wikileaks is an obvious lie."
Why obvious?
The Russian Hacking claim was first made in an October, 2016 press
release from DHS that attributes it to "the USIC."  No less an
Independent Security Authority than Bruce Schneier has asserted that
the public was not told about Russian Hacking until /after/ the
election, in support of his position that the story was not intended
to affect U.S. election results.  How deep does this bullshit go?
"All the way down" apparently.
Since there is no such agency or department as "the United States
Intelligence Community," that means the content of the initial press
release is not attributable to any auditable process or responsible
party.  Worse, it does not actually say "Russia did it."  Instead it
says that the leak was consistent with Russia's motives and methods.
That's all it actually says, but it says that in a context where an
uncritical reader can have no doubt that it said "Russia did it and we
have proof."  The rest of the press release is a lengthy statement
assuring us that Russia, despite its digital superpowers, can not
alter the actual election results.
A second, post-election press release makes more detailed assertions,
and presents graphics depicting information about "hacking groups,"
already available to the public, to support the belief that "we know
all the details about how Russia did it."  Nothing connects these
completely generic diagrams to the DNC servers - but "seeing is
believing" and plenty of people do believe.
A third and even more lengthy and elaborate press release falsely
calls itself a declassified intelligence report.  I say "falsely"
because it bears no classification or distribution markings, no
declassification notice, and no redaction markings.  This very
jargon-dense fake intelligence report reiterates previously made
assertions in Hollywood style spook-speak obviously calculated to
confuse and impress a naive audience.
We are consistently told that the red hot smoking gun evidence that
proves Russia Did It can not be released to the public because it is
Top Secret.  Presumably, releasing any evidence at all would
compromise sensitive methods and sources.  But...  News flash:  When
you tell the opposition what you know and when you knew it, you have
already compromised your sensitive sources and methods.  Meanwhile,
when an intelligence service creates a 100% convincing impression that
it is waging political warfare against its domestic audience through
Big Lie propaganda, the resulting loss of confidence and prestige does
more damage to The National Security than the release of /one/
fragment of evidence in support of the propaganda narrative could
possibly do.
There's an old political slogan used by resistance movements:  "The
whole world is watching."  We can update that today:  "The whole world
is laughing."  And not just at the illiterate buffon in the Oval
Office:  The NeoLiberal DNC and its partisans at CIA are equally
laughable thanks to their grim determination to keep pushing their
favorite Big Lie narrative, as if there was no other grounds to
demonize the illiterate buffoon's Administration.
That's dangerously close to the classic propaganda technique called
Argument From Ignorance:  "Your failure to prove me wrong, proves me
right."  Not quite that, but dangerously close.

@_date: 2017-04-15 16:43:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [apc.members] OpenVPN 
Hash: SHA1
For the uninformed:
A real VPN connection routes all network traffic from the machine in
question through a remote host via an encrypted connection.  A browser
based "vpn connection" is no such thing.  It only routes the browser's
own traffic through a remote host - IF it works, and UNTIL it is
compromised by an exploit hosted on a site the over-confident user
visits.  It leaves the system wide open to multiple families of side
channel attacks, and if your security model includes State and
Corporate actors as potential adversaries, that's not a hypothetical
or acceptable risk.

@_date: 2017-04-04 19:43:24
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: gnupg-agent stores pass phrases until power-off 
Hash: SHA1
gnupg-agent is in serious need of some bugfixes, at least the version
that makes it into Mint.  Once it sees a pass phrase, gnupg-agent
retains it until the system is shut down; stored pass phrases persist
through user logout/login.
This behavior is supposed to be controlled by a config file where a
timeout can be set, but none is present in the default installations I
have seen on Mint, and creating a new gpg-agent.conf as directed in
the man page for gnupg-agent does exactly nothing to alter its behavior.
The Debian devs say this is a non-issue.  Their excuse:  "Physical
access is game over."  How's that for convenient?
Never mind that broken gnupg-agent means physical access by any
unskilled snooper gives that person the ability to read and copy
encrypted documents and files, or apply your signature to anything,
while your back is turned.  Not an issue.  The presence of your pass
phrase in system memory, as/when a non-persistent exploit checks to
see if pass phrases for the secring keys it just sent to its owner are
available in memory is not a potential issue, either.
My work-arounds for this BS:

@_date: 2017-04-04 19:37:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Does anyone here know PAM? 
Hash: SHA1
gnupg-agent is in serious need of some bugfixes, at least the version
that makes it into Mint.  Once it sees a pass phrase, gnupg-agent
retains it until the system is shut down; stored pass phrases persist
through user logout/login.
This behavior is supposed to be controlled by a config file where a
timeout can be set, but none is present in the default installations I
have seen on Mint, and creating a new gpg-agent.conf as directed in
the man page for gnupg-agent does exactly nothing to alter its behavior.
The Debian devs say this is a non-issue.  Their excuse:  "Physical
access is game over."  How's that for convenient?
Never mind that broken gnupg-agent means physical access by any
unskilled snooper gives that person the ability to read and copy
encrypted documents and files, or apply your signature to anything,
while your back is turned.  Not an issue.  The presence of your pass
phrase in system memory, as/when a non-persistent exploit checks to
see if pass phrases for the secring keys it just sent to its owner are
available in memory is not a potential issue, either.
My work-arounds for this BS:
Come to think of it, I'm gonna copy this reply to a new thread.  It's
on topic to the group and deserves more attention.

@_date: 2017-04-04 19:39:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: gnupg-agent stores pass phrases until power-off 
Hash: SHA1
gnupg-agent is in serious need of some bugfixes, at least the version
that makes it into Mint.  Once it sees a pass phrase, gnupg-agent
retains it until the system is shut down; stored pass phrases persist
through user logout/login.
This behavior is supposed to be controlled by a config file where a
timeout can be set, but none is present in the default installations I
have seen on Mint, and creating a new gpg-agent.conf as directed in
the man page for gnupg-agent does exactly nothing to alter its behavior.
The Debian devs say this is a non-issue.  Their excuse:  "Physical
access is game over."  How's that for convenient?
Never mind that broken gnupg-agent means physical access by any
unskilled snooper gives that person the ability to read and copy
encrypted documents and files, or apply your signature to anything,
while your back is turned.  Not an issue.  The presence of your pass
phrase in system memory, as/when a non-persistent exploit checks to
see if pass phrases for the secring keys it just sent to its owner are
available in memory is not a potential issue, either.
My work-arounds for this BS:

@_date: 2017-04-18 23:08:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Tracking pixels can conduct surveillance for targeted attacks 
Hash: SHA1
I haven't seen one of these in many moons.  Decently designed mail
readers that render HTML do not pull in remote content unless
expressly directed to.  "Normal" website based trackers use
Javascript; it is transparent to the (naive) user and can harvest a
much more detailed profile of the viewer's browser than that
volunteered by HTTP request headers.
Javascrpt filters that block calls for offsite scripts and halt
execution of scripts embedded in HTML cover most of the JS
surveillance vector.  I do occasionally dissect web pages to see what
they're made of, with special attention to spyware, but I have never
seen a 1px "web bug" (yes, they have a name) in an HTML document.  Not
to say they can't be used, but as far as I can tell they rarely are.
An option to block all 3rd party image content by default would be a
good addition to a tool like NoScript.  Many users would be shocked -
SHOCKED, I TELL YA! - to learn how often they are visiting Cloudflare,
Amazon, and image hosting sites like Photobucket or Imageshack while
viewing "independet, owner operated" websites.
I do occasionally dissect

@_date: 2017-04-28 17:27:04
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Adding [Cypherpunks] at the beginning of a subject by default 
Hash: SHA1
Thunderbird works for me.  Every message from the CPunks list that
hits the inbox in question lands in a CPunks folder.  New arrivals
cause the folder name in the folders list to change color, and
increment the message count next to the folder name.  "Easy to spot"
becomes a non-issue; new messages are nearly impossible to miss, and
all the messages from the list are viewed in context with the rest of
the messages from the list when the folder is opened.
It is also very easy to create new filter rules to sort a given "from"
address into a CPunks Spam folder, which in my case is about 20% of
the messages from the list.  "One click" enables me to check these for
anything interesting or useful, although such is rarely found.
Adding the list name to every subject line means pushing every subject
line n. spaces to the right, with what I would call redundant visual
clutter.  Looking at the list messages display in Thunderbird I count
six presently visible subject lines that end in ... because they are
longer than the column they appear in, /without/ a redundant list name
in front of them.
That is GMail's semi-equivalent of filtering messages into folders,
but there's a way better method IMO:  Use Thunderbird.  GMail supports
the IMAP protocol, so a GMail account looks and works "the same as" a
real e-mail account when accessed via Thunderbird.  That also cuts the
attack surface for Google's friendly, harmless Javascript / AJAX right
out of the picture.
Also, Thunderbird + Enigmail = complete and user friendly GPG support
for webmail accounts, with no time consuming failure prone
work-arounds required.
Bit of fun:  GMail's AJAX code repeatedly harvests draft message text
in progress while-u-type, a feature that makes recovery from a browser
crash without lost work possible.  And all your plaintext are belong
to Google.

@_date: 2017-05-31 16:31:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: For Your Eyes Only... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <6740bec9-9985-8b5e-41dc-90e95b564172
 <31ca7f32-f5f5-fa48-6dd9-16c722595941
 <8D4FD3B4-66A7-4DCA-8CD4-B87D6047DA72
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-25 17:38:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: malware increasing salaries 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-20 17:42:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Msg-ing all [CypherPunks] disruption operators: CFP - WOOT '17 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20170520113858.GA692
 <9f0a20c5-e89f-e638-6af5-4ae6e7ecd709
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-31 00:30:00
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: RISK: A Film by Laura Poitras 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-06 22:14:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Advice, please, any and all accepted 
Hash: SHA1
I was being sarcastic when I wrote that.  I figured the clown nose
smiley face would tip readers off.
But if you find a way to implement a Global SuperState, by all means
do so, as fast and as hard as possible.  Nothing would accelerate the
collapse of the industrial age global economy faster, and shutting
down the old Planet Killer is a necessary precursor to inventing
something better adapted to present day human needs.

@_date: 2017-05-05 22:34:58
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Hash: SHA1
So in short, you are telling us you don't know anything about
geophysics and don't need to find out:  Your version of Political
Correctness provides final answers to all meaningful questions about
the human condition.  That sounds more like conventional religious
fanaticism than the Scientician faith.
There's that Scientician faith in action!

@_date: 2017-05-05 00:33:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Hash: SHA1
What I call the Scientician faith is a very widespread popular
religion, maybe the first really successful atheist religious sect.
In the U.S. its followers number in the tens of millions and include
most self identifying "Liberals" as well as numerous "Libertarians"
and others who pin a large part of their self esteem on the notion
that they are "smarter" than other people.  The Scientician priesthood
- - everyone who claims the title "scientist" and is available through
speakers' bureaus and press agents - replaces the functions of the
Church as "explainer of everything" and "Voice of Divine Authority."
The apocalyptic prophesy I refer to is more or less the same scenario
I outlined earlier:  The impact of resource depletion, environmental
degradation, population pressure etc. on human affairs in the next
couple of decades.
There is a sharp divide between the scientists and Scienticians over
what the outcome will be:  A broad consensus among working scientists
in relevant fields says "life as we know it" will be ending shortly;
massive losses are inevitable; and immediate, radical remedial action
is warranted.
But our Scienticians are happy to promote the belief that by throwing
enough money at the symptoms when they become too severe to ignore,
all the problems arising from the Industrial Revolution can be solved
to everyone's satisfaction by Startling Miracles of Super Science.
The Scientician position has practical consequences:  It maximizes
Corporate executive compensation packages, Corporate shareholder
capital gains, and both poverty and human fatalities among the "lower
classes" worldwide:  It's a win/win/win proposition from our rulers'
The State fully endorses the Scientician approach, as the State's sole
function is to transfer money and power from the poor to the rich at
the fastest practicable rate.  As always, symbolic "initiatives" and
strongly worded press releases are sufficient responses to public
pressure to "do something" about, for instance, global warming.
When our propaganda industries co-opted the image of science as a
marketing tool, this already complex and contentious field of human
activity became a /real/ hairball.  Almost nobody who lacks formal
training in the physical sciences stands any chance of understanding,
much less evaluating, claims made In The Name Of Science today.

@_date: 2017-05-04 17:49:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Hash: SHA1
The global Superstate scenario is "real" in the sense that many people
actually seem to believe in it, approve of it and want to make it
happen.  Such is the power of propaganda in the age of ubiquitous
broadcast communications, moving whole societies into fantasy worlds
designed to facilitate economic growth under a top-down command
The Superstate scenario is "real" in the metaphorical sense that the
Internet, trans-national corporations and high speed long distance
transport of materials and consumer goods have already turned Homo Sap
into a meta-organism that behaves like a colonial fungus bent on
consuming the world's resources as quickly and completely as possible.
But the prospect of world peace and prosperity under a benevolent
global State is "not real at all" in the sense that the global
industrial economy is locked into self-destructive feedback loops
driven by perverse incentives.  Any Utopian plan that does not take
the context of a global economic collapse and human population crash
into account is a futile exercise in abstract speculation.
We are now inside the historical singularity:  A system where the
exponential growth rate of change in human affairs (new discoveries,
technologies, etc.) has advanced too far to permit reliable long range
projections of future developments.  The rate of ongoing change is too
high, creating too many hidden variables and too much turbulence.
Under these conditions, even brute force solutions that seek to
will not yield reliable results.
The only things we can predict with much confidence today are that the
better established laws of physics will remain intact, and that macro
scale human motives and behaviors that have not changed over the last
few thousand years will likely change slowly if at all.  Given these
baseline factors, we /can/ predict, with some confidence, that we will
be dropping out of the singularity soon:  Macro scale human demand for
basic material commodities (including food) now exceeds the planet's
carrying capacity; that demand is still growing, while the rate of
resource exhaustion and human habitat destruction continues to accelerat
The Scientician faith and its Corporate Capitalist patrons tell us
that technological "quick fix" solutions will be created when and as
needed to keep the world as we know it intact.  Like all respectable
apocalyptic prophesies, those of the Scienticians are likely to be
reasonably accurate right up to the point where the Heavens open up
and Bog and all his Holy Angels come down and fix everything for us:
That part never happens.
I do not advise people to "give up" on anything but the status quo,
and I do not predict the extinction of the human species.  We are the
toughest weeds Nature ever made, capable of living on pack ice and
hard rock desert using only Neolithic technology - and loving it.  I
do suggest that those who are able to do so get to work devising
practical solutions for survival and recovery to the best available
New Normal.  The world's present rulers are hard at work on those
problems right now, but their objectives center on worst case
scenarios where retaining their present level of power is the primary
objective, and everyone but themselves is expendable.  Pardon my
language, but fuck those people.

@_date: 2017-05-03 01:32:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Hash: SHA1
[ ... ]
Given that hierarchal power structures enabled and enforced by the
State are the major cause of the greatest collective problems faced by
the human race, the solution to the greatest collective problems faced
by the human race is a bigger more powerful State!
The logic behind this is self evident and inescapable.

@_date: 2017-05-02 21:31:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What is the value of the State? 
Hash: SHA1
Bear in mind that the "State" is a model of governance, not a synonym
for governance.  It is a failed model, as witness the Anthropocene
Era's mass extinction even in progress and the pending human
population crash.
The most successful governments in history, from a quality of life and
durability perspective, organized as bands > tribes > federations,
governed by consensus-driven local councils.  There was no "Sovereign"
in sight, no presumption that the collective owns its members or their
supposedly personal property.  Nor did designated decision-makers have
the authority to enforce their orders by violent means.
Many people assume that keeping the World As We Know It intact and
walking it back to conditions comparable to the 1950s is humanity's
Great Mission Objective.  I don't mind calling that mind set a mass
suicide imperative.  If the image of lemmings running off a cliff did
not exist, it would have been necessary to create it.

@_date: 2017-05-01 15:38:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: thepiratebay.org behind cloudflare 
Hash: SHA1
[ ... ]
A much more economical attack where seed boxes operated by hostile
parties record IP addresses of connecting users was the dominant
torrent surveillance model for a long time.  Typically, a comically
self-mutilating corporation (thou shalt not promote our product to a
wide audience at no cost to us) would provide a contractor with a list
of "intellectual property" items to monitor and report on.  Either the
contractor would blackmail the account holders at those IP addresses,
or refer them to their ISPs for hostile action.
I recall a study from maybe 10 years ago, indicating that
then-availble blocklists of known and probable "troll" IPs were around
90% effective.
Got pointers to any more current information, especially regarding
inspection of data in transit?  Inquiring minds wants to know...

@_date: 2017-05-23 23:02:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Snowden defends Comey 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <188415e6-2fc7-d8a0-5561-c3e7edd7f8cc
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-14 16:08:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Snowden defends Comey 
Hash: SHA1
I <3 The President's Analyst.  Anybody here who ain't seen it, ought
to see it.

@_date: 2017-05-12 05:10:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Snowden defends Comey 
Hash: SHA1
[ ... ]
When Chelsea's transgender thing came out in the news, a lot of very
vocal supporters walked away mumbling about how it just couldn't be
possible.  Just to fuck with them, I started posting this around under
the tagline, "In my opinion, whatever Chelsea wants, Chelsea gets."

@_date: 2017-05-12 05:04:26
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Snowden defends Comey 
Hash: SHA1
By his own account, Snowden was a malcontent who was told by his
office mates to shut up and ignore illegal activities. Whether he came
to the attention of the Insider Threat Program or other CI programs is
a question of how "good" they are at doing their jobs.

@_date: 2017-05-11 17:27:44
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Snowden defends Comey 
Hash: SHA1
I think of Snowden as victim of circumstances controlled by others,
and very possibly an unwitting agent selected from a pool of
candidates provided by the Insider Threat Program.  Am I the only one
who has noticed that every real-world consequence of The Snowden
Affair has benefited his former employers?
Snowden's freedom of action ended when he handed Glen Greenwald a
collection of documents that brought in $250 million when Greenwald
shopped them around.  From that time forward Ed has been a prisoner in
a portable cage, because for reasons known only to himself he decided
to sign his name vs. concealing his identity.  Lest we forget, Chelsea
Manning was only busted because she said too much to a snitch - and Ed
certainly knew that.
The first thing the Snowden docs were used for was to open up NSA
domestic network surveillance as an issue for Congress to settle.
They did so by allowing it to continue, and in the process established
that lying to Congress under oath is not a crime if the DCI does it.
There are huge advantages in picking the time and place of a fight in
advance and preparing in depth before making "the other guy" start it.
The second thing the Snowden docs were used for was to keep the
Manning trial out of the news.  Greenwald reportedly fought with his
editors to move the publication date up to coincide with the first day
of Manning's trial.  They did so and the result was "Chelsea who?  Oh,
that's over and done with ages ago."
The only real damage the Snowden Docs did to State interests was not
done by them at all:  The popular press falsely attributes leaked NSA
docs originating in Germany, i.e. the one that revealed Merkel's
phones were tapped, to Snowden.

@_date: 2017-05-11 16:45:01
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Angry Good Germans demand reinstatement of Gestapo chief 
Hash: SHA1
More likely, angry knee jerk reactionary Yellow Dog Democrats.  Comey
became their champion when he gave Hillary Clinton a free pass after
an FBI investigation determined that she had a habit of removing
classification markings from documents before forwarding them to
people who were not cleared to see them, and instructing her staff to
do likewise.  That's multiple felony counts with enhanced penalties
for "conspiracy," unless you're a Clinton.
Later, Comey was the Yellow Dog Democrats' last, best hope for
removing Trump from office, as they believed he was directing an
investigation that would end in prosecuting Trump as a Russian agent:
 The famous Russian Hacking story and its accessory sub-plots.
Hillarious, ain't it?

@_date: 2017-05-18 17:32:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [Webinar] Decrypting the WannaCry ransomware: Why is it happening and (how) is it going to end? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <3E793272-E0BB-42CD-9482-44C2B4F1B1F6
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-21 05:45:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Torrenting The Darknets 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <556a79dc-3196-b87d-59eb-44020b1d8100
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-21 02:21:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Torrenting The Darknets 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-21 23:18:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Biological Collapse 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-31 16:08:24
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: For Your Eyes Only... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <6740bec9-9985-8b5e-41dc-90e95b564172
 <8b44730e-835c-e84e-15dd-7c7c8b8e4ea1
 <36184c3e-d98b-44ce-309f-e4a1851522c1
 <48cbde71-d86c-6358-06a0-906ef12b8cae
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-26 04:49:54
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: For Your Eyes Only... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <6740bec9-9985-8b5e-41dc-90e95b564172
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-25 17:29:34
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: For Your Eyes Only... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <6740bec9-9985-8b5e-41dc-90e95b564172
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-25 06:28:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: For Your Eyes Only... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <6740bec9-9985-8b5e-41dc-90e95b564172
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-05-24 21:47:44
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: For Your Eyes Only... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-06-30 16:05:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: JFK 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-06-20 21:36:57
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Network security guide from vpnmentor.com 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-06-01 16:36:10
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: For Your Eyes Only... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <6740bec9-9985-8b5e-41dc-90e95b564172
 <8b44730e-835c-e84e-15dd-7c7c8b8e4ea1
 <36184c3e-d98b-44ce-309f-e4a1851522c1
 <48cbde71-d86c-6358-06a0-906ef12b8cae
 <4c0c82cb-3edb-8d64-3564-3002118223b2
 <029a17f9-1e00-f625-91a0-f5a2be9fa03e
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-06-03 20:22:40
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Are you also a Soviet Spy 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-06-06 20:36:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: TheIntercept Compromises Courageous Leaker Reality Winner 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-06-17 16:52:41
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The role of antivirus in security 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-06-18 20:24:41
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What if my hypothesis regarding Snowden is correct? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <0fd58009-bb99-d3b6-a75a-0bda74926394
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-06-18 19:07:04
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What if my hypothesis regarding Snowden is correct? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-06-22 15:32:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Scanning through walls using WiFi drones. 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <557998228.3495601.1498068019319
 <594ad25e.dc2ec80a.9ca4b.5abf
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-06-28 21:46:42
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Barrett Brown: 'new framework for mass online collaboration' Reddit 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References:  <59540e44.c4a3370a.3a7f8.f9c4
 <1323174c-e115-a271-6919-3e18348531df
 <595421c9.e522c80a.3abc4.1acd
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-06-28 21:32:23
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Barrett Brown: 'new framework for mass online collaboration' Reddit 
I thought he was talking about "the Internet," not the thingy that's
under development.  "...any individual with a network connection and a
bright idea may collaborate with any other any individual with a network
connection who likes that idea" would have been more accurate, but maybe
a little redundant.

@_date: 2017-06-28 18:43:46
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Barrett Brown: 'new framework for mass online collaboration' Reddit 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-15 00:45:31
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Welcome To Anarchast! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <84365e73-2b53-9598-5d6d-3eab837f7e99
 <986aa9a2-af25-0407-a196-752fa40fda1e
 <9dd13b12-499a-bf27-f62a-3d3354a4dec6
 <59695cd0.18c5370a.53914.cbd8
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-10 17:15:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Trump wants to collaborate with the Russians to secure U.S. elections 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References:  <1276d18a-bf59-e9c4-4f70-a91baf3d8941
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-08 16:27:42
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: NSA provides list of patents it's willing to share with public 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <2e76ab69-9997-0c2d-13fe-72f571240455
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-03 06:57:04
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: GPG: Deprecated hash + local "game over" exploit 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20170702071304.GA696
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-15 14:48:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Estimate for the total number of exploitable bugs in large linux distro? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20170714093056.GA865
 <20170714142232.aeqiy22wzwemxwpx
 <20170715085444.GA967
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-08 02:39:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Russia's "eye-watering" military toys 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <565115a9.c24f370a.38b0.ffff94b1
 <20170708011240.GA3916 <59603add.c729c80a.e1de4.a3f2
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-03 06:55:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: GPG: Deprecated hash + local "game over" exploit 
Quite sure:  Taking measures to specifically deny the passphrase to
gnupg-agent fixed the problem at once.  Also, I was using KDE4 at the
time, on a system where Cinnamon is the default desktop.
I created gpg-agent.conf and put it in the right directory per the man
page, because it was not there... and it had no effect.
Especially disturbing because, although I never have a reason to type a
GPG pass phrase as an administrator, logging out of my user account did
not remove the pass phrase from memory.  Nothing short of powering off
did the job.

@_date: 2017-07-01 20:17:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: GPG: Deprecated hash + local "game over" exploit 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-03 14:24:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Vulnerability of OpenSource Software download mechanisms: VLC 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-08 15:23:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: NSA provides list of patents it's willing to share with public 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-14 23:31:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Welcome To Anarchast! 
Beg to disagree:  As an example, the original Labor Movement forced the
Robber Barons to accept a settlement negotiated through State
institutions.  The New Deal worked, not just in the U.S. but also in
Germany where the Nazi party applied many features of that model and
pulled the country back from the brink of starvation.  Even given the
then-prevailing German tradition of unconditional obedience to
authority, they would most likely have rebelled against the excesses of
the Nazi agenda had the Party not earned their loyalty by literally
saving their country from total ruin.
Likewise, the U.S. Civil Rights movement obtained massive concessions
via economic and information warfare, again resulting in a negotiated
settlement between organized peasants and their rulers.
Conditions favorable for a massive popular uprising seem to be on the
way in the United States right now, as a consequence of geophysical and
geopolitical factors no amount of Super Science or etc. can wish away.
Now would be a good time to brush up on one's political warfare
techniques, and start looking for winning teams to join up with - or for
that matter, to start one's own.
Don't let the "nonviolent" thing put you off:  Everyone from Mao Tse
Tung to the authors of current U.S. Army counter-insurgency manuals
agrees, an armed uprising can not succeed without a /much/ larger base
of non-combatant supporters.  As a matter of historical fact,
revolutions are won or lost before the first shot is fired.

@_date: 2017-07-14 22:59:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Welcome To Anarchast! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <84365e73-2b53-9598-5d6d-3eab837f7e99
 <986aa9a2-af25-0407-a196-752fa40fda1e
 <59653402.4692370a.18459.190e
 <8bc6c6e7-5bd5-8fe0-4c63-fcc1c473a55a
 <5966a011.0533370a.a0380.0d3d
 <5966cc75.8b3eed0a.f2e21.4b72
 <71f11324-f07b-e344-6cd5-60a278ed7318
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-13 13:44:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Welcome To Anarchast! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <84365e73-2b53-9598-5d6d-3eab837f7e99
 <986aa9a2-af25-0407-a196-752fa40fda1e
 <59653402.4692370a.18459.190e
 <8bc6c6e7-5bd5-8fe0-4c63-fcc1c473a55a
 <5966a011.0533370a.a0380.0d3d
 <5966cc75.8b3eed0a.f2e21.4b72
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-12 16:20:10
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Welcome To Anarchast! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <84365e73-2b53-9598-5d6d-3eab837f7e99
 <986aa9a2-af25-0407-a196-752fa40fda1e
 <59653402.4692370a.18459.190e
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-11 15:31:23
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Welcome To Anarchast! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <84365e73-2b53-9598-5d6d-3eab837f7e99
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-18 20:11:31
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: In America, Most Republicans Think Colleges Are Bad for the Country - education, intellect, and  
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20170717012405.GA15068
 <20170717012724.GA15843
 <728dc3a8-f014-236d-0e61-97f407fb0027
 <6DD58E64-ABFC-4112-AFAC-5322C1E1E962
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-23 19:25:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: protocol for high-profile dissenters to leak without being deaded/murdered/killed/eliminated/sho 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20170718011154.GA31420 <20170718025206.GA1474
 <20170723053524.us6bb53tm2zl4h6u
 <3e692643-9f83-d233-403f-f7bc664e4103
 <1f4948e8-e7f7-efc9-bfee-d5beeb036d0f
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-07-24 21:22:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: US Government Propaganda Outlet Funds Electronic Frontier Foundation 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-31 03:45:58
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Wikileaks under attack? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <311ca09c-e413-c642-70df-9f0c07034309
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-28 19:30:18
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Noam Chomsky ***** ***** *** ******* ***** - [ PFKR ] SciAmerican: Google Engineer Fired for Sex 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20170816034506.actqoqfd2xysrqf5
 <253734eb-f155-f4ce-b641-fb757e98b078
 <6f8f4025-ca09-92ba-0783-8808df2dd2b0
 <20170821013556.c2cprrxdqmlvp5rh
 <8e420661-f978-e5b5-2c57-fdce52cc98c6
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-22 22:39:31
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: WiFi-Aware (NAN) 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <599c759f.7125ed0a.993e4.3880
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-04 18:39:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: L4nguage and anonymity 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-01 22:59:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: wont be long 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <9zad2R1Of6zHibTJeUcku7JbeHg4EqCmyokE5f0LsTM42bwb7eFNDtANlpqN352Wp2s4VrUMjBvec35OE7e1dG3VviztiBLhrrSfExx7NMM=
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-01 20:55:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cryptome Archive 2016-1996 Full Index 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-02 23:06:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: the intercept - yet another pentagon propaganda outlet 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-08 01:18:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [pfiir@pfinr.org: [ PFFR ] Google Employee's Anti-Diversity Manifesto Goes 'Internally Viral'] 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20170806053948.w5ygkca5xunxizqq
 <38115188-8ecc-117c-f6a8-7f67037d1591
 <5986de81.54a0370a.6a487.5788
 <1125849079.591256.1502038335802
 <5988dc55.19cc370a.5acec.369f

@_date: 2017-08-06 23:27:23
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [pfiir@pfinr.org: [ PFFR ] Google Employee's Anti-Diversity Manifesto Goes 'Internally Viral'] 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20170806053948.w5ygkca5xunxizqq
 <38115188-8ecc-117c-f6a8-7f67037d1591
 <5986de81.54a0370a.6a487.5788
 <1125849079.591256.1502038335802

@_date: 2017-08-07 01:40:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <4fa2e326-cb0b-7e03-a1a0-a7b03017e1b0
 <4417781d-72ab-a85b-98a7-db591a333128

@_date: 2017-08-05 19:05:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20170804T162323Z
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-05 00:31:59
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <4fa2e326-cb0b-7e03-a1a0-a7b03017e1b0
 <4417781d-72ab-a85b-98a7-db591a333128
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-04 18:18:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <4fa2e326-cb0b-7e03-a1a0-a7b03017e1b0
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-04 03:08:01
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: new idea for random number generation 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-19 19:42:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Daily Stormer Hit From All Sides 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-23 20:54:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The best way to beat an Ashkenazi (White Nationalist edition) 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-20 19:30:24
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The best way to beat an Ashkenazi (White Nationalist edition) 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-08-21 06:40:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Boston Free Speech Rally 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-09-28 18:25:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Pirate Bay, Showtime caught forcing visitors to mine cryptocurrency for them 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References:  <1e9f288c-4004-5c33-b39d-f430e45fd28d
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-09-05 19:38:26
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Inadequacies / Why the 60's failed 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <10735b0e-082b-efc0-b4ec-d6306e84f65c
 <069a0668-ce50-6799-147d-a6703111e533
 <59EC359A-2ADF-4F76-9DE6-A7EBD62241C6
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-09-04 20:06:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Inadequacies / Why the 60's failed 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <10735b0e-082b-efc0-b4ec-d6306e84f65c
 <788680424.2060425.1504481641385
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-09-04 05:15:18
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Inadequacies / Why the 60's failed 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <10735b0e-082b-efc0-b4ec-d6306e84f65c
 <069a0668-ce50-6799-147d-a6703111e533
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-09-04 00:06:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Inadequacies / Why the 60's failed 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <10735b0e-082b-efc0-b4ec-d6306e84f65c
 <788680424.2060425.1504481641385
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-09-03 23:05:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Inadequacies / Why the 60's failed 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-09-02 16:34:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Inadequacies / Why the 60's failed 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 boundary="------------548E2B9C741D5E26AFB08ED0"
Content-Language: en-US
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
 name="class-warfare.jpg"

@_date: 2017-09-19 17:41:41
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Is it still good practice to reinstall everything after you are owned? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20170919113708.GA949
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-09-22 18:20:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re:_Social_Engineering:_YANSS_093_=e2=80=93_The_neuroscie?= =?UTF-8?Q?nce_of_changing_your 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <00c9d531-6f15-cc2c-8a83-98530826043e
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-09-23 07:39:54
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: I'm doing some signing. 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <1672866195.8173207.1506145204354
 <1600450777.8199795.1506145584870
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-09-26 06:43:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Buy Bitcoin NOW. 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <1978801243.9560900.1506361857015
 <2eab0e5d-5922-8c54-e636-c5c049b6515c
 <945440004.9590927.1506363484381
 <8c850b29-9f8a-9c98-71fb-9278e0192fab
 <1118204487.9765777.1506377263619
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-09-25 19:54:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Buy Bitcoin NOW. 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <1978801243.9560900.1506361857015
 <2eab0e5d-5922-8c54-e636-c5c049b6515c
 <945440004.9590927.1506363484381
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-10-30 16:51:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [OT] 17 Science Fiction Books That Forever Changed The Genre 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20171030132221.wne3lhj6pmpk5j3f
 boundary="------------FF2E606DDAB8BF76339285DE"
Content-Language: en-US
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
 name="PKD-Howto.jpg"

@_date: 2017-10-16 16:50:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Not assassination politics, but perhaps getting close? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-10-03 00:21:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: 1984: NYC Secret Surveillance Pylons 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <0e7d4449-f0d8-edbb-5c3a-9d572f034820
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-10-13 14:53:18
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: jimbellproject.org is looking for volunteers 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <698575307.1185238.1507898524952
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-10-18 23:50:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: "CO2 close to lowest levels ever for our planet" 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <050b5516-6418-ee74-6934-d1c6552091cc
 <20171016230245.mzmbuj6pwqdkfpnz
 <20171017203959.kecwqb3tti66apbt
 <59e6acef.cdb51c0a.19139.2129
 <1ebeec29-3217-f5df-1834-e36c63b3950f
 <59e6edb5.c384df0a.11174.0e4b
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-10-18 03:46:31
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: "CO2 close to lowest levels ever for our planet" 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <050b5516-6418-ee74-6934-d1c6552091cc
 <20171016230245.mzmbuj6pwqdkfpnz
 <20171017203959.kecwqb3tti66apbt
 <59e6acef.cdb51c0a.19139.2129
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-10-28 19:05:19
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Using Prediction Markets to Enhance US Intelligence 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-10-29 21:38:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [OT] 17 Science Fiction Books That Forever Changed The Genre 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-11-08 10:26:48
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Orville S1 E7 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <1688042622.2340344.1509734399463
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-11-01 20:58:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Is it still good practice to reinstall everything after you are owned? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <54e15345-e2fa-db37-9730-e742780c539e
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-11-02 18:24:11
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Donald J. Trump Orders Release of JFK Files 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <59fa3256.c8e1500a.cfd4e.acd0
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-11-08 23:47:11
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [OT] [Just For Fun] Conspiracy Theories 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-11-10 02:59:57
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Nexus Earth Conference: Free Society Creating Sovereign Lands 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-12-28 02:28:00
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Current State of Mailing Lists / Forums about Internet Freedom, Security and Privacy? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <7470b07722a34d0768c023abe5eadacd.squirrel
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-12-20 03:04:19
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin=Death Processor (Death Star if you would) 
Looks a little bit OCD now that you mention it.  But who am I to talk?

@_date: 2017-12-17 04:21:42
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How does major malware outbreaks affect antivirus share price? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20171209112213.GA868
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-12-13 03:49:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: quakers - Re: What is consensus? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5a2fc442.0ea6df0a.d3dbc.cac8
 <5a3083e4.55a81c0a.51904.2d6e
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-12-03 20:24:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Enron-type coverups do not typically exist 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-12-12 23:46:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What is consensus? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5a2fc442.0ea6df0a.d3dbc.cac8
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-12-12 07:10:48
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What is consensus? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-12-19 21:57:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Bitcoin=Death Processor (Death Star if you would) 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2017-12-30 00:40:44
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: size of the imperial american nazi government 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20171229170817.4923511C0311
 <5a467e96.4a361c0a.67eb1.1504
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-01-18 00:15:00
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Bad Quaker Field Manual: Sedition, Subversion, Sabotage 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-01-08 01:42:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Personal attacks etc (was Re: USA: National Security Strategy...) 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <6828969d-ed7f-1fc6-f7d3-19f067c4c673
 <611115502.230821.1515055671189
 <4ddddbb1-da8e-a302-a7e2-3c185bbbf08d
 <03340a48-c8dd-b89a-dcac-733a65286c36
 <00d08a09-e236-d030-d838-926d0e201b47
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-01-07 21:04:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Personal attacks etc (was Re: USA: National Security Strategy...) 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <6828969d-ed7f-1fc6-f7d3-19f067c4c673
 <611115502.230821.1515055671189
 <4ddddbb1-da8e-a302-a7e2-3c185bbbf08d
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-01-09 04:14:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: [cryptome] Fire & Fury pdf 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 boundary="------------49BCAFF3F5675E836BAEDB7E"
Content-Language: en-US
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
 name="rotflMAO.png"

@_date: 2018-01-10 00:00:01
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Personnel attacks, etc. 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <647bca43-e19a-a9b7-ee7f-b1c4a3c58073
 <0ea76ae5-d4c2-65d8-df48-0339d154a906
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-01-09 05:02:34
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Personnel attacks, etc. 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-01-09 04:31:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [cryptome] Fire & Fury pdf 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <92548F1B-9C41-4DD1-83F2-3237207BBAFF
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-01-19 00:41:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Project Veritas: Social Media Stores Everything You Post Forever 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20180117094506.GB1056
 <9e8259e1-5536-c86d-623a-d8caceeaf299
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-01-19 00:13:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Project Veritas: Social Media Stores Everything You Post Forever 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20180117094506.GB1056
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-01-30 20:13:47
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: "Data Detox Kit" by Tactical Technology Collective & Mozilla 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5a6e66b3.01da1c0a.ae71d.bd07
 <562c0b46-0fc1-8729-04a0-5ac007d47cc8
 <5a6fdf54.4eb9df0a.acc89.61f1
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-01-29 21:48:47
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: "Data Detox Kit" by Tactical Technology Collective & Mozilla 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5a6e66b3.01da1c0a.ae71d.bd07
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-02-13 09:25:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: PRESIDENTIAL POORTRAIT 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 boundary="------------4484EA7E34FF8EB0DD1429FA"
Content-Language: en-US
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
 name="Suckers.2.SMALL.png"

@_date: 2018-02-13 08:50:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: PRESIDENTIAL POORTRAIT 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 boundary="------------E13BDD3C896FEEF523C59F23"
Content-Language: en-US
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
 name="menwith hill plus spies.png"

@_date: 2018-02-24 02:29:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: My sex life is personal, private, and confidential 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-03-18 04:19:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What everyone is saying about mobile OS security is wrong 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-03-11 22:04:24
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: alex jones 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-03-22 20:35:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Flaws in AMD CPUs. 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <868716433.389897.1521042026129
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-03-16 01:54:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Attn: Image Posting... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20180315163125.A89F611C0379
 <20180315170458.GF1141
 <837a923a-d403-f27c-e1f5-764f79db9399
 <5aaaf861.10afdf0a.54669.8f28
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-03-15 21:32:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Attn: Image Posting... 
Postscript:  True paranoiacs can download the image with wget and pick
it apart at their leisure.  Just tested that using the short URL above.

@_date: 2018-03-15 21:20:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Attn: Image Posting... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20180315163125.A89F611C0379
 <20180315170458.GF1141
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-04-18 23:09:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Ayn Rand - First Interview 1959 (Full) 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5ad121e0.958b1c0a.f0cb2.7df1
 <5ad23732.14a1df0a.ef44c.2de5
 <676ae620-c310-b63e-ae35-bbd97593ad80
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-04-17 01:12:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re:_=e2=80=9cglass_half_full=e2=80=9d_perception_memes_ft?= =?UTF-8?Q?w?= 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20180417001319.qbnua6oz5hvpnmes
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-04-09 04:57:18
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Big Brother Rolling Out Beastmarking Disenfranchisement And More Worldwide / India Up 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-04-04 20:51:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re:_Fwd:_Pursuance's_Progress:_Updates_Galore!_?= =?UTF-8?B?8J+SpQ==?= 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20180403213836.CEB9711C036D
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-04-11 05:24:01
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Just how complete is censorship in the western cesspool? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <1f51a2e6-95a3-251b-489a-47084d06b82b
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-04-11 03:37:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Just how complete is censorship in the western cesspool? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-04-14 19:47:30
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Ayn Rand - First Interview 1959 (Full) 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5ad121e0.958b1c0a.f0cb2.7df1
 <5ad23732.14a1df0a.ef44c.2de5
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-04-21 08:36:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Google prepares publishers for the release of Chrome ad-blocking 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5ada5c4a.0f7f630a.177be.f1c7
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-04-24 19:22:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Interview: Frank Herbert - Saviors and Political Animals 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-17 05:30:09
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: EFail - OpenPGP S/MIME Vulnerability 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <816a1ab0-0f2e-dabd-d9b3-d0023d14fac5
 <5afcd502.1c69fb81.e7af1.4b6c
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-15 03:45:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: TPC: Totally Protected Comms vs. The Perfect Crime 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-03 05:43:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Chicago Deploying Police State Drones, NSA 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-03 04:20:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: War On Privacy: Govt's Trolling DNA Of Millions, Prepare For Abuse 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-15 03:42:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: BriarProject Messaging 1.0 Released 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5af4b7aa.1c69fb81.8c765.2dd6
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-11 03:33:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: BriarProject Messaging 1.0 Released 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5af4b7aa.1c69fb81.8c765.2dd6
 <5af4f05f.1c69fb81.50ee7.db46
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-10 23:00:09
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: BriarProject Messaging 1.0 Released 
Heh.  I just noticed a couple of flaws a.k.a. major oversimplifications
in the above model.  Again, left as an exercise.  :D

@_date: 2018-05-10 22:56:24
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: BriarProject Messaging 1.0 Released 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5af4b7aa.1c69fb81.8c765.2dd6
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-03 04:26:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Chicago Deploying Police State Drones, NSA 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-16 05:52:12
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: EFail - OpenPGP S/MIME Vulnerability 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-14 21:40:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: EFail - OpenPGP S/MIME Vulnerability 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-15 20:36:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Haven - Android Physical Space Monitor 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5afb3209.1c69fb81.c0248.64dc
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-05-18 04:41:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: hey grarpamp, got a quote from your friend perry metzeer. 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-06-22 23:20:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: An IBM computer rapes humans, and grins... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-06-14 19:32:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Fwd: Stanford Liberationtech Needs Your Help 
from Yosem Companys  :
Hi All,
The Program on Liberation Technologies at Stanford University (LT) has
been going strong since circa 2006. Since then, LT has helped thousands
design, use, and research technologies that foster the public good.
Recently, the decision was made to spin off LT as an independent entity.
I'm one of the people tasked with doing so. Here are LT's major needs:
    Recruit people to develop a new website, logo, and graphics.
    Identify a legal jurisdiction with strong security and privacy laws
and regulations and a server provider with a stellar reputation at
protecting user security and privacy to host the site.
    Determine whether to maintain LT's mailing lists on Mailman or to
transition them to a content management system (e.g., Discourse.org).
    Assess the best legal structure for LT (e.g., digital cooperative).
Any ideas? Thanks for your help and advice.
P.S. I'm sending this email on behalf LT's co-founders and not Stanford

@_date: 2018-06-02 05:26:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: New article by me: Oxford Union censorship 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-06-09 19:45:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Reality Winner: Still Jailed in Fubar System Podcast 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5b1c2aff.1c69fb81.7d7f1.03ad
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-06-09 15:00:37
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Reality Winner: Still Jailed in Fubar System Podcast 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-06-14 16:35:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Are the interwebz rather big for google to index? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-07-01 06:58:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Parazite: Still Going... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-07-06 03:39:06
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: We must preserve the Cypherpunks Mailing List archives! IMPORTANT! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References:  <5b3ea693.1c69fb81.fb19a.7dcb
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-07-24 04:14:47
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [TOUGH QUESTIONS] State or individual - which should be master? - Zerowedgie 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20180723020318.3b4oqol32tk2o5js
 <5b563c65.1c69fb81.dfbb9.dfe0
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-07-27 02:58:31
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How tech's richest plan to save themselves after the apocalypse 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-26 20:48:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Ghostscript: Multiple arbitrary code execution vulns 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-06 18:56:12
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: AP deconstructed: Why it has not happened yet, and will not 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-06 04:35:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: AP deconstructed: Why it has not happened yet, and will not 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-14 00:35:34
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Peak-a-bo 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-31 00:06:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: I am a criminal 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <58f97f73-c87e-9cf5-c23a-536fdbaa313b
 <92e0ac16-c73b-9b77-434f-ae821d8126b9
 <229e5c91-52d7-7141-5fe1-3aeea4fdd29b
 <2e1868c0-ca6d-76fd-7bbe-57d248ffec47
 <5b887a0e.1c69fb81.4e022.c873
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-30 23:04:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: I am a criminal 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <58f97f73-c87e-9cf5-c23a-536fdbaa313b
 <92e0ac16-c73b-9b77-434f-ae821d8126b9
 <229e5c91-52d7-7141-5fe1-3aeea4fdd29b
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-30 19:51:18
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: I am a criminal 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <58f97f73-c87e-9cf5-c23a-536fdbaa313b
 <92e0ac16-c73b-9b77-434f-ae821d8126b9
 <229e5c91-52d7-7141-5fe1-3aeea4fdd29b
 <5b884203.1c69fb81.624e.8f77
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-30 14:13:51
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: I am a criminal 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <58f97f73-c87e-9cf5-c23a-536fdbaa313b
 <92e0ac16-c73b-9b77-434f-ae821d8126b9
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-30 04:12:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: I am a criminal 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <58f97f73-c87e-9cf5-c23a-536fdbaa313b
 <92e0ac16-c73b-9b77-434f-ae821d8126b9
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-29 23:32:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: I am a criminal 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-29 21:30:01
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: I am a criminal 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-29 03:25:31
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: I am a criminal 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <6862038d-bd9b-de0f-e6b7-3a43312ac468
 <5da67549-10b0-de2a-ce3c-4a5651aae608
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-08-29 02:56:18
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: I am a criminal 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-09-27 05:05:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: After Mysterious Closure, Solar Observatory In New Mexico Reopens 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-09-20 16:11:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: root "login" xterm to increase security? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20180913095839.y6vamxbjqdy2rsd6
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-09-06 06:30:40
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Internet fights back, Providers Sellout, 3D Gunbooks For Sale 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-09-06 02:23:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [PEACE] Juice Media - Australia's Northern Territory fracking, is SAFE [MINISTRY] 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20180831053754.hthsmcxnprbqzokz
 <6579fbc8-24bb-b339-e7aa-de72e1f52ba8
 <20180831110857.6vrgtlzfyuzyip3m
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-09-10 16:45:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <1e5a8098-d8fb-329c-dab1-1c68d5909432
 <5b9590db.1c69fb81.a484b.1898
 <2494c4ff-20b6-7f37-85f4-093d28705d30
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-09-10 02:50:40
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <1e5a8098-d8fb-329c-dab1-1c68d5909432
 <5b9590db.1c69fb81.a484b.1898
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-09-09 03:02:01
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: latest false flag attack? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-09-11 07:42:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Alice and Bob 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-10-25 00:33:57
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: on freedom - Re: [WAR] - Re: (53) Gaddafi's Prophecy, 2011 - "Europe will turn black" - YouTube 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20171226090416.ojvayyem7iqftusb
 <20181024040912.qiptg3747aqgcbjd
 <5bd0b083.1c69fb81.c4c1c.59cd
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-10-14 18:27:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Police told to avoid looking at iphone x 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <101849176.9530314.1539502407417
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-10-09 19:58:18
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: the defining character of the modern white male: fear - [PEACE] 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-10-14 00:35:09
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Media Write Protection / Crypto Devices / BadUSB - #OpenFabs #OpenHW 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-10-23 21:05:09
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Yet another reason to call him #$%& Re: yet another reason... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <15a22ff5-c1b4-610f-5b7a-ba5fc8168883
 <871da30a-1ef4-6233-5930-7c0e96bf9500
 <5bcd01c1.1c69fb81.373d3.0f27
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-10-20 19:12:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Yet another reason to call him #$%& Re: yet another reason... 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <15a22ff5-c1b4-610f-5b7a-ba5fc8168883
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-10-26 21:17:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Assassination Of Donald Trump 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-30 21:58:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Forgotten Story of the Julian Assange of the 1970s 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <1690686963.8150898.1543470482330
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-01 17:07:41
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: End of the Deep State 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-02 20:55:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: 1. Freedom Makes People Smarter - homeschooling 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5bdb6d4a.1c69fb81.c69bd.dddf
 <921586ac-4cdb-063a-0167-c48fae2e276b
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-02 20:48:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: 1. Freedom Makes People Smarter - homeschooling 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5bdb6d4a.1c69fb81.c69bd.dddf
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-14 07:47:05
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Nigerian 404: Google not found, Internet wobbly 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-15 04:24:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: of elephants and men 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <7054AE35-183D-4E5A-A90C-AB3FB428B4D1
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-15 04:08:26
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: of elephants and men 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <7054AE35-183D-4E5A-A90C-AB3FB428B4D1
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-21 07:49:31
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: of elephants and men, and scumbags 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <7054AE35-183D-4E5A-A90C-AB3FB428B4D1
 <986dfbe0-b353-9163-daf7-f148b221faa5
 <7f33240b-5988-0039-211c-110aec02e3ac
 <42DA7AE3-6EF0-4055-97DE-C2D670C49F75
 <5bf0f59d.1c69fb81.1bb4e.e174
 <075d1b45-4265-39f6-4ae9-36584a16f11f
 <5bf340ab.1c69fb81.26029.64b3
 <9946719a-6b01-ded0-ac6e-38436b0563b8
 <45B1CDBD-22DC-48EE-A81A-01A61C69BABF
 <813451889.3761852.1542749471630
 <4d553f50-e9f6-fcd1-ae8c-9a1808d86a47
 <5bf4d39b.1c69fb81.c4d3e.e0cc
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-21 02:51:38
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: of elephants and men, and scumbags 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <7054AE35-183D-4E5A-A90C-AB3FB428B4D1
 <986dfbe0-b353-9163-daf7-f148b221faa5
 <7f33240b-5988-0039-211c-110aec02e3ac
 <42DA7AE3-6EF0-4055-97DE-C2D670C49F75
 <5bf0f59d.1c69fb81.1bb4e.e174
 <075d1b45-4265-39f6-4ae9-36584a16f11f
 <5bf340ab.1c69fb81.26029.64b3
 <9946719a-6b01-ded0-ac6e-38436b0563b8
 <45B1CDBD-22DC-48EE-A81A-01A61C69BABF
 <813451889.3761852.1542749471630
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-20 06:54:19
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: of elephants and men, and scumbags 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <7054AE35-183D-4E5A-A90C-AB3FB428B4D1
 <986dfbe0-b353-9163-daf7-f148b221faa5
 <7f33240b-5988-0039-211c-110aec02e3ac
 <42DA7AE3-6EF0-4055-97DE-C2D670C49F75
 <5bf0f59d.1c69fb81.1bb4e.e174
 <075d1b45-4265-39f6-4ae9-36584a16f11f
 <5bf340ab.1c69fb81.26029.64b3
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-19 20:20:38
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: of elephants and men, and scumbags 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <7054AE35-183D-4E5A-A90C-AB3FB428B4D1
 <986dfbe0-b353-9163-daf7-f148b221faa5
 <7f33240b-5988-0039-211c-110aec02e3ac
 <42DA7AE3-6EF0-4055-97DE-C2D670C49F75
 <5bf0f59d.1c69fb81.1bb4e.e174
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-24 21:26:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: BBC News: NovaSAR: UK radar satellite returns first images 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <2076467828.5481316.1543082423339
 <5bf99d60.1c69fb81.aac5b.f463
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-30 08:01:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange Journalism 
Supplementary Insider Threat dox, hosted by JYA:
Intimately related, from Julian Assange -
also hosted by JYA:
Insider access and exfiltration is the true "universal decryption key."
Even benchtop Quantum Computing, anticipated here in 1992...
... will not crack large one time pads.  OTPs are still used for
materials considered "worth the trouble" of really locking down.
The more things change, the more they don't.
"Let a thousand flowers bloom."
- Mao Tse Tung

@_date: 2018-11-30 00:27:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange Journalism 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5bfc5200.1c69fb81.814cf.7fb9
 <5bfcb947.1c69fb81.a6625.433c
 <0df0024c-59a5-8fda-82e9-270a04f38d3c
 <5bff6d7c.1c69fb81.5af47.238a
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-29 00:37:59
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange Journalism 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5bfc5200.1c69fb81.814cf.7fb9
 <5bfcb947.1c69fb81.a6625.433c
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-26 22:48:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange Journalism 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5bfc5200.1c69fb81.814cf.7fb9
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-11-26 05:01:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange Journalism 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-12-19 19:32:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Facebook non-secrecy. 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <67451373.6623154.1545212431496
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-12-09 00:26:46
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange Journalism 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5bfc5200.1c69fb81.814cf.7fb9
 <5bfcb947.1c69fb81.a6625.433c
 <0df0024c-59a5-8fda-82e9-270a04f38d3c
 <5c0b4dcf.1c69fb81.9b63e.3f30
 <5c0c2c13.1c69fb81.55aa4.79d6
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-12-08 18:44:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Assange Journalism 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5bfc5200.1c69fb81.814cf.7fb9
 <5bfcb947.1c69fb81.a6625.433c
 <0df0024c-59a5-8fda-82e9-270a04f38d3c
 <5c0b4dcf.1c69fb81.9b63e.3f30
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-12-06 00:47:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: snowden and the billionaire monkeys on our back 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-12-06 23:09:56
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Scientific American: Is the U.S. Lagging in the Quest for Quantum Computing? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <2006828851.3026338.1544118901784.ref
 <2006828851.3026338.1544118901784
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-12-21 20:02:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: how to use mobile phone GPS without a SIM card? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5c1d2eb7.1c69fb81.64e9b.1bde
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-12-24 20:16:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: USA colleges rejuvenating: Appeals Court: Colleges Must Censor, Block Online Services If They Of 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20181222083531.wudspjvu2solfbly
 <822235460.8164957.1545469341232
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-12-22 19:19:41
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: USA colleges rejuvenating: Appeals Court: Colleges Must Censor, Block Online Services If They Of 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <20181222083531.wudspjvu2solfbly
 <822235460.8164957.1545469341232
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2018-12-31 04:22:27
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Global Elections 2020: John McAfee - Open Call For Do'ers 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-01-28 21:49:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Apollo 11, Govt Drone Shaming, Censors, Bio Hacking, Energy 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <833de58b-b7c0-0d46-5015-2b3799923e52
 <18671e23-9a1c-721d-e15c-8293628fee37
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-01-28 06:29:04
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Happy birthday, NIA! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-01-01 23:46:47
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Where is Coderman? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-01-04 21:18:32
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Privacy -focused Proton Mail is Full of Niggers and jews 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-01-07 19:50:47
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Apple Talks Shit About Privacy at CES 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-01-07 01:59:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How Feminism, aka worthless feminazi scum is funded 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-01-22 23:11:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Dropgang vulnerabilities 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-01-26 21:46:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: APNewsBreak: Undercover agents target cybersecurity watchdog 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-01-28 06:59:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Apollo 11, Govt Drone Shaming, Censors, Bio Hacking, Energy 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-02-15 04:52:52
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Vermont legislator proposing a law that bans code instructions on how to create firearms 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <78e863b8-aef3-936c-6f19-f6040178f6f7
 <1313306f-8921-34cf-0f42-7bccfa85d0df
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-02-20 02:50:54
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Scientific perfection and Scientific debates 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-02-24 20:27:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: How to achieve 1 meter accuracy with Android Was: Re: Dropgang vulnerabilities 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <447ac89f-b057-191d-9276-ac8b37711b9b
 <21112dbf-bd5d-daf4-a8bd-94c30303d900
 <389306035.2221589.1548228446583
 <1266556160.4276246.1550991669910
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-02-27 19:29:59
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Riseup blocks Gmail 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-03-31 21:37:25
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: CNBC: Zuckerberg backs stronger Internet privacy and election laws: 'We need a more active role  
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <1200635858.14048495.1554052112274.ref
 <1200635858.14048495.1554052112274
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-03-25 19:48:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The US government is involved in black magic 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-03-25 18:56:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: What do you think happened here? 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <3388ad76-d1e5-af70-cebc-4c8a251603f0
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-03-06 01:54:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The NSA Has Apparently Stopped the Domestic Surveillance Program Snowden Exposed - Hit & Run : R 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <766839037.9943384.1551828470152.ref
 <766839037.9943384.1551828470152
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-03-30 00:22:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Libertarian As Conservative 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20190327231251.833EED246A301
 <834b633d-e3d4-d4de-e129-866b98e01f64
 <20190329000807.6E4D8D551585B
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-03-27 23:27:34
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Libertarian As Conservative 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20190327231251.833EED246A301
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-03-27 23:24:48
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Libertarian As Conservative 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20190327182131.90453D1A87202
 <20190327195900.1520AD1DFDC85
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-03-27 19:41:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Libertarian As Conservative 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20190327182131.90453D1A87202
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-03-26 23:06:03
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The Libertarian As Conservative 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-21 07:56:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: All that fuss and bother about Mendax 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-12 20:52:11
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Internet Archive Labeled Terrorist, Political Takedown Pending 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-08 19:19:12
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Linus Torvalds Comes Out Blatant Censor's Advocate, Anti Privacy/Anonymity 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References:  <2d3af9b2-3e0b-b5cd-2210-cb2e21c80ca8
 <549910ED-F8C0-4DBD-B725-A79BE7B4C85B
 <78d959ea-6c3d-7d14-add7-656d70c15096
 <20190407203200.831CFEF6A1ED1
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-07 04:04:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Linus Torvalds Comes Out Blatant Censor's Advocate, Anti Privacy/Anonymity 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References:  <2d3af9b2-3e0b-b5cd-2210-cb2e21c80ca8
 <549910ED-F8C0-4DBD-B725-A79BE7B4C85B
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-07 03:02:36
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Censorship: Linus Torvalds Comes Out Blatant Censor's Advocate, Anti Privacy/Anonymity 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-06 19:42:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Facebook Censorship? I'm banned right now! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-11 09:36:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: AnarchoPunk Update 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20190410195923.5F272F70D75BD
 <20190411002519.91F06F79D9C4C
 <20190411033543.87C4CF8028E31
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-11 01:24:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: AnarchoPunk Update 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20190410195923.5F272F70D75BD
 <20190411002519.91F06F79D9C4C
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-10 23:02:02
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: AnarchoPunk Update 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20190410195923.5F272F70D75BD
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-21 05:55:12
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: My second Facebook thoughtcrime in two weeks! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20190419053557.0BA7FD31E93E
 <65a919de-cac2-7574-9574-248c82a5bf7e
 <20190420190201.73CE41145A4CD
 <38c4e20c-2cb5-f35a-ca90-a53bd5008c33
 <20190421014003.B106111FFF6D2
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-20 22:11:53
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: My second Facebook thoughtcrime in two weeks! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20190419053557.0BA7FD31E93E
 <65a919de-cac2-7574-9574-248c82a5bf7e
 <20190420190201.73CE41145A4CD
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-19 05:59:08
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: My second Facebook thoughtcrime in two weeks! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <20190419053557.0BA7FD31E93E
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-18 04:42:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: My second Facebook thoughtcrime in two weeks! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <0ee6f4d1-83ea-38bb-9508-231690e634dc
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-18 03:09:17
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: My second Facebook thoughtcrime in two weeks! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-04-21 03:45:15
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: clockwork statist propaganda was : Re: My second Facebook thoughtcrime in two weeks! 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <7861c214-3242-7b44-38ab-0ec42531a897
 <20190419053557.0BA7FD31E93E
 <65a919de-cac2-7574-9574-248c82a5bf7e
 <20190420190201.73CE41145A4CD
 <38c4e20c-2cb5-f35a-ca90-a53bd5008c33
 <20190421014949.B7A2412040F64
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-05-18 02:41:35
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: EMP missile 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <1664179286.1483255.1558045138619
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-05-12 14:47:46
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Former US intel analyst arrested for leaking DroneWar dox 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <2112542733.3009922.1557636296300
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-05-09 16:47:21
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: No one is obligated to participate in the investigation against me 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-05-02 16:40:14
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Happy World Password Day!!! :D 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-05-12 04:09:40
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Former US intel analyst arrested for leaking DroneWar dox 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-05-12 03:57:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Former US intel analyst arrested for leaking DroneWar dox 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-05-14 02:32:39
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: OFFTOPIC: physics question 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <5312133f-41b9-df06-8003-3ef2723e5ce0
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-05-13 15:59:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: OFFTOPIC: physics question 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-05-24 14:16:49
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fundamentals of Anglophonic Common Law 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-05-23 17:24:22
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Fundamentals of Anglophonic Common Law 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-06-30 23:37:29
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Social media services support account spoofing 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-06-03 21:31:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Autonomous Next Generation Leaks 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-06-27 16:19:55
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The US government lacks legitimacy and credibility 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-07-05 15:34:01
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Trump accused of obstruction of justice (was: Re: What does it mean to participate in society? ) 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References:  <843617328.2043233.1562311107926
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-07-03 16:05:44
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: wikipedia article deleted by [FEMINAZI SCUM] - also disappears from archive.org-NSA 
I could not help noticing the belligerent, authoritarian tone of that
Punk's commentary.  Indeed, I do not recall seeing a post under the
"Punk" signature that did not include plenty of same.
Authoritarian regimes agree:  Anarchism causes them nothing but trouble.
 Efforts to eradicate anarchism present as the longest running examples
of classic political warfare in modern times, continuously adapting to
changes in society and technology.
State sponsored propagandists work at scrubbing anarchism out of history
and popular culture, replacing it with their own alternative theory and
practice of infantile, narcissistic and completely self defeating
pseudo-anarchism.  This regimen of black propaganda continuously
recruits and develops enough unwitting State political warfare assets to
significantly degrade the performance of grass roots political
Radical organizers and facilitators develop strategies and skill sets to
contain and control the antics of weaponized pseudo-anarchists in public
meetings and on the street.  A mature, stable activist community does
spontaneous, organic triage on disruptive pseudo-anarchsits when they
show up, educating and assimilating as many as possible but eventually
ejecting those who present as pathological and non-recoverable.
Anarchism does not mean "Fuck you, I do what I want!"  That's across the
street, under the Fascism sign.
Then what DOES anarchism mean?  Get lots of major clues here:

@_date: 2019-07-14 19:58:10
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Area 51: 1M to Storm Area 51 in Massive Naruto Run to See Them Aliens 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-08-22 19:43:43
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The cultural turn in intelligence studies 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
 <82db4a2d-56d8-eca7-a997-421e14bc540e
 <862132906.348557.1566427845156
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-08-20 19:25:45
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: The cultural turn in intelligence studies 
My small contribution comes in at only 1400 words:
The Prisoner: An Introduction
The Prisoner is one of the most iconic and surrealistic, if not
psychedelic, products of the 1960s "golden age" of television.  An angry
secret agent returns home from hand delivering his letter of
resignation, when he is immediately gassed by an undertaker in top hat
and tails.  He regains consciousness in his own bed but when he looks
out his window he discovers that he is no longer home at all:  He is in
The Village, a deceptively idyllic holiday resort that is actually a
high tech prison for spies.  At once the games begin.
In The Village, people are known by numbers, not names.  Our abducted
protagonist is Number 6.  The commander in chief of The Village is
Number 2 - a post occupied by a series of individuals, most of whom have
one principal job:  To psychologically break Number 6, in order learn
all he knows beginning with why he resigned - and, if possible, to
recruit him into whatever service operates The Village.  Who, or in Cold
War parlance "which side," runs The Village?  What makes Number 6 so
important to them?  Among the residents of The Village, "Who are the
prisoners, and who the warders?"  Direct or final answers are rarely found.
Since its release in 1967/68 the Prisoner has been addressed in
documentaries, books and a large volume of fan literature, examining
every aspect of the series in detail.  International fan clubs are still
active today:  Six Of One ("The Prisoner Appreciation Society") hosts an
annual convention at Portmeirion, the Welsh resort where the series was
filmed.  Why do these 17 hours of enigmatic television have such durable
appeal?  Where does The Prisoner hook into our gut instincts and
cultural zeitgeist?
The Prisoner is a product of its times:  During the Cold War spies,
conspiracies and covert operations were among the principal weapons of
East and West.  Along with the deployment of large clandestine services
by the Superpowers, Western popular culture was inundated with spy
propaganda in the form of books, movies and TV shows glamorizing spies
as real-life superheroes.  Ian Fleming, a former OSS officer who worked
with the founders of MI-5 and the CIA, led the charge with his best
selling James Bond novels.  In short order spy fiction became a hugely
popular and profitable genre in television and motion pictures.
Prior to this media barrage, espionage was generally considered a
disreputable trade - a dishonest, dishonorable and even cowardly
approach to warfare.  The spy fiction of the Cold War era turned the
public image of the clandestine services all the way around - no expense
was spared in presenting espionage as a daring, heroic and altogether
admirable business, and the public responded enthusiastically.  This
glamorous image lasted into the 1970s, when public disclosure of
programs like COINTELPRO, the Phoenix Program and first hand accounts of
CIA field work by Phil Agee and others shattered the illusion.
The Prisoner has a lesser known back story:  In 1960, British TV
producer Ralph Smart created a spy series, Danger Man, starring Patrick
McGoohan as John Drake.  In each half hour episode Drake, a spy of
deliberately ambiguous nationality working for NATO, was dispatched on a
new international assignment.  Drake's doings were much more realistic
than Bond's - his assignments included counter-espionage, political
interventions in post-colonial nations, and some missions bordering on
international law enforcement.  He battled no super-villains, seduced no
glamorous women, and always preferred strategic deception to
ultra-violence:  "I never carry a gun.  They're noisy and they hurt
people.  Besides, I do very well without."
Only one season of the Danger Man series was produced for the British
domestic market.  The show did well in the UK and became very popular in
the U.S. where it was titled Secret Agent, with Johnny Rivers singing
the title theme Secret Agent Man,  on the U.S. pop charts.  McGoohan
became a hot media property:  In 1962, he turned down an offer from Eon
Productions to star in Dr. No, the first James Bond film; this was Sean
Connery's big break.
After a two year hiatus, two more seasons of Danger Man were produced
for international distribution.  The revived series clearly identified
Drake as a British intelligence officer working for M6, a fictional
British agency.  Its one hour format allowed more complex stories and
some development of the Drake character, including elements of moral
ambiguity and substantial friction and resentment between Drake and his
employers.  Critics and the public loved it.  A 4th series was abandoned
after only two episodes were produced, for reasons that remain unclear.
 McGoohan and Danger Man script editor George Markstein already had a
new project in mind: The Prisoner.
To avoid licensing issues - and promote the mystique of the new series -
McGoohan and the production staff for The Prisoner always pointedly
denied that Number 6 was John Drake.  But if our Number 6 was anyone
else, Drake must have had a twin with identical attitudes, personality
and occupational experience.  Why did Drake resign from M6, and why was
this question the constant theme of attempts by his captors to break him
down?  If I told you I would have to kill you.  We are advised that
"questions are a burden to others, answers a prison for oneself."
Many viewers were disappointed by The Prisoner's two-part series
conclusion, Once Upon A Time and Fall Out:  Even compared to the other
Prisoner episodes they are rather bizarre.  Those who know what the word
"allegory" means won't be disappointed, if they are in a mood for a
story told in a series of events that point toward psychological,
political and perhaps even autobiographical paths to the solution of
Drake's enigma.  At the end of the final episode, the closing credits
show that Number 6 was played by "The Prisoner" rather than Patrick
McGoohan.  I have my own suspicions about this final touch of quirky
humor, but "a still tongue makes a happy life."
Both The Prisoner and Danger Man are available as commercial DVD sets
and, of course, via covert channels on the usual networks.
Be seeing you!
A note from your Citizen's Advice Bureau:
Unsolved mysteries in The Prisoner include the correct sequence of the
episodes:  They were produced out of order for logistical reasons, and
delays in production interrupted the series' original broadcast run.
The first episode and the final two are obviously in their right places,
but the rest?  Detailed analysis of the content of the episodes
themselves provides some clues, and this order from a project published
by Six Of One is very satisfactory:
01 - Arrival
02 - Dance Of The Dead
03 - Free For All
04 - The Chimes Of Big Ben
05 - Checkmate
06 - The General
07 - A B & C
08 - The Schizoid Man
09 - Many Happy Returns
10 - Living In Harmony
11 - A Change Of Mind
12 - Hammer Into Anvil
13 - Do Not Forsake Me Oh My Darling
14 - It's Your Funeral
15 - The Girl Who Was Death
16 - Once Upon A Time
17 - Fallout - Series Finale
Prior acquaintance with John Drake enables us to view The Prisoner in
its native context.  These episodes of Danger Man provide a well rounded
introduction to the fictional man behind the famous number:
Episode 52 - That's Two Of Us Sorry:  Drake investigates a theft of
nuclear research secrets that leads him into morally hazardous human
Episode 54 - Whatever Happened to George Foster:  Drake catches a
respected NGO doing dirty politics in Latin America, leading to a
personal war against Establishment adversaries at home.
Episode 57 - The Ubiquitous Mr. Lovegrove:  Foreshadowing the surrealism
of The Prisoner, Drake battles a hostile spy ring's recruitment front
while slightly out of his mind.
Episode 58 - It's Up To The Lady:  A realistic spy story about
retrieving a defector by using his wife for leverage, with a
too-realistic twist.
Episode 70 - The English Lady Takes Lodgers:  Sometimes a spy yarn is
only a spy yarn, and sometimes Drake's occupation permits him to play
the perfect knight.
Episode 74, To Our Best Friend:  McGoohan directs this episode which
pits Drake against his employers from beginning to end.
Episode 84 - The Not-So-Jolly Roger:  A conventional period spy story in
a most unconventional period setting:  Filmed on location at Pirate
Radio 390, Red Sands Fort.
(c) Steve Kinney 2014, published under under Creative Commons By-SA-NC

@_date: 2019-09-19 15:37:20
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Facebook Users can now Appeal Freedom of Speech... to Facebook [2x down again] 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-09-09 14:03:33
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: This is BS 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
Content-Language: en-US

@_date: 2019-09-09 15:10:28
@_author: Steve Kinney 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell says: "I got stuck in prison for 13 years and Pamela Anderson didn't visit me ONCE!!!" 
This is an OpenPGP/MIME signed message (RFC 4880 and 3156)
 protected-headers="v1"
References: <169411913.2394040.1567833123621.ref
 <169411913.2394040.1567833123621
 <11871BA1-0129-4B90-8530-D10AC90F1391
 <20190907185946.C4A179DE67F27
Content-Language: en-US
