
@_date: 2007-07-13 03:20:26
@_author: Adolphe Michel 
@_subject: CryptoGraf Messaging v2.0 now on N95, N80, 3250, 5700, E65, 
here's an interesting new app available on the encryption of mobile SMS and MMS, there's also a P2P exchange of public
The key generation is quite cool, you simply select an image (from the
camera phone gallery) as a source of entropy !
I particularly like the SMS
Invite, it really is a more effective way to do mobile advertising.
even a free version which let's you generate just a 1024 bit RSA key, paid
users can generate a 2048 RSA key.
CryptoGraf Company Limited, an
innovative mobile security software firm, today announced the availability of
a significant application upgrade to CryptoGraf Messaging v2.0 which enables
mobile peer to peer business and personal networking with security and
integrity. Positioned for deployment of additional services in partnership
with leading mobile operators and financial institutions, CryptoGraf continues
to raise the bar at delivering usable, secure and cost-effective products for
mobile privacy, banking and commerce.
Jay Busari, CEO of CryptoGraf commented
Early 21st century has now been marked by grim security concerns, but those
concerns have now dominated to the extent of subverting due legal process and
the democratic system of checks and balances. There is a compelling need to go
beyond fear as the driver of policy, decisions and actions.  Several highly
publicized abuses due to broad assertions of authority now affect the privacy
of citizens, activists, journalists, diplomats and businessmen to impact civil
rights and free trade.
CryptoGraf Messaging reconciles conflicting needs in
the face of these provocative security concerns. CryptoGraf is committed to
enabling privacy as a basis of civil rights and to protecting personal
financial information. CryptoGraf Messaging complies with effective EU
anti-terrorism legislation which mandates keeping call records to track
criminal networks...without the need for intrusive wiretapping which can often
be misused for politically partisan purposes or for economic gain. Jay Busari
There is an acute awareness among mobile device users of the
increased amount of theft and loss of devices. Several youth also realise the
value of keeping their personal communications away from prying eyes. With
CryptoGraf Messaging, users need not worry about loss of important business or
personal communications on their handsets.
Users can also send an SMS based
Invite so their contacts can download CryptoGraf Messaging v2.0 over the air
and use the Free Version with no time limit. This SMS based Invite differs
from the current wave of mobile advertising which is often perceived as
unsolicited spam. The SMS based Invite to download and use CryptoGraf
Messaging is more effective since subscribers who initiate the invitation are
well positioned to know that the recipient will accept it as an informative
CryptoGraf Messaging allows users to generate very secure encryption
keys  by selecting an image from their camera phone. Random pixels from the
selected image are used in combination to result in a highly secure encryption
CryptoGraf Messaging v2.0 allows users to send encrypted and digitally
signed SMS and MMS on their mobile smartphones based on the widely available
Symbian platform which include popular handsets like the Nokia N95, E61i and
E65 from among over 50 different models.
The user experience of CryptoGraf
Messaging is simple when encrypting messages to send. The sender simply
composes the message, selects the recipient and presses "sendand CryptoGraf
Messaging automatically encrypts the message with the recipient's public key.
When the message arrives at the recipient's phone, the encrypted message can
only be read when recipient uses CryptoGraf Messaging.  So a Free Version,
with no time limit, is also available for users to correspond with 2 contacts.
Now that's room service!  Choose from over 150,000 hotels
in 45,000
destinations on Yahoo! Travel to find your fit.
