
@_date: 2001-11-21 04:35:42
@_author: 941 
@_subject: Advertising On Your Site 
Please direct to owner of I have not heard back from you. I sent you an email on November 14th and have received no response. I am interested in advertising on your site.
Below you'll see that I've attached my original email explaining how I think we can both benefit from doing business together.
Please let me know if you are interested or not. More information on what I am proposing can be found at  -or- you can read below for further information.
J.R. Rogers
Activex America, Inc.
(941) 778 2155
I have visited your website,  and see that you have information on Cetyl-Myristoleate. Just so you know, I found you in the top listings of AltaVista.
My name is Ryan Allis and I am the Vice President of Marketing for Activex America, Inc.
Activex America, Inc. manufactures, wholesales, and retails Syn-flex and Syn-flex for your pet, a high-quality liquid Glucosamine and Chondroitin arthritis treatment that stops inflammation, ends joint pain fast, rebuilds damaged cartilage, and halts the progression of Osteoarthritis in both humans and pets without any of the side effects and dangers associated with COX-2 inhibitors, NSAIDS, and surgery.
I would like to propose a partnership between your website and Activex America. Essentially, we would pay you a fee for linking to our website (on a monthly basis).
I have set up a site with full information at  -or- you can read on to learn more.
Syn-flex is formulated with Pharmaceutical Grade Liquid Glucosamine Sulfate and HCL, Chondroitin, Boswellin, Shark Cartilage, Yucca powder, Ascorbate, Manganese, Bromelaine, Vitamins A, C, E, Omega 3 and Omega 6. In the past two years of testing, our customers have had tremendous results. It not only ends Arthritis pain fast, but goes to straight to work fighting the disease and rebuilding the damaged cartilage. We attribute this success to the very high-grade glucosamine and the unique combination of the eleven other ingredients that are present. We are confident Syn-flex is superior to any Glucosamine product on the market. We are now launching Syn-flex to the worldwide market. To spread the word, we have an affiliate program in place that pays commission to those who lead visitors to our site. Because of the fact you already have visitors going to your site to learn about treating their arthritis, I wanted to extend to you the ability to become an affiliate partner and have us pay you for linking to us. We will pay you for either promoting Syn-flex through your site or simply recommending our information on Arthritis.
While we have a considerable distribution network, our main retail outlet is our website. On the site, Syn-flex is sold for $29.95 and honestly, it is selling so fast we are currently manufacturing 10,000 bottles per week.
Even if you sell your own product on your site, Syn-flex could be the perfect "backend" or complimentary product that guarantees steady, additional cash flow for you. You just lead visitors to our site through banners, text links, newsletter articles, signature files etc. and we pay you. You make the money when the visitor from your site purchases Syn-flex or Syn-flex for your pets (1:33 visitor/sale conversion). Our advanced affiliate software keeps track of all commissions you are due. Even if a customer does not buy for another week, month, or year you still receive credit for each and every purchase online, by phone, by fax, or by mail. We pay you $6.00 for each bottle purchased. Important: Since Syn-flex is purchased monthly you receive recurring payments every month (not just once) from each customer (9 out of 10 of our customers who buy once, buy again and again). By only sending us three or four visitors a day by the end of a year, on average, we will be sending you a $252 check each month. Send us 20 visitors per day and after one year we'll, on average, send you a check for $1400 each month (which continues to grow).
It takes three minutes to sign up and five to place a link on your site. Once this is done you do not have to do another thing and on the first of each month we will mail you a check (of course you could do a little promoting like writing a recommendation or an article in a newsletter if you really want sales to skyrocket). All the tracking is done by our software.
Once a partner, you can check to see how you are doing any time you like by visiting our special Affiliate Resource Center. There you just enter your username and password and you'll be given instant access to your personal sales and visitor statistics. You'll know exactly how many people have visited our web site from yours and you'll see an up to the minute record of your sales.
I don't want to take up your time by explaining all of the details in a really long email. You can check out all the details at -or- you can sign up right away at  These web pages will explain everything. I think you will be pleasantly surprised. This is a perfect opportunity for your company and ours to increase profits with very little work.
I look forward to hearing from you. And if you still have any questions after you have visited the website explaining everything, please feel free to email me or call me directly at (941) 778-2155. All the Best,
Ryan Allis VP Marketing
Activex America, Inc.
(941) 778-2155
P.S: We also have a great wholesale program. Syn-flex is a very profitable additional to any product line. Email us at resell for details.
P.P.S. Just take five minutes to sign up and put a link on your site and if at the end of one month you aren't happy with the amount on your check just take the link down. There is really nothing to lose.
