
@_date: 2003-12-07 09:54:22
@_author: "Ahmed Musa." 
@_subject: CAN I TRUST YOU WITH THIS BUSINESS? 
Greetings from UAE
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL.
I decided to contact you by email because I feel that it is more secured and private. I am one of the top Directors of Procurement and Contract Award, Ministry of Petroleum and Mineral Resources [MPMR]. I am contacting you concerning the transfer of US$26 Million Dollars (TWENTY SIX MILLION DOLLARS)
Sometime ago, a contract was awarded by my Corporation, [MPMR] to a Russian contractor Late Mr. Ziya Bazhayev a Russian big time Oil dealer, to supply equipments to the Emirates Petroleum Products Company (EPPCO) This contract was over invoiced by me to the tune of US$26 Million {Twenty Six Million United States Dollars). I reached a compromise with the late Mr. Ziya Bazhayev to transfer the fund into a separate foreign bank account for me, but unfortunately he died in the plane crash of Yak-40 jetliner on March 9, 2000.  You will read news about the plane crash on these sites,  and Now that the complete contract sum has been approved for payment, I need a trustworthy foreigner who I shall present as a contractor to my Ministry and the over-invoiced contract sum will be paid to him.  Based on my status as senior government official in a top sensitive position of trust, I cannot stand to claim this money myself without the assistance of a foreigner. The process will not require your presence here in UAE and I guarantee that this transaction will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law.  You do not need to have a registered company to qualify for this transaction, we can use your name as your company.
I intend to share the money in the following manner: 35% for you, 65% for me. Contact me immediately if you are interested for further details.  I shall first approve 50% of the contract sum and if everything works out fine, I received my share without any problem, then you shall apply for transfer the remaining 50%.  I look forward to a fruitful business relationship with you and your urgent response.
Best Regards,
Mr. Ahmed Musa.
