
@_date: 2004-10-18 18:42:06
@_author: "Aida Kiran" 
@_subject: Dear Friend, 
Dear, I know that this proposal might be a surprise to you but do consider it as an emergency. In a nut shell, My name is Aida Kiran 20 years old from the republic of Ivory coast  in west Africa, now seeking for refugee in Dakar -Senegal under the(UNHCR). The only child of late Dr.Solomon Kiran. I am looking for someone who can take me as child I promise to be obidient to you and I will bring happiness to your life.
I got your contact from the Internet Search.I want you to assist me in this transaction. My late father was the managing director of Solin Gold and Diamond Mine company in Ivory coast .But he was killed along side with my mother during the longing civil war and all his properties were totally destroyed. However, after their death I managed to escape with very important files of my father.He has the sum of (US$5.2M)Five million two hundred thousand U.S Dollars only. This amount was deposited by my late father in one of the leading Banks. The deposit documents indicate me as the next of kin. Presently, I am saddled with the problem of securing a trust worthy foriegn personality to help me. I will map out 10% for you.
(1)Stand on my behalf in Senegal as the beneficiary for the claim of the
 inheritance from the bank since the management of the bank adviced that I
 should solicit for an individual or corporate organization to claim the deposit
 for me as they cannot release it directly to me due to my refugee status in
 Senegal. (2)Transfer the money over to your own country and into your possession pending my arrival to meet with you. (3)Invest and manage the money for me in a good business pending my maturity. (4) Help me secure my travelling documents to meet you as soon as my money is released to you. Furthermore,you can contact the Bank for confirmation and I will issue a letter of authorisation on your name,that will enable the bank correspond with you on my behalf.I am giving you this offers as mentioned with every confidence on your acceptance to assist me or adopt me as your Child if possible and manage the money for me. Conclusively,I wish you send me a reply immediately you recieve this proposal. Until then,I remain with the best Stay Blessed.
 Aida kiran
I want you to reply me through my private mail box so that I can send you my picture
