
@_date: 2001-09-27 20:49:59
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: The Confession Of Aimee Farr 
Sorry for FINALLY getting a little testy in regard to the Aimee-agent
theory. I didn't mean to give offense, sincerely. (I had just received a
rather concerning message offlist.) My comments would have been more
appropriately directed to that person, but they did not leave a

@_date: 2001-09-25 01:45:19
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Extraterritorial surveillance. 
Electronic surveillance occurring outside the territorial U.S. is not
regulated by Title III or state surveillance statutes. The Fourth Amendment
is implicated if American officers are the instigators. If there is U.S.
involvement, the Fourth will be violated if the surveillance violated the
law of the foreign jurisdiction. [1]
The catch, as always, is the suppression remedy. (Note that Congress did not
give a suppression remedy for electronic communications.) With regard to
foreign surveillance, the justification has been that suppression does not
serve a deterrent to foreign actors. (What they fail to consider, is that
this cooperation is prone to abuse, especially in regard to economic
espionage. Foreign intelligence agencies service their own agendas, and
these agendas are increasingly tied to private interests. It's a legitimacy
blanket for blackmail, source recruitment, infiltration and so on....) If
the U.S. liaisons acted in good faith reliance as to the foreign operation,
they are entitled to the good faith exception. If it's a silver plate
service, without involvement, you can use in it prosecution. [2] The general
rule is that it has to "shock" the judicial conscience to be excluded, or
"Taunt Happy-Fun Court" in cypherpunk lingo.
For domestic group surveillance related to national security interests, see
United Sates v. United States District Court, 407 U.S. 297 (1972),
[construing 2511(3)in 1972; pre-FISA] (Title III did not reach national
security surveillance, and the President could not conduct warrantless
surveillance against exclusively domestic organizations). The same arguments
are being made today.
Surveillance law in the United States is the study of the backbone of the
judiciary, bent by the ignorance of congress, due to the machinations of the
executive branch.
[1] See United States v. Barona, 56 F.3d 1087, 1091 (9th Cir. 1995); United
States v. Peterson, 812 F.2d 486, 491 (9th Cir. 1987); United States v.
Phillips, 1979 WL 1505 *16 (M.D.Fla.). But see United States v. Andreas,
1998 WL 42261, *3, (N.D. Ill.), aff'd, 216 F.3d 645, 660-661 (7th Cir.
*Administration* analysis @  on
the proposed Section 105 Use of Wiretap Information From Foreign
Governments: "Under current case law, federal prosecutors appear to have the
ability to use electronic surveillance conducted by foreign governments in
criminal proceedings. As criminal law enforcement becomes more of a global
effort, such information will come to play a larger role in federal
prosecutions. To ensure uniformity of federal practice, this section
codifies the principle that United States prosecutors may use against
American citizens information collected by a foreign government even if the
collection would have violated the Fourth Amendment. Under the proposal,
such information may not be used if it was obtained with the knowing
participation" or at the direction of American law enforcement personnel,
if gathered in violation of constitutional protections."
[2] See United States v. Mature, 982 F.2d. 57, 61 (2nd Cir. 1992). See also,
(short cites)... Mitro, 880 F.2d 1480; DeLaplane, 778 F.2d 570; Maher, 645
F.2d 780; Derewal, 703 F. Supp. 372 (supplying tip does not rise to the
level of "involvement").

@_date: 2001-09-24 22:09:09
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Expectation of privacy in public? 
Under the California statute, a conversation in which the parties have no
expectation that the discussion would not be disclosed to others is not
confidential. Cal. Penal Code. Sect.632(a). "Confidentiality" has been
construed in California to mean "a reasonable expectation that the content
of the communication has been entrusted privately to the listener." Deteresa
v. American Braodcasting Co. 121 F.3d 460, 464 (9th Cir. 1997, cert. denied,
118 S. Ct. 1840 (1998).
Oral Communication under Title I (of "Title III" or the ECPA) incorporates
the Katz test. The Katz test is two-pronged: (1) the person challenging must
exhibit an expectation of privacy [subjective] and (2) that person must also
be justified in that expectation [objective]. If both prongs are not met,
the conversation is not protected under the constitution against warrantless
Senate Report 1097: neither the speakers intention to talk in confidence nor
the location of where the conversation happened controls the determination
of whether or not he reasonably expected he could not or would not be
overheard. The factors that might be considered in regard to the first prong
are: precautions taken, content, purpose, etc. Therefore, words a person
knowingly "puts to the public," possibly even in your home, can be outside
of the Fourth Amendment and Title III. However, it's a very contextual
Often, the courts use the rationale that because you have no reason to
believe your conversation is not being overheard, you have no reason to
believe you are not being recorded. See In re Johen Doe Trader No. One, 894
F.2d 240, 243 (7th Cir. 1990)(recording on floor of commodities exchange).
They could also make the analogy to a visitor of a bugged house, such as
United States v. Flemmi, 225 F.3d 78 (1st Cir. 2000). However, the mere fact
that the conversation is on government premises does not affect an
expectation of privacy. United States v. Jackson, 588 F.2d 1046, 1052 (5th
Cir. 1979)....and a bunch more after that.
Blah, blah, more than you wanted to know.

@_date: 2001-09-22 21:54:36
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Redux: mass hate 
From Choate:
Tim says:
Hari Seldon. Psychohistory guy, no?

@_date: 2001-09-19 16:37:55
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Roving surveillance & misc. 
"Citizen Q" posted a news clip, which included:
A requirement under Title I of the ECPA is that the site of the targeted
phone be identified. This is the statutory embodiment of the forth amendment
particularization requirement. In the case of an "oral conversation,"
[within the meaning of the ECPA] Section 2518(11) eliminates the requirement
when there is a finding by a judge reviewing the application that the site
identification requirement is "impracticable." In contrast, for a "wire or
electronic communication," there must be a finding that the purpose of the
person who is the subject of surveillance is "to thwart interception by
changing facilities."
[1] Although somewhat dated, see Michael Goldsmith, Eavesdropping Reform:
The Legality of Roving Surveillance, 1987 U.Ill. L. Rev. 401 (1987).
[2] The MINIMIZATION REQUIREMENT is found in 2518(5) of the ECPA ("Title
III") requires interception be "conducted in such a way as to minimize the
interception of communications not otherwise subject to interception," in
order to prevent a fourth amendment prohibited "general search." For the
search of a conversation to be reasonable, minimization must take place so
that the government does not seize conversations unrelated to criminal
But see, SCOTT V. UNITED STATES, 436 U.S. 128 (1978) (court rejected the
view that 2518(5) required officers to engage in good faith efforts to
minimize the surveillance of non-pertinent conversations). "Scott factors"
as delineated in later decisions, have been the subject of considerable
criticism. Some states have rejected it entirely, requiring good faith at
the outset under state statutes. (Biometric and technological minimization
might provide a partial answer to Scott's latitude. If plausible, the Scott
doctrine should be tightened in the statute to require sincere "good faith"
minimization in light of any new technological aids to minimization.)
[3] TESTIMONY OF JAMES P. FLEISSNER ON THE COMPREHENSIVE ANTITERRORISM ACT
OF 1995... @ (discussing roving surveillance and supporting the harmonization of the two
roving surveillance provisions, and discussing the crimes already in the
statute with ties to terrorism).
[4] NOTICE. The notice and inventory provisions of the ECPA need to be
amended to provide notice to non-targets. 2518(8)(d) entitles only those
persons who were named in the court order (suspected of criminal activity)
to receive notice and inventory. The statutory provisions, which were
supposed to provide oversight, have been rendered meaningless by the courts.
There is a discretionary provision allowing a judge to notify a non-target
individual if, in his/her opinion, circumstances call for it.
[5] THE NATURE OF JUDICIAL OVERSIGHT. In regard to the Pen Register and Trap
and Trace Device provisions, the complaint is the lack of judicial
oversight. ["Upon an application made under section 3122(a)(1) of this
title, the court *shall* enter an ex parte order authorizing the
installation and use of a pen register or trap and trace device if the court
finds that the attorney for the Government has certified to the court that
the information likely to be obtained by such installation and use is
relevant to an ongoing criminal investigation."] Communication data, or
communication attributes, have already been the subject of considerable
controversy. Some argue that in contrast to judicial and legislative
interpretation, communication attributes are deserving of GREATER
constitutional protection -- not less, pointing to the fact that
communication data is more precise and revealing.
[6] See also, _Terrorism & The Constitution-Sacrificing Civil Liberties in
the Name of National Security_ by James X. Dempsey & David Cole -- available
on Amazon.
"But when, under conditions of modern warfare, our shores are threatened by
hostile forces, the power to protect must be commensurate with the
threatened danger." Korematsu v. United States, 323 U.S. 214, 220 (1944)
(this rationale was used to uphold internment camps for American citizens).
A reminder, I think.

@_date: 2001-09-16 03:26:14
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: SYMBOL no....ICON 
Pst, C'mere....
Let's build a BIIIIIIIG terrorist icon on the eve of a possibly long
engagement, and put lots of little people in it.
Don't present targets when civilian lives go in them.
And, you can't fight fires in those things.

@_date: 2001-09-15 17:47:32
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Re: Senate votes to permit warrantless Net-wiretaps, Carn 
See the following portion of a recent TX bill, proposed in June.
Offered for comparative purposes against the "new and improved" 3125.
Sec. 8A.  EMERGENCY INSTALLATION AND USE OF INTERCEPTING
 4-6     DEVICE.  (a)  The prosecutor in a county in which an electronic,
 4-7     mechanical, or other device is to be installed or used to intercept
 4-8     wire, oral, or electronic communications shall designate in writing
 4-9     each peace officer in the county, other than a commissioned officer
4-10     of the Department of Public Safety, who:
4-11                 (1)  is a member of a law enforcement unit specially
4-12     trained to respond to and deal with life-threatening situations;
4-13     and
4-14                 (2)  is authorized to possess such a device and
4-15     responsible for the installation, operation, and monitoring of the
4-16     device in an immediate life-threatening situation.
4-17           (b)  A peace officer designated under  Subsection (a)  or
4-18     under Section 5(b) may possess, install, operate, or monitor an
4-19     electronic, mechanical, or other device to intercept wire, oral, or
4-20     electronic communications if the officer:
4-21                 (1)  reasonably believes an immediate life-threatening
4-22     situation exists that:
4-23                       (A)  is within the territorial jurisdiction of
4-24     the officer or another officer the officer is assisting; and
4-25                       (B)  requires interception of communications
4-26     before an order authorizing the interception can, with due
 5-1     diligence, be obtained under this section;
 5-2                 (2)  reasonably believes there are sufficient grounds
 5-3     under this section on which to obtain an order authorizing the
 5-4     interception; and
 5-5                 (3)  obtains from a magistrate oral or written consent
 5-6     to the interception before beginning the interception.
 5-7           (c)  A magistrate may give oral or written consent to the
 5-8     interception of communications under this section.
 5-9           (d)  If an officer installs or uses a device under Subsection
5-10     (b), the officer shall:
5-11                 (1)  promptly report the installation or use to the
5-12     prosecutor in the county in which the device is installed or used;
5-13     and
5-14                 (2)  within 48 hours after the installation is complete
5-15     or the interception begins, whichever occurs first, obtain a
5-16     written order from a judge of competent jurisdiction authorizing
5-17     the interception.
5-18           (e)  A judge may issue an order authorizing interception of
5-19     communications under this section during the 48-hour period
5-20     prescribed by Subsection (d)(2).  If an order is denied or is not
5-21     issued within the 48-hour period, the officer shall terminate use
5-22     of and remove the device promptly on the earlier of the denial or
5-23     the expiration of 48 hours.
5-24           (f)  The state may not use as evidence in a criminal
5-25     proceeding any information gained through the use of a device
5-26     installed under this section if authorization for the device is not
 6-1     sought or is sought but not obtained.

@_date: 2001-09-14 05:00:13
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Congress mulls crypto restrictions in response to attacks 
Agree. Just came to mind.
Like the sky. Hm. "Open Skies." Eisenhower. That's a scary line of
How would "backdoor" cooperation be reconciled with heightened concerns over
privatized economic espionage? (Is there a conflict? Is that not a new
element, at least in terms of international concern?)

@_date: 2001-09-13 19:29:50
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Cypherpunk Threat Analysis (scramble near Crawford) 
Did not.
*rolls eyes*
Did not.
Oh yes, Cypherpunks, PGP and Extropians....the heart of
darkness....Whoo...big fish in here.
I don't work for Uncle.
BTW, big event skyward over my house this a.m. -- rumor is a private
aircraft near Bush Ranch. Got a scramble. Flyboys tore up the sky for a good
hour this morning. Shrwooooooom!!! Shrwwoooooooom!!!!

@_date: 2001-09-13 15:36:54
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Anonymizer "Op Safe Investigation" / Official Anonymity 
"Anonymizer.com Launches 'Operation Safe Investigation' to
Help Law Enforcement and Journalism Professionals Maintain
Anonymity and Safety Online"
PRNewswire (09/06/01)
NLECTC Law Enforcement & Corrections Technology News Summary
Thursday, September 13, 2001
Anonymizer.com just debuted its "Operation Safe
Investigation" program to protect the identities of law
enforcement agents and journalists conducting investigations
via the Internet. Under the program, the company will
allocate as many as 25 user licenses for its Anonymous
Surfing service. Accounts remain active for a period of
three months, but participants will receive an option to
continue using the licenses at a reduced cost in the future.
Law enforcement officials require anonymity to conduct
investigations about the activities of Web surfers suspected
of criminal activities and for accessing certain Web sites
that show different Web pages based on a user's identity. In
addition to allowing investigators to effectively conceal
their identities, the service provides protection from
various security and privacy threats found on the Web.
Anonymity would be a greater aid to LEA to grease _incoming_ information
I've got flyboys scratching the sky here all a.m. -----
Shrwwwwwwoooooooooom!!!! Shrwwooooooooom!!! Serious play up there.

@_date: 2001-09-11 19:22:21
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Terrorists attack World Trade Center and Pentagon 
"How ironic, that this is all happening under the shadow of the Statue of
Liberty. Some of us may not have been born to see Pearl Harbor in 1941, but
I can assure you that none of us will ever forget the attack of the WTC in
New York City, September 11, 2001, a date that may become of more historical
significance than we can currently imagine.
Semper Fi,"
...a New Jersey volunteer bringing "a pick, shovel...and a hard stomach."
Perhaps borders and transportation will widely field biometric and
biochemical surveillance countermeasures. The surreptitious collection of
suspected terrorist biometrics for border security, along with surreptitious
polygraphing might have provided additional security, especially in
coordination with intelligence agents in the field. (If part of an organized
terrorist attack, our intelligence agencies *should have* their mugs.) That
could have been an aerosol cloud full of blister, blood, choking agents....
Still, while we are all flying the flag, I just hope we don't forget what it
stands for in the policy aftermath.
To say we had forewarning is an understatement, and name-calling,
retaliation, and yadda-yadda does nothing to address our intelligence and
security failures.
GAO reports critical of airport security:
(It seems like there was something very recent, but I can't find it. I can't
pull up GAO.gov.)
I hope this will be seen as a mandate to engage in the aggressive
acquisition of foreign intelligence sources, and a coordinated
counterintelligence strategy. Human Intelligence might make a much-needed
comeback. All we needed here was one placed HUMAN asset. One guy.

@_date: 2001-09-11 03:27:23
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Sociocultural Implications of Biometrics 
Google also Mayfield v. Dalton, 109 F.3d 1423 (9th Cir.1997) which
challenged a military DNA repository as violating the Fourth Amendment.
Between the district court and the appellate, the military made some
changes...shortening the holding period from 75 to 50 yrs, allowing for
individualized destruction upon request after military service, delineating
permissible uses, etc.-etc.
Compare to the Brits, who are experimenting with chipping their soldiers:
dog tags to pet chips.
Although I'm on the consortium list, etc. My RAND pubs notice did not
include the online version. Thanks, Faustine. Saved me some $. I always read
your contributions.
PS: Although elementary for many in here (but you are quite unusual),
Understanding Surveillance Technologies by Julie K. Petersen, available on
Amazon, has some "handy stuff" in it for a broad overview of surveillance
technologies. (I always appreciate private notes to papers/refs on
surveillance topics.)

@_date: 2001-09-11 23:40:12
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: FC: Anonymous remailer operators start to take remailers 
I agree, and I'm a "wuss ninnie," according to many. They are broadcasting
the hotlines/website:  (slashdotted, on my end). They
want everything.
...Could the remops collaborate in some fashion so as to offer collection
...Could you set up a working group to assist with these situations in the
...Could you build something to facilitate anonymous reporting? I'm
brown-nosing Steele again, but terrorism seems to support a Whitehat
Blacknet (what I called an OSINT Intellagora). Isn't this a perfect example?
I think a working group on something like this would put crypto in a
positive light.

@_date: 2001-09-13 15:39:57
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Threat Analysis 
For the sick people in here that like to call for TNA's (target name and
address) for judicial officials etc.
NLECTC Law Enforcement & Corrections Technology News Summary
Thursday, September 13, 2001
"Technological Advances in Assessing Threats to Judicial
Sheriff (08/01) Vol. 53, No. 4, P. 34; Calhoun, Frederick S.
The majority of sheriff offices throughout the country
assign personnel to handle threats made to judges according
to which situations pose the greatest risks. Los Angeles
security consulting firm Gavin de Becker has developed an
advanced threat-management system that incorporates
computers. Assessing which threat poses the most risk to
court officials or jurors is difficult. According to the
U.S. Marshals Service's case files, people making threats
rarely carry them through. Gavin de Becker's MOSAIC program
provides a series of questions designed to assess the
potential risk posed by different situations and people. The
Supreme Court Police use the program for ensuring the safety
of the chief justices. (

@_date: 2001-09-13 21:17:15
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Congress mulls crypto restrictions in response to attacks 
Amateur radio was the first casualty after Pearl Harbor. Some criticize the
action now, of course.

@_date: 2001-09-14 18:38:36
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: A Brevital Moment (was..Ignore Aimee Farr) 
I have never threatened a judicial official, or anybody else. I have reason
to doubt my character in this regard could be placed into question.

@_date: 2001-09-14 01:26:06
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: A Brevital Moment (was..Ignore Aimee Farr) 
My post was not "bait." The reason we have anything left of the amendments
so frequently talked about in here is due to the independence of the
judiciary. While you can question aforesaid independence, threatening the
judiciary is beyond the pale.
There are some posts in here that give me 'pause for psycholinguistic
analysis.' As such, I worry that they could be misconstrued (Type 5...Type
6, compulsive or possible syndicate bombers even...) by some hypersensitive,
uneducated people not intimately familiar with the history and quirks of
this list -- in what has become a hypersensitive environment.
Bell's "Assassination Politics" put cypherpunks on some protective
intelligence agendas. It would not be implausible to assume you were being
monitored to see if you "run" with the seeded assassination memes, if only
for analytical purposes. These matters are taken seriously by those charged
with the care of protected persons. (Contrary to what some here would have
you believe, subtlety can get you a much higher threat-rating than overtly
threatening correspondence.)
Baiting? Provocation? No, a caveat. Do not tolerate behavior of that nature.
It subjects you all to scrutiny and mischaracterization.
What about Mr. K-S that hides behind his hushmail jacket and asks for names
and addresses.....why doesn't somebody cuss him out?

@_date: 2001-09-14 16:10:45
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Crypto-anonymity greases HUMINT intelligence flows 
I don't know why Tim makes me out to be such a bitch. I'm pro-crypto and
Anonymity and encryption can assist with intelligence collection efforts,
and grease new intelligence flows. An OSINT "Intellagora," a WhiteHat
BlackNet, is zero-risk/zero-contact, and might assist in counterterrorism
intelligence collection -- there are arguments it's built for it (Steele).
It's technical, but it is a HUMINT solution. Such a solution could be used
not only for intelligence collection, but also for intervention. Another
prime example is in regard to "cyberterrorism," where companies have shown
great reluctance to share information with the government.
They are complaining about a lack of human intelligence, and the difficulty
of penetration. There are strong arguments that crypto can assist the
government in combating the very threat they complain of, and surmount
obstacles to intelligence collection and analysis. (And, as many here have
stated, legal prohibitions are only effective on law-abiders.)
Like THIS.....this was a natural response. Kudos.
SAN DIEGO, September 12, 2001 - Anyone with information pertaining to
Tuesday's terrorist attacks who wishes to communicate anonymously
with U.S. authorities can use an Anonymous Tip Web Link now located
at the Anonymizer.com home page.
Awards are authorized, BTW:
Sec. 3071. Information for which rewards authorized
(a) With respect to acts of terrorism primarily within the territorial
jurisdiction of the United States, the Attorney General may reward any
individual who furnishes information -
(1) leading to the arrest or conviction, in any country, of any
individual or individuals for the commission of an act of
terrorism against a United States person or United States
property; or
(2) leading to the arrest or conviction, in any country, of any
individual or individuals for conspiring or attempting to commit
an act of terrorism against a United States person or property;
(3) leading to the prevention, frustration, or favorable
resolution of an act of terrorism against a United States person
or property.
(b) With respect to acts of espionage involving or directed at the United
States, the Attorney General may reward any individual who furnishes
information -
(1) leading to the arrest or conviction, in any country, of any
individual or individuals for commission of an act of espionage
against the United States;
(2) leading to the arrest or conviction, in any country, of any
individual or individuals for conspiring or attempting to commit
an act of espionage against the United States; or
(3) leading to the prevention or frustration of an act of
espionage against the United States.

@_date: 2001-09-15 00:40:48
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Material support to terrorists "concealing or disguising?" 
Tim said:
Tim said:
Which said:
 To: cypherpunks
Sender: owner-cypherpunks

@_date: 2001-09-14 23:16:36
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Material support to terrorists "concealing or disguising?" 
[Any previous discussion of this? Summary/Conclusions?]
Sec. 2339A. (FOOTNOTE 1) Providing material support to terrorists
(a) Offense. - Whoever, within the United States, provides material support
or resources or conceals or disguises the nature, location, source, or
ownership of material support or resources, knowing or intending that they
are to be used in preparation for, or in carrying out, a violation of
section 32, 37, 81, 175, 351, 831, 842(m) or (n), 844(f) or (i), 930(c),
956, 1114, 1116, 1203, 1361, 1362, 1363, 1366, 1751, 1992, 2155, 2156, 2280,
2281, 2332, 2332a, 2332b, 2332c, [2] or 2340A of this title or section 46502
of title 49, or in preparation for, or in carrying out, the concealment or
an escape from the commission of any such violation, shall be fined under
this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.
(b) Definition. - In this section, the term ''material support or
resources'' means currency or other financial securities, financial
services, lodging, training, safehouses, false documentation or
identification, communications equipment, facilities, weapons, lethal
substances, explosives, personnel, transportation, and other physical
assets, except medicine or religious materials.
(d) Extraterritorial Jurisdiction. - There is extraterritorial Federal
jurisdiction over an offense under this section.
Sec. 2339B. Providing material support or resources to designated foreign
terrorist organizations
(a) Prohibited Activities. -
(1) Unlawful conduct. - Whoever, within the United States or
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, knowingly
provides material support or resources to a foreign terrorist
organization, or attempts or conspires to do so, shall be fined
under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.
(4) the term ''material support or resources'' has the same
meaning as in section 2339A;
(6) the term ''terrorist organization'' means an organization
designated as a terrorist organization under section 219 of the
Immigration and Nationality Act.

@_date: 2001-09-15 00:55:03
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: "Bugged" calling cards? 
See: "trap calling cards" or "skip calling cards."
Yes, you can do it yourself. Without passing on the legality of this, YES,
it is a sunlighted investigatory tactic. Contact a telco investigator in
your jurisdiction. A skilled pretexter, and a trap line, can work better in
some cases.
"See a lawyer and an investigatory professional."

@_date: 2001-09-19 21:22:40
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Mandatory ID Cards -biometric association 
The conversation elsewhere is out of control...even "negative recognition"
in addition to a National Biometric-ID. The fear is that its an "appearance
measure." My response on another list was fairly long-winded, but it did
include the following:
(1) The pretexter. Mr. Terrorist -- he's a suspect or (hopes to be) a
fugitive, or he wouldn't be pretexting an ID.
(2) The patsy. Ann Murphy -- married and pregnant when her new husband tried
to put her on a plane with 3 pounds of plastic explosive. She was recruited
and set up over a year.
(3) The inward spy. Colonel von Stauffenberg -- admitted to Hitler's Wolf
Lair without question.
(4) The priest. Father Terrorist -- he is who he is. The only thing he has
to hide is his intent.
In 2, 3, and 4 authentication is an exploit. If it leads to a false sense of
security, it is an exploit. ''They'' will go for timing + circumstance +
opportunity. (The focus has shifted away from airplanes.) Myself and several
others have pointed out how this would agitate domestic dissident groups,
further civil tension, and possibly provoke violence -- the terrorist
objective straight out of "TERRORISM 101."
I just haven't seen any compelling counter-terrorism studies FOCUSING on
this (I'm looking, and I'm sure that I will...). Although document forgery
is an immigration problem, it sounds like one that can be addressed at the
border. While authentication is a first line defense, I question this
measure in terms of "combating terrorism," and worry that it is over-rated.
It's also something that goes with chokepoint-checkpoints.
[*pause*...seen the latest ANSIR?]

@_date: 2001-09-20 18:04:40
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Cooksey: Expect racial profiling 
Press Release:
ADC Shocked By Congressman Cooksey's Remarks
Washington, DC, Sept. 19--The American-Arab Anti-Discrimination
Committee (ADC) is outraged by the comments made on Monday by
Representative John Cooksey (R-LA) on Louisiana radio stations stating
that someone who comes in thats got a diaper on his head and a fan
belt wrapped around that diaper on his head, that guy needs to be pulled
Representative Cookseys racist remarks are particularly shocking in
light of the ongoing national backlash against Arab Americans as a
result of last weeks terrorist attack in New York and the Washington,
D.C. area.
ADC President Dr. Ziad Asali said, It is totally unacceptable in the
midst of this national crisis that an elected official of the United
States Congress would utter such hateful and irresponsible words.  It is
a disgrace to Congress and to the medical profession.  Dr. Cooksey owes
Arab Americans and indeed the nation an apology.  As a member of
Congress he should realize that honoring constitutionally protected
civil rights is not simply trying to be politically correct as he
ADC officials have requested a meeting with Representative Cooksey upon
his return to Washington, D.C. this evening.

@_date: 2001-09-22 17:55:34
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Redux: mass hate 
Just admitting my ignorance. :)
I wasn't poking at them, either. Tim is just hilarious when he wants to be,
and Declan included the terrorism variable in his comments -- and I didn't
say elicit anything about a particular event, or why I was asking.
Furthermore, I am a bitch, and the terrorism variable played out. (You're
all SOBs in my book, but you're insightful SOBs at times.)
I read a little on your terminology. Interesting, thank you.

@_date: 2001-09-22 14:00:10
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Redux: mass hate 
I know you just FWDd it.
I didn't know what "psychohistory" was. The term sort of lends itself to
misconstruction. I've been pissed at you for months over that.

@_date: 2001-09-21 21:32:58
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Redux: mass hate 
My introductory post (below) was based on a WMD domestic terrorism scenario,
to predict surveillance end-states.
o What do you think about [1-2]?
o Contemporary parallels? (use of crypto as an aggravating factor in
punishment, etc.)
o Finally, how could [3] come about in the context of crypto (and other
digital freedoms)?
Electronic Journal of Sociology (1996)
ISSN: 1176 7323
Cyber McCarthyism: Witch Hunts in the Living Room
[1] "This paper examines the potential for electronic communication to spark
mass hate such as that seen in colonial Salem and during the McCarthy
[2] "The elements which go into the development of mass hate include the
following: 1) strains on the community through the recognition of a moral
boundary crisis and identification of villains, 2) crystallizing of
patterned labeling through a degradation ceremony, 3) appropriation of the
social apparatus and suppression of critique mechanisms, 4) restoration of a
normal situation."
[3] "Finally, the fervour came under control. In both of these cases this
occurred when the mass hate became a serious threat to the established power
structure, members of the government in the case of colonial Salem and the
Army in the case of McCarthyism."
Tim's comments for historical reference.
And, from Declan...
And this, from Choate....

@_date: 2001-09-24 23:01:54
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Selected quotes from Keyser-Soze 
Mr. Keyser-Soze of the hushmail jacket:
Want to catch some REALLY big fish?
Dangle your ego.

@_date: 2001-09-24 05:47:29
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Selected quotes from Keyser-Soze 
Indeed it may have to be fought through the crosshairs...
Time to show Ellison who the real threats to his personal safety are...
Its time to water the tree...
Only cowards worry about possible punishment. If this be terrorism, make the
most of it!
It seems quite a few have been making payments lately...eh?
Will someone publish the home address of the prosecuting attorney and judge
issuing the warrant?
(Plus, numerous political identifying rants.)
I've completed my psychological profile, and I'm left wanting. Maybe if I
resort to astrology....
Keyser, what sign were you born under?

@_date: 2001-09-26 04:21:02
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Mind control: U.S. Measures May Incite Domestic Terror 
Anon -- via Havenco.
We - The People.
They - Anybody that has expressed a sincere desire to blow "the people" up
and has warranted a threat-rating.
I am speaking in the context of U.S. domestic organizations with terrorist
inclinations, not OBL and his like, of course.
Some proposals fit into the apocalyptic visions of some groups. Shades of
PROJECT MEGIDDO and so forth.
In MANY respects, I agree with you.
"Propaganda" can serve legitimate purposes and need not be deceitful. In a
like vein, COINTELPRO need not involve infiltration, lying, black bag jobs,
or the stifling of legitimate political dissent.
Speaking of such things....private groups have been highly successful in
criminalizing the ideology of opposing dissident groups that they deem
contrary to their interests. They use the media to make repetitive
unsubstantiated allegations until the public actually begins to associate a
criminal mindset with the group or idea.
My understanding is that the word "cypherpunk" made recent congressional
testimony -???
Their strategy is psychology. And, yes, we can. You "attack their strategy"
when there is somebody assigned to respond to inaccurate reporting, hoaxes,
etc. You "attack their strategy" by encouraging dialogue. You "attack their
strategy" by encouraging moderation (as opposed to inciting action). In many
cases, it could be as simple as communication, and involve some ETHICAL Cold
War skillsets.
Yes, common sense has historically been a poor argument to Congress.

@_date: 2001-09-25 20:43:56
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Mind control: U.S. Measures May Incite Domestic Terror 
Citizen Q:
I most strongly disagree.
Solutions that provoke acts of domestic terrorism, rather than preventing
them -- are not "solutions," no? While these groups may not hold legitimate
opinions in the eyes of most Americans, they are legitimate threats. (I have
used some responsive commentary in here to make this point elsewhere.)
In my opinion, some of these proposals not only "trade security for
privacy," (their words) they are going to "trade privacy for terrorism." I
think that's a bad deal for everybody.
Part of our problem in regard to U.S.-based domestic terrorism and militia
groups has been our prosecutorial or military "snatch" mindset. We need to
attack their strategy, rather than engage in actions that legitimize their
world views, incite action, encourage radicalization and facilitate
This is a WAR On Terrorism -- not a Keystone Cop chase. I believe that any
responsible analysis of proposed solutions should squarely address the issue
of domestic incitement. Polls with CitizenQ-like opinions express American
sentiment....but they can be damning for domestic terrorism policy if we do
not pause to examine the implications.
Would it be ironic if, in our efforts to "stop" the unthinkable, we give
rise to it? Would that be good policy?
In addition to "concerns" over the erosion of civil liberties, one message
Congress desperately needs to get: "DON'T FEED THE BEARS."

@_date: 2001-09-26 04:03:03
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
(a) There just aren't enough good interviewers to go around. The cooperation
of the American-Arab community is not something the FBI wants to place at
(b) As the interviewee was a frequent writer on Arab-American issues, the
story could have been predicted (with great accuracy) following an
interrogation-style interview. Maybe the FBI is beating the grass to see
what moves, or runs. If you can get the cells and their associates to focus
on freedom and security, rather than an attack -- you've gained time, if
nothing else.
Most of you would probably pick (a).
It is discouraging to see the disdain in which many of you hold the FBI
during a time when we need cooperation and insight from nontraditional
In some cases, maybe FBI agents are an inappropriate vehicle for
elicitation. An NGO might be able to garner trust and serve as a trusted
liaison with dissident groups, and even more so if it used "snitch-crypto."
*she says, just wondering....as she covers herself with flame-retardant

@_date: 2001-09-26 05:43:36
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Smallpox? 
HANDS..... prepared to
of mass destruction
Moscow WMD deals.
Chinese can openers.
Some things never change.

@_date: 2001-09-27 04:59:35
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: The Confession Of Aimee Farr 
It wasn't "fantasy gibberish," my comments were intended as humorous,
tongue-in-cheek response to repeated attempts of individuals seeking to
ferret me out as an "FBI Agent." Jeesh.
Oh, please....

@_date: 2001-09-26 23:18:49
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: The Confession Of Aimee Farr 
I was recruited to infiltrate "cypherpunks," a public mailing list. I did so
by immediately pissing off your putative leader, known to have the
personality of a pit bull. To gain admittance to your "inner circle," I
expressed disagreement with damn near everything you said. To assist
prosecutors, I quashed conversations that I deemed inciting. To cultivate
sources, I defended law enforcement interests.
Smoked out by CitizenQ. So great is my shame....
Since most of you wouldn't know an FBI Special Agent if one bit you in the
ass, I suggest you stop worrying about them.

@_date: 2001-11-17 03:23:17
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: You missed it by >< much. 
94th Cong. 1st Sess.
H.R. 1603
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
January 17, 1975
Mr. Drinan introduced the following bill; which was referred the Committee
on the Judiciary.
A BILL
To amend certain sections (authorizing wiretapping and electronic
surveillance) of title 18 of the United States Code.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of America in Congress assembled,
That the Congress finds and declares that--
(1)	Widespread wiretapping and electronic surveillance, both by private
persons and Government agents, both under color of law, and without pretense
of legal excuse or justification, has seriously undermined personal security
and often violated fundamental constitutional rights, including the rights
to free speech, press, and association, the rights to due process and equal
protection, and the right to privacy.
(2)	Complexities and defects in current Federal law have aided those who
engage in wiretapping and electronic surveillance, and current Federal law
has not provided adequate safeguards against corrupt abuses of
communications technology.
(3)	No person, in any branch of the Federal Government, in however high an
office, or in any other governmental or private position should be
authorized either explicitly or implicitly to violate the constitutional
rights of persons by eavesdropping on private conversations through
wiretapping and electronic surveillance.
(4)	The end of prosecuting those who violate the law does not justify
wrongdoing on the part of the Government.
(5)	The peculiar susceptibility of wiretapping and electronic surveillance
to misuse in the furtherance of partisan political goals renders wiretapping
and electronic surveillance a particularly dangerous temptation to
Government officials, and the chance of its misuse outweighs any potential
benefits which might otherwise be found in it.
(6)	SEC. 2. Title 18 of the United States Code is amended
(1)	by striking out section 2511(1) Except as otherwise specifically
provided in this chapter any person who and inserting in lieu thereof
(2)	by inserting immediately after subparagraph (d) of section 2511(1), but
before shall be fined the following new subparagraph: (e) willfully
intercepts or records any wire or oral communication without the consent of
all the parties to such communication;
(3)	by striking out or at the end of section 2511(1)(d), and by inserting
or at the end of section 2511(1)(d);
(4)	by striking out sections 2511(2)(a)(ii), (b), (c), and (d);
(5)	by striking out section 2511 (3);
(6)	by striking out section 2512(1) Except as otherwise provided in this
chapter, any person who willfully and inserting in lieu thereof Whoever
(7)	by striking out section 2512(2); and
(8)	by striking out sections 2516, 2517, 2518, 2519, 2510 (9).
"Freedom From Surveillance Act of 1975,"
The gist:
"(a) Except as provided in subjections (b) of this section or otherwise
required by statute, whoever being a civil officer of the United States
willfully conducts investigations into, maintains surveillance over, or
maintains records regarding the beliefs, associations, political activities,
or private affairs of any citizen of the United States, or regarding the
beliefs, membership, or political activities of any group or organization of
such citizens, shall be fined not more than $10,000, or imprisoned not more
than one year, or both."
"(b) Nothing contained in the provisions of this section shall be deemed
either to limit or to enlarge such legal authority of the United States as
may exist to:
"(1) collect, receive, or maintain information relevant to an individual who
has committed or is suspected on reasonable grounds to have committed a
"Bill Of Rights Procedures Act of 1975" -- asking for a court order based
upon probable cause for interception of communications, entry of dwellings,
opening of mail, the inspection of and procuring of the records of
telephone, bank, credit, medical and other business or private transactions
of any individual.
....from a 'vintage' 2 vol. copy of the 94th Cong. surveillance hearings,
with a "Center For Investigative Reporting" stamp. ~Aimee

@_date: 2001-11-15 21:48:20
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Sedition 
seems to
but you
I do, too. But, clearly, I'm not an agent.
A field agent would look away from the moving bright spot, take in the whole
room, and see the wolf with the flashlight sitting in the corner.
(That's a ancient Texas proverb, BTW, "House cats do not eat wolves. Wolves
eat house cats." Never made sense to me, aside from the obvious. If anybody
here knows the true meaning/origin of that, I would be interested to hear

@_date: 2001-11-10 21:29:08
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: "Anti-Terrorist" Exception to Atty-Client Privilege? 
See United States v. King, 335 F.Supp 523 (1971). See also the original DOJ
manual and related amendments.
If you can, pick up a copy of Eavesdropping On Trial, '74. It's an
insightful and easy read with good historical footnotes. It's an odd book,
in that it has gained in relevancy through the years. Originally, Congress
was predisposed to outlaw electronic surveillance altogether. Law
enforcement fought for decades to get it. Then, we came up with organized
crime (some still say they "invented" it). Title III was part of the "law
and order" agenda, before we characterized things as "war on." It's
effectiveness in regard to organized crime was even questioned, as that was
the stated target of Title III. It was the time of COINTELPRO, to give you
an idea of the political climate.
Most of the questions raised in '74 (soon after the act's '68 passage and
state implementation), remain unanswered. This suggests that the Title III
scheme itself is flawed.
The forward by Sen. Sam J. Ervin, Jr. is worth a frame:
''The history of American liberty has been a continuing struggle between the
desire for security and the human striving for personal freedom. Too often
it appears that the choice is easy -- for example, that the issue of law and
order is one of balancing the rights of society against the rights of
criminals. But the choice is never as easy as that deceptive formulation
suggests.  The great challenge of our constitutional system is the
continuing reconciliation of these two strong competing interests. Without
law there can be no true liberty, but a constant and exclusive preoccupation
with security is the death of human liberty. This was recognized by American
patriots as long ago as 1775: "Those who would give up essential Liberty, to
purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety."
The citizen who truly honors liberty knows that there are no easy choices.
The public leader who is true to his obligation to inform and educate the
citizenry recognizes that he must shun emotional appeals. It is a great
disservice to the public to succumb to the temptation to make issues of
crime and liberty a political football. Unfortunately, politicians forever
fall victim to the temptation, especially in recent years.
...These issues are too important to be left to the "expert" -- be he
a lawyer, legislator, judge, or prosecutor. While the issues are complex,
this is no arcane subject which the private citizen can safely leave to
others. Few people are neutral about issues such as eavesdropping, but the
public is not well served by rhetoric. As difficult as it may be to address
the subject fairly, openly, and accurately, to do so is necessary if the
public is to be well served.
Words to haunt Congress by?
Only time will tell.

@_date: 2001-11-10 03:09:24
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Combination locks, compelled disclosure, testimonial 
To add to previous case clips/discussions on this topic.
5th Circuit: (see opinion for footnotes)
is subject to custodial interrogation."(4)  The government does not dispute
that Green was in custody when he
identified the briefcase and safe and unlocked the combination locks on
each, after having been transported by ATF agents to his residence and led
around in the execution of the search
warrant.(5)  The government also does not dispute, although it does not
explicitly concede the point, that the ATF agents' actions in taking Green
to his residence and telling him to assist the agents in executing the
search warrant and show them any firearms in the residence was interrogation
likely to elicit an incriminating response.(6)  Green's actions in
disclosing that
there were firearms in the residence, showing the agents where the firearms
were located, and opening the briefcase and safe were all made in response
to queries from ATF agents after he
had invoked his right to counsel.  This was custodial interrogation.
On appeal, the government mentions its argument made before the district
court that, although Green's oral statements may have been elicited during
custodial interrogation in violation
of his Fifth Amendment right to counsel, Green's acts of opening the
combination locks were non-testimonial.  This argument is without merit.
Supreme Court precedent forecloses any argument
that Green's directing the agents to the two cases containing firearms and
opening the combination locks were not testimonial acts.
In Doe v. United States,(9) the majority implicitly held that this precise
behavior was testimonial communication so expressing the defendant's mind as
to constitute compelled self-incriminatory  statements.(10) There is no
serious question but that Green's actions in disclosing the locations and
opening the combination locks of the cases containing firearms were
testimonial and communicative in nature.(11)  These compelled acts disclosed
Green's knowledge of the presence of firearms in these cases and of the
means of opening these cases.(12)  The ATF agents elicited these testimonial
acts in violation of Green's Fifth Amendment right to counsel, and their
admission at trial was reversible error.

@_date: 2001-11-12 23:07:45
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Sedition 
More like corruption...the intimidation and suppression of moderate
viewpoints through public ridicule, an ideological culling based on fears of
association, and then a real or perceived compromise from which there is no
Some would profess American Constitutional ideals, but use methods that
strike me as distinctively un-American in character.
"In troubled waters, there's good fishing."

@_date: 2001-11-18 04:39:56
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Monkeywrenching 
I am no longer on the list. My "Policeman Inside" broke out. He won't let me
be associated with silly salad talk, mission orientation, and Levi-Smithing.

@_date: 2001-11-16 22:50:28
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Monkeywrenching 
[up-posted conversation]
You are working too hard today.
I meant it in the sense that it sounds like they are talking about criminal
defense lawyers.
(i.e., "make numerous references to the US Constitution," "defenders,"

@_date: 2002-01-21 01:04:00
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: More clueless news forwardings 
Meant in jest, Tim.
Maybe you could be less of a sniper.

@_date: 2002-01-21 00:21:01
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RRA model 
Some of you have probably heard of the acronym RMA, for Revolution in
Military Affairs. The other side of the coin is a rapid succession of RRAs -
Revolutions in Revolutionary Affairs.
Certain forms of warfare require sanctuary. Today, the dimensions go beyond
terrain. In my eyes you are extremely unique, but it has little to do with
your political viewpoints. It has to do with my Reuleaux triangle of
sanctuary -- and where I plot you in it, attributing aims/capabilities to
you which you do not have. (Envision a Venn Diagram of representing domains
of sanctuary. In the Reuleaux triangle is a "safe zone" of sorts. Overlay
that with a serious of concentric circles - zones of threat. On the outside
of the circle are specific evolutionary pressures (threats) exerting
influence. I could go on, it's more complicated, but nobody's interested --
it's neither 'applicable,' nor earth-shattering.)
Defenses force political change agendas closer to, or inside of, the
Reuleaux triangle. At the very center, your opponent is rendered blind,
defenseless and irrelevant. It's been done. Some of our traditional foes
have experience with this type of strategy, and People's War concepts in
general. In some hostile countries, because of advances in political
defenses, we will have to identify, and operate in the Reuleaux triangle.
Western societies don't do well with that -- we rarely understand their
cultural sphere.
I didn't want to unnerve any of you, by placing a improper spin on
discussion forum talking about the effects of crypto on society. (More
importantly, I didn't want to add to Tim's "lines of thinking" -- or credit
his ego. It's big enough.) My interest in you wasn't related to "law" at
all, but 4GW. As far as my being some sort of a snitch, I suggested that. I
was interested in seeing any subformal warning network, and I was playing
with my "lines of vulnerability."
I'll leave you alone, if you leave me alone.
I'm sorry that I made you angry. Tim made me mad.

@_date: 2002-01-20 04:58:12
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Disease vectors. 
I'm sure our diplomats were just observing, I didn't mean to suggest
otherwise. The Russians are looking for pretexts. (I note the two
very-public FSB radioactive busts post 9/11.) They have a good machine.

@_date: 2002-01-17 05:26:48
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Cypherpunk Agitprop. 
Yes, it takes two, and I admit my role in it. Let's just drop it, nobody
wants to hear this banter.

@_date: 2002-01-17 03:45:49
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Cypherpunk Agitprop. 
Spirit of ignorance. Somebody FWD'd a quip from Tim May, posted to another
list, referring to an "Agent Farr," connected with hypothetical terroristic
acts. I am only a victim of May's master polemics.
I'm going to disappoint you.
Texas humor. It's misunderstood. It's partially my fault you caught hell, I
"aggravated" Tim. In retrospect, it was most unwise. I should try to stay
out of his radar.
No, I didn't. I have many admirers.
I'm flattered my head was worth $4.
My first TNA.
Reminds me, book of situational interest:
American Political Prisoners: Prosecutions [Under the Espionage and Sedition
By Stephen M. Kohn (Praeger, 1994, ISBN: 0-275-94415-8, 240 pages).
The gist: The book is the product of FOIA requests (and a successful
lawsuit), consisting of official correspondence, letters from prisoners,
photos, etc. of people "not thinking correctly." The prisoners in the book
ran a gamut from labor, anarchists, pacifists, etc. Conditions of
confinement were so poor, that some died before trial, others went insane,
or become infected with TB in prison. Many of them simply circulated written
material. Statements such as "gone crazy over patriotism," "We need
preparedness, not to kill one another, but to live peaceably, happily and
equally," and "war is organized murder," effectively netted people
torturous, abusive conditions. We convicted several preachers for preaching
"do not kill," others for criticizing war bonds, many for membership in the
IWW, and a substantial number of people based on no evidence whatsoever.
(WWI was trench warfare. The military had not yet mastered combat
discipline.) In the eyes of many, patriotism was used as a weapon to quash a
movement (organized labor) seen as a threat to our power structure. It put
an ugly, human perspective on what I otherwise knew as just a few cases and
The laws are still on the books. (Our sabotage and espionage laws do need
I was struck by how some called themselves "internationalists." Our national
security outlook predicts the rise of NGOs and networks based on subnational
identifiers, which will be the cause of subversion and insurrection on a
global scale. It doesn't sound too much unlike the "internationalists," does
The reaction in other countries will no doubt be more extreme.
(I don't envy our people that have to make foreign faction-calls in the
coming environment, it's like sticking your head in a guillotine.)

@_date: 2002-01-16 06:11:34
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Agitprop. 
I'm so damn mad, I can't even subscribe to a mailing list.....

@_date: 2002-01-17 18:14:00
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Responsibility. 
It wasn't an insinuation, just saying that it happens. I would not like to
see this forum further mischaracterized as being associated with certain
activities in the press. It's not fair that people will perceive you in this
way. But, people aren't fair, or 'right-headed.' Moral judgments usually
aren't based on rationality.

@_date: 2002-01-17 16:45:10
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Responsibility. 
When you paint targets on people, other individuals may cause them harm,
seeking some measure of your acceptance. Some here might have actual
"followers," not fans or confederates-in-cause. Some individuals here, and
you even as a group don't have to "ask" for somebody to be hurt, just imply
that it is consistent with your wishes. When somebody expresses targeted
violent sentiments, and you don't correct them, they perceive that as a
ratification. (While "mattd" is a self-identifier, others might not be. You
might not even know about them.) Such "suggestions" are a time-tested method
of obtaining plausible deniability for violent political action.
I would think SOMEBODY can at least make the effort to say something when
violent sentiments are expressed.
Guess not.

@_date: 2002-01-19 18:52:50
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Disease vectors. 
Extortion is the polite term, it was just an easy source to Google up.

@_date: 2002-01-19 16:13:08
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Disease vectors. 
I'm sure you think that's really funny.
"I bet I can get her to fish that up...." *rolls eyes*
[1] [2] 2002-01-14 15:20 MSK - NOTE OF PROTEST SENT TO US EMBASSY
MOSCOW - The Foreign Ministry of the Russian Federation sent a diplomatic
note of protest to the US Embassy in Moscow and expressed its discontent
with activities of the US consulate in Vladivostok, diplomatic sources in
Moscow reported to RosBusinessConsulting today.
The reason for sending the note was the participation of the US Consul
General and the US Consul for political and economic affairs in a
demonstration near the department of the Federal Security Service in the
Primorye region and the court of the Pacific Fleet and the Military
Prosecutor's Office. The demonstration was arranged by the public committee
in the support of military journalist Grigory Pasko on January 10. The
Foreign Ministry of Russia declared the participation of the US officials in
this event "a serous violation of international rules, which may cause
relative measures in response from Russia."  - RBC
Post 9/11, the policy actions in Russia resemble maneuver warfare, not
deliberative politics. Not just changes in regard to foreign policy, but
internal structural changes. Putin has been very busy in speaking to other
countries, and the press has been busy signaling diplomatic and economic
alliances: France, Poland, China, Germany, India, Vietnam, Brazil, Japan....
(He looks like that super-hero guy in the red outfit with the lighting rods
on his ears. The fast guy. Every day, he's had a visit or a phone
conversation with another country.) A few weeks back, we had Russian
generals "going ballistic." (actual English words, in case you might miss
the undertone) This week, big headline: our missile endeavors are going to
ensure U.S. technological hegemony FOREVER!
In just a few months, Russia repositioned itself. They have OODA-loop
politics. (That sort of policy speed is probably on par with what military
might used to be.)
They are restricting foreigners, going through spy/treason mania, gagging
the press, they even have a new law against desecrating the national anthem.
Their new senate consists of powerful people nominated to represent small
regions from which they have no connection whatsoever. (None of this has
made the Washington Post, or I haven't seen it.) 75% of their politicians
take bribes, and the old KGB runs the country. I don't mean to mirror-image,
but it's disturbing -- it's like they *COPIED* our anti-dissent statutes c.
1917, and right before we entered the Cold War. (Espionage & Sedition Acts,
Smith Act, etc....)
Russia is talking about re-nationalizing Soviet intellectual property and
"making lists," with punitive measures, forcing intensive R&D (Russian word
for espionage), especially in the military and oil sectors. (No more silly
embassy games for them, they will task their criminal networks.) Japan stole
entire industry sectors inside of 10 years.
While terrorism is mostly put forth as a dirty tool of policy, it strikes at
the heart of the social contract. Our response: "When all you have is a
hammer, everything looks like a nail." Terrorism makes us hit our own people
and focus on perimeter defenses, which gives subnational groups cohesion and
loads our defensive orientation. It would seem to offer a situation that
other countries can take advantage of in numerous ways. I hope our "War on
Terrorism" isn't masking the advent of another kind of warfare.
They want to undermine public opinion of our intelligence agencies, because
they are after our throat.

@_date: 2002-01-18 21:15:07
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Disease vectors. 
This place has turned into a disease vector for anti-intelligence
propaganda. Some of you are "carriers."
Governments opposed to the re-invigoration of our intelligence capabilities
and American spheres of influence are planting some of this crap. The
Russians made some direct threats of "relative measures" after the Pasko
protests (aimed at the FSB), citing the involvement of U.S. diplomats.

@_date: 2002-01-19 17:38:01
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: bugging the chinese 
See also: ..."What else were they expecting from the Americans? That the plane will be
totally clean, like the new-born child? If they did such a stupid thing 
ordered a plane from the Americans, then they will get a flying spy center,
to carry the leader of the Chinese people on board. It would be better, if
the Chinese examined the plane again, maybe they would find something more
interesting there, taking into consideration the fact that the Chinese
already have the experience with spy planes. They should have ordered a
plane from Russia. We would get the money, and they would get a good plane,
with no bugs."
*rolls eyes* The Russians would never bug anything....and I'm sure their
military-industrial complex hasn't got the big eyes for China.
They knew about this way back (September?October?), yet they only start
bitching about it now?
Discuss events related to China. Will a new Russian-Chinese partnership
counter US influence in the world? Is China a threat to America? We welcome
any posts dealing with China's growing role in international politics.

@_date: 2002-01-19 19:37:36
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Disease Vectors 
I recognize that in the eyes of some, that might be a public service.
I'll go reflect now. ~Aimee "Do not let your opponent see your spirit." -- Miyamoto Musashi

@_date: 2002-01-20 07:53:16
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Crypto-Anarchist Activities Control Act ("CAACA") 
their snitching
So "Cypherpunks" is a political movement, then? You are cohesive, and, as
frequently pointed out, have a written doctrine. (i.e., "read the archives,
twit" seems to echo in my mind). You have meatspace meetings, and members
which identify with you as a "movement."
AN ACT
To protect the United States against certain un-American and subversive
activities by requiring registration of Crypto-Anarchist Networks, and for
other purposes.
TITLE I - CRYPTO-ANARCHIST ACTIVITIES CONTROL
Section 1. (a) This title may be citied as the "Crypto-anarchist Subversive
Activities Control Act of 2002."
NECESSITY FOR LEGISLATION
Sec. 2. As a result of evidence adduced before various committees of the
Senate and House of Representatives, the Congress hereby finds that --
(1) There exists a world Anarchist movement which, in its origins, its
development, and its present practice, is a world-wide revolutionary
movement whose purpose it is, by treachery, deceit, infiltration into other
groups (governmental and otherwise), espionage, sabotage, terrorism, and any
other means deemed necessary, to establish an Anarchist World Disorder
through the medium of world-wide anarchist disorganization.
(2) The direction and control of the world Crypto-anarchist movement is
vested in and exercised by world-wide criminal networks aided by foreign
intelligence agencies hostile to the interests of the United States.
(3) These networks establish, or causes the establishment of, and utilizes,
in various countries, action organizations which are not free and
independent organizations, but are sections of a world-wide
Anarchist-Criminal Conspiracy, and are controlled, directed, and subject to
the discipline of shadow networks who have as their aim the subversion of
United States intelligence gathering capabilities.
(4) Of these groups, crypto-anarchist organizations endeavor to carry out
the objectives of these unholy alliances by bringing about the overthrow of
existing governments by any available means, including force if necessary,
and setting up Criminal dictatorships. Although such organizations usually
designate themselves as political parties, non profit organizations and
loose affiliations of individuals, they are in fact constituent elements of
the world-wide Criminal-Anarchist movement and promote the objects of such
movement by conspiratorial and coercive tactics, instead of through the
democratic process of a free elective system or through the
freedom-preserving means employed by a political party which operates as an
agency by which people govern themselves.
(5) In carrying on the activities referred to above, these organizations in
various countries are organized on a secret, conspiratorial basis and
operate to a substantial extent though organizations, commonly known as
nonprofit organizations, mailing lists and intellectual societies, which in
most circumstances are created and maintained, or used, in such a manner as
to conceal the facts as to their true character and purposes, and their
membership, and to serve as a recruitment vehicle.
(6) The agents of Crypto-Anarchy have devised clever and ruthless espionage,
sabotage and subversive tactics which are carried out in many instances in
form or manner successfully evasive of existing law.
(7) The Crypto-Anarchist network in the United States is inspired and
controlled in a large part by foreign agents, who communicate with them in a
"sneaky" manner.
(8) Crypto-Anarchists represent a clear and present danger to the national
security of these United States, and make it necessary, that Congress, in
order to provide for the common defense, to preserve the sovereignty of the
United States as an independent nation, and to guarantee unto each state a
republican form of government, enact appropriate legislation in recognition
of this conspiracy, and to prevent it from accomplishing its purpose in the
United States.
Sec. 3. For the purposes of this title--
(2) The term "organization"...includes a group of persons, whether or not
incorporated, permanently or temporarily associated together for joint
action on any subject or subjects.
(3) The term "crypto-anarchist infiltrated organization" means....
PROHIBITED ACTS
(It gets nasty here, you don't want to know.)

@_date: 2002-01-20 19:01:49
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: More clueless news forwardings 
"The Finn" is a foreign principal propagandist. If it continues in
disseminating propaganda, we might need to register as agents, as we will be
seen as enagaging in political activities intending to influence any agency
or official of the Government of the United States or any section of the
public within the United States with reference to formulating, adopting, or
changing the domestic or foreign policies of the United States or with
reference to the political or public interests, policies, or relations of a
government of a foreign country or a foreign political party, and so on.

@_date: 2002-02-28 19:59:04
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Now accepting applications for terrorists. 
For a select few here that aspire to terrorist-status, as a member of a core
group or a support apparatus, it appears the U.S. Government is still
accepting applications.
It's a highly competitive process, and not everybody will be approved. Your
application should contain a 3,000 word essay detailing your activities,
planned acts, co-conspirators, and whether or not you are acting under the
direction of an agent of a foreign power. Those that plan an act of violence
within 90 days from the date of their application will receive preferential
treatment. To qualify, you must provide specific and articulable facts
giving reason to believe you are involved in acts involving the use of force
and violence, and why you deserve continuing federal interest. Also include
in your essay why you think you are a "clear and present danger" to the
security of the United States. Please attach any relevant organizational
publications explaining your political philosophy and aims, relevant
correspondence, and other materials that you think might be helpful in
evaluating your application. If you are a member of a support apparatus,
please describe how you provide meaningful and knowing support to a
terrorist group, and why you think you deserve to be recognized. All
applications should include a section on capabilities and an organizational
chart. All applications will be ranked, and returned to you with suggestions
for improvement by a panel of judges.
NOTICE: Mere espionage, treason, subversion, sabotage, militancy,
assassination, advocacy to overthrow the U.S. Government by force or
violence, violence aimed at denying U.S. citizens their constitutional
rights, giving aid or adhering to the enemy, levying war against the United
States, and all sorts of cahooting with foreign powers may not qualify you
to be an official terrorist, much less a threat to the national security of
the United States -- as crazy as that sounds. Winners must make themselves
available for pre-contestant interview, a special award ceremony, and
promotional activities.
(unsubscriber status)

@_date: 2002-02-25 20:44:58
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Liars v. Leakers: Round II 
Gee, think leakers felt their credibility threatened by the Pentagon disinfo
cloud, fearing that they could no longer covertly influence the press and
the American public?
The irony of D.C.

@_date: 2002-02-24 14:08:35
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
[offlist comment redacted]
Do you suppose the Pentagon foresaw the inevitable backlash?
Which gave them an opportunity to state their no-deception policy,
instituting trust in their message?
Razzle-dazzle. Your chip is to provide more correct and timely outside
information than what the local populace can get. That's why they will they
listen to you. People don't listen if you lie. (See Russian polls on trust
in their media and recent Russian media restrictions on press -- including a
threat directed at license revocation for American radio coverage of
The Selling of the Pentagon Controversy (1970-71) and media distortion.

@_date: 2002-02-24 00:53:24
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Toward a new American revolution. 
matt taylor
Hm. Okay.
Sabotage is a divine manipulation of the threads, in time and space. To
understand sabotage, take some barbed wire, spider's silk, and a rainbow.
Weave it into an oriental carpet, in full-view of your enemy, but in such a
way that they cannot discern the pattern. That's sabotage.
If I was given a one-bullet opportunity among "The Enemy" in a time of war,
and I had a choice of  the man hovering over The Little Red Button, or, the
sabotage strategist -- the sabotage strategist would be one dead son of a
But you are not that SOB. You are another SOB. Sabotage is illegal, and your
efforts would likely be without any lasting effect, other than prison. You
will have accomplished nothing other than airing a grievance and
discrediting any cause you might have.
"Morale, if built on knowledge, was broken by ignorance." T.E. Lawrence

@_date: 2002-02-22 18:31:07
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Pentagon OSI. 
Discussing the challenges of perception management by antagonists:
International Conflict Controllers: Manipulators or Manipulated?
Mr. Timothy L. Thomas
Foreign Military Studies Office, Fort Leavenworth, KS.
Great bloodshedding that "never happened" -- due to diplomacy and deception.
War is the means, not the ends. Americans seem to confuse the two -- a Code
Duello Culture. The objective is to get the enemy to do our will. "The
enemy" is just an antagonistic interest, not "a country," as we have been
conditioned to think. That embodies a range of choices, but perception
management, even if it involves deception, should be preferred to battle. It
need not be justified by the actions of an adversary, it can be a virtuous
decision by itself.
Other countries have known resistance to occupation. Concepts deemed
treacherous (secrecy, deceit) became a cultural virtue. Our transition to a
resistance culture is nothing less than the key to our long-term survival.
(In WW II, our enemy held hands along railroads and we still blew them all
to heck.)
If the mind is the target, too many of us are occupied.

@_date: 2002-02-20 17:24:58
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: A critique of "RE: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway 
Yes, I was referring to Indochina. The night of Pearl Harbor, Japanese
troops pretty much issued an ultimatum by surrounding French garrisons. The
Vichy government accepted Japan as a defensive partner, Roosevelt was
negotiating the Indochina issue, (but shortly thereafter froze Japanese
assets in the U.S.). The French presence drew off troops, so they probably
deserve more credit than they got. However, they should have fought and
taken to the jungle. As the allies should have fought in 1940, instead of
negotiating. They surprised us too, of course.

@_date: 2002-02-14 19:33:38
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Cruel and unusual punishment 
James D:     --
The "tryant" is usually the enemy.
If you win, you're usually right.
If you loose, you're usually wrong.
(I'm not against all insurgents, but I almost always tend to disfavor the
shitty ones. I wasn't making a moral judgment, but a factual observation.
Right and wrong can prove strangely relative, but the bodycount is often

@_date: 2002-02-13 18:23:31
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Cruel and unusual punishment 
Yeah, I flipped out. Thanks for the book ref.
I'll stick with Asprey.
Many "revolutionary theorists" reach back to the American revolution. It's a
romantic idea, but today's guerrilla leaders are usually not like them, nor
is the conflict of that character.
"The tree of liberty must be watered periodically with the blood of
It's sad, but I have come to hate that quote, because contemporary history
paints a much different picture: it is no tree of liberty, and it damn sure
isn't the blood of tyrants. I think these people should be given a good look
behind the insurgency curtain. Other appeals don't work.
The job of an insurgency strategist is to trick people. To trick people into
dying for him, and to trick the government into killing them. When you take
that into IW concepts, it gets easier to trick people. At least it would
allow people to make more informed decisions.
No propaganda stuff, just straight answers: "Revolution" is a bitch, and
then you die.
Some of our notions of counterterrorism are dangerously at odds with
holistic counterinsurgency strategy. I am of the opinion that somebody could
exploit that to great effect. They have in the past.

@_date: 2002-02-12 21:12:30
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Cruel and unusual punishment 
It would be a people's war, and it would have the opposite effect of what
you envision, and endear leaders to the populace.
The reprisal is the same. If you can't bring the actors to account, you will
punish those that harbor or aid. If not that, hostages. The same theme plays
out today in new ways. Russia just passed legislation holding 'knowing'
family members responsible.
You are the one that seeks to solve a political issue at the point of the
sword. That's war, not a Lincoln-Douglas debate. I believe my Gen. Paine is
more qualified to speak to the issue.
Assassination: the choice of an incompetent generation.
AP is not without historic precedent. A big one. It was a waste of bucks,
bodies and bullets.
Assassination has the effect of empowering that which you oppose,
solidifying their position, hardening your target, undermining your moral
position, identifying "something," and rendering "something" vulnerable to
spirals of reprisal that you cannot withstand. Only in rare circumstances
would you want to kill the "leader" of anything. The leader you know is
better than one you don't. New enemies mean new plans. You should never let
anybody kill your enemies, after you work so hard to make people hate them.
The people will follow somebody they love, and you don't kill the enemy
leader until that's you.
Your choice of tactics mirrors your capability. Assassination is somebody
flashing before they flesh. If you were an insurgent, in some far-off
country, petitioning for my support against a mutual evil -- and I had to
support somebody -- you just got crossed off my list of contenders. That's
ESPECIALLY if my objective was destabilization and general havoc.
Aside from being sick....assassination is stupid on the tactical merits
alone. Works in a narrow set of circumstances, and you don't have it.
But it is dumb for the most ancient of reasons: "Deny your enemy power in
the afterlife."
There are a thousand ways to beat a live enemy, but zero ways to beat a dead
one. In our human past, Tribe A would go kill a member of Tribe B. Tribe B
when then attack and fight for a dead man, sometimes calling his name for
generations. To our ancestors, that was puzzling. IMO, they concluded there
was a enemy afterlife. From then on, many mutilated the bodies of their
enemies. The most powerful enemies -- DEAD MEN. Men will fight in their
names for centuries. They usually died in battle. For some cultures,
immortality remains associated with death in battle, and we still want to
"die whole" in body and soul. Our ancestors were buried with weapons. IMO,
it wasn't a sentimental gesture. A warrior fought for his tribe -- even in
There are still "ancestor insults" in many cultures. War was a contest
between living wills, but also dead ones. In our exchange, you "called on
the spirit" of Thomas Paine. I had to go get another dead guy to meet your
dead guy. Somebody even pointed out that my General Paine dead guy was
"spiritually polluted," and inferred that your dead guy was better than my
dead guy. Things really haven't changed much.
Part of the reason assassination is frowned upon, has it's roots here. You
must meet the enemy in battle and beat him there. To kill him is not enough.
You fight more than an enemy body, you fight the demon that is the soul of
the man. (We let Stalin die whole. We will fight him again. He's not dead.)
Old soldiers never die. Some men fight forever. Men that died "whole,"
perhaps even killed, but not beaten.
Your ancestors knew this, so do you. In our current conflict, we should
forget what we've learned, and do what we know. If I got to pick warriors, I
would go to battle and throw men at a line. The ones that want to run
away -- the ones that hang towards the back -- my guys.
America is a dueling culture in a savage land.

@_date: 2002-02-11 22:37:55
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Cruel and unusual punishment 
Mr. Soze:
People's war rests on unity of mind. Willy-nilly killing? You fail to
accomplish any people's objective and loose one of your strategic strengths.
I don't think Stalin would think much of this idea, and he would probably be
the guy to ask.
Ahem. Unchartered?
Ah, the WW I kick-off model. Note: the war for dead boys. Combat is always
subservient to political strategy. AP is subservient to individual will.
The longest tooth wins the battle, but the longest tail wins the war.
"I shall shoot every guerrilla taken in my district, and if your southern
brethren retaliate by shooting a Federal soldier, I will walk out five of
your rich bankers, and cotton men, and make you kneel down and shoot them. I
will do it, so help me God." ~ General Paine.
I'll see your Paine, and raise you one Lockwood, Schwill, and Stephens on
Revolutionary Europe.
How did they fare against Chiang and Mao?
I wouldn't give up your day job just yet, and I think you are pulling my
Personal conflict as a precursor for war is based on the retaliatory cycle
of violence. Traditional: a member of A must kill a member of B. Tribe B
wishes to retaliate, but Tribe A shelters the actor. You lack those
What do you offer? Vengeance, or insecurity and uncertainty? ("Men of the
South, it is better to die on your feet, than live on your knees!" ~Zapata)
Dead bodies do nothing. Aside from encouraging spiraling reprisals, a large
adversary has redundancy in leadership. In the French Resistance, the Front
National *alone* killed 600 Germans -- a month. Revolutions are usually by
martyr. _YOU_ BLEED TO LEAD, not the other way around. Usually.
AP is certainly no tool "for the people." The concept is closest to Mao's
"fundamental" force or primitive warfare. But AP is based on cowardice, not
courage. Division, instead of unity. Criminality, rather than cause. Enmity,
not education. etc. It's "the Greece mistake" no? -- a warning to anybody
that seeks to play on criminal mentality to achieve a social or political
In people's conflict, time is the terrain and tradition the target.
Clandestine warfare is not about "hiding," but "constantly escaping." (I
believe T.E. Lawrence wrote on that extensively.)
What you really escape is not the enemy, but arranged conflict. You break
space to fight in time. Most people see guerrillas yielding territory, and
talk about how they master space and mobility...but, they are
territory-focused. They see "hiding," because they are space-focused. TIME
is their terrain, their tool, and even their terror. The Apaches were time
warriors, they didn't stand their ground -- they stood their time. Terrorism
is "time warfare" with noncombatant targets.
Disperse war through time and space -- and you've hit the American
blindspot. Unbundle and disassociate the actors also, and yes, you might
have something...but now, is that really "uncharted territory?"
Takes Apache to kill Apache.

@_date: 2002-02-10 01:10:55
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Cruel and unusual punishment 
Mr. Soze said:
Mr. Matt:
Somebody else:
What's new? The Dail (1919 Ireland), People's Organizations (1940s USA),
....anyway, there is a lot of this stuff. Ta-ta, who skipped their Comintern
DROCHEDA BEWARE!
If in the vicinity a policeman is shot, five of the leading Sinn Feiners
will be shot. It is no coercion -- it is an eye for an eye....
Are we to lie down while our comrades are shot by the cornerboys and
raggamuffins of Ireland? We say, 'never,' and all the inquiries in the world
will not stop our desire for revenge. Stop the shooting of the police, or we
will lay low every house that smells Sinn Fein, and remember Balbriggan.
By order,
The Black and Tans
Assassination has proven a poor political solution for revolutionary
climates, People's War, and political agendas. Killing only gets you a body.
Michael Collins was proficient (Anglo-Irish War 1916-1921), but even he
caught the bullet -- and he had a lot of things going for him that some of
you don't. Ever since, people have tried to use assassination as a tool for
this genre of warfare. The problem is reprisals and replacement.
The rules of People's War are different, and assassination cuts against
certain accepted principles. Leaders of revolutionary movements know that
reprisals come in blood, and bind the lives of their people -- and that *is*
their cause. If you go around and just start killing people, you will be
branded with criminality, rather than a people's cause. Not even the people
you supposedly fight for will support you -- yours will be a wolf's head. It
undermines your moral position, and it removes the  bonds of your adversary.
Assuming AP was possible, why would ANYBODY want uncontrolled assassination?
Many conflicts suggest insurgent numbers will be the first to come up.
Also, in today's culture, anonymous assassination is not want most assassins
want. They want identification, because of the "pussy-profile" associated
with amateur assassins, and assassination meme followers.
My opinions are certainly open to question....and more so if any you have
experience running "The Squad." Otherwise, I await "the uprising" with
baited breath. I would appreciate forewarning, so I can volunteer to be the
U.S. Gov't pitcher girl.

@_date: 2002-02-16 16:27:40
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Say a goodnight prayer for joshua. 
Jomini? Who is talking about Jomini? Choate? (!)
He actually saw the enemy and fought him, whereas Clausewitz has
questionable credentials. For irregular warfare, Jomini is better than
Clausewitz, but Jomini was very pragmatic, which limits the extrapolations,
I guess.
Choate is correct. My spellchecker error. :)

@_date: 2002-02-13 18:16:04
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Say a goodnight prayer for joshua. 
There are MILLIONS of people that stand between that boy and evil of any
sort, and support his Daddy. He might read this someday, and he'll probably
come to the conclusion that his father was a tolerant man, despite
perceptions to the contrary.
Jim Bell was arrested for stalking "protected persons." Not even our
military is exposed to the sort of personalized fear and exposure that
public servants and their families experience today.
"War is an act of force to compel our enemy to do our will." Where a man's
family is concerned, words count.
I'm fairly certain you just crossed the Rubicon.

@_date: 2002-02-16 16:37:25
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Research shows just how much people hate a winner... 
Choate has considerable support. The mark of a that type of society is
constant warfare.

@_date: 2002-02-14 23:19:35
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: RFC for TBP 1.0 (teddy bear protocol) 
Don't tell me how I think or feel, what a cheap shot.
Ms. Farr thinks the best thing we can do is valiantly protect your
liberties, and avoid being provoked into a repressive orientation by fear,
and into division by uncertainty. When you see these things, you are
probably offended and perceive a bad future. I see visions of the death of a
nation. (Romans sacrificed too much of their liberty for safety, it's one of
the reasons they lost it, and fought two centuries of guerrilla warfare in
Spain.) I would rather fight on my feet, than live on my knees. But war
always means sacrifice, and sometimes you do have to duck. At any rate, I
really don't think that your problem is with the likes of me.
"...I well know the character of that senseless monster the people, unable
either to support the present or foresee the future, always desirous of
attempting the impossible, and of rushing headlong to its ruin. Yet your
unthinking folly shall not induce me to permit your own destruction, nor to
betray the trust committed to me by my sovereign and yours. Success in war
depends less on intrepidity than on prudence to await, to distinguish, and
to seize the decisive moment of fortune. You appear to regard the present
contest as a game of hazard, which you might determine by a single throw of
the dice; but I, at least, have learnt from experience to prefer security to
speed. But it seems that you offer to reinforce my troops and to march with
them against the enemy. Where then have you acquired your knowledge of war?
And what true soldier is not aware that the result of a battle must chiefly
rest on the skill and discipline of combatants? Ours is a real enemy in the
field; we march to a battle and not to a review."
--Belisarius, 537

@_date: 2002-02-17 22:30:26
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Protection of the Righteous Act applies to Whole World, Say 
Hatred that has been brewing for centuries.
In the early 1900s, the British would not leave ground forces unsupported in
the Middle East, because one successful attack on a garrison would swell the
effective insurgent population by 1/3 to 1/2. They couldn't reinforce fast
enough. That was overnight, and just insurgents in the immediate area.
Because of this, the British used a tactic called "butcher and bolt,"
because they just owned the ground they stood on. Their "pacification"
campaigns relied heavily on air power reprisals, supported by temporary
ground troops. Sound familiar? (Lawrence viewed air power as wholly
ineffective and a show-off measure, even though it supported his dictum that
"range is more to strategy than force." Range is what makes Al Qaeda a
serious force in being.)
A repeated theme, repeated so much it's mindboggling -- lulls in activity
were always interpreted a sign of weakness and disruption, which called for
pats on the back. It was usually a sign of recruitment and reorganization.
While we have made great strides in the last century, I don't think we have
successfully addressed the problem of Western arrogance.
Everybody has started to make fun of those FBI warnings. They will have to
get more specific with each warning now. Fostering a awareness fatigue is a
good softening strategy for a "fundamental" surprise attack.
...Each private man
Has a public cause to elucidate him,
And a reasonable sense of having been wronged.
If you like you can call this man your enemy;
It's what he expects.
--Christopher Fry, The Dark Is Light Enough

@_date: 2002-02-19 04:53:22
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Slashdot | Americans And Chinese Internet Censorship 
Continuing the....."no wonder they hate us so much" thread.
This is mostly off the top of my head, so I invite others to add
insight/correct mistakes:
Riding the opium and human trade, missionaries and Western influence gave
China a culture shock, which caused the Taiping Rebellion of 1850 -- 40
million dead. Guerrilla activity lasting through 1864. A man named Hung
Hsiu-ch'uan(?) had a religious vision where he was the son of God and the
younger brother of Jesus Christ. They called themselves "God Worshippers"
and raised a substantial army. It bled China so bad they had to go to the
West for money, because they were fighting Moslem rebels in the North. (As
they are today.) Colonial powers used the weakness and leverage to grab
Burma (U.K.), Vietnam (French), Manchuria (Russia), etc. and so on, looting
the rest of the country. From 1865 on, China was divided up among Western
powers and exploited as a trinket-state. The cultural shock created multiple
rebellions, anti-foreigner attitudes and internal unrest. In 1900, the Boxer
Rebellion slaughtered missionaries. With the 1919 Peking University riots,
China had rejected the West. Then came Kai-shek v. Mao and a war with Japan.
A century of bloodshed caused by outside influence.
I'm not 'making excuses' for China.

@_date: 2002-02-21 19:12:49
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
Ken Brown:
Yes, but they couldn't get them to fight. Kai-shek was just interested in
fighting Mao, rather than cleaning house. Mao wasn't interested in fighting
the Japanese, either. Both figured the U.S. was going to win and prepared
for a post-war showdown. Kai-shek manipulated us through diplomatic
extortion. General Stilwell couldn't get anybody to listen to him. Chiang
knew how to manipulate both the service (dependent on translators) and the
diplomatic environment to play for time -- *his influence in the U.S. was
good*. Mao knew his bargaining position was getting better all the time,
fueled by the abuses of Kai-shek's regime, the terror that was his army, and
some suspiciously easy raids on Soviet-guarded ammunition dumps.
Stilwell (correspondence to Marshall):
"...Kai-shek has no intention of making further efforts to prosecute the
war....believes he can go on milking the United States....He has no
intention of instituting any real democratic regime....I believe he will
only continue his policy and delay, while grabbing for loans and postwar
aid, for the purpose of maintaining his present position, based on one-party
government, and reactionary policy, on the suppression of democratic ideas
with the active aid of his Gestapo."
Stilwell was replaced for having the courage to stand up to diplomatic
winds, in part fueled by what some think were powerful U.S. Chinese
While the factors were certainly more complicated, I think it stands for the
proposition that people that promote foreign agendas, wittingly or
unwittingly, deserve closer scrutiny.
I've heard allegations that that recommendations for action have been
de-railed by powerful interest groups -- especially in the Middle East. If
true, I can't imagine the privately-voiced disillusionment of some public
servants that find themselves vetoed by "Inc."
What does it say when many of our intelligence resources have something in
common with interests deemed to be "subversive" (anti-corporate) in the
United States?
I believe that the U.S. has an interest, and a duty, to prevent and monitor
subversion via corporate "active measures." What is the difference between
the CPUSA and XYZ, Inc. if they are both doing the same damn thing?
The "alienation" index is stable, but polls suggest that Americans don't
feel disaffected, they feel displaced -- that's a class struggle, different
from the 60s and 70s. I look indicators of past revolutionary change,
and we have them, although it's different than much of the world
experience -- but so are we. In the main, we see it as the sickness of
criminality, rather than a symptom of general unrest exposed at the fringe.
While revolutions often take generations, I fear our kettle is starting to
In my reading, I always notice one thing common among dead nations and
ousted occupiers: the failure to validate and legitimize conflict, because
it's deemed unpatriotic. (They are never revolutionaries, they are always
"bandits" -- with minimal public sympathy, and soon to be quashed. It's
repeated so often, it's comical.)
Moreover, there's always somebody that has the virtue and courage to stand
up and point to the problem representing a failure of perception, in the
bound interests of the nation and the regime. Their fate: embarrassment,
replacement, banishment, mutilation, incarceration, torture, death -- many
What is the word for that poor SOB? I don't think "whistleblower" does these
people justice, because other people have already blown the whistle, and
everybody heard it, but refused to acknowledge it. Some kind of canary,
maybe? Many would have saved nations, and averted the most historic of
Surely, there is a "special word" for these people, yes?
"It is not without any basis, not without good reason, that the Greeks had
in the past a natural tendency towards freedom, or now towards servitude.
There then existed something, an element in the spirit of the people, which
today there is no more, but which in those days overcame the wealth of
Persia and led Greece to freedom, which was never defeated in battle... but
whose loss now has brought everything to ruin.... Yet warships and men and
supplies of money and materials, and everything which would be judged to
contribute to the power of cities, are present in greater numbers and
abundance now than then. But it is all rendered useless, ineffective and
without value by venality." ~Demosthenes, on why Athens fell to a tyrant

@_date: 2002-02-21 05:56:30
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
Yes, but I can't help but be impressed by even the facade of intellectual
honesty in public discourse, especially one involving a professional cadre
which has diverted their professional energies into political means to the
extent this community has. The alternative is to become an unwitting

@_date: 2002-02-20 17:31:36
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
Oh, be a little more tolerant. Faustine isn't coy, she's humble. She gives
her opinion, and some helpful refs to allow you to come to your own
conclusion. A sign of integrity: respect for other people's opinions, and an
acknowledgement of other people's work.

@_date: 2002-02-19 22:00:11
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
Perception management.
Japan's "Asia for the Asiatics" propaganda was a sign of military expansion,
and was totally ignored by allied powers -- to our great loss -- and
surprise. In most countries, they just walked in (hell, they walked over
France). In the 40s and 50s, we also had Comintern agents agitating Asian
populations against the West. Warning signals were all over the place, and
we flat-out failed to see the significance, due to American notions of
Several far-sighted military commentators of the 40s-50s, which had embraced
guerrilla-political tactics, pointed to Asian attitudes (and even the
India-Pakistan conflict) as holding the key to the Middle East for the
U.S.S.R., and stressed that we needed to undertake a perceptual offensive to
combat anti-Western agitprop.
I have a axis map of 1950 here, hypothesizing conflict and guerrilla bases
in Asia as auxiliary forces to augment the technical inferiority of the
U.S.S.R. -- it is rather spooky, as it mirrors today's map, with China as a
new player. Certainly, the author did not foresee the possibility of today's
terrorism, with world-wide range, or it's possible use as an auxiliary (or
even decisive force in being), but it fits nicely with the that line of
So, something like the Office Of Strategic Influence, has been called for,
in strength, for 50 years. These calls for change were ignored and not
supported by the military, who rarely considered populations as incipient
forces in being.
We made the same mistake in WW II, by failing to cultivate a climate
receptive to resistance. Indeed, to a large extent, we relied on communists
(like Tito) to fight -- a deal with the Devil in many countries, because
Britain was fighting for survival. Had we seeded ideas beforehand and
understood the political climate, we would have fought from a position of
strength, and minimized the rise of post-war communist influence and civil
wars. One of the great strengths of Comintern - HUMINT. They got there
In WW II, the British Royal Air Force did not want to "dirty itself" with
the SOE, even if it cost them their country. The idea of dropping in
civvies-dressed saboteurs, was just not gentlemanly for Sandhurst men. It
was "deceptive and unethical." Had the SOE received more support, and seeded
stay-behind resistance, the SOE and the OSS would have likely deterred
invasions -- saving millions of lives. There was even resistance to
"coastwatcher" programs, which ended up playing a major role in the war.
(Todays "coasts" : American corporations.)
If Wingate's "long range penetration" (ala terrorism) is a new game, along
with Anti-Western agitation, this is an important defensive measure. We are
looking at a situation not unlike the 1940s, which Japan took advantage of
via a series of greased invasions. Other countries could do the same thing
in the future. Colonial arrogance refused to see the power in the peasant,
or in small power-brokers. IMO, OSI is more about recognition, than
Our "gentlemanly" notions of conflict and fair-play, together with Western
arrogance -- nearly lost us Europe, laid the foundations for Vietnam, and
terms like "mutually assured destruction." We ignored the people -- seeing
only traditional military force -- a orientation that continued throughout
the Cold War.
So, I'd say the Pentagon just got a major clue. One that is at least 50
years overdue, and places us about a century behind some of our adversaries.

@_date: 2002-02-23 22:53:48
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Toward a new American revolution. 
By this I mean people that take a scholarly, as opposed to tactical,
interest in these matters. Lest somebody misinterpret my comment. Sabotage
advocacy is a sign of a "very sick" political movement. I see how you hate,
Mr. Taylor.

@_date: 2002-02-23 22:13:39
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Toward a new American revolution. 
matt taylor:
That's about "2 peso's worth" of sabotage. That's not real sabotage. True
sabotage is a science. It takes in every level of war. It is a most unique
war discipline. Sadly, it must be a lost science, or we wouldn't built
things the way we did. (Oh, the irony. Once we knew such greatness...
sigh -- but I digress.)
Oh, please.... I research in social conflict and resistance -- including
treason, sedition, subversion and _sabotage_. You know, crimes against the
Loosen up, people. :-]
I only wish I had "traitors." That would presuppose a patriotic interest in
a sizable cadre of confederates.
I think this is one of the reasons we have been caught unprepared -- most
people have no idea about the nature, and sophistication, of a sabotage
campaign. What you see in the media is somewhat misleading.
I haven't seen any calls to revisit the sabotage statutes (we did in the
70s), and they are screaming for it.

@_date: 2002-02-23 19:40:56
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Toward a new American revolution. 
You must have an odd measure of success.
Griffith didn't like him too much.
But wildly different cultures.
Yes, but who is "we?"
Oh? So, then, what are 'the serious people' ghosting in intelligence,
organizational structure and operational concepts? It looks like "The
Mouseketeers Take On The American Revolution."
Or, is this is part of the D&D campaign for incubation: "Operation: Dumber
Than We Look."
Don't take that as a personal affront, surely you are disappointed in the
caliber of many of your colleagues in cause....
I love to hear you say that.
Allow me to take the liberty to speak for your adversary.....
...."If you knew what you think I know, I wouldn't have to kill you."
Now, that's a man to fear, because death is the least of his intentions.
To the Republic for which it stands,
A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot
survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for
he is known and carries his banner openly. But the traitor moves amongst
those within the gate freely, his sly whispers rustling through all the
alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. For the traitor
appears not a traitor; he speaks in accents familiar to his victims, and he
wears their face and their garments, he appeals to the baseness that lies
deep in the hearts of all men. He rots the soul of a nation, he works
secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of the city, he
infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less
to fear. -- Marcus Tullius Cicero 42 BC

@_date: 2002-02-22 18:31:08
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Toward a new American revolution. 
And I made the comment that the kettle was boiling. *slap* but I stand by
Hm. Looks like "Constintern" propaganda, -- again, the American Revolution.
One of the marks of Revolutionary activity today is "a return to a mystic
past," it has no practical significance. Our revolutionary past is romantic,
but it's somewhat tactically stale.
People's War -- just *some* characteristics:
1. rarely successful
2. not against native government
3. strong nationalism
4. political unification
5. intensive preparation and perception management (Perception War)
6. world-class intelligence
7. shadow government
8. extreme mobility
9. organized education
10. sanctuary, logistics & support
In modern People's War, it's kind of like the quote, "the jungle is
neutral," but the jungle is the people. Another quote, but I can't remember
the source: "there are no non-combatants in jungle warfare." Effectives will
be terrorists -- based on capability, and they will never evolve to a stage
of contention. Even our structure of our government insulates us from a
The most important message a revolutionary has: "we can win."
Somebody needs to show them: "you will LOOSE," and here's the realities, and
here's the alternatives for peaceful change. And, ideally, here's
something -else- for you to do and identify with, but no pressure.
I would bet on some foreign connection this time. Our adversaries seek to
reduce our will and capability to make war. Most agents-of-influence are
unwitting, and a tour of "the files," might cause them to look behind the
curtain before making a decision that could set a hook in their mouth.
We need a...something that's not counterterrorism or criminal-based, but
something based on research, open monitoring (not surveillance), creative
outreach, deterrence.... a "soft" approach that NEVER offers the opportunity
to escalate the conflict but seeks engagement (dangle-dangle), does not
de-legitimize patriotic sentiments, or seek to quash dissent (it's a safety
valve). If that won't sell Congress, they need another job.
Revolutions require counterintelligence. That forces us to protect sources
and methods -- I can argue that threat is a societal trend. It also involves
military targets and sabotage, not just "terrorism." And, again, I bet on a
foreign connection, if only because of our communication means. That's some
big dog jurisdiction, revolutionary boys and girls, by people that have
actually "done revolution."
BTW, during the Red Scare, 51 percent of Americans supported jailing
Communists outright.
For there has never been a protracted war from which a country has
benefited. ~Sun Tzu

@_date: 2002-02-24 16:12:13
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: WSJ Encrypted Laptop 
Al-Q must have taken a relationship-selling course. (The Psychology of
Relationship Selling : Developing Repeat and Referral Business; Relationship
Selling: The Key to Getting and Keeping Customers. Available on Amazon.) I
seriously fear these people are playing to the ego, mutual interest and
performance pressure. There has never been a successful strategic terrorist
(by my definition of terrorism). Illusion of movement/momentum for
recruitment? Diversion? This is all very stinky.
In past wars, you could predict axes by examining flare ups in
resistance/guerrilla movements, since agitation was a diplomatic card. (The
underground wars preceded the real ones.) Our counterterrorism deployments
are interesting, as is where we are exerting coercive diplomacy. We've got
insurgency, conflict and protests in some damn interesting spots.
I question how well we correlate strike, protest, subversive
activity/agitation/propaganda, and sabotage/IW inferences these days --
especially at home, due to domestic constraints. I would think that would
keep a "war room" quite busy with inference scanning. With today's
coordination, it's possible to see shadows of influence, instead of "just
our imagination."
That's essential defense, and with the aftermath of Church & Pike, I
wouldn't be surprised if we don't have much. The shift of power has changed
since Vietnam, and when it comes to domestic security, I don't think it
works in our favor. (As if Vietnam was good for us, and they wanted us to
If our domestic restrictions (guidelines and jurisdiction) are tying hands,
I think the American public will support changing them.
What do you think the reaction will be? Are some of you just going to "go
direct action" if that happens?
Serious questions.

@_date: 2002-02-24 14:21:34
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: WSJ Encrypted Laptop 
Moscow correspondent. Computer destroyed. Shopping. Offer/Acceptance. At
some point, this is not a "trail of evidence" this is a propaganda diversion
"campaign" conducted through evidence. You think they were preparing for a
damn documentary instead of a terrorist attack. They keep leaving evidence
that suits political agendas.

@_date: 2002-02-26 02:22:14
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Chinese Gestapo experience home. 
Umkay. Well, if we were in this situation, I would be glad that you felt
this way.
It would give me a better chance at getting in this guy's outfit.

@_date: 2002-02-25 19:56:28
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Chinese Gestapo experience home. 
Should you ever rely on another man for your life, and he relies on you for
the same, perhaps you will know what "the urge to command, and the will to
obey" is really about.
Men that become mountains refuse no ground or stream.

@_date: 2002-02-25 16:19:13
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Chinese Gestapo experience home. 
As you seek to undermine the security and integrity of the U.S. Government,
perhaps that is a subject worthy of your attention. Where Japan couldn't,
China can.
You insult the sacrifices of the greatest of men -- from both our countries.
This is not to make light of your forces, which are some of the greatest
fighting men the world has ever known, like 2/2 Company.

@_date: 2002-03-31 22:29:58
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: IWAR Threat Model 
Well, it says it's an old paper, and the audience could be general. Anyway,
I enjoyed one of his other papers, and somebody else considered it worthy
enough to pass along. The source that passed it along probably wouldn't ever
read a RAND publication, and view the relevance of their materials the same
way I view lint.
I don't know Mr. Wilson's situation, but some people with operational
mind-sets are "awfully dated and rudimentary," but damn good in operational
contexts, whereas some people with contemporary analytical mind-sets
couldn't drive a cow out of a barn unless it was a theoretical cow in a
theoretical barn, the entire situation transpired on paper, and adhered to
game theory, graphs and flow-charts. In contrast, operational mind-sets work
best in a continual state of mistake and against the laws of gravity. Even
though they might not be especially rigorous, they are especially relevant,
and prone to decision-making and risk-taking, rather than analysis and
hedging. :P
Again, I don't know his bio, but one of his papers kind of struck me that
way, and you run across it a lot in military theory. I found his style
refreshing and conversational.
I have great respect and appreciation for RAND people, (not just for their
work, but for their approachability). My comments aren't slurring the
authors you cited, nor their works, nor you. I appreciate the references of

@_date: 2002-03-27 02:28:04
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: signal to noise proposal 
I sent a silly "CYPHERPUNKS IQ TEST" to the list and received a ton of
private replies. Very few selected one of the "available" answers. They
constructed alternative answers....but also alternative contexts,
observables and event streams, mostly in narrative. I didn't solicit them to
tell me what wasn't there, or to summon what didn't exist.
One psychological experiment presented a fault-tree to a group of mechanics.
It listed possible reasons that a car wouldn't start. Say reasons 1-10, *out
of 50 available.* After seeing the information presented like that, the
mechanics were hard pressed to come up with more than a handful of
additional alternatives -- when asked.
I'm not suggesting that my "woman amongst the ferns" is the equivalent of
that, but it could be suggestive.
Some of these guys can call the jinn.

@_date: 2002-03-24 01:08:21
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: State of non-agency 
Faustine's reply...
Well for one, If I broke the laws of mathematics I'd lose time, waste an
incalculable number of other people's man-hours, lose face, lose my job, and
and whatever we happen to be trying to get done do would fail miserably--
I'd be held entirely accountable for it. Next question...
(Oh. My mistake.)
I'll bet people in the business see it differently. Man, if anyone ever
proof you aren't an agent, there it is... ;)
(*laughter* Let's just say I see opportunities that others might not.)
I couldn't disagree more. If what you say is correct, why are so many
setting up corporate intel divisions? Have a look at the SCIP website, it's
growth industry. In fact, I'd be more surprised if something like BlackNet
already fully operational. As if any of the involved parties would have the
slightest interest in publicizing it! Won't happen, ever.
(Yes, but how do you really feel? Provocation tactics. As if *I'm* one to
point that out, heh-heh. I'm just looking at from an odd angle, and I'm not
disagreeing with what you are saying.)
I have a hunch the real impact of BlackNet-like system(s) will start to be
be in the next couple of decades. If we aren't already feeling them now.
(Let me know if you see one.)
But "secrets" aren't just unprocessed information; it's precicely this
added acumen (admittedly in short supply all around) which turns raw
information into finished analysis that's priceless. For more on this, you
could hardly do better than to read Greg Treverton's "Reshaping Intelligence
for an Age of Information". He's a friend of Robert Steele, spoke at the OSS
conference last year, was on the Church Committee and used to be the top
analyst at the National Intelligence Council. I'm pretty sure I put a link
this here before; check the archives if you're interested.
(Thanks, Faustine.)
Of course it seems that way to you, given your assumptions and motivations.
Others have always come to a different conclusion, and always will.
e.g. who can ever know what was going in Bob Hanssen's skull--the fact
remains that he did a hell of a lot of damage.
(Nice poster.)
As if the people practicing it-- government patriots, spies, traitors,
agents, merceanries, freedom fighters, and assorted shitheels of all
persuasions-- care about illegality one way or the other. For good or bad,
all of them it really does come back to the laws of mathematics. The only
to counter math is with better math, like it or not.
(You are dangerously intuitive.)

@_date: 2002-03-23 02:33:00
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: I'm no "agent." 
I meant to say "a" stale.
But wait, that's not all....
"I find your lack of faith disturbing." -- Darth Vader
What happens if you break the laws of mathematics? Do fractions with guns
chase you? Do you get put in a random number prison? Or, does couching a
choice of law between the "laws of men," and "the laws of mathematics" smack
of some fallacy?
Not hiring a single lawyer, not even _consulting_ (emphasis his) a lawyer,
more truly means you are a complete moron and disdain even calculated risk.
If you break the law by a significant act in that direction, you set your
own hook for co-option, especially in espionage.
I don't see a marketplace opportunity in an espionage Black Net. In
high-tempo complex event streams with changing decision-makers, shifting
goal-setting, interveners, variable resources, etc. -- the advantage to be
gained by competitors (of any sort) more truly lies elsewhere. Mere secrets
no longer offer the edge, because they offer a short half-life of
decision-relevance. Now, 3 days to 3 months, and it grows shorter. Few
competitors have decision-utility in terms of capability and readiness to
take advantage of "secrets." Most of the information you need is open
source, or can be gained by acumen with low-risk. Add in the traitor element
and the "go to jail" consideration, and it looks like a no-go to me.
(Espionage is more traditionally called treason, BTW. It's even in the
But, hey, a man should feel free to make his own decisions, just like Tim
tells him to.

@_date: 2002-03-22 22:18:46
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: I'm no "agent." 
Tim, lay off the maskirovka will ya?
I'm tired of the snitch-jacket, and it's an stale narrative.
Besides, imaginative bias and perceptual predispositions can be used to lead
a person, or a group, to form erroneous conclusions without resorting to

@_date: 2002-03-25 13:54:19
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: signal to noise proposal 
Well, I doan' kno' nuttin' 'bout no agents. That fact has been established.
But, you know, after pondering on that a bit...What if "the lie" was
supposedly "really secret stuff?"
You know, "ME LUCKY CHARMS!"
I know the little boys and girls are after me lucky charms.
If "3 or more agents" happen to run in the door with me lucky charms, that
might smell really fishy to some people since leprechauns are hard to catch.
Furthermore, if you ask them about these lucky charms in isolation, they
better know the lucky charms like the back of their hand, or further
investigation is likely to review not-so-lucky inconsistencies. The
"knowing" part can be rendered irrelevant by context, indeed it is sometimes
imperative that everybody KNOW so as to provide...uhm.....secondary and
alternative consistency.
And, "lucky charm lies" can take many forms, including physical, which might
be subject to verification, additional investigation and other stuff I don't
want to happen to me lucky charms, because I might want the enemy to believe
they are TRULY "lucky," "charmed," and "mine."
I'm sure "it depends," but perhaps that wisdom came from just such a

@_date: 2002-03-25 05:40:47
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: signal to noise proposal 
Sure seems so to me.
Different signals are salient to different receivers, and more so when a
group departs from targeted goal-seeking, that being determinative of
Salience is not based on reality, but upon congruence with a perceptual
framework and mind-set. Based on my observations, anything that does not fit
within that framework is treated as a hostile signal. Groups end up engaging
in nothing more than perceptual filtering. The result is often high
"sprignal" instead of high "signal." (Recognizing the blur between your
concept of signal and mine.) You are a maximum entropy channel, probably in
part due to the increasing discord among goals, capabilities and
perceptions, but also because of the interactions that you allow, high
receptivity, etc.
Most reputation schemes fail to separate the concept of source reliability
and accuracy, much less take in considerations of coherence, credibility or
intrinsic confirmation. It strikes me as destructive. (A high channel error
rate is suggestive of a manipulated/corrupted channel, rather than a "good
moderation system.")
The biases involved with "past behavior" ratings are many, but some strike
me as particularly relevant: (1) people tend to attribute the behavior of
another person based on their "nature" or "character" -- rather than the
situation. In contrast, we judge ourselves by situational factors. (2)
probability estimates are affected by recall and like events. (3) anchoring
This is not suggest that "noise" reduction strategies are inherently bad,
just to maybe stimulate some thinking in brighter minds than mine.
And earlier....
them is dead.
To wit, no two people can safely tell the same lie to the same person.

@_date: 2002-03-24 05:51:20
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Define "signal" and "noise." 
A "signal" sometimes means....
1. Wohlstetter's analogy (signals of Pear Harbor attack -- a generalization,
the indicators are themselves messages transmitted by signals)
2. Inference drawn from indicators
3. Indicators, or indicators embedded in messages
4. The means of transmission
5. Messages
...and so on.
The real issue seems more properly couched as salience. The blur here causes
conceptual errors, and I would appreciate enlightenment, by way of an
alternative taxonomy and any refs to recent papers measuring the "S/N ratio"
within a channel.

@_date: 2002-03-27 18:47:37
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: FW: Homeland Deception (was RE: signal to noise proposal) 
This was a spoof. A few other suspects in my inbox under names here.

@_date: 2002-03-27 04:32:36
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Re: Homeland Deception (was RE: signal to noise proposal) 
If  I was not a lady I would say you are full of shit
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
 IT S A CONSPIRACY!!!!   -some poor idiot, right now
Ha! Look, even if you like the idea of PSYOPS in Afghanistan (for instance),
you have to admit what s surfaced in the media has been embarrassingly crude and ham-handed. I suppose the best you could hope for is that it s really all
part of a  play the idiot and look ineffectual  strategy while diverting
attention from the real business at hand. Risky, at any rate-- since as any
good poker player knows, the merest twitch of the eyelid risks being
interpreted as weakness, causing your opponent to raise the stakes. Not good.
Failing any evidence to the contrary, it s likely just wishful thinking though.
I m really not in the  all feds are incompetent donutchompers  camp, but more
and more it s looking suspiciously like the donutchompers have the upper hand.
And whatever deceptive advantages might possibly come from the *public
perception* of rampant incompetence and donutchompery, the drawbacks are
deadly. Strength is good. I think Ashcroft and co. are making a HUGE mistake
playing up the Christian goody goody schtick  it plays straight into the Arab
fundamentalist interpretation of the US; and the realists won t believe it (and
wouldn t give a crap anyway. And never did.) Even more worriesome, though, is
that some of them actually seem to believe it. America ought to deserve better
than to be run by a bunch of simps. Emphasis on ought.
By the way, did you catch the video of Ashcroft singing some cheezy
maudlin  patriotic  gospel song at a theological seminary? At a fake press
conference podium, yet. Surreal. Absolutely nauseating, made my blood boil.
Didn t know whether to laugh or throw up...
John Ashcroft SINGS!  Let the Eagle Soar AAAaaaaAAAaaaAAAGH! Ahem. Where were we.
As someone once said, I d rather side with someone who burns the flag and wraps
themselves in the Constitution than someone who burns the Constitution and
wraps themselves in the flag. You mean like gaydar for bullshitters? Yeah but where? In the TLAs themselves? Consultants?  Here s my card, I m with
Flimflam Inc, an In-Q-Tel startup...  Where s the oversight? Getting a room
full of natural-born bullshitters together sounds dangerous no matter who s
footing the bill. And put a con in a room full of squares  call it personal
bias if you want to, but I know where I d put my money as to who d come out
ahead. Hm, unless you consider the case of Hanssen, the genuinely square con.
Just goes to show you the limits of pigeonholing and profiling.
Yep. Complacently blocking out opinions you disagree with is always a bad idea. Catch 22 re. the Deutch prohibition on working with scummy types. I think it
points to the need to re-evaluate exactly what it is we re trying to
accomplish. Reminds me of the classic story about the time Herman Kahn was asked about Dr.
Strangelove: "Dr. Strangelove would not have lasted three weeks at the
Pentagon... he was too creative."
Absolutely; open source analysis is for everyone.  Hey, I m game. Be sure to file all this under the  expectation of being conned category though. the niceties of  good faith  or  bad faith  I do
believe I ll leave to the discretion of rest of the study... LOL
Yep. (interesting points snipped)
Right, but there s a utility tradeoff; get too complex and clever for your own
good and you end up shooting yourself in the foot--worse off than when you
started. And unless you find ways to bring fresh blood into they system without
getting a bad case of blood poisoning (to overextend a metaphor) unfortunately I have to admit it looks pretty dim. The one thing I know is that a mad
theocratic dash toward giving up freedom and individuality for security and
conformity will only hasten the decay, not cleanse it. Something to keep in
He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from
oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that
will reach to himself.

@_date: 2002-03-27 02:11:22
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: Homeland Deception (was RE: signal to noise proposal) 
And I thought you were from Texas. ;)
Hold it up to a mirror. (Well... it does make a point.)

@_date: 2002-03-26 22:20:41
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: Homeland Deception (was RE: signal to noise proposal) 
You're probably right.
So sayeth the academic-researcher-grad student pretext... :P
Yep, they would be lucky and charming.
Recursive is just writing backwards.
Empathy skills in personal matters.
On a grand scale:
1. counterdeception teams - multidisciplinary, "non-cultured," outsiders --
creatives, narratives, hoaxers, jokesters, emplotters, etc.
2. devil's advocacy in the event stream
3. competitive analysis
4. MUST HAVE: highest-level precision black channels -- requiring nothing
short of a resurrection. Close surveillance. Sneaky submarines are not good
5. Cultural change -- a bit of British eccentricity; decision-maker
6. Monitoring of foreign open source media and organizational theme
variations (quantitative content and textual analysis; inferential scanning)
7. Monitoring of internal organizational dissenters, noncomformists and the
intuitives (instead of quashing them, solicit them)
Sounds down your alley of interests, interested in your thoughts.
Due to the changing nature of the world, the U.S. could easily find itself
hoodwinked, isolated, paralyzed and worse. It used to be "Uproar in the
East, strike in the West."
Today, it's "Fool the Sky." (transparent or false-flag cover plan)
Our goal-states, perceptions, decision-points, etc. are there for all to
see. Most deceptions play upon expectations. Our surveillance capabilities
and superior military seem to point to a BARBAROSSA scenario -- a grand
Concealed within our strength is our weakness.
"The Allies are landing at Normandy!"
..."It's just a trick."
"What does German intelligence say?"
...Just what the British told them.
The comment was from a review of FORTITUDE (deception plan) by one of the
British designers.
We could learn a lot from them --- save hundreds of thousands of lives by
using these concepts defensively, domestically, and in new contexts. With
each day that passes, we loose more of the window, and waste our resources
on low-return countermeasures which do nothing but present 'barriers of
certainty' to our adversaries, albeit a thin veil of comfort to our
population. (I frequently point out that the Germans practically held hands
along railways, and we still blew them all to heck in WW II.)
In some places, we are taking actions that play into deception designs.
Maybe we should change that, along with a few "street signs." Our
adversaries know deception is a great strategic advantage, and they don't
want the American public to accept it. Churchill didn't have a problem. The
answer to some long-standing misperceptions could be as simple as involving
the American people. Today's adversaries strike at the rear. Hell, that's
"us." Deception planning has a history in civilian defense, terrorists
collect intelligence and have decision-makers, so they offer a deception
As part of Homeland Defense, we need Homeland Deception. "OPERATION TRICK
TERRORISTS?" Instead of deception coming from the top, bring it up from the
bottom in a security context. (Some people are working on it, but we could
be doing more.) I just know there is guy taking ticket stubs somewhere on a
nontraditional delivery vehicle. I bet he has an idea, or once exposed to
certain concepts -- could come up with one -- because he knows his operative
context better than anybody else.
At the present time, much attention is being devoted to the development of
"gadgetry." ~Brigadier General Samuel B. Griffith, (USMC) Ret. _On Guerrilla
Warfare_ (1961).

@_date: 2002-03-31 16:52:49
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: IWAR Threat Model 
I like his stuff. But then, I'm partial to T.E. Lawrence.
Coincidentally, I think "Michael Wilson" was the name of the guy who wrote
the movie script to Lawrence Of Arabia. That Michael Wilson was blacklisted,
and never received credit for what many viewed as one of the greatest
scripts of all time.

@_date: 2002-04-01 23:11:57
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: IWAR Threat Model 
I _WAS_ "venting."
In some cultures, venting is done in "good taste." It just resembles
English, but it's quite another language in terms of subtext, (and more so
if it's female). Different rules of engagement. Don't mistake it for
weakness. Normal ROE: maintain absolute decorum and diplomacy right up to
the ambush.
Here, I will summon up an insult for you, brace yourself: ..."Faustine, I
bet you drink beer directly from the can."
The Dim Mak.
Notice I did not directly reply to Tim. This is because some cultural
influences in my family have raised me with the myth that men can be killed
by such things as pouting, glaring, never speaking to them again, denying
their existence, indirect insults, and a state of "not being received."
Sounds silly, but it was true, to us. Yankees were frowned upon in the
family homestead -- I think up to the early 1950s.

@_date: 2002-04-05 19:35:18
@_author: "Aimee Farr" 
@_subject: RE: mil disinfo on cryptome 
It would seem to me that deception would better rest on trusted, precision
channels. I doubt JYA would be among my selections. (But, who am I to say,
and I don't know how far we have fallen.) "Windfalls" might even not
believed. To plant the story on the enemy might even take a good deal more
artifice. And, perhaps what the enemy believes doesn't really make a damn,
unless he does something about it. Such uncontrolled channels and
rumor-mills might even work contrary to deception principles, assuming the
need for prediction and consistency, both in interpretation and any
decision-making RESULT that is to be obtained. Finally, I doubt the DOD is
confused with regard to the American people and "the enemy."
Circumstances suggest that we have allowed our CI capabilities to wither,
which might preclude any benefit from such an operation, and certainly not
one that would outweigh the risks. Furthermore, when it comes to certain
forms of deception, Americans don't seem deception-inclined. (Some of the
covert action exposes we've had in the last decade had baby blanket cover
planning.) In truth, the British still hold the title belt, and have done so
for over 50 years. Currently, the sign on the American wall of deception
operations is a fairly clear one: _WE SUCK_.
Faustine, I do hope you do well in policy analysis, and adhere to your
strong political viewpoints and goal-states. If you do, a deception planner
will never hurt you.
7(2)-- "...as it's position, owing to being clandestine, is very dangerous,
they have had little success, as only about twelve revolutionary members are
affiliated, and their activities are very limited and rather ridiculous.'
...most of their time making lists of names.....who must be eliminated when
their aspirations were achieved. -- Notes from GARBO.
