
@_date: 2013-12-29 02:34:21
@_author: Alyssa Rowan 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA512
I believe I've thought this through in detail.
If you want to provide more oversight, and more input, and I heartily
encourage that, then please do so. I strongly believe more eyes would
help. But I don't believe that having Kevin remain as co-chair would
help: certainly not.
Rather, in the event no action were taken and he did not resign or be
removed, I believe the wider security community would simply consider
CFRG unfit for purpose, and would not be willing to engage. (More than
one individual has outright said this.)
I do not think that outcome would assist anyone, and it would prevent
us being able to use this RG as a base for providing review of
primitives, protocols and implementations, which needs to be done as
an important step in the long road to address the perpass threat.

@_date: 2013-12-27 15:21:53
@_author: Alyssa Rowan 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA512
(Restoring the subject line, so Lars can better follow the thread.)
Unfortunately, given the SIGINT Enabling Project has used the NSA's
Information Assurance mission as official cover for sabotage of
cryptographic primitives¹, implementations², and standards³, not to
mention their interesting conduct in statements and enquiries so far,
any trust or confidence once placed in the NSA for anything by anyone
has now been fatally, critically, permanently undermined.
I can't imagine the NSA's IA department is pleased about that at all
(particularly if it wished to, in time, use the protocols and COTS
software and hardware, such as your BlackBerry, that its SIGINT
department meanwhile was no doubt busily trying to subvert). That is,
of course, an internal issue between your respective departments,
NIST, the wider US Government, and of course the American people it
No comment is required: I understand you may find yourself in a
difficult position regarding such things. However, if you (or anyone
with the knowledge) felt yourself ethically able and willing to
disclose the specific nature and existence of any vulnerabilities so
seeded - and indicate if, and how, you have addressed them in any
software or hardware you have fielded - I would heartily encourage it.
We certainly aren't pleased about it, because to meet the 'perpass'
threat posed by Nation State Adversaries (a convenient initialism)
discussed at IETF 88, we're going to have to change, redesign and
deploy several new and improved primitives, protocols, standards and
implementations. This will be hard, and yes, will take years to
finish; the IETF, and CFRG, will play a vital part, I feel.
As the other co-chair, David McGrew correctly points out:
Our work needs to be carried out openly and transparently so that it
can be trusted. And that process needs to be administered by people we
mistrust as little as possible, and clearly not by an
openly-acknowledged agent of an organisation systematically trying to
sabotage the process of devising and deploying strong cryptography:
it is a simple, and unavoidable, conflict of interest, I'm afraid.
I therefore reiterate the call for your resignation as co-chair.
I mean no personal disrespect, but it's clear you understand the
I hear Mr Schneier might be too busy. Besides, the job is, as you say,
unglamorous, and administrative. Still, perhaps a trusted
international cryptographer (perhaps in a jurisdiction with no
National Security Letters or similar means of potential coercion to
overlook a potential backdoor?), with the time available would be a
good choice?
I'm not sure a similar situation has arisen before, and therefore
there might well be no established procedure; of course, we can be
patient. Perhaps, if your colleagues and counterparts could be
persuaded to curtail their excesses, a similar situation may not arise
again. I remain guardedly hopeful.
In any case, I wish yourself (and your daughter) well, and please have
a enjoyable holiday.
1. Specific documented example: Dual_EC_DRBG - a backdoor that couldn't
   have been more obvious if you'd erected a flashing neon sign and
   driven a mounted parade with a marching band through it. We have no
   reason to expect other 'enablings' to be as obvious, of course.
2. Specific documented example: RSA Security; BSafe; $10m; Dual_EC_DRBG.
3. 802.11; GSM; LTE. Bluetooth? (Even perhaps TLS?) Hard to be sure...
   it's the kind of subtle sabotage that makes the result awful by
   design, rather than simply awful by committee; the two are hard to
   distinguish, which is the point, and the end result is similar,
   as is the need to improve and fix.

@_date: 2013-12-24 23:02:58
@_author: Alyssa Rowan 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA512
Dan? I'm not sure defensiveness helps the discussion. (I can't
speak for anyone else, but I don't think I've ever really used
Twitter.) It's nearly Christmas. Relax.
I doubt the discussion will make much substantive progress either way
until, at least, we hear what Kevin has to say.
Given the timing, however, he may well be on holiday.
And perhaps we can use that as a positive opportunity.
Many WGs, including TLS, have a hell of a lot of work ahead of them in
light of perpass. Many will need trustworthy help with crypto, because
we are going to need a lot more robust crypto to start making this
threat model's lives more difficult than they are at present.
We have a bunch of new primitives we could use to replace the
now-less-certain ones as we move forward: some of these could be
extraordinarily useful for TLS1.3 - like, yes, (Curve|Ed)25519 -
Safecurves is exactly (the beginning of) the kind of work we need, I
And CFRG could, and should, help with that: recommendation of
best-practice primitives, review of designs, protocols and structures
- - I'm not sure if review of core implementations falls within its
remit of where practice and theory meet, but _someone_ definitely
ought to do much more review of where the crypto actually touches the
ground (of all the areas, that is the one NSA targets most
successfully, according to Snowden).
I do think the perception of the trustworthiness of CFRG's advice, and
thus how useful the WGs are likely to find it, will be very strongly
coloured by this discussion, and whatever the ultimate outcome is;
hence the (extraordinary) necessity of it being raised.
Of course, that doesn't mean we necessarily have to wait. I note the
drafts David mentions; I'll take a look at them, and I'll reply to
Watson's thread when I have, but they seem like a start, at least.
Season's greetings, everyone.

@_date: 2013-12-23 18:49:26
@_author: Alyssa Rowan 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA512
I agree, and feel that it is the core of the issue.
Those apparently arguing in favour of him remaining have seemingly avoided addressing this critical conflict of interest; the elephant in the room. Time for the elephant gun.
Fact: Kevin, the co-chair, works for the NSA. [
Fact: The NSA is known (and unanimously agreed) to be attacking the internet via mass surveillance among other means. [IETF 88 T/P]
Fact: As part of that attack, the NSA has a department (apparently 141 personnel strong, with a yearly quarter-of-a-billion US dollar budget) whose task is to subvert crypto standards and implementations. [Snowden, SIGINT Enabling Project budget]
Fact: We do not know what Kevin's tasks are at the NSA, or whether he is part of that department or not.
(My comment: We are unlikely to ever know for certain, without another Snowden: any NSA statement on this would I believe be hard for many to take at face value given their conduct thus far. If he knew of that department's existence, he chose to say nothing; if he did not previously know, it's pretty clear he couldn't fail to know by now, but strangely still has said nothing, despite a rather lively discussion calling for his resignation.)
1. Should Kevin be removed from his co-chair position of this crypto advisory group?
2. If not, why do you think he should remain?
3. How would you expect this crypto advisory group to retain any credibility if it chose to retain an NSA employee as a co-chair, in light of everything now known?
I've made my position clear: he should step down. Please, state yours.

@_date: 2013-12-23 07:10:39
@_author: Alyssa Rowan 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA512
The TLS WG asked the CFRG for advice. They got Kevin's. He did not
mention the (unaddressed) concerns raised.
Documented fact: Kevin belongs to an agency with a "SIGINT Enabling
Project". Their job is to "enable" [backdoor and/or disrupt] strong
cryptography so the NSA can exploit it.
That makes his advice untrustworthy. For all we know, it's *literally*
his job to lie to us, and mislead us.
And if he is responsible, as co-chair, for relaying the CFRG's advice
to WGs, he is in the perfect position to do just that. The net effect
is to taint that advice with the NSA's proven untrustworthiness.
That's the central problem here.
The only fix is for him to step down as co-chair. (It wouldn't hurt
for him to resign from the NSA, or speak out, either; that he hasn't,
as Daniel raised, can only be reasonably interpreted as indicative of
his approval of the agency's actions.)
Do you agree?
If not, Dan, why do you wish Kevin to remain co-chair: despite the
profound concerns raised, and the fundamental conflict-of-interest
between his duties here, and the NSA's mission?
Kindly explain your reason. I'm keenly interested to hear it.
I mean, what I've heard from you so far is... just look at this gem:
(Correct security engineering thinking, backed up by decades of proven
 history, and still just as true today, as Jacob Applebaum or Moxie
 would be able to confirm.)
On Fri 13 Dec 2013 08:35, on TLS WG, Dan Harkins wrote this reply:
(...and well, I think that speaks for itself, doesn't it?)

@_date: 2013-12-22 01:00:27
@_author: Alyssa Rowan 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA512
Given you admit Kevin works for an organisation intent on undermining
the standards process, why would you, or anyone (or even he) wish him
to remain as co-chair?
Kindly explain.
Frankly: no. (Disquieting, I know.)
They are a billion-dollar-funded Nation State Adversary; this is a
mailing list.
We are at quite a profound disadvantage. Please be mindful of that.
That open process is our only defense: but yes, it can be a powerful
one. And so, here we are, openly having this discussion.
When they're blatant, like Dual_EC_DRBG - or when they have an
 email address - we can spot it, if we actually take the time
to look.
But with something more subtle (mysterious 'seeds' with no
nothing-up-my-sleeve numbers, say), all bets are off. Without knowing
everything they know, really the best we can do is hope to spot which
bits look 'off'.
Based on what we've seen so far, they particularly seem to like:
• Subverting random number generators
• Specifying algorithms which need strong RNGs every time
• Standards which encourage implementations susceptible to timing and
  other side-channel attacks
We need to particularly watch out for those three. (Of course this
list isn't complete. I wish it were.)
I note the common thread: fragility. The results of their efforts are
often easy to implement poorly, very hard to implement well: who
implements slow constant-time Brier-Joye ladders for short Weierstrass
curves? [Raise your hands, please...] Who used deterministic nonces
with (EC)DSA? [...anyone *before* RFC6979?] That seems in line with a
paradigm of making things that could be secure, but usually aren't.
For future standards and primitives, if we can ensure that the right
way is more obvious, we can make our efforts more resilient, against
malice and mistake alike - hopefully.
On technical cryptographic literature? That is the purpose of the
CFRG, surely.
They defer here, as Watson points out: so whomever represents the
opinions of here carries weight. For that weight of trust to fall on
untrustworthy shoulders is unsound.
The (reasonable) concern is that his employer deliberately wishes to
seed incompetence in crypto standards, so they can break them.
No 'purge' is necessary: you overstate. Having him on the group is not
an issue, as we are clearly well aware of his affiliations, and can
take his opinions with the trustworthiness and credibility that goes
along with them: as we should do with everyone, as you, Paul, and
Daniel quite correctly point out.
But as co-chair, in charge of stating - or, indeed, misstating! -
group consensus to others? Good grief, no. It seems untenable; more
importantly, untrustworthy. We cannot possibly do that with a straight
face after IETF 88, can we? Surely not. Surely, neither can he.
Kevin: Do you even have a comment on this? Anything? Any answer?

@_date: 2013-12-21 14:40:19
@_author: Alyssa Rowan 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA512
[Cross-posting ceased, in light of Lars' message: he'll read the list.]
  [...]
With all due respect, it is simply pointing out an elephant in the room:
• The NSA have been publicly documented, and caught, manipulating and
  subverting cryptographic standards to weaken them.
  - It is a publicly-documented fact being discussed by an oversight
    panel who are recommending that the President stop the NSA doing
    that.
  - That unavoidably logically implies that they're doing it now.
  - Not a conspiracy theory therefore: documented fact.
  - It was specifically discussed at the IETF 88 Technical Plenary.
    If you are unfamiliar with that discussion, and the resulting hums,
    please look it up. • If a nation state adversary were doing such a thing, they would
  probably target (among others) this group, which is chartered with
  evaluating cryptographic standards for internet protocols.
  - Ideally, they would hold a position of power, being able to guide
    the committees into making decisions that are to their advantage,
    provide bad advice that will be trusted in light of his position,
    or misrepresent consensus that could be interpreted as mere error.
• Well, the co-chair of this group - literally - works for the NSA.
• We're gonna have a problem here.
It is a crystal-clear, indefensible, classic conflict-of-interest -
Kevin M. Igoe literally works for an attacker we are trying to defend
I mean no disrespect to him as a person: please record that. But I'm
sure that if he is being honest, he will understand the concerns, and
gracefully resign his position.
He might be an ethical fellow, and dislikes how their SIGINT appears
to have fatally undermined their COMSEC. Sadly, I don't KNOW that; and
the trouble is, it raises the highly uncomfortable, but sadly
unavoidable, impression that he could instead be employed to undermine
the work of this group.
In light of what we do know about BULLRUN, it is entirely reasonable
for us to be uncertain, and to doubt, whether Kevin is working in the
best interests of the internet.
And it is reasonable for us to fear that instead, he may be working in
the best interests of his employer - which, sadly, appear in light of
IETF 88 and related discussions, to have been in direct conflict.
He has to go. Nothing personal.
IETF 88 specifically addressed the importance of public oversight and
scrutiny in the evaluation of cryptographic standards.
So, on the contrary, I am extremely glad that the effect of your draft
was a fresh round of public scrutiny and oversight. Thank you for that.
[Just to clarify: One of the co-chairs, Kevin M. Igoe, openly works for
 the NSA and is the source of raised concern here. I have no cause for
 concern about the other co-chair, David McGrew, who works for Cisco.]
I note that you feel protective, even hotly defensive, of your work.
Others have raised concerns which appear to remain insufficiently
addressed. Beyond that, I won't comment within this discussion.

@_date: 2013-12-20 16:15:34
@_author: Alyssa Rowan 
@_subject: Re: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
Hash: SHA512
The request to remove/replace Kevin Igoe is very strongly seconded, for all the given reasons: I would have sent a request in similar terms, had someone not done so first.
I would raise the possibility of offering the co-chair position to Bruce Schneier instead, if he is willing, and in a position to, accept.
His talk at IETF 88 was exactly the right thing, at the right time, and he is an extremely well-known and respected civilian researcher in the crypto community, as I'm sure you're aware.
