
@_date: 2002-02-24 23:33:16
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Lost and Found Laptops 
True 'nuff, but to some extent it parallels the rise in deployment
of the machines.
The folks who read it is an interesting list...
The access logs, the pattern and content of
Ask your hosting ISP (snicker)...
Then again, you have the access logs, too.  You probably
can't do the backtracing and anonymity busting that
full-time pros can.

@_date: 2002-02-24 16:07:01
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: DoD on Disinfo, Cretinism, Liars, Godel 
24 Feb (Routers News)
The Department of Defense announced today that, in the words of General
"All Cretins are Liars" and that furthermore, "We have reason to believe
that we are
Cretins".  This statement was later formally retracted, with White House
Airie Fluscher instead offering the summary, "This statement is false".
Homeland Insecurity
czar Tom Thumb was unavailable for comment, mumbling only that in his
heightened state
of awareness he couldn't speak coherently.

@_date: 2002-02-23 22:31:12
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Pearl as Israeli spy; US press hides link 
Professor Yehuda Pearl, father of murdered
Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl,
has told Ha'aretz that he fears that making
public his son's Israeli citizenship could
adversely affect investigative efforts by
Pakistani police to apprehend the killers
and track down the murdered reporter's
In a telephone conversation from his Los
Angeles residence, Professor Pearl
expressed regret and anger over the
revelation by the Israeli media of his family's
"Israeli connection." The U.S. media, which
was aware of the information, complied with
the family's request not to make it public.
The American media was asked to comply
with this request after information was
obtained that confirmed reports that the
38-year-old reporter was dead.

@_date: 2002-02-23 22:20:14
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: NYC tries to stifle 9-11 speech, trade 
New York Warns eBay About WTC
  Souvenir Sales
  Thu Feb 21, 4:23 PM ET
  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The chief lawyer for New York city on
  Thursday warned online auctioneer eBay not to profit from the Sept.
  11 attacks by offering items for sale that "belittle the memory of
  who died."
                     A cease-and-desist letter to eBay from the
                     city's chief attorney Michael Cardozo said
                     selling commemorative pins, a T-shirt with a
                     New York Fire Department badge, rescue
                     audio tapes and a pair of dust-caked boots
                     allegedly worn at Ground Zero was "morally
  repugnant" and "legally objectionable."
  The letter charged that the sale of certain items was illegal, such as
  logos and insignias for private profit that infringe city trademarks.
  A large number of other items, it said, were "blatant attempts to
  from mass murder," including a "very, very graphic rescue audio"
  purporting to contain "things that were never spoken of in radio and
  accounts."
  eBay last year issued a ban on the sale of World Trade Center and
  Pentagon items from September through Dec. 31. Since then,
  according to eBay spokesman Henry Gomez, the auctioneer has been
  carefully "policing" such items.
  He said the company was "a little puzzled" by the city's letter,
  the company would remove any items from auction that infringe on
  trademarks, represent crime scene materials or might be illegal.
  "The city has got to work with us a little bit," said Gomez. "We are
  basically supportive of the city's point of view.... We have very
  rules that address many of the issues the city addresses.
  "There can be a little bit of a lag," he said, noting items auctioned
  eBay must comply with a detailed code of eligibility.
  Cardozo, speaking with reporters at City Hall, called for a total ban
  the sale of any such Sept. 11 items by eBay.
  "I do hope to continue to persuade them," he said. "It's obvious much
  of what is on its Web site is morally repugnant."
  He said working with eBay to monitor items that are legally
  questionable would keep two city attorneys busy full time. "For them
  say in February 2002 to New Yorkers that some of these things are
  not offensive, that is a shocking thing," Cardozo said.
Too bad Cardozo didn't have an office in the WTC..

@_date: 2002-02-23 02:36:12
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Reichstag Theatre: Mil base in anthrax scare 
Anthrax scare at Fort McPherson; 6
               treated for possible exposure after
               package found
               Initial tests often inaccurate, officials say
               By RON MARTZ and KEVIN DUFFY
               Atlanta Journal-Constitution Staff Writers
               A package found late this afternoon at Fort McPherson in
               southwest Atlanta initially tested positive for anthrax,
               spokesman for U.S. Army Reserve Command said this
               evening. Officials caution the test may be inaccurate.
               Officials hope to have a better idea on what the
substance is
               after the CDC completes testing. It will take up to 24
               to conclusively show whether the substance is indeed
               anthrax.
               Six people who may have been exposed to the package are
               undergoing decontamination. The building in which the
               package was found is in a lockdown and 200 people remain
               inside.
Well they're military so they're used to being captive and taking
Got Osama?

@_date: 2002-02-20 16:33:37
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Whether Cops Can Monitor E-Mail Without Warrant 
[An interesting line ---"Any reasonably intelligent person, savvy enough
 to be using the Internet ... would be aware that messages are received
  in a recorded format, by their very nature, and can be downloaded or
  printed," said the court, --- might be read by (completely different)
    courts thinking about copyright & digital rights technologies.]
    Court to Decide Whether Cops Can Monitor E-Mail Without Warrant
               By Michael RubinkamAssociated Press Writer
                         Published: Feb 20, 2002
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The Pennsylvania Supreme Court has agreed to decide
whether police may look at a suspect's e-mail and instant messages
without first obtaining a court order.
The case involves a former Lehigh County police officer, Robert Proetto,
who used the Internet to solicit sex from a 15-year-old girl. Proetto is
appealing his conviction.
It's the first time any state supreme court has agreed to review
government access to private Internet communications, said Proetto's
attorney, Tommaso Lonardo.
"It's a relatively novel question," said David Sobel, general counsel
for the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
After meeting the girl in an Internet chat room, Proetto e-mailed her a
nude photograph of himself. He also asked for a nude videotape of the
girl, according to court documents.
Proetto and the girl chatted often for about a week and Proetto
repeatedly ask her to have sex, documents say.
The girl reported Proetto to the Bristol Borough Police Department in
Bucks County. Proetto was arrested when he made sexually explicit online
comments to a detective posing as another 15-year-old girl.
Proetto was convicted of criminal solicitation and related offenses and
served six months of house arrest. His probation ends this month.
At issue is whether Proetto's e-mail and instant messages to the girl
should have been suppressed at trial. Proetto claims police violated the
state's wiretapping law by looking at the messages without first
obtaining a warrant. Proetto also claims his Fourth Amendment privacy
rights were violated.
Though federal law only requires the consent of one person before a
telephone call or Internet communication can be recorded, Pennsylvania
and 11 other states require the consent of all parties.
"I think most people would feel more comfortable knowing the other
participant in a communication does not have the unilateral ability to
bring the government into that conversation without court approval,"
Sobel said.
Pennsylvania's Superior Court took a different view, ruling that Proetto
had consented to the recording by the very act of sending e-mail and
instant messages.
"Any reasonably intelligent person, savvy enough to be using the
Internet ... would be aware that messages are received in a recorded
format, by their very nature, and can be downloaded or printed," said
the court, likening an e-mail message to a message left on a telephone
answering machine.
The court also said the wiretapping law did not apply because police did
not intercept Proetto's messages as he was sending them, but after the
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court, which announced last month it would
consider the case, will decide whether the evidence should have been
At the time of his conviction, Proetto, who is in his early 30s, was
working as a police officer for the Colonial Regional Police Department
in Lehigh County. He was fired and now sells appliances, Lonardo said.
Mike Godwin, a policy fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology,
said Proetto's case illustrates the difficulty of applying old laws to a
relatively new technology.
"States have the freedom to raise the floor of protection for
intercepted communications," he said. "It becomes a question of whether
Internet messages count."

@_date: 2002-02-20 16:07:12
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: 911 attackers awarded a "10" for effectiveness 
But if the Quebecois terrorists complain about unfairness, do we have to
give them a 10 too?
"Never underestimate the stupidity of some of the people we have to deal
with," William A. Reinsch, Under Secretary of Commerce for the Bureau of
Export Administration, said while being grilled about whether terrorists
and criminals would be naove enough to use the technology being pushed
the Administration.

@_date: 2002-02-19 15:29:01
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: game theory on ice 
CNN: figure skating may be judged by 14, with 7 of their scores
*randomly* chosen.
This is an attempt at resistance to vote-swapping, ie collaboration
between actors.
Interesting.  List relev: voting protocols, game theory, protocol

@_date: 2002-02-18 15:40:41
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: proxies and supernodes 
Thanks for the explanation Adam.
SS: every Morpheus app is both client, server, and supernode, by
The latter two can be turned off, and the upload bandwidth can be
as well.
Amazingly good download engine.

@_date: 2002-02-18 15:35:00
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: WHY DO YOU NEED 20 TEDDY BEARS? 
Because I like to keep one next to every firearm :-)

@_date: 2002-02-14 14:59:36
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: more walmart domestic surveillance 
Alert issued for potential teddy
                  bear bombs
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN)

@_date: 2002-02-12 15:27:23
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: Sheeple Land With Hands on Heads 
done by
Yes but the stock prices of videoconf OEMs has gone up..

@_date: 2002-02-13 15:54:43
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: stalking requires intent to create fear 
[re Kirkland, Jim Bell, etc.]
Stalking Law Called Too Narrow for Meg Ryan Fan
                       Crime: Officials must prove he meant to cause
fear when he broke into a Malibu home he
                     thought was actress'.
                     By ANNA GORMAN, TIMES STAFF WRITER
                     John Michael Hughes gave a simple, if incredible,
explanation to
                     sheriff's deputies for why he broke into a Malibu
house last month. His
                     fiancee forgot to leave a key under the mat, so he
had to smash the
                     bedroom window to climb inside.
                     The woman Hughes calls his fiancee is actress Meg
Ryan, who says
                     she has never met the 30-year-old former real
estate agent from
                     Florida.
                                                            Hughes, who
                                                            also
                                                            last year of
                                                            attempting
                                                            enter
                                                            Bush's Texas
                                                            ranch with
                                                            firearms,
                                                            with
                                                            when a
                                                            told him he
                                                            not engaged
                                                            Ryan. Hughes
                                                            said that no
                                                            matter where
                                                            the world
                     was, he would find her. Though Hughes might seem
like an ideal candidate for charges under
                     California's anti-stalking law, prosecutors say he
doesn't fit the narrow legal definition of a stalker
                     because they cannot prove that he intended to cause
fear in the actress--no matter how fearful she
                     now is. Although the state has made great strides
in the last decade in cracking down on stalkers,
                     prosecutors say, the Hughes case highlights
weaknesses that remain.

@_date: 2002-02-15 16:53:45
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: CNN on anonymity: CNN needs daisy-cutting 
CNN publishing blatantly biassed [1] and factually incorrect [2] info on
Implicitly encouraging registration and licensing of internet users [3]
Remember, CNN, in the words of NATO: "Propoganda outlets are military
[1] For most normal law-abiding people a Yahoo Mail account under a
pseudonym is
[2] Canadian Carl Edward Johnson used a remailer network called
[3] The FBI likens anonymous e-mail to guns. Like firearms, services and
                 are legal, but if they're used in a crime, the FBI will
take action.

@_date: 2002-02-16 23:13:52
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: physics of spy satellites 
Just an addendum:
The problem with fewer-birds-higher-up is that the optics need to be
bigger.  Optics are limited by what you can loft in your launch
E.g., The hubble telescope (which faces away from earth :-) mirror
was limited by the space shuttles' cargo bay.  Perhaps there are clever
(unfolding?) designs
which would increase resolution by using mirror segments separated
by long struts, but light-gathering ability depends on
mirror area.  Maybe that's not important for terrestrial targets.
Folding designs might require active stabilization of
the mirror-segments.  That is not impossible.

@_date: 2002-02-19 02:14:10
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: EZ-Jackster, Assasination Politics, Michael Eisner, Disney: 
Just caught the very tail of the Disney (TM) cartoon wherein a
prepubescent nigga
loses a prepubescent negress's sugah because he uses EZ Jackster, an
Napster metaphor.
This was, we think, once mentioned herein.  However this is our personal
first exposure.
Our reaction follows.
We propose that the next generation of invisible, deniable, distributed
P2P apps be named Jackster, or Eisner,
and they they include a Bid-on-Michael-Eisner's-Death-Time&Method
feature.  Or members
of his family.  This feature should be named APDisney.
"Be seeing you"
"Propoganda outlets are military targets" ---NATO
For research use only.  Not for use in humans.

@_date: 2002-02-19 15:43:31
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: RE: Pentagon Readies Efforts to Sway Sentiment Abroad (fwd) 
Am reminded of this:
If you don't know what it was
Then it's still happening
The govt has lost all subtlety.  It announces who's on the bomb queue,
leaks intercepts,
recruits pashtun speakers openly, publishes stupid photos of
sensory-dep'd POWs, announces psyops
and the intent to place a lot of spies into various regions.    Boggle.
Too much xanax flowing into DC, and its not just for Bush's daughters.
Its not easy to pretend to be bold on TV when you're clueless and
your wounds, and your bosses' butts, behind the scenes.
"Terrorists are the only true avant-garde artists because they're the
only ones who are still capable of really surprising people."
---Laurie Anderson

@_date: 2002-02-22 18:56:30
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Recording Sunder on the Subway 
Maybe its *audio* they're recording and they're trying to get around
wiretap laws.

@_date: 2002-03-24 02:59:57
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Psychological analysis of anonymous benefactors 
What Tim writes is correct, but he ignores personal motivational
Stallman felt burnt when his community of friends could no longer share
code because they got real jobs.  He continues to work out his anger.
Ditto for a lot of the early Unix tools, even entire
These folks were largely building reps in their litle communities.
Much like open source teenagers.
Benefactors feel empathy with the community they help.  Individual
"altruists" (e.g., anon remailer developers and maintainers) are doing
and working out hostility to censors, fascists, etc.
There is hope, so long as there are folks who still have a bit of fire
inside, and can
channel it.

@_date: 2002-03-23 18:58:01
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Where are my turnips?  Hidden in your kid's closet 
What we need is FedEx crossed with _Bladerunner_ or _The Postman_
somehow interstitial to the meatspace mafia (govt).  The difficulties
the meat:info interface has been well discussed here.
High schoolers who get busted for private sites might be teaching, by
example, their
peers about the value of anonymity.
Even if restricted only to Brittney/Stealth plans, its a *part* of it.
But lets remember the *triumphs* of the last decade, which were not
brought up last time
this was discussed:
* I use VPN to connect to work, daily
* Every book I've bought for the last several years, and a good deal of
ammo, has been via SSL
* Regular use of PGP, between radically different platforms, with more
paranoid colleages
* Stego -but if I told you, I'd have to kill you
* I've not gone into a physical bank in years, but my ATM uses crypto
With the possible exception of PGP, you don't have to understand these
to use them.
* Every middle-rate university now has crypto courses and there are
crypto libraries for
every language/platform out there
Things look real good for the *next generation*, folks -the ones who
think the (100) million bytes/MIPS/pixels
machine belongs in the Smithsonian, along with its phone modem...  call
'em generation Napster
or the generation Broadband, whatever... kids have many more secrets
than adults, since kids have
parents and police Panopticonning them...

@_date: 2002-03-10 04:31:59
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Israeli spy ring in US, and ongoing coverup 
Israeli spy-ring uncovered in US
     Revelations of a secret US government report lead investigators to
question whether Israeli intelligence had prior
     knowledge of the 11 September events. Iason Athanasiadis reports
     The US Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) announced on Tuesday
5 March that it has yet to level charges
     against any of the Israeli suspects it has detained in what is
being described as the greatest revelation of an Israeli
     spying operation since the 1986 John Pollard case.
     Le Monde and Intelligence Online, a French online magazine, claim
they have obtained a draft version of a secret
     US government report issued by the Justice Department which proves
that an active Israeli intelligence network
     has been detected within America. It adds that there is proof that
members of the network may have trailed
     suspected Al-Qa'eda operatives in the United States without
informing federal authorities, leading to speculation
     over whether the Israeli government might have had prior knowledge
of the events of 11 September.
     Intelligence Online was first to report that the investigation,
which has been ongoing since April 2001, has led to
     120 Israelis being detained or deported on immigration charges.
According to the report it has obtained, which is
     dated June 2001, the ring was active in the states of Arkansas,
California, Florida and Texas, and consisted of
     around 20 cells of between four and eight members, aged between 22
and 30 who had recently completed Israeli
     military service in an army intelligence division.
     According to the Justice Department report, the students
represented themselves as art students and made efforts
     to gain access to sensitive federal office buildings and the homes
of government employees, U.S. officials said. A
     draft report from the Drug Enforcement Administration q which first
characterized the activities as suspicious q
     said the youths' actions "may well be an organized
intelligence-gathering activity."
     Immigration officials deported them for visa violations; no
     espionage charges were filed. The arrests, made in an unspecified
number of major US cities from California to
     Florida, came amid public warnings from US intelligence agencies
about suspicious behavior by people posing as
     Israeli art students and "attempting to bypass facility security
and enter federal buildings."
     In Washington, however, U.S. law enforcement officials discounted
the report, with one calling the assertion of a
     spy ring "a bogus story."
     In Washington on Tuesday, U.S. Justice Department spokeswoman Susan
Dryden said of the Le Monde report,
     "At this time, we have no information to support this." US
officials said that some Israeli students had been sent
     out of the country for immigration violations, not for spying. In
Israel, Israeli Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Yaffa
     Ben-Ari said it was "nonsense" that the students were spying on the
United States. Another Foreign Ministry
     spokeswoman, Irit Stopper, confirmed that a few Israelis posing as
art students were expelled from the United
     States for working without permits. However they were not accused
of espionage, she said. She did not say how
     many Israelis were expelled and did not give any additional
     According to the editor of Intelligence Online, Guillaume Dasquieh,
the US government report issued by the
     Justice Department on March last year, reveals that the
investigation has been ongoing since April 2001 and that
     the ring was active in the states of Arkansas, California, Florida
and Texas, and consisted of around 20 cells of
     between four and eight members who were aged between 22 and 30 and
had recently completed Israeli military
     service in an army intelligence division.
     Le Monde said more than one third of the suspected Israeli spies
had lived in Florida, from January up until June
     last year, when the report was published, where at least 10 of the
19 Arabs involved in the September 11 airplane
     attacks on New York's World Trade Center and the Pentagon were also
     The newspaper also said that it had learned that six suspected
spies had used portable telephones bought by a
     former Israeli vice consul in the United States.
     The Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) report said a majority of the
young people questioned by US investigators
     acknowledged having served in military intelligence, electronic
signals interception or explosive ordnance units in
     the Israeli military. The DEA said one person questioned was the
son of a two-star Israeli general, one had served
     as the bodyguard to the head of the Israeli Army and another served
in a Patriot missile unit.
     At least five of the Israelis had resided in Hollywood, Florida,
the same town in which alleged hijacker
     Mohammad Atta and four of his accomplices in the attacks also
lived, the paper said.
     Two Israelis lived in Fort Lauderdale, near Delray Beach, where
hijackers in the planes that crashed into the
     Pentagon and in Pennsylvania resided temporarily, the report added.
     The U.S. Office of the National Counterintelligence Executive, a
federal agency, circulated a public warning in
     March 2001 urging employees to report contact with people
describing themselves as Israeli art students.
     "These individuals have been described as aggressive," the warning
said. "They attempt to engage employees in
     conversation rather than giving a sales pitch."
     The thesis that Mossad, the Israeli military intelligence service,
might have known in advance of the 11 September
     operations is strengthened by an article in the 16 September 2001
issue of the London-based Daily Telegraph
     which alleges that senior Mossad officials had visited Washington
in August to warn the CIA and the FBI that a
     cell of up to 200 terrorists was planning a major operation in
America. Israeli intelligence officials say that they
     warned their counterparts in the United States last month that
large-scale terrorist attacks on highly visible targets
     on the American mainland were imminent.
     Despite the strong alliance between Israel and the US, high-profile
episodes of spying have been uncovered in the
     past, the most prominent of which was the 1986 life sentence given
to Jonathan Pollard, an American Jew who
     passed U.S. military secrets to Israel.

@_date: 2002-03-04 02:02:55
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: P2P Psyops & DOS 
There was a source code download on musiccity.com this AM, though  I
read it.  More interesting than that will be how the protocol scales,
and how the
"*AA" scum react.

@_date: 2002-03-03 17:04:36
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: P2P Psyops & DOS 
Steve Griffin
StreamCast/Morpheus CEO
It appears that the attacks included an encrypted message
being repeatedly sent directly to your computers that
changed registry settings in your computer. Later, it appears
our ad servers were attacked resulting in messages being
sent to other sites without our knowledge, which threatened
our most basic revenue model. We believe some of these
attacks continue as Morpheus users attempt to connect to
the old Morpheus User Network. This was why it is important
to quickly deploy our new software product.
This unprovoked attack is being carefully investigated, as it
appears that federal laws may have been violated. We are still
attempting to discover who would want to eliminate the
community of millions of consumers who are using the
Morpheus software product to connect with other users
around the world.
These attacks have forced us to more quickly deploy our new
software product in order to allow you to bring the largest
p2p community back together. Since it appears that the attack
on your computers came from the closed proprietary
FastTrack-Kazaa software, we have opted not to continue
with this p2p kernel. We believe it to have the ability to
access your computer at will and change registry settings. In
addition, we remain committed to NOT bundling any spy
ware with our product.
We are pleased to migrate to an open Protocol product with
the release of Morpheus Preview Edition, which is based on
the very large network of Gnutella users. The new software
will provide you with the ability for faster searches, the
display of more search results, and many more new and
exciting features. KEEP IN MIND that this is only our preview
edition. Any time change occurs, many object and think the
old version was better. Our objective is to create a new and
exciting software product. Since our company and your p2p
network are being attacked, we would appreciate your
constructive comments for improvement, not simply
criticisms. With you help and input, we will continue to
provide the pre-eminent p2p software product in the world.
Lastly, we want to address some of the misinformation we've
seen recently. There have been many comments that we
caused these problems intentionally. Let me assure you that
we would NEVER treat the Morpheus users in this fashion.
Others have said we would re-launch with a paid subscription
model, again, not true. Our commitment is to always provide
you a free version of the Morpheus software product.
Thanks again for making Morpheus the most widely
downloaded p2p product in the world. We are hard at work to
provide you with the products you have come to expect from
our company. From our perspective p2p means people to
Our goal is to create the software that lets you create the
network. Thanks again for your support.

@_date: 2002-03-04 02:08:34
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: Don't panic the New Yorker sheeple, glowing soon 
not just
dirty bomb
A million dead and dying isn't too bad --and a  much higher
Martyr:Infidel ratio
than the tower dropping exercise.
Plus, add 10-30% or more for those killed by the panic.  (You think
getting a taxi
is bad *now*)
Oh yeah, forgot this: Bush activated a trogdylite govt.  Do the math,
dearie.  Or have
your handler do it for you.
Got KI?

@_date: 2002-03-03 18:15:08
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Don't panic the New Yorker sheeple, glowing soon 
UPI: Report: Al Qaida has 'dirty bomb'
Drudge (TIME): NYC nukes kept secret from proles
AP: yet another cross-border smuggling tunnel, 1000 ft long, with rails
and power
You do the math.
Oh, and don't forget the Columbian submarines..
XXXXX DRUDGE REPORT XXXXX SUN MARCH 03, 2002 09:22:37 ET XXXXX
OCTOBER BULLETIN SAID TERRORISTS THOUGHT TO HAVE 10 KILOTON NUCLEAR
WEAPON TO BE SMUGGLED INTO NEW YORK CITY
Sun Mar 03 2002 10:40:24 ET
New York -- In October, an intelligence alert went out to a small number
of government
agencies, including the Energy Department's top-secret Nuclear Emergency
Search Team, based in
Nevada. The report said that terrorists were thought to have obtained a
10-kiloton nuclear
weapon from the Russian arsenal, and planned to smuggle it into New York
City, a special TIME
magazine investigation reveals.
The source: a mercurial agent code-named DRAGONFIRE, who intelligence
officials believed was of
"undetermined" reliability, TIME reports. But DRAGONFIRE'S claim tracked
with a report from a
Russian general who believed his forces were missing a 10-kiloton
That made the DRAGONFIRE report alarming. So did this: detonated in
lower Manhattan, a
10-kiloton bomb would kill some 100,000 civilians and irradiate 700,000
more, flattening
everything in a half-mile diameter.
Counterterrorist investigators went on their highest state of alert,
TIME reports. "It was
brutal," a U.S. official told TIME.
It was also highly classified and closely guarded.
Under the aegis of the White Houses Counterterrorism Security Group,
part of the National
Security Council, the suspected nuke was kept secret so as not to panic
the people of New York.
Senior FBI officials were not in the loop. Former mayor Rudolph Giuliani
says he was never told
about the threat. In the end, the investigators found nothing, and
concluded that DRAGONFIRE'S
information was false. But few of them slept better.
Report: Al Qaida has 'dirty bomb'
                Published 3/3/2002 1:51 AM
                WASHINGTON, March 3 (UPI) -- The consensus view within
the U.S. government is that the al Qaida
                terrorist group has acquired lower-level radioactive
substances that ordinary explosives could spread as
                contaminants, The Washington Post reported Sunday.
                Although such a so-called dirty bomb could cause a more
modest number of deaths than an actual nuclear
                weapon, it could have a considerable impact as a "weapon
of psychological terror," an unidentified senior
                government specialist told the newspaper.
                President Bush, after a briefing by the CIA, ordered his
national security team to give nuclear terrorism
                priority over every other threat to the United States,
the newspaper reported.
                As a consequence, the report said, the Bush
administration has installed hundreds of sophisticated
                radioactivity detectors at U.S. border inspection points
and around the nation's capital. National laboratories
                have been ordered to develop even more sensitive
detectors, according to the report.
                The elite commando unit, the Delta Force, has been
placed on standby alert to seize any nuclear materials
                that are detected, the Post said.
                The heightened fears of the use of nuclear materials
along with reported threats of a terrorist attack bigger
                than Sept. 11 explain the decision to maintain a cadre
of senior federal managers on standby outside of
                Washington, the Post said of its initial disclosure of
the precautions on Friday.
                The CIA told Bush at one point of not only the published
arrests by Pakistan of two former nuclear
                scientists who visited reputed terrorist mastermind
Osama bin Laden, but of a third Pakistani scientist who,
                the newspaper said, tried to sell a nuclear bomb to
                The likeliest source for terrorists of nuclear
materials, the paper said, was the crumbling nuclear industry
                infrastructure in the former Soviet Union, despite the
insistence of Russian officials that all such materials
                are accounted for.
                Theft of nuclear byproducts have been reported
frequently, the Post said, noting that in 1995 Chechen
                rebels placed a functional "dirty bomb" in a Moscow park
but did not detonate it. Al Qaida has its own
                contacts with Chechen rebels, the paper said.
Now we have to wear lead underwear *and* tinfoil hats?
At least the galvanic reaction makes us feel all tingly...

@_date: 2002-04-29 15:11:13
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: PGP carlocks: if you have a hammer everything is a nail? 
Subscribe via lne.com
How do you say "smoking crack" in Polish?  What does PK give you here?
A simple stored secret, exchanged with the car physically (after
self as owner) is necessary and sufficient.  Use a rolling
protocol if you like.  Lets you loan a key toa friend or valet without
having to revoke
a PK...

@_date: 2002-04-07 16:19:03
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: How many virgins for Mike Spann? 
1. Is it a Chinese-made flag?
2. How many virgins do they get?  (Round to the nearest dozen)  Do
homosexual soldiers get to "tell" and get nubile young lads?

@_date: 2002-04-07 16:01:24
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: RE: mil disinfo on cryptome (and sec clearance games) 
Another reason: once you get a clearance, you can't speak
freely.  The latest _Tech Review_ interviews an MIT Prof Postol,
who has been pointing out the lies behind Raytheon's Patriot
missile and the anti-ballistic missile sham.  Reportedly,
some friendly DoD folks came to him and asked him to read
a classified report that would put some of his technical worries at
Postol refused, knowing that this is a scheme used to silence
folks --having been exposed to classified info, you have to
watch what you say.  If you figure it out from open data +
general science, you can speak your mind.
(BTW The basic deception is, if our gizmo can't discriminate this kind
of decoy, well, don't use that kind of decoy in the tests..)

@_date: 2002-04-06 18:58:08
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: CNET article on "dream email client" includes PGP 
5. Integrated PGP encryption
     We can't stress e-mail security enough, and we think your
     e-mail client should stress it more. Many apps make weak
     attempts at encryption, but we demand integrated PGP, the
     encryption gold standard, in every e-mailer. Users could
     create a decryption key the first time they use the app, then
     choose whether to autoencrypt every message or just click a
     button to encrypt single pieces of outgoing mail. A similar
     preference or button would autodecrypt on command.

@_date: 2002-04-06 16:36:48
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: RE: Small Arms Failure in Afghan (caliberpunks) (pharmpunks) 
1. Yes it has been researched; .ZA did some documented work on
using psychotropics as riot-control agents.  See also BZ, an
atropine-like[1] deleriant
investigated by the US.
2. Some psychotropics have very wide ED:LD50 ratios (e.g., lsd), several
orders of magnitude
larger than even the safer drugs (which might have an ED:LD of 100; cf
Tylenol, a few
times the ED will toast your liver).  But they may not have the
immediacy of effect you desire.
The DMT-class drugs act faster, and ethyl- and longer substitutions last
longer, but pain and
vomiting drugs seem to be favored.  Hallucinogens might only encourage
the religious martyrs.
3. *Any* chemwar, e.g., CS and capsaicin, used by the US police on its
citizens, can kill,
e.g., the elderly, young, asthmatics, etc.  Any drug will kill some
fraction: vaccines kill
a few people a year, but save zillions.
[1] The British military, fighting the american revolutionary Jihad,
inadvertently consumed
a Datura species as they scrounged for food in the Virginia woods.
Datura sp. contain atropine.
They ended up "howling naked at the moon".  As they were near Jamestown,
the species became known as Jimsonweed.

@_date: 2002-04-06 16:15:52
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: Small Arms Failure in Afghan (caliberpunks) 
A badly wounded *Christian* draftee/unemployable but not wannabe
Indeed ---US domestic police shoot to kill, not 'wound', because
they shoot when someone's life is in imminent danger.
Or vice-versa.

@_date: 2002-04-07 16:14:18
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re:  Julia Child was a Spook 
RTFM.  Or the Al-Quaeda declarations, at least.
So *you* claim.  Chuckle.
Why would Al Q. care about the US if the US were not in their backyard?
Its not like they care about US colonialism in the Americas, or Europe.
They learned (via CCCP, Lebanon, etc.) how to evict intruders from their
homeland, and now they are implementing it.  They're acting rationally,
and as a wanna-be analyst you should be able to understand that.
In dropping the Towers, they were trying to wake up US taxpayers to
the actions of their 'leaders'.  Unfortunate that Americans are so hard
to wake up (vaporizing some jar-heads on the other side of the planet
does not truly impress), even harder to get to think, but that's the

@_date: 2002-04-06 16:43:49
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re:  Julia Child was a Spook 
"Terrorist" is what the bigger side of an asymmetrical conflict
call the smaller side.  Also "crazy", and other intended-derogatory
When the American Revolutionary Jihad did not line up, or wear
uniforms, like proper British soldiers, but sniped from camoflaged
positions, they were regarded as terrorists by the colonialists.
The more things change..
If you were on the weaker side, you wouldn't play "fair", ie,
according to the rules written by those who gain from the rules.
Or you would be a dead fool, and your survivors would be slaves.

@_date: 2002-04-24 15:24:02
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: Two ideas for random number generation 
You can also use common guard structures to isolate the "HV" part of the
chip, without dicking with the Delicate Recipes (process) which you
Want To Do And Probably Wouldn't Be Allowed To Anyway.  Also helps
keep digital switching noise out of the source.
Actually, we're interested...
And constant-current sources are *sooo* tough to make out of transistors
My small point is confirming that junction/avalanche RNG sources are
very compatible with standard CMOS fabrication.  (I've actually probed
structures on production wafers in a stuffy metal room examining this...
man, you don't want to have had too much coffee trying to land the
..looking at analogue measurements with spectral analyzers and sampled
data with
statistical tools)
The junction structures are "louder" than resistors --they produce more
entropy per watt.
Intel may have had other, valid reasons for using resistive sources in
its real RNG.

@_date: 2002-04-30 15:06:38
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: Got carried away... 
Of course, no security is impenatrable, and a few years ago some
unbalanced :-) yahoo stole a tank IIRC from a SoCal National Guard and
that the Jersey barriers on the 5 were not up to the task.  Eventually a
climbed it and shot the guy in the tank.  Remember to lock that door.
An inspiring bit of surrealtv, that was.

@_date: 2002-07-02 03:06:28
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: biometric containment (privacy, fingerprints, dead utah 
So the neighbors of that dead blonde Utah jailbait volunteered their
fingerprints, presumably for discounting them, though possibly not.
In any case: how could a neighbor-friendly cypherpunk give
prints which were *not* entered into the Fed Oracle?
Only way I can think of is to physically control your deadtree print
and require the Feebs to manually enter the dozen topo-feature-locations
of your print from a memoryless measuring device, (eg, a glass lens and
reticle) in front of you, then take the print sheet with you.  How you
that the imaging system is memoryless is up to you.

@_date: 2002-07-02 03:06:28
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: biometric containment (privacy, fingerprints, dead utah 
So the neighbors of that dead blonde Utah jailbait volunteered their
fingerprints, presumably for discounting them, though possibly not.
In any case: how could a neighbor-friendly cypherpunk give
prints which were *not* entered into the Fed Oracle?
Only way I can think of is to physically control your deadtree print
and require the Feebs to manually enter the dozen topo-feature-locations
of your print from a memoryless measuring device, (eg, a glass lens and
reticle) in front of you, then take the print sheet with you.  How you
that the imaging system is memoryless is up to you.

@_date: 2002-07-07 14:13:54
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: TPM cost constraint [was: RE: Revenge of the WAVEoid] 
Adding the cost of an EMBASSY or SEE environment to the,>purchase of
every new PC is more than the market for bare-bones or even,>mid-range
PC's will bear.,>,>--Lucky,>
Too bad PCMCIA cardreaders aren't widespread, then a bank could give
away smartcards
which would be arguably more secure than browserware.

@_date: 2002-07-14 16:17:34
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: Atmospheric noise & fair coin flipping 
Physics, chaos, the growth of initial uncertainty as systems evolve,
energy/time required to make measurements to arbitrary precision.
The rules of physics are those that don't change from time to time, or
place to place.
Certainly the e.g., wind speed does.
No, since 'anything through a whitener passes' these tests.
The integers (0, 1, 2..) fed into DES will pass.
(Equivalently) A low-entropy source fed into a hash will pass.
[Historical note: this is why Intel should make its raw RNG
data available in chips with whitened-output RNG functions]
To have a true RNG, You *must* have a physical understanding of the
of entropy whence you distill the pure bits (whether or not
you feed it into a whitener after distillation).  Precisely
because a 'black box' may be a deterministic (if you know
the secret) PRNG.  By 'distill' I mean reduce N bits to M,
N > M, in such a way as to increase the entropy of the
resultant M bits.
'Random' should be taken to mean 'ignorant of'.  It suffices
that we (and our adversary) are ignorant of the detailed conditions
inside a noise diode, unstable atomic nucleus, atmospheric
(or FM radio) noise receiver, etc.  Philosophical discussions about
randomness' ("Is there a deeper/smaller level of description in
which apparently-random events are based or emerge from?")
are beyond the scope of this rant.

@_date: 2002-07-14 16:26:20
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: Which universe are we in? (tossing tennis balls into 
You mean "this particular *atom* will decay".
And while QM can't help you with a particular atom, it also doesn't say
that its impossible that knowledge of internal states of the atom
wouldn't help you predict its fragmentation.
Think about tossing tennis balls through spinning propellers.  You might
think you could
only characterize the translucent prop-disk by a certain probability
that the ball would get through
vs. get shredded.  ("Propeller mechanics")
But if you could see the phase of the prop as it spun, you could time
your tosses and predict which would get shredded.  But without that
high-speed strobe, you just think there's a disk where there's really a
spinning blade.

@_date: 2002-07-22 22:41:32
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: Are the Feds Wimps or What? 
Well, you showed it to them enough times, they believe you now :-)

@_date: 2002-07-25 01:27:44
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: warchalking on the Beeb 
Well, its official.  Warchalking (802.11x domain marking) appeared on
the US edition of the BBC News.  No hype re: anonymity & t*rr*r*sm &
& bears; a mention though of service-contract violations, and the gift
community concept.
Thank you Mr. Beeb.
(And all your privacy-invading TV IF locating white vans)

@_date: 2002-08-02 15:06:35
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: modified consoles as disposable nodes 
Damn, first they came for my Furby.  Then they came for my Dreamcast.
Wait until the Dreamcasters get into stealth casemods..

@_date: 2002-09-08 20:41:10
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: opsec hint: don't give classified into to Moussaoui 
US accidentally gave Moussaoui classified information on
  al-Qaeda: report
  September 07, 2002, 11:09 PM
                WASHINGTON (AFP) - The US government accidentally gave
                Zacarias Moussaoui, the only person charged in
connection with the
                September 11 attacks, classified information about
al-Qaeda, ABC
                News reported.
                The documents and computer disks were mistakenly handed
over to
                Moussaoui along with materials the government is
required to
                furnish for his legal defense, several legal sources,
including one at
  the Justice Department, told the network Friday. Moussaoui is serving
as his own
  counsel.

@_date: 2002-09-08 20:14:17
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: seeking information for Tired News article 
We're all just voices in TM's head..
Dogthinker seeks Alpha Cat.
Which?  WN is widely considered lame ('tired' to you) esp. since Declan
On the other hand, publicity can attract contentful participants.  Also
trolling feds and folks looking for help with homework.
Well a few authors have gotten free plane trips & bed & board at the
expense.. some even came back after it was over.
Any such "alliance" would require a Group Consensus -
True 'nuff.  Now ask us about protocols which let you determine a
well, that's tasty.
end of
And 'we' should 'trust' "you" *why* ??  (Ho-ho, list relevence!
Explain/define the
scare-quotes!  For extra credit, explain how protocols might avoid

@_date: 2002-09-08 19:54:20
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: police video surveillance of public schools; facerecog too 
SANTEE, Calif. -- As Mike Brooder pulls into the student parking lot
outside West Hills High School, wireless cameras record his face and
license plate--doing the same to every car that follows.
The cameras then track the 17-year-old senior as he walks up a concrete
path, studies his schedule, scratches his chin, waves to friends and
then wanders to class.
Nearly every move Brooder makes--and every move of his 2,300
classmates--is captured and stored in the campus' database.
Following last September's terrorist attacks and years of school
shootings, West Hills High sits on the cutting edge of the emerging
surveillance society.
Each bathroom door is monitored. Sensors that detect the smoke of a
single match send alerts to campus security.
By Christmas, four more cameras will be installed, and hall monitors
will carry wireless computers that can pull up a student's school
picture, class schedule and attendance record.
School officials are considering whether to expand the SkyWitness
surveillance system by adding facial recognition software that will
allow a computer to filter out who should--and who should not--be on
Technology, once viewed primarily as a learning tool, is building a wall
of electronic security on campus.
"People are saying they expected this to happen after the shootings and
the terrorists last year," said Brooder, an honor student who plays on
the school baseball team. "Still, it seems a little overwhelming and
And perhaps likely to become far more common--not just in schools, but
Schools are among the first to embrace new technology, often because
companies view campuses as perfect testing grounds before rolling
products out to corporate America.
For instance, one of the companies behind West Hills' system,
PacketVideo Corp., predicts that demand for products like SkyWitness
will grow, as people are tracked at factories, office parks,
stadiums--even places such as the Third Street Promenade shopping
district in Santa Monica.
Companies like the fact that students enjoy fewer constitutional
protections than adults and have lower expectations of privacy than
their parents.
For many students, such surveillance is standard, with cameras at every
bank ATM and many fast-food drive-throughs.
But the desire to protect has led to an erosion of individual privacy,
civil liberties advocates argue.
"Once privacy is gone, you can't get it back," said Dale Kelly Bankhead,
a spokeswoman for the ACLU of San Diego and Imperial counties. "This is
not just about schools, but about a broader social attitude."
Relying on such high-tech systems is an unusual move for high schools,
but is expected to become a more popular trend in the post-Sept, 11
world, said Kenneth S. Trump, president and chief executive of National
School Safety and Security Services, a Cleveland-based consulting firm.
At Tewksbury Memorial High School, about an hour outside Boston, the
push for security has gone so far as to result in a video-surveillance
system that lets both educators--and local police--watch the hallways.
"Cameras are everywhere someone wants to watch over," Trump said.
The technology at West Hills relies on advanced hardware, but basic,
off-the-shelf technology is already used by both parents and educators
to watch kids.
Software programs can take snapshots of every Web page they visit and
every e-mail they send.
Devices such as AutoWatch can be popped into an automobile and
programmed to record a car's speed, as well as times, dates and the
lengths of time it is driven. Cell-phone bills list the calls a student
makes and receives.
"You might call it control," said Joe Schramm, head of security at West
Hills. "We call it keeping the kids safe."
Tucked into the scrub-brush valley of Santee, West Hills High appears to
be nothing but safe.
The average SAT score is nearly 1100, and 70% of last year's seniors are
attending either a community college or a four-year institution this
fall. But West Hills High has not gone untouched by fear.
Less than three miles away, Charles "Andy" Williams went on a shooting
rampage last year, killing two students and wounding 13 others at
Santana High School.
The community was stunned when nearly two weeks later another student
launched a shooting spree at a different school in the Grossmont Union
High School District.
Jason Hoffman, 18, wounded five people at Granite Hills High School in
El Cajon.
Hoffman committed suicide while awaiting trial. Last month Williams was
sentenced to prison for 50 years to life.
Despite the violence, the school district was forced to cut its budget
across the board; the security group lost three of its 10 employees,
including two of the staff members who helped patrol the 76-acre West
Hills campus.
Hoping to offset the pain of the staff cuts, the district started to
look at technology it already had in place on its campuses and explore
how the tools could be used for security purposes, said Sue Mangiapane,
education global account manager for Cisco Systems Inc.
The San Jose computer giant had been hired to install the core routers,
switches and servers that formed the computer brain to link campuses
with the district's offices and, in turn, to the Internet.
Initially, the technology had been designed for instructional use, such
as creating digital lockers where students could store their electronic
art projects.
Then, the focus shifted toward security. At a technology conference this
spring, executives from Cisco and San Diego-based PacketVideo began
discussing the school shootings and tossing around ideas of how the
tragedies could have been avoided.
"Schools aren't a key security market for us," said James Carol,
chairman and co-founder of PacketVideo, a privately owned software
company that creates wireless video networks.
The company, along with Cisco and Sony, donated the equipment and
handled the installation of the $50,000 SkyWitness system.
"This was the right thing to do for a school that's essentially in our
backyard," Carol said.
The project at West Hills also provided the technology companies with a
test lab in which to develop and try out a security system that the
firms will ultimately market to corporate America and government
Already, PacketVideo's software is used by cell phone and technology
firms such as NTT DoCoMo in Japan and Siemens AG in Germany, and tapped
for private security projects.
Tech firms such as Microsoft Corp. and Apple Computer Co. have a long
history of donating software and hardware to schools. The motivation is
partly the push to be a corporate good citizen and partly the desire to
influence the consumer habits of future shoppers.
"If you want to stress-test a technology, particularly a security
system, a school is a good place," said Trump of National School Safety
and Security Services. "Most often, the biggest obstacle a company must
overcome is the issue of cost. If [the technology] is free, many schools
will be open to it."
Aiding the decision is the fact that minors have fewer rights than
adults, said John Pescatore, research director for security at the
industry-consulting firm Gartner.
"If the system gets too intrusive, the school and the technology
companies are likely to get fewer complaints and fewer legal actions
filed over it" than they would elsewhere, Pescatore said. "You can do
things on a school campus that you could never do in an office
Few of the students at West Hills or their parents knew about the new
surveillance system when classes began in late August.
The school's football team, the Wolf Pack, and the campus cheerleaders
had practiced on campus this summer and saw the cameras being installed.
Rumors flew, as word of the new technology became campus gossip.
Some students, carrying their bar-coded photo identification cards,
grumbled about the digital devices that tracked their every step.
But most wandered nonchalantly by the wireless cameras, ignoring the
"We're observed all the time," said senior Kimberly Schmidtke, 17. "It's
just that they're now taping us."
That such surveillance would not only be accepted but also embraced by
some teenagers marks a subtle cultural shift over public monitoring.
A few decades ago, students rallied against having their actions
recorded by authority figures.
But as camera technologies became cheaper and easier to use, they became
far more widely used, said Bankhead of the ACLU.
Digital cameras sit on top of home computers, peek out of mall ceilings
and take snapshots at gas station pumps.
Cities such as Simi Valley have approved grants to pay for cameras to
catch graffiti vandals, and dozens of towns nationwide use cameras to
capture drivers who speed through red lights.
"It's been so incremental, we almost didn't notice such monitoring of
our lives was happening," Bankhead said. "We don't even know it's there.
The more it's there, the more it seems to make sense to people."
In the first few days of school, only a few parents voiced
complaints--not about the technology itself, but that the district had
not informed them that the system would be put into use.
"For something so significant, it's the district's responsibility to
disclose what they're doing," said Patty Everts, 50, while waiting
Monday to pick up her daughter at West Hills. "We knew there was new
technology on the campus that was being upgraded. Most people assumed it
was for educational purposes, not security."
School officials plan to send a letter out to parents next month "as
soon as we know the full potential of how we are going to use this
technology," said Principal Jim Peabody. "The technology will help us
keep kids safe and keep out people who shouldn't be on this campus."
But the security system could not have prevented last year's school
rampages, because the shooters were not people who didn't belong on
Reliance on such technology to attempt the creation of a protective wall
horrifies privacy proponents, who insist that the West Hills system is
not only invasive, but also gives parents and school officials a false
sense of security.
"No one's even asking the question: Is this truly going to make my child
safer?" Bankhead said.
To 66-year-old grandfather Jerry Parli, the answer is moot. Lingering at
the entrance of West Hills, he sat patiently in the hot August
afternoon, waiting to pick up his two granddaughters.
"It's about time they do something like this," he said. "It's a terrible
thing, but it's time to embrace Big Brother."
"Well, as long as everyone's videotaping everyone else, I guess justice
will be done"
Marge Simpson

@_date: 2002-09-08 19:22:00
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: research & homeland insecurity 
(sent to AAAS members)
Dear AAAS Member:
As the anniversary of September 11th approaches, AAAS continues to
be engaged in issues that relate to national security and the role of
science and technology.  One such issue is the safe and responsible
conduct of research involving biological agents and toxins.
AAAS was recently asked by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) to
assist in alerting our members to the federal mandate (Public Law
requiring all facilities and persons that possess, use, or transfer
or toxins considered a threat to animals, plants, animal and plant
and/or public health (called "select agents") to notify the CDC and the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.  Approximately 200,000 facilities were
sent a copy of the notification form by the CDC.
The deadline for submitting a completed form to the CDC is September 10,
2002.  All entities that receive a copy of the form must comply, even if
they do not possess a select agent or toxin.  If you are in possession
a select agent or toxin and did not receive a form, you should call
toll-free number: 1-866-567-4232.
Further information on the select agent list, procedures for
and exemptions can be found at the following websites:
CDC: USDA: AAAS is initiating an effort to monitor the effects of new national
security initiatives on the research community.  In that regard, we'd be
pleased to hear about your experience, whether positive or negative,
in complying with this new federal mandate.  You can forward such
information to Dr. Mark Frankel, director of the AAAS Program on
Scientific Freedom, Responsibility and Law at mfrankel
Alan I. Leshner
Chief Executive Officer

@_date: 2002-10-28 16:44:03
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Re: Confiscation of Anti-War Video 
Plenty of webcams come with software to auto upload (e.g., ftp).
They require a computer though.  You mean an embedded device?
A 2.5 G phone with a camera, and the 'feature' to autosend
periodically, would be a fine vidbug.
Reminds me of that LEO notice a while back that captors were
leaving their cell phones, and leaving them on, in the copcars.
BTW JY needs to learn the Tomlinson trick of switching his chips.
A wee bit of slight of hand.
