
@_date: 2005-02-04 05:06:11
@_author: alanbackfordsxyx@tiscali.fr 
@_subject: Urgent Response Required! 
Compliments and Greetings. Please kindly allow me introduce myself. My names are Alan Backford, I am an accountant, by age 31 Years, graduate of the American Open University in Dubai, I am an English and I have returned to England for one reason; for the up bringing of my children in an English I was the head of the account department of a Private Bank in Netherlands and I would like to intimate you with certain facts that I believe would be of interest to you.
This involves a client who shared the same last name with you and had an investment placed under our bank's management years ago, the circumstances surrounding the investment made by this client who died interstate, with no known nominated successor in title over this investment made with the Private Banking Branch of my bank has made it very difficult to locate anyone who is directly related to the deceased.
With the very strong feeling that no one will ever come forward to claim the funds and the investigation coming to a close after several months, the need for an assistance becomes crucial, as a next of kin to the depositor is earnestly being searched for, I have already developed a fullproof, legal and totally risk free means through which the fund can be released to your nominated bank account within a very short time after due documentation and authentication process.
The strategy is to use the information contained in the file of the deceased to put up an application as the only surviving next of Kin and beneficiary of the deposit. I want to assure you that I have concluded all local modalities for the successful completion of this within 10 banking days of your agreement to proceed with me as the required assistance is perfected to be 100% risk free.
I expect your urgent response and if in the affirmative, I shall advice you on what we need to do.  I would therefore appreciate it, if you send all your messages and correspondence to my private and confidential email address; alanbackford  I sincerely hope you respond soon.
Best regards,
Alan Backford.
