
@_date: 2014-11-17 04:54:11
@_author: globally 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] FW: IAB Statement on Internet Confidentiality 
Hmm...the Reddit posting has had no responses.
On a more serious note, the IAB statement below opens up a whole can of worms.
1. The vast bulk of the Internet protocols now and in the future  already exist. How are we going to retrofit them or somehow deal with  them?  New secure protocols will be a tiny percentage of the installed  base of insecure protocols.
2. You can't just encrypt/authenticate without dealing with key  management, which adds more complexity and state to a protocol and  supporting software. Is the IETF going to design a one-size fits all  key management protocol?
3. You can't just add key management without dealing with policy  adjudication. And you can't adjudicate without a (globally) scalable  way to deal with the identity of humans and programs.  How do we  represent and store policy attributes and rules? Is this beyond the  purview of the IAB? If so, whom does the IAB coordinate with?
4. You can't encrypt without dealing with legal issues, like  supporting judicial warrants for "wire taps". We cannot ignore most  (democratic?) societies' need to investigate crime. (I expect to get  heated flame mail over this point.)
5. You can't successfully secure your comm links if your nodes are  insecure.  At the very least we will need to have operating systems  that support something like a Biba integrity model for processes.  And  to do this we need some sort of Reference Monitor inside each OS.  How  can we do this without hardware support?  And how do we get all the OS  vendors to agree to secure their OS's in manner that supports these  new (and retrofitted) protocols keying and policy needs?
- Alex
Quoting ianG :

@_date: 2014-12-04 17:37:45
@_author: and policy adjudication 
@_subject: Re: [Cryptography] Toxic Combination 
Quoting Peter Gutmann :
I agree with you, having designed and built symmetric key systems in  the past for intra-organization use.  These type of systems had a  centralized key management (and policy adjudication) server for  maximum automation of secure data/session key distribution, which is  great for things like real-time revocation.
How would you propose going about doing it for a globally scalable system?
- Alex
