
@_date: 2015-09-22 16:38:19
@_author: Alice Wonder 
@_subject: Re: Is this crypto paper real or fake? 
Another thing you have to consider is mail servers, they must accept non-encrypted messages from other MTAs per RFC.
So if you tighten down too much on port 25 and other mail servers can't connect via SSL on port 25, they send plain text.
Potentially breakable encryption is still better than plain text. So the TLS library can't be so locked down that your mail server ends up getting a bunch of MTA to MTA as plain text.
You can (and should) lock down port 587 but 25 needs to continue to support ciphers still commonly in use, so you can't just remove everything from the TLS library that can be broken with a budget.

@_date: 2015-09-22 16:31:05
@_author: Alice Wonder 
@_subject: Re: Is this crypto paper real or fake? 
They kind of have to in order to remain interoperable with existing software clients that use them.
In the case of export ciphers they removed, no current software needs them so removing them was right. But with the elliptical curves, some of them are still being used even though they are not recommended for use.
They can be removed once their use is fully deprecated.
If you TLS library removes everything that can be broken with a large budget, you will find that no one uses it because it won't work with other software very well, resulting in people using less secure TLS libraries instead.
That's why for example I am not opposed to them including 3DES or RC4 for example even though I would never use it for anything new.

@_date: 2015-09-21 19:53:08
@_author: Alice Wonder 
@_subject: Re: Is this crypto paper real or fake? 
I did not ask the question but thank you for your answer. I was a math major back in the early 90s but never really went that way career wise, but with the weak DH parameter revelations this topic has suddenly become a lot more interesting to me, and clearly I have a lot to learn. It is nice to see answers like yours that I can at least somewhat comprehend without hours of research.
And I think that is part of the problem, while all programming involves some math, most of us do not have good enough of a grasp of cryptography to understand when we are doing something that can be broken or
