
@_date: 2004-10-01 21:56:25
@_author: not even myself 
@_subject: cypherpunksPLEASE ASSIST THE LESS PRIVELEGDE IN OUR SOCIETY 
FROM:ALIU HASSAN
Dear friend,
I greet you in the Name that is above all names,As you read this, I
want you to feel sorry for me, because,I believe everyone will die
someday.My name is Aliu Hassan, a merchant in Dubai, in the U.A.E.I have
been diagnosed with lung cancer. It has defiled all forms of medical
treatment, and right now I have only about a few months to live,
to medical experts. I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I
never really cared for anyone (not even myself) but my business.
Though I am very rich, I was never generous, I was always hostile to
people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing I
for. But now I regret all this as I now know that there is more to life
than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world.
I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I
live my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that God has
called me, I have willed and given most of my property and assets to my
immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends.
I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul so, I have decided
give alms to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last
good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed money to some
charity organizations in the U.A.E, Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my
health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself anymore. I
asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute
money which I have there to charity organization in Bulgaria and
Pakistan, they refused and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do not
trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contended with what I have
left for them.
The last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of
Eighteen Million US dollars (US$18,000,000.00), that I have with a
company  abroad. Acknowledge this message so that I can introduce you to
my lawyer who will handle the transfer of receivership by you of the
funds. I will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it
to charity organizations. My lawyer shall put you in the picture of the
funds, tell you where the funds are currently being maintained and also
discuss modalities including remuneration for your services.
For this reason kindly furnish your contact information, that is your
address, personal telephone and fax number for confidential purpose.
Please reply to my private email address : aliuhassans
God be with you.
Aliu HassanLNGDWDPUQRIURRQP
