
@_date: 2005-02-15 03:30:16
@_author: "Mr. Alloy Sankoh." 
@_subject: Seeking  For Assistance. 
Tel : 66-5-0469003.
E-mail: alloy_sankoh     Dear Sir.
Compliments of the day, before I proceed, I must be grateful to introduce myself. I am Mr. Alloy Sankoh, a former Aide to one of the ministers of the Sierra-Leonian government, prior to the time of crisis which is presently on and I got your contact from a directory Ihave just acquired. Due to my position, I have been able to come away
with a reasonable sum of money and I have the tendency to invest this
money in a company with good line of products like your own company and with potential for a good capital returns. Since your country is one of the good investor friendly nations in the world, I have decieded to live and run business over there I would therefore like you to help me in every possible way in securing this money in your country. Furthermore I will like you to assist me in finding a good business that I will invest this fund. However upon acceptance, you will be required to come to Bangkok-Thailand for a meeting. This will enable us to know ourselves better and finalize arrangement towards moving this fund to your country. In view of your participation, I am ready to give you a good negotiation percentage for your assistance or better still commit it into a joint venture project. Be assured that you stand no risk of any
kind as the fund belongs to me only. As soon as I get your consent, I will quickly move this fund to your country and finally move my family over there as well.
I strongly believe that associating with you to embark on this and other business ventures will derive a huge success hereafter. If you have any question do not hesitate to include same in your reply.
I am looking forward to hearing from you with regards to our collaboration and our immediate formal meeting. Kindly include in your
reply, your phone number probably mobile for ease of communication and ask that you call me on the number: 66-1-2743631
Best Regards
Mr. Alloy  Sankoh.
