
@_date: 2001-09-17 18:51:52
@_author: Alfred Qaeda 
@_subject: Sonny Bono's Congressman Widow warns of nat'l ID 
Of course, anyone who advances fascism at this time is a *collaborator*
Maybe a tree will martyr itself by jumping into her way as she's
                        Rep. Mary Bono, R-Palm
                          Springs, on Friday warned
                          that the country should
                          prepare for a fight against
                          international terrorists that
                          will likely include personal
                          sacrifice, the use of ground
                          troops overseas and the risk
                          of retaliation against civilians
                          by the enemy.
                          In a wide-ranging interview, Bono gave dire
                          of an immediate future she predicted could
                          intense scrutiny of airline passengers, a
                          system of fingerprinting and identification
cards and
                          the specter of chemical and biological attacks
on the
                          United States.

@_date: 2001-11-08 14:25:14
@_author: Alfred Qaeda 
@_subject: US web sites get US protection; french NAZIs stay in france 
Judge Fogel's ruling holds that if you have a U.S.-based Web site, you
are subject to U.S. law and
      you are protected by the First Amendment. Foreign court orders
will not be enforced.

@_date: 2001-11-09 17:48:45
@_author: Alfred Qaeda 
@_subject: US psyops uses Napster to steal music for broadcast 
"He [Sgt in 4th psyops group] has downloaded hundreds more tunes from
Internet sites that specialize in Afghan music."
No, I don't know that Atheists should be considered as
citizens, nor should they be considered patriots.
This is one nation under God. -GW Bush

@_date: 2001-12-05 22:14:06
@_author: Alfred Qaeda 
@_subject: guns, encryption, ID, biometrics, document authentication, 
Learned the following today: starting soon --Jan 2002 IIRC-- you can't
use an unswipable drivers license to buy a gun in CA.  When asked, the
 employee said there was encrypted info on them
that was harder to forge than the holograph-laminated front.
When I said that the licenses could be read with a regular cardreader
and that info could be forged, he suggested it was the newer license
(with two pictures vs 1 and an optical bar code too).  He suggested that
the "encrypted info" was harder to forge than the laminated front.
This would be possible if the front info was securely hashed with a
secret key.
Anyone have more info?  Good citizens are curious if they did this
right, and
what all the bits on the strip mean.
So monkeywrenching the magstrip will impair your constitutional rights.
A replacement license is $12; perhaps a good citizen needs a spare.
In any case Govn'or Slime Davis signed a law requiring fingerprints in a
year or two.
I bet they'll be taking hair samples or cheek scrapings in five years.

@_date: 2001-12-05 19:33:17
@_author: Alfred Qaeda 
@_subject: Feds try to get Magic Lantern installation automated 
"US Government advisor Richard Clarke says software companies
should distribute patches that automatically update customers'
Experts reject call for automated virus protection
Anti-virus experts have rejected a US government call for
automated software patches to combat computer viruses.
Sophos says calls for software vendors to do more are out of touch
with typical users' requirements.
They point out that many customers would reject anything that
undermines their sovereignty over their computer systems.
US Government advisor Richard Clarke says software companies
should distribute patches that automatically update customers'
                                       But Sophos says the idea betrays
a lack of understanding of how
                                       anti-virus software already
                                       "Most anti-virus vendors give
their customers the option of
                                       automating updates, but some
businesses are reticent about
                                       outsourcing crucial security
measures," explained senior technology
                                       consultant Graham Cluley.
                                       "For peace of mind they'd rather
implement their own updates to
                                       ensure they work properly for
their environment."
                                       Mr Clarke's comments came amidst
a fresh virus outbreak. Goner is
                                       an email-disseminating worm that
purports to be a screensaver.
                                       Story filed: 17:35 Wednesday 5th
December 2001

@_date: 2001-12-05 18:02:23
@_author: Alfred Qaeda 
@_subject: Bad Opsec: Afghan hills, atavan for geologists 
excerpts from
about the importance of operational security
Later CNN gave Shroder an enhanced copy of the complete tape. It
 revealed that the camera operator did not turn off the camera while he
 removed it from the tripod. As he tilted the camera up, the outline of
 the top of the ravine was caught on two frames.
Armed with this new information, Shroder was able to place Bin Laden
in a province in the south.
"They told me, 'You guys have made yourselves a little too vulnerable,'
" he said. Now, the nondescript room Shroder and his team use to
assemble and analyze maps of Afghanistan has been secured: digital
locks and 24-hour audio and video surveillance. "I'm now a worldwide
