
@_date: 2002-04-25 10:47:29
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: $250,000 policy for only $8.50/month!               qfvinrsjht 
You can't predict the future, but you can always prepare for it.
Our service is always free. We know you will find that the information we provide you is valuable. Why Spend More? Receive a Free, No-Obligation quote from an expert agent comparing the best values from
among hundreds of the nation's top insurance companies! We make it possible to quickly compare the price, features, and
financial strength of over 1,600 life insurance products! As a result, our clients typically save as much as 70%.
Now it's easier to provide for your Loved Ones: SAVE UP TO 70% ON YOUR TERM LIFE INSURANCE Lowest Rates from the Best Insurance Companies Nationwide! Compare your rates in less than a minute:
1. get your FREE instant quotes
2. compare the lowest prices
3. select the company of your choice
4. apply online  COMPARE YOUR CURRENT COVERAGE to our sample 10-year level term monthly premiums.
You'll have the best quotes from the nation's top insurance companies in less than 1 minute!
Important Notice to Homeowners.
Did you realize that a with just a .25% drop in your morgage rate you can save thousands of dollars.
Refinance or consolidate high interest credit card debt into a low interest mortgage.  Mortgage interest is tax deductible, whereas credit card interest is not.
Our nationwide network of lenders have hundreds of  different loan programs to fit your current situation:
   *  Refinance
   *  Second Mortgage
   *  Debt Consolidation
   *  Home Improvement
   *  Purchase
By clicking on the link below and filling out the form, the information you provide is instantly transmitted to our network of financial experts who will respond to your request with up to three offers.
This service is 100% free to homeowners, and of course, without obligation.
"Now is the time to take advantage of falling interest rates!  There is no advantage in waiting any longer."
To opt out from future Financial News and Money Saving Reports send a request to:goodbye
