
@_date: 2004-10-01 19:59:09
@_author: "mrs amina mohammed" 
@_subject: can i trust you 
Dear Friend
Greetings !!
I come to you with a sincere heart believing in
Almighty Allah that you will consider my plight and
come to help and also benefit from me. I am Mrs. Amina
Mohammed, cousin and Personal Assistant to former
Nigeria Head of State, Late General Sanni Abacha who
died on the 8th July 1998 while in power. Before I
proceed please accept my apology for the embarrassment
this mail might cause you for coming from a total
stranger who you do not know. Actually I got your
contact from the Internet; please do not feel bad
about it because I am compelled to reach you due to
urgent need to safeguard the money in question. Once
again, forgive me and come to my aid. Please read the
following carefully.
Sometime in early 1997, my boss late Gen. Sanni Abacha
entrusted to me the sum of US$20.5M in cash (Twenty
million, five hundred thousand US dollars) due to the
trust and confidence he had in me. This money was
meant for campaign in his self-succession bid but
unfortunately he suddenly died before actualization of
is aspiration. This amount of $20.5M in CASH was
deposited with a security company which I will
disclose in subsequent mail in a giant trunk box as
diplomatic consignments In agreement with Mr.Mohammed
Abacha who is the son of late General Abacha and the
heir to the money. I write to solicit your assistance
for the money to be transferred to your custody. Note
that Mr.Mohammed Abacha is currently in detention by
the present Nigeria Government for reasons linked to
activities of his father when he was in power.
Now based on the business trust I have on you, I would
want you to come forward and receive this consignment
containing the money in cash on our behalf from! the
security company for subsequent disbursement between
you and us. Understand that we are soliciting your
assistance because the present Nigerian Government is
seizing/freezing any Bank Account or valuables
belonging to the late Head of state's family and
relatives. In fact we do not have enough money now to
sustain our family so, I will appreciate if you can
consider our plight and assist us. For your
assistance, we have agreed to compensate you with 20%
of the total amount ($20.5) while the remaining 80% is
for us. We hope to invest part of our share in your
country on viable area of investment as you may advise
If you are interested you will need to visit the
Security Company for clearance of the consignment. I
assure you that the transaction is 100% risk free.
Please I implore you to keep this transaction
absolutely secret against negative exposure. I would
want you to contact me immediately so that we can
proceed with the business. You should please on reply
enclose your private telephone, fax number,contact
address so that we can have more confidential
correspondence. please reply strictly to my altanate email
address (amina_mohammed2
Best regards,
Mrs.Amina Mohammed.
