
@_date: 2012-11-25 12:30:58
@_author: "Ammar Salih" 
@_subject: RE: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
Thank you everyone, I appreciate your feedback and will try to summarize few
points in one email to avoid duplication .. apologies if I missed any.
1- It does not have to be in every IPv6 header, only when there is location
2- the host should have the option of not sending location updates.
3- I am suggesting an *extension header*, which means that operators will
have the option of not using it in case they don't want to.
could request and send GPS positions.
1- there are already several application-layer mechanisms which have been
created for this purpose, none of them has been considered by major service
providers, google for example is still using RIR info for determining
location-based settings like language.
2- Layer 7 will not be detected by layer 3 devices (routers) .. so
location-based service on layer-3 will not be possible. 3- Currently, many applications do not share same mechanisms to obtain
location or location-related data, GEOPRIV WG [1] works on http location
mechanism, but *for the sake of example* VoIP soft-switches may not support
http protocol, so a new mechanism needs to be developed- which has been done
[2] .. W3c has also specified another API that provides scripted access to
geographical location information [3] which has not been considered by
others .. that's why I am suggesting a unified lower layer *optional* mechanism which
is capable of supporting all other applications.
[1]  [2]         [3]

@_date: 2012-11-22 11:59:59
@_author: "Ammar Salih" 
@_subject: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
Dears, I've proposed a new IPv6 "extension header", it's now posted on IETF
website, your ideas and comments are most welcome!
ext=1  Ammar Salih

@_date: 2012-11-20 11:33:57
@_author: "Ammar Salih" 
@_subject: RE: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
I do understand that the intial purpose of layer-3 is to route data through
topological map, but that was 30 years ago, the IP concept is even older, I
believe it's about time to look into what has been done so far, and to let
some changes take place, and to give more space to new applications and
services to be introduces by providing the proper infrastructure.
Once you provide location-based services, physical and network locations
will be strongly binded together, otherwise network will not know where to
forward these packets and topological location alone will be useless.
Good science should be practical enough to be applied in real life, business
and services invest technology to make peoples life easier and more
prodective .. I may not agree with you in refferring to google and others as
"not very good programmers to do dumb things that will work for awhile".
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, November 19, 2012 2:39 AM
It has been interesting to watch this discussion, but Eitan and others have
it correct.
The purpose of network addresses is to locate an entity in the graph of the
network.  Network addresses are intended to facilitate forwarding.  For
forwarding, only the structure of the graph is important.  (Notice I did not
say "topology."  A topology refers to the invariant properties of a mapping
among sets. A graph is not a topology. A set of graphs might be. Yes, I know
the field abuses the term all the time. Another failure of education.)
Physical location has nothing to do with the operation of the network layer.
It is all about forwarding packets within the graph formed by the layer.
When one says that network addresses are location dependent (and they are)
it is with respect to the graph of the network.  This is also why addresses
must be assigned *by* the network.  Only the network knows where in the
graph the nodes are. (Yes, this means that so-called MAC addresses are not addresses. They are
serial numbers.  Neither were IP addresses pre-CIDR.)
All identifiers in computing are addresses and locate something.  As Saltzer
says, to resolve a name is to locate an object in a given context.  Things
like a so-called flat address is really just an address  used outside its
context.  For example, MAC addresses locate the manufacturer and however
else the manufacturer used the space.
This is all pretty basic stuff.
I believe you were referring to Google here.  The wonderful thing about
software is that it is possible for not very good programmers to do dumb
things that will work for awhile.  As we have seen in this field since its
inception, it is dangerous to confuse economic success with good science.
"Well, it works!" is merely an excuse, not an argument for good science.
Take care,
John Day
It has nothing do with physical location either.  So, if you would put that
in why not something else.

@_date: 2012-11-18 14:51:00
@_author: "Ammar Salih" 
@_subject: RE: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
Content-Language: en-us
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

@_date: 2012-11-10 15:05:11
@_author: "Ammar Salih" 
@_subject: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
Content-Language: en-us
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
