
@_date: 2013-09-05 23:50:23
@_author: Andrew F 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Tor users are not anonymous 
From On the basis of patterns can be easily identified despite Tor users
anonymity than expected. The have Aaron Johnson , Chris Wacek , Micah Sherr
and Paul Syverson studied in a scientific study . The authors have
investigated here the data that go into the Tor network and compared with
those who come out . Especially users of BitTorrent or IRC via gate can be
exposed quickly . The problems , however, are known and Tor team has
adequately in their FAQs out .
Provided that both the attacker can also monitor the incoming and outgoing
traffic of at least one or more gateway relays the data can be analyzed and
assigned on the basis of comparative patterns of a given IP address . It
was only a matter of time , write the authors of the study, at least six
months , a user with up to 80 - percent probability 'll identify . For
example, since few users abriefen BitTorrent over Tor and a few relays
opened the ports for BitTorrent , they also stayed open long , so
decreasing the duration of a clearly de-anonymization .
Quickly identified by larger attack surface
The deanonymisation will accelerate when either the attacker complete
control over a portion of the traffic would , for example through an
autonomous system (AS ), or even an Internet Exchange Point ( IXP ) . Then
the period of identification partly reducing by half. A scenario that
classify the scientists in the context of the current discussion of the
work of the intelligence services to be realistic.
Additional tools that speed up the traffic on Tor network , increase the
risk deanonymization also , such as Congestion -Aware Path Selection ,
identified in the bottle necks and data can be redirected accordingly. The
higher the number of guards used by users , the higher the probability to
catch a guard, which is overseen by an attacker .
The four authors of the study but also give hints on how the
de-anonymization may be at least delayed , for example by the number of
entry guards would be reduced . An increase in the decay time of a Guards
could prolong the time until a user is identified. The study indicates that
the Tor team this measure have been used in version 0.2.4.12 -alpha. In
addition, users could manually reduce the number of entry , exit and
exclude nodes. This would indeed sent at the expense of speed more packets
of different clients by individual nodes , but they are less likely to be
assigned .
Although the results of their study are very pessimistic, the authors write
. But yet Gate means confidentiality over the Internet for thousands of
users . They were optimistic that the Tor team could offer the service and
continue to improve .

@_date: 2013-10-23 17:53:31
@_author: Andrew F 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] VOIP and tor 
This sets a terrible precedence. I would hate for other jurisdictions to
move in this direction.

@_date: 2013-10-23 00:52:07
@_author: Andrew F 
@_subject: [tor-talk] VOIP and tor 
Is mumble secure over tor?
Is it the best to use for Voip call on tor?
What are the other options?

@_date: 2014-04-09 17:36:38
@_author: Andrew F 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] [cryptography] The Heartbleed Bug is a serious vulnerability in OpenSSL 
Would be interesting if someone created an app to test for the problem and
then published which big websites are slow to upgrade.
that would certainly be good for consumers.
