
@_date: 2004-07-26 06:37:10
@_author: Brittanie Degree 
@_subject: Brittanie Miss NCVM, Great Potential Today.  dance 
Mon, 26 Jul 2004 02:32:39 -0400
               Hot For July 26th,2004 Ticker:NCVM
       hierophant---Special_Alert-NCVM---priory
*NCVM is our new special alert - Nova To Acquire Multimillion
Dollar Company The best stock for short and long term investors.
*Nova To Acquire Multimillion-Dollar Company
    !! EXPECT HUGE COVERAGE and Positive news from the company!!
NCVM - this stock will get enourmous exposure and very good news
are being extected Read this - Nova To Acquire Multimillion-Dollar
HOT New Issue - Nova Communications Ltd.- TICKER: NCVM
HUGE NEWS: Nova To Acquire Multimillion-Dollar Company
The Stock will EXPLODE on 26th of July .. Huge Exposure expected
Dont sleep on this stock - get in today! NCVM will explode on 26th
of July and next week when even better news are expected
NCVM just released Very HOT news. Please read below, we expect that
many newsletters will cover NCVM in next 5 days and we believe the
stock is headed to $3-5 cents.                        NCVM*NCVM*NCVM*NCVM*
Great News:
TORRANCE, Calif., (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Nova Communications Ltd.
(NCVM) announced today that pursuant to its recently announced
acquisition and business development initiatives, it has signed
a binding Letter of Intent to acquire Mid-Cities Paper Box, Inc.
in a stock transaction. With 2004 revenues projected to exceed $20,000,000, Mid-Cities
is based in Orange County, Calif., and was established in 1949.
The Company is one of the oldest and largest packaging and printing
companies in the Western United States. The execution of this Letter of Intent is in accordance with the
Company's previously announced plans to identify, evaluate, and
acquire flourishing companies in both watercraft and diversified
industries. Nova CEO Ken Owen commented, "Having found a number of interesting
projects and companies to possibly add to our current business
development initiatives, Management believes we have found a 'golden
opportunity' in Mid-Cities Paper Box, Inc." "Mid-Cities is a long-established and profitable cash cow that is
projected to generate revenues in excess of $20,000,000 in fiscal
2004. After thorough research and due diligence reviews of this
industry, Management feels this is a tremendous opportunity for
Nova and its shareholders," Owen added. Get It Immediately Monday Morning For Great Gains All Week!
camD, is cla im, er.femur
Pl. ease be advised that n ot.hing within this em ail shall constitute a
solic. itation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein.
This newsletter is neither a registered inves tment advisor nor
affiliated with any broker or dealer. All statements made are our
express opinio.n o. nly and sho. uld be treated as such. We may own, buy
and sell any securities mentioned at any time. This report includes
forward-looking stat. ements within the meaning of The Private
S. ec. urities Lit. ig ation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may include
terms as exp.ect, bel.ieve, may, wi.ll move, underv.alued
and i.ntend or similar  terms. This newsletter was paid $14500 from
third party to send this report. Do your own research before investing.
You may lose money from investing in Pe. nny S.to, cks.
cinema marmalade undue, pervert belgian sully overstate diploma.
