
@_date: 2001-09-11 17:52:14
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Cyber Scouts Motto: Be Prepared! 
I suppose the repression shit will really
hit the fan now, so, are all the good little
cyber scouts prepared to do their duty?   Recall previous threads on non-internet
dependant messaging systems. Work on the
"parasitic wireless network", revive Fidonet
in a new, digital format. And in the old
string and tin can format if need be. Get
that remailer code intertwinned with mojo,
create a virus version, modify code red
to spread remailers everywhere.    I hope no one here is silly enough
to think the BOR will survive this. Who
knows -- the US gov maybe engineered the
whole thing. Remember the Pentagon plan
to shoot down an airliner. Go watch
"Wag the Dog" also be sure to watch
the director's commentary on the dvd
version of that.

@_date: 2001-09-14 04:16:10
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: re: Sick Wacko in the Whitehouse 
Rather thin ice to be treading then. One should hope that his handlers
put a stop to him soonest. An invasion of Afganistan will likely as not
result in a suitcase nuke becoming the next Manhattan Project.

@_date: 2001-09-14 00:50:20
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Sick Wacko in the Whitehouse 
The evening news says Dubbya is asking Congress for 20 billion for his little war, and it sounds like the
moron is actually going to try to invade Afganistan. I
hope, in one respect, they actually do it. It will be
amusing to watch the body bags coming home as the Afgans
kick Yankee butt just like they did Ivan's.    How did you people ever allow this delusional sub-normal wacko
to become your leader? For those of us old enough to remember,
he sounds more and more like Adolf Hitler.
God help us all.

@_date: 2001-09-17 20:19:19
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: I hope this war puts an end to PC nonsense 
Frissy whined:
    Fuck that noise. If this is war it means I get to blow your stupid
ass away if you blow smoke in my direction. May belched:
   Fuck that shit too -- you really are showing your age, aren't you
old folks? You got a problem with archaic revival? As this little ditty
plays out, you will see (if you survive at all in your solitude, which
isn't too likely) that "society" will re-group into tribes (what you
call gangs, old man) and all that jive will be everywhere for tribal
identification, rank, or just plain beauty.    Where do you people get this weird crap from anyway?

@_date: 2001-09-23 20:08:15
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Rumsfelt vs. bin Laden 
Looking at the pictures of Rumdumb and Osama side by side on the CNN
page today, I was struck by the undeniable fact that Osama was a whole
lot more appealing. Likewise when I see him next to Dubbya. And I have
no interest in Islam or the radical Muslim cause.

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:28:21
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: RE: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking 
That's for sure. In fact, the FBI (and all other TLA's) are just as
much terrorists as the people who did up the WTC, and for all I know,
they *were* the ones who did up the WTC. At any rate, the USG is by
far the greatest threat to the peace and freedom of Americans in the
world today. Fuck them and all other LEO. If I saw a cop being kicked
to death by some dirt balls on the side of the road, I sure wouldn't
interfere or ever testify against them.    Get real Aimee -- death to all pigs, judges, prosecutors, and all
their ilk.

@_date: 2001-10-29 01:38:38
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Where The Torture Never Stops... 
Steve squeaks:
    Isn't it obvious by now that this is just some trolling
faggot LEO?    Just like the other one with the long drivel about how
jail was okay for the "suspects"? Sounded like Jeff Gorden after a few beers.

@_date: 2001-10-18 16:43:58
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Microsoft DRM - Technical description 
Microsoft's Digital Rights Management Scheme - Technical Details
This document describes version 2 of the Microsoft Digital Rights
Management (MS-DRM), as applied to audio (.wma files).  The sources
for this material are varied, and some of the information might be
slightly incomplete; however, the fundamental ideas are solid and
easily verified.  There is no attempt at describing the older version
1 of DRM.  While version 1 is widely used (probably more widely than
version 2!), and the scheme is somewhat simpler, the purpose of this
is to describe the latest technology and not necessarily allow all
existing systems to be broken.  The ideas described here are also
implemented in the software originally distributed with this document
(but as an independent piece, so the software may or may not be
available from where you have obtained this document), so a real
implementation can be examined.  Not all of the information here is
needed in order to write the software that removes the encryption, but
some of the more interesting points surrounding the MS-DRM scheme and
software are given even if not necessary.  Also note that no code is
included in this document, either real code or pseudo-code.  All
that's in this document is a straight mathematical discussion, which
should be fully protected under the 1st Amendment to the
U.S. Constitution.  I have no doubt that the corporate entities that
this document offends will attempt to suppress it, but I don't think
any argument they make could hold up to Constitutional scrutiny.
The basic components of MS-DRM involve use of elliptic curve
cryptography (ECC) for public key cryptography, DES for a block
cipher, RC4 for a stream cipher, and SHA-1 for a hash function.  There
is also a block cipher which I haven't seen before, used in the MS-DRM
system to build a MAC, or keyed hash function.  This cipher will be
explained completely below, and while the remaining algorithms are
well-known, more will be said about Microsoft's use of ECC below.
In the discussion and examples below, all numbers are expressed in
hexadecimal in the standard ordering (most-to-least significant)
unless otherwise stated.  The actual bytes comprising large numbers in
any code are stored little endian, so at times it is convenient to
look at data in that ordering, and this will be clearly marked when it
is done.
One confusing item is that binary data sent back and forth is encoded
using Base64, but not using the standard algorithm!  For some reason,
Microsoft has decided to use the non-alphanumeric character '*'
instead of '/', and '!' instead of '+' in some places, and in other
places they replace '/' with ' and '!' with '%'.  This means that
any software dealing with these strings cannot use a standard Base64
decoder, but must use a custom-build decoder.
FILES INVOLVED
Several key DLLs are kept in \windows\system that relate to the MS-DRM
 drmv2clt.dll:  Provides basic DRM version 2 functionality
 blackbox.dll:  Provides basic, machine-specific crypto for MS-DRM.
                Functionality replaced by IndivBox.key when the local
                system has been "individualized."
The other interesting place for files is in \windows\All Users\DRM
(this location is not necessarily fixed but comes from the registry
entry HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\DRM\DataPath).  Here's a
sampling of some of the files in this directory (these are hidden
system files, so be sure to turn on "view all files" in order to see
 IndivBox.key:  Despite the extension, this is really a DLL
                that is an "individualized" version of blackbox.dll
 drmv2.lic:  The file of licenses (a structured IStorage file)
 drmv2.sst:  "Secure state" for each of the licenses.  Also an IStorage
             file, but each stream is RC4 encrypted.
 v2ks.bla:  The version 2 "key store" - this is where all the public/private
            keys are kept (encrypted, of course!).
 v2ksndv.bla:  The individualized version 2 "key store."
A SIMPLE BLOCK CIPHER (MULTISWAP)
Microsoft is using a very simple block cipher to create a message
authentication code (MAC).  As this is not a standard algorithm, I
will describe it fully.  The main operations in this cipher are
32-bit multiplications and swaps of the two halves of 32-bit words, so
I have called this cipher the "MultiSwap" cipher.
The MultiSwap cipher works on 64-bit blocks, using a key that consists
of 12 32-bit words, and a current state (or initialization vector)
that is 64-bits long.  In the Microsoft implementation, the least
significant bits of all 12 words are set to 1, although once the
cipher is understood it is clear that really only 10 of the words
require this bit to be set.  The basic operation of the cipher is a
transformation that is done on the first 32-bit word of the plaintext
block using the first 6 key words, and then repeated for the other
plaintext word and remaining key words.
Let k[0], k[1], k[2], k[3], k[4], and k[5] denote the first 6 key
words, and let s[0] and s[1] denote the two words of the state.  To
transform a 32-bit input word x, first define the following function
  f(a)=swap(swap(swap(swap(swap(a*k[0])*k[1])*k[2])*k[3])*k[4]) + k[5]
where * is multiplication modulo 2^(32), and "swap" is an operation
which exchanges the two 16-bit halves of a 32-bit word.  The complete
transformation of a 32-bit word x then consists of s[1]=s[1]+f(x+s[0])
and s[0]=f(x+s[0]).  This is first done with the value x set to the
first 32 bits of the input, and then repeated with x set to the second
32 bits and the using keys k[6] through k[11].  The output of the
block cipher is the new state s[0] and s[1].
The reason this block cipher can be inverted is because all the key
words are odd, which means they have multiplicative inverses modulo
2^(32).  To invert f(), just do the operations in the reverse order:
first subtract off k[5], then do the multiply/swap operations with the
inverses of k[4] through k[0].  Notice that only the multiplicative
key words really need to be odd, so there is no reason for the least
significant bit of k[5] or k[11] to be set; however, Microsoft sets
these bits anyway.
This block cipher is never used for encryption, but is used to create
a message authentication code (MAC) in the standard way.  Assuming the
length of the message to be hashed is a multiple of 8 bytes (64 bits),
the cipher is initialized with a state of all zeros, and then used to
encrypt the entire data.  The output of the last block (the final
state) is the MAC for that message.  This is used in computing packet
keys to encrypt protected content by MS-DRM, as will be explained
ELLIPTIC CURVE CRYPTOGRAPHY
For ECC, Microsoft is using an elliptic curve over Zp, where p is a
160 bit prime number (given below).  The curve consists of the points
that lie on the curve y^2=x^3+ax+b, where the operations are done over
the field Zp and a and b are coefficients that are given below.
All values are represented as packed binary values: in other words, a
single value over Zp is encoded simply as 20 bytes, stored in little
endian order.  A point on the elliptic curve is therefore a 40 byte
block, which consists of two 20 byte little endian values (the x
coordinate followed by the y coordinate).  Here are the parameters for
the elliptic curve used in MS-DRM:
       p (modulus):  89abcdef012345672718281831415926141424f7
     coefficient a:  37a5abccd277bce87632ff3d4780c009ebe41497
     coefficient b:  0dd8dabf725e2f3228e85f1ad78fdedf9328239e
       generator x:  8723947fd6a3a1e53510c07dba38daf0109fa120
       generator y:  445744911075522d8c3c5856d4ed7acda379936f
    Order of curve:  89abcdef012345672716b26eec14904428c2a675
These constants are fixed, and used by all parties in the MS-DRM
system.  The "nerd appeal" of the modulus is high when you see this
number in hexadecimal: it includes counting in the hexadecimal, as
well as the digits of fundamental constants e, pi, and sqrt(2).
In order to use this public key system, any user must have a
private/public key pair.  Since the security of the system relies
pretty heavily on the private keys remaining secret (even from the
user of the system on which they reside), they are carefully hidden.
In fact, there are keys hidden in various files that are used,
including blackbox.dll, v2ks.bla, and IndivBox.key.  For example, once
the player has been individualized, IndivBox.key is created, and there
are at least two keys embedded into this file: a 64-bit key used for
RC4, and a 160-bit private key for use in ECC.  The ECC private key is
used as the basic client key (the corresponding public key is stored
unencrypted in the key store file, and used as the initial part of the
"client id" sent when requesting a license), and additional key pairs
are stored in part of the keystore file (v2ks.bla or v2ksndv.bla),
encrypted with the RC4 key.
These secret keys are stored in linked lists that contain 32 bits per
node (so the key as a whole is not in contiguous memory), interspersed
with the code in the library (IndivBox.key for example).  The idea is
that they can be read by that library, used internally by that
library, and never communicated outside the library.  Since the
IndivBox.key file is shuffled in a random way for each client, these
keys would be extremely difficult to extract from the file itself.
Fortunately, we don't have to: these keys are part of the object state
that is maintained by this library, and since the offset within this
object of these secret keys is known, we can let the library itself
extract the secret keys!  The code for this simply loads up the "black
box" library, has it initialize an instance of the object, and then
reads the keys right out of that object.  This is clearly a weakness
in the code which can be corrected by the DRM software fairly easily,
but for now it is the basis of our exploit.
GETTING A LICENSE
Each protected media file is encrypted with a "content key" that will
unlock the packets of the media stream.  We describe briefly how a
license (containing a content key) is obtained for information
purposes, but the license acquisition protocol is not really important
for unlocking that content.  Simply use the MS Media player, have it
request and decrypt the licenses, store them in drmv2.lic, and then we
can extract them directly from that file.
A protected media file is apparently recognized by the presence of a
DRMV2 object in the .wma file header.  This object has GUID
298ae614-2622-4c17-b935-dae07ee9289c, and contains an XML object 6
bytes into the data part of the object.  Among other things, this
header contains a "KID" element identifying the key used to unlock the
content.  The drmv2.lic file is then checked to see if a license with
this KID exists locally.  If the license doesn't exist, a license
request is formed, which sends an encrypted "client id" to the license
server.  This is sent as a "challenge," which consists of 168 bytes in
the MS-Base64 encoding.  The first 80 bytes are two ECC points, which
make up an ECC encrypted random session key, and the remaining 88
bytes are the "client id" encrypted using RC4 and the session key.
The ECC encryption is done using a public key that seems to be fixed
for all clients, so it is safe to assume that this corresponds to a
private key that is common to all license servers and built in to that
side of the system (without access to the server side code, it was
impossible to find the corresponding private key).
After some interaction, the license comes back as mime type
application/x-drm-v2, as an escaped XML-encoded license in the
following format
     ...base64 encoded license... where x.x.x.x is most likely "2.0.0.0".  To make things tricky for a
sniffer, the license is actually RC4 encrypted using the same session
key that was established by the client when sending the challenge.
The client then decrypts the license and stores it in the drmv2.lic
GETTING THE CONTENT KEY
Getting the content key from a license is pretty easy once the client
knows what its public/private key pairs are, and has a copy of the
license obtained from drmv2.lic.  The license entry is an XML object
with an element for "ENABLINGBITS", which has sub-elements ALGORITHM
(which should have type "MSDRM"), PUBKEY, VALUE, and SIGNATURE.  The
PUBKEY element should match one of the client's public keys, or else
there a problem!  The VALUE element is the ECC-encrypted content key,
which can be decrypted by the private key that corresponds to the
given PUBKEY.
The content key has a specific format: the y coordinate is ignored,
and when the x coordinate is written in storage order (little endian),
the first byte is the length of the content key (which may always be
7), which is followed by that many bytes of the content key.  While
the content key is tied to the encoded media file (which may be common
to many users), the enabling bits value will be different for each
user, and tied to that user's public/private keys.  Because of this,
licenses are not transferable from one user to another, even though
the media files themselves are (the new user must obtain his own
license from the license server).
We go through an example now of finding a content key.  In this
example, we have identified our public and private keys as the
following values:
    Public key x:  1957f96f3327a25bba52166ad7fcc74087b9734b
    Public key y:  8939e1b1ed988182d34d17ebbcb0e03a82d062e7
    Private key:   757ff01b853496452eea0b0646c3a357a6f33509
We're looking at a file RIAALuvsMe.wma, and find in the header the
following bit of XML:
The actual KID seems to be a Base64 encoding of a GUID, but it is
treated as a string (uninterpreted) by the software, so the origin
doesn't seem to make much difference.
The license is inside the drmv2.lic file, which is a structured "DOC
file", meaning it can be accessed through the IStorage and IStream
interfaces (and it can be browsed by the Microsoft Visual Studio "DOC
File Viewer" tool if you're curious).  The top level drmv2.lic file
has a lower-level IStorage object for each KID, which can contain a
set of licenses for each KID.  In order to guarantee valid IStorage
names, the KID is first processed to change all '/' characters to '
and all '!' to '%'.  The names of the IStream objects containing the
licenses again look like Base64 encoded GUIDs, which turn out to be
the LID (license ID?)  element stored in the license.  This can be
verified once the license is obtained, but we're not sure how to
generate LID's from the content header information, and so can't
directly open the appropriate LID stream.  Instead, we simply
enumerate through all available streams for this KID, testing each one
for a PUBKEY element (see below) that we know.  This is taken to be
the license for this content.  While this is really just a guess as to
the proper workings, it seems to work fine in all our tests.
Inside the license we find the following XML (this has been formatted
so that it's easier to look at - in the actual file this would all be
on one line).
       S3O5h0DH*NdqFlK6W6InM2*5VxnnYtCCOuCwvOsXTdOCgZjtseE5iQ==
       VEsbPedfwrybrpkg0fhoOfe5eB9ef0R7QTxgX7NbtMIFK!h*4Pk7ek
       PUqlDIRqYwQkgCGE0r0qtQdCUYszT!b7XedCIpsApQjstaFmafahM=
       KpxCm6lSXH8dTPI359jToftSEuLiP9v*zpHAy!kDEhlYkw6mkfQzlg==
The SIGNATURE element above is just random garbage.  We didn't make a
real signature for this example (among other things, we don't have a
certified public key, which would have to follow this in a real
license.  Requiring such a signature keeps people from creating their
own licenses, since only those that have been issued valid
certificates can do so).
First look at the PUBKEY part.  If this is run through a Base64
decoder (modified for the MS character set as described earlier) you
get the following binary values, shown below as a memory dump:
    0000: 4B 73 B9 87 40 C7 FC D7 6A 16 52 BA 5B A2 27 33     0010: 6F F9 57 19 E7 62 D0 82 3A E0 B0 BC EB 17 4D D3     0020: 82 81 98 ED B1 E1 39 89   Notice how this is exactly our public key from above, stored in little
endian order!  So this license is for our machine.
Next, take the VALUE element above, run it through a Base64 decoder,
and interpret the 80 byte result as 4 20-byte values stored in little
endian order.  These four numbers are as follows:
     Encrypted u.x: & 1f78b9f73968f8d12099ae9bbcc25fe73d1b4b54
               u.y: & 7a3bf9e07fe82b05c2b45bb35f603c417b447f5e
               v.x: & 18257450abd22b4d1802484230a646c850aad443
               v.y: & 136a9f66165acb8e500ab0292274deb56ffe34b3
To decrypt this value, first we multiply the point u by our private
key, resulting in the point
and then subtract this point from v to get
             x: c91590616b4b3707
Since x is so short, we have almost certainly gotten our content key.
Writing in storage order (little endian), x is
   0000: 07 37 4B 6B 61 90 15 C9
which means that the content key has length 7 (from the first byte),
and the actual key is the string of bytes 374B6B619015C9.
DECRYPTING THE CONTENT
The content encryption process is simpler to explain than decryption,
so we start with that.  The content key is not used directly, but is
processed for several different uses.  First, the content key is
hashed using the SHA-1 hashing algorithm, producing a 20-bit output.
The first 12 bytes of this output are used as an RC4 key, and a block
of 16 words (or 64 bytes) of zeros is encrypted.  The least
significant bits of the first 12 words of this output are all set, and
are used as the MultiSwap key.  The next 2 words are the encryption
in-whitening mask and the next 2 words are the encryption
out-whitening mask (this will be explained later).  The last 8 bytes
of the original SHA-1 hash output are used as a DES key.
To encrypt the content so that packets can be accessed randomly (for
seeks), the content cannot be encrypted as one single stream.
However, to strengthen the cipher we also don't want to re-use the
same key for every packet.  To satisfy both of these goals, MS-DRM
uses the following scheme to encrypt a packet: First, the packet (with
size rounded down to a multiple of 8 bytes) is run through
MultiSwapMAC to produce a 64-bit MAC.  For some reason, the 32-bit
halves of this MAC are swapped before further processing.  Next, the
entire packet is RC4 encrypted using the swapped MAC as an 8-byte RC4
key.  The 8-byte MAC (with swapped halves) is then run through a
"whitened DES" by first XORing with the in-whitening mask, then
running through DES (using the DES key from the last paragraph), and
then XORing the result with the out-whitening mask.  The resulting 8
bytes are then placed in the final encrypted packet, overwriting the
last full 8-byte block (not the last 8 bytes of the packet, but
blocking the packet from the beginning into 8 byte pieces, and
overwriting the last full piece).
To decrypt such a packet, first locate the last full 8-byte block, run
it through the whitened DES decryption, and the result is used as an
RC4 key to decrypt the packet.  This will produce the correct packet
except for 8 bytes: those in the position of the last full 8-byte
block are wrong, since they were overwritten in the last phase of the
encryption.  However, by swapping the halves of the RC4 key, we have
the MAC for the original packet up to and including the original bytes
in this position.  Since the MAC is actually created out of a block
cipher, we can recover the original 8 bytes as follows: run the entire
packet through MultiSwapMAC up to the block in question, but not
including it.  This output is the next-to-last state seen by
MultiSwapMAC in the encryption MAC computation, and we just recovered
the final output of the MAC, so we can put these two values into the
block cipher decryption to obtain the original data of this 8-byte
block.  The original 8-bytes are placed back into the packet, and now
the entire original contents are restored!
This is a pretty clever scheme: by using a MAC constructed from a
block cipher, individual packet keys can be computed and encoded into
the encrypted packet with absolutely no increase in space, and since
the size is maintained nothing in the structure of the content file
(describing packet sizes or other parameters) needs to be changed at
all.  The encrypted content can be completely transparent to
applications that deal with .wma files in a non-content-sensitive
We finish this section showing an example of content decryption, using
the content key from the previous paragraph.  We first process the
content key by running it through SHA-1 to obtain
    15 CB 92 F9 97 2E C8 75 29 4F 12 65    36 B6 C6 DB AC A2 40 35
The first 12 bytes are used as an RC4 key to encrypt a block of all
zeros, giving
    0000: 80 0A 2D 48 D1 FD 7E ED   83 69 4A 7D A5 D5 EE C4
    0010: 4E E1 64 52 D1 71 98 26   9A F3 14 E3 51 C8 B6 92
    0020: D4 93 E4 57 97 6D 63 EF   0E 06 07 54 F7 DD ED 38
    0030: E8 CA A0 D0 83 13 F1 DB   C1 70 AE 56 61 7D FB 94
The first 48 bytes are interpreted as 12 32-bit words, stored little
endian, and are saved as the MultiSwap key after setting all least
significant bits.  So the key values are k[0]=0x482D0A81,
k[1]=0xED7EFDD1, etc.  The last 16 bytes of the RC4-encrypted block
are the whitening masks for DES, and the key for DES is given as the
last 8 bytes of the SHA-1 hash value.
Assume we get a packet with size 1450 bytes, which is 181 8-byte
blocks followed by 2 additional bytes.  Numbering the byte positions
as 0 through 1449, we look at the bytes in positions 1440 through 1447
(the last full 8-byte block), and find that they are
XORing with the encryption out-whitening mask (the last 8 bytes from
the RC4-encrypted block above) we get
and decrypting with DES using key 36 B6 C6 DB AC A2 40 35 gives
and finally XORing with the encryption in-whitening mask (the
next-to-last 8-byte piece in the RC4-encrypted block above) gives
This is then used as an RC4 key to decrypt the packet.  To replace
bytes at positions 1440 through 1447 with the correct values, take
the RC4 value and swap the words around to get
This is the MultiSwapMAC of the input packet using bytes 0 through
1447.  We run bytes 0 through 1439 through MultiSwapMAC to get
and then use this as the state input, along with the original MAC
output as the data input to the MultiSwapDecode function to obtain
These 8 bytes are placed in positions 1440 through 1447, and then the
entire original packet is restored.
OTHER ISSUES
Communication between different DLL modules is encrypted and checked
at multiple points.  This works roughly as follows:  Objects are
initialized with communication parameters by sending certified public
keys to the object you want to communicate with.  The second object
verifies these certificates, generates a random session key (which it
uses to generate a MultiSwap key in addition to the use as a session
key), and sends the encrypted session key back to the calling object.
Future "sensitive communication" is RC4 encrypted with the session key,
and run through MultiSwapMAC to verify integrity (after padding with
zeros to make the data a multiple of 64 bits).  This is done for data
sent both to and from the object.
Presumably, this is done so that anyone monitoring parameters passed
between DLL modules wouldn't see any "sensitive data," although its
use for this purpose is pretty limited.  However, it does lead to some
interesting and strange situations: when blackbox is sent a packet to
decrypt, it decrypts it, and then immediately *re-encrypts* it using
the session key to send it back to the media player!  So in decrypting
a packet, the computer actually goes through a decrypt/encrypt/decrypt
sequence of operations!
One very important effect of this scheme is that Microsoft fully
controls who gets to write modules that interact with the basic
Microsoft media modules.  Without a certified public key (and the
corresponding private key) it is impossible to write a compatible DLL
that interfaces with their code.  Since Microsoft controls the issuing
of certified public keys, they also have complete control over who is
allowed to make compatible and competing products.  Microsoft's
reputation for being generous to competitors is well-known, so this
effectively gives Microsoft a technically guaranteed monopoly power.
Of course, these certificates and private keys must be distributed
with any "Microsoft blessed" software as well, and in fact exist in
the media player and blackbox DLLs.  They're not hard to extract, if
you know where to look, but I won't give them here.  They would be of
limited use anyway, since Microsoft also has a "revocation list"
mechanism built in to the Media player software, meaning that they can
revoke any of these certificates at their whim, remotely disabling any
software that depends on that certificate for communication.

@_date: 2001-10-10 01:57:40
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: There was a day when we would call it kidnapping, 
Now they'll be fortunate if all we do is kidnap & interrogate them.

@_date: 2001-10-02 14:15:50
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Brinworld: citizens with speed-radar 
And if that had been the response in my neighborhood, this busybody
would promptly start salting the roadway with vast numbers of 1" roofing nails. Nobody has to put up with that bullshit.

@_date: 2001-10-10 01:25:19
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Any Reason I Should NOT Killfile Choate? 
Incognitor inquired:
  Yeah, actually, despite all the pain in the ass stuff he posts, sometimes
he posts some good URLS. And I hope this doesn't encourage him, because half the
time he posts old shit. And half the time he posts totally worthtless shit. But
now and again he sends an URL that is pretty interesting, so, although his opinions
are mostly absurd, I've always stopped myself from killfiling him.
   And I've got a list of killfiled people who I can't even remember who or why.

@_date: 2001-10-12 04:39:48
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Osama is Jesus 
Aha, no wonder he reminds me so much of Hitler, who was also channeling the Masters.

@_date: 2001-10-18 16:28:06
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
Anonymous whined:
     And it's pretty fucking obvious that you have never been in any situation dealing with the police either, right, asshole?
Even before 9/11, it was not at all uncommon to be rousted by the
pigs, hauled off to jail, and refused the right to call a lawyer
or anyone else, simply for the crime of looking "not quite right"
or black, or radical, or what the fuck ever.    There have been numerous cases of people being arrested and held
for weeks, right here in the good old USA, with no charges, no
phone calls, no rights. Think you really have rights? Just get into any sort of confrontation with the pigs and try talking
about rights and see what happens. People get beat all the time.
   Fuck you, you stupid little piece of shit -- I'd like to give
you just a tenth of the beatings I've had from the pigs. wl p

@_date: 2001-10-30 02:36:58
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Singing The War Prayer 
This guy is just some faggot fed troll -- probably Jeff Gordon in drag.

@_date: 2001-12-04 08:22:18
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: More damage to liberty than I expected. 
There are persistent rumors that Havenco does not really host anything on the platform, all bits are on dry land with VPN pipes to the platform, so that it looks off-shore hosted.
In other words, the platform is a decoy, storage-wise.
What matters is where bits enter 'known' Internet. Until communication infrastructure becomes truly distributed (forward-routing for the masses) this will remain the bottleneck and choke point. Kudos to Havenco for figuring this out.
Is secret publishing contradiction in terms ?

@_date: 2001-12-16 04:17:43
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: RE: CNN.com on Remailers 
Great idea! Cypherpunks write code. Let us know when you have something we
can look at.

@_date: 2002-01-29 23:49:28
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: domterror: 'false alarms' in D.C. radiation sensors 
Patients trigger subway radiation detector Published 1/28/2002 5:49 PM
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UPI) -- Patients who receive routine medical procedures using radioisotopes could
trip a new detection system in the Washington subway system designed to catch radioactive material
entering the Capitol's public transportation network.
After a routine bone scan, Alexandria, Va. resident and United Press International editor Laura Chatfield
said she was confronted by Washington D.C. Metropolitan Area Transportation Authority police on her way
to work Jan. 23. Radiation detection equipment had picked up the low-level radioactive isotope medical
personnel had injected into her body earlier in the day. Implemented to prevent terrorists from releasing hazardous radioactive material into the subway system, the
detectors are catching cancer and other patients in their dragnet.
Mecca, Utah, or NYC: february will be fun

@_date: 2002-01-29 23:00:56
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: email and ransoms 
ISLAMIC militants holding an American journalist captive have
issued photographs of their manacled hostage with a gun to his
head along with a series of ransom demands in an e-mail
attachment. We have to seize your wife's crypto tools too, since you have
access to them: And on the lighter side: PrezBush's niece likes downers
US troops use babywipes:

@_date: 2002-01-27 15:53:53
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Breaking DES using AI 
For a rough translation of the original article see
q/depesche  02.1.27/1
Krypto: Attacke auf AES
Ein Mathematiker aus Luxemburg hat  den DES mit einer neuen Kombination aus AI und heuristischen Methoden offenbar so erfolgreich angegriffen, dass er sich nun mit bessserem Equipment an den neuen Standard AES [Rijndael] wagt.
Die Ergebnisse werden vollständig einer öffentlichen Stiftung zugeführt, schreibt Professor Zeihen, der in Folge eines Zeitungsartikels zu viele Anfragen von Beinahe-Crackern und Warez Kids kriegt.
-.-. --.-  -.-. --.-  -.-. --.-  -.-. --.-  -.-. --.-  -.-. --.-  compiled by Peter Kuhm
q/depsche subscriber might be interested in this:
On krypto a german mailing list dedicated to discussions regarding social consequences of cryptology, Thomas Roessler recently points toward this .lu - newspaper article in german language:
-> use this [URL at the bottom] for a very rough, babelfishy translation:
mathematics and computer science at the "Lycée | classique" in Diekirch, developed a new procedure for the decoding of data, | which could have extensive following within the areas of data security and | artificial intelligence krypto@ list maintainer Lutz Donnerhacke with a keen interest to learn more about Prof. Zeihen's claim contacted him by e-mail and here are some snippets of his first reply:
"The articles in the Luxembourgian newspapers are based on an internal document submitted to the CRP-GL, that describes my recent works in cryptology and my current research area.  As long as no official publication has been finished and approved by our Government, I cannot send you details about the algorithms."
"But I confirm that new methods based on Artificial Intelligence allow fast attacks on block-cipher algorithms."
"I tested the procedure with DES, and I hope to get the necessary computer equipment soon, in order to apply it to AES and to develop efficient protection software against the new attacks."
here is more recent "final" follow-up:
===SNIP=== Date: Fri, 25 Jan 2002 10:50:21 +0100 From: Lutz Donnerhacke  To: krypto Subject: Final Message to all people interested in DES
----- Forwarded message from Pascal ZEIHEN  ---

@_date: 2002-01-04 22:53:34
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: games in US, UK: compare, contrast; Steve Jackson games 
Two stories here.  First, a judge rules you can't ban 'violent'
videogames, and orders city to pay $$ to video arcades.  Second,
a Brit is charged for running a site offering training to members
of his religion.
We await the Al Qaeda Video Sim/Training Series...
Man Accused of Running     Terrorist-Training Internet Site Pleads Innocent
                       The Associated Press
                      Published: Jan 4, 2002
      LONDON (AP) - A man accused of offering terrorist training over the  Internet in the "Islamic art of war" pleaded innocent Friday to weapons charges.
 During a hearing at London's Bow Street Magistrates' Court, Sulayman Balal  Zainulabidin denied charges of inviting others to train in firearms or explosives and  of possessing a rifle without a certificate.
 Prosecutors said Zainulabidin, a 43-year-old kitchen worker from south London,  was the founder and chief instructor of a group offering young Muslims training in  martial arts, weapons and "the Islamic art of war."
Video game judgment to cost city
Indianapolis is ordered to pay $318,000 in legal fees industry spent fighting  local law on violent games.
By Maureen Groppe
January 04, 2002
                WASHINGTON -- Indianapolis' failed attempt to be the first U.S. city to
                keep minors from playing violent video games in public arcades is costing
                taxpayers more than anticipated.
                In a consent judgment approved this week by U.S. District Judge David F.
                Hamilton, Indianapolis has agreed to pay the video game industry $318,000
                for lawyers' fees and other costs.
                The heads of the industry groups that successfully challenged the law's
                constitutionality said they have been "totally vindicated" and hope the penalty
                will discourage other governments from trying to enact similar bans.
                "To recover more than $300,000 in legal fees from the city is the icing on the
                case, especially since the city threatened that we would not only lose, but also
                pay its legal fees," said Jack Kelleher, executive director of the Amusement
                and Music Operators Association.

@_date: 2002-01-04 03:29:49
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: What's in Agent F's pants? 
Not at all.  But depending on the State, County in which
you live in the USofA, CCW means you are an oligarch; in others
it means you have a constitution-respecting local law enforcement
I know SoCal Coasters who have bought property to the east so
that they can obtain a CCW.

@_date: 2002-01-04 05:17:49
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Lexipunks 
Closest in meaning in CP; abstracted from 4 a to mean a rebellious person (see punk rock), with connotations of serious enthusiasm (see fan; afficionado; proponent)
The CP etymology references an 80's cyberchick (J.M. IIRC)
(see cyberchick) who referred to a prominant CP by that label.
(see the archives)
-A Future Linguist

@_date: 2002-02-09 18:58:40
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Provision of Computer Training to Certain Alien Trainees 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
Provision of Computer Training to Certain Alien Trainees,
Additional Categories of Provisional Advance Consent
AGENCY: Department of Justice.
ACTION: Notice of advance consent for providing computer training to
certain alien trainees.

@_date: 2002-02-14 22:27:44
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: RFC for TBP 1.0 (teddy bear protocol) 
Now, imagine the following: terrorists become sensible and THREE of them engage in the shopping spree: One buys gas canisters, one buys pellets and one buys teddy bears. Yes, there is a conspiracy but how does the government protect us from it ?
Obviously, by matching the purchase records with personal contact/communication records.
So Ms. Farr will be glad to know, that in order to protect us, her government will consider you a potential terrorist if someone you exchanged (encrypted) mail with bought the pellets in the same week in which you bought teddy bears.
In order to prevent this, we need a website at which all pellet purchases will be announced, so that our friends and business partners avoid purchasing teddy bears at the same time.
Valentine's teddy bear bomb alert
Los Angeles: US law enforcement authorities today issued a warning of a
possible Valentine's Day teddy bear bomb threat after a man went on a
suspicious shopping spree that included buying nine cuddly toys.
The FBI said a man, "possibly of Arab descent", bought 14 gas canisters,
12 packages of lead gun pellets and nine white Valentine teddy bears at
Stevenson Ranch in California on January 15.
"We don't know why he bought this or what he was going to use it for,"
FBI spokesman Matt McLaughlin said.
"It's possible he had nine Valentines ... but we believe this could also
be used as an explosive device," he added.
FBI spokeswoman Laura Bosley said authorities had been alerted to the
purchases by an anonymous tip but added that the man -- who was between
22 and 35 years old -- was not a suspect.
"This man isn't a suspect but we want the public to be aware that this
might be considered suspicious activity so that they can be conscious if
they receive, for instance, an anonymous gift in the form of a teddy
Detectives want to interview the man who made the suspicious purchases
and have asked the public to come forward with any information about

@_date: 2002-03-21 20:18:43
@_author: An Metet 
@_subject: Re: SF BAY CPUNK call for volunteer lecturers 
Like I mentioned, I'll know more by the end of the week. Advertising will
be through the standard Berkeley activist channels :-))
Target audience is anyone responding to ads like:
"Free internet / e-mail security classes. Learn crypto in three easy steps."
Or something along those lines.
OK, I'll think of better way to communicate.
BTW, pgp-ed message that appeared on the same subject has absolutely nothing to do with me. This will be interesting experiment in it's own, how to anonymously organise meatspace event.

@_date: 2002-03-13 17:04:01
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: movie rating explosion as every cause-celebre gets its share 
Yeah, it's another Stan Glantz special - I really wish somebody would give
that guy a freakin' job. You can't read the SF Chronicle for 3 days without some piece of statistical flummery from that idiot making an appearance.
"Professor of Medicine" my auntie's fat ass. He's a mechanical engineer...
Dr. Strangelove
"What, me worry?" -- Alfred E. Neumann

@_date: 2002-03-19 05:22:57
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Anonymous Reformatter goes on hiatus 
The Anonymous Reformatter would like to thank everyone who took the time
to comment on his efforts.
The Anonymous Reformatter is going on hiatus. Any further [Reformatted]
postings are not the "Real Thing"(tm).

@_date: 2002-04-18 03:39:29
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Beware JobsOnloneine.com 
Maybe the subject line should actually be "Die, Spammer, Die". Don't go to JobsOnline.com -- it's a scam. They inundate you with
pop up ads while you're there, the kind that just don't quit, like
the porn sites, and once you've registered (which you have to do to
look at their job ads), you start getting tons of spam from their
affiliates.    Demanding to have them cease and desist does no good, the spam
keeps coming. If you get nasty, they threaten to get your ISP account
closed.   The CEO of this scumbag operation is Dave Needham I think this would be a great target for a concerted DOS attack.

@_date: 2002-04-18 04:41:05
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Die, moron, die (was: Beware JobsOnloneine.com) 
You have two problems stemming from your own stupidity. Too bad for the gene pool that popups don't kill:
1. Disable corporate agents on your machine - javascript, java, activex. Or use lynx, works fine for me.
2. Use throwaway account for registering.
3. If you really think that online service will land you a job these days have your head examined
OK, three problems.

@_date: 2002-04-23 04:34:48
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: P2P gets noticed ... 
... and morpheus gets cached
(from isp-wireless )
When you setup some of these peer-to-peer sharing clients (like Morpheus)
you can limit what IP's can share with you.  I've set one up and excluded
everyone except our class C.  In theroy, that should let my local users
download from the server but not let anyone else on the Internet share.  I
like this idea, as it should help prevent 100 users from downloading the
same MP3 a 100 times over our T1.
However, how do our users know how to find our morpheus server?  I don't see
a way to broadcast the server to our users or a way for our Morpheus users
to set their morpheus clients to know about our server.  It doesnt seem like
our server has any more importance to them than any of the other 1000's of
morpheus clients out there.

@_date: 2002-07-09 15:52:18
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen. 
What are the tax implications of a US resident green card holder, with substantial assets both in his original nation and in the US, of becoming a US citizen?

@_date: 2003-08-22 15:34:31
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Is it time to kill the JAP backdoor cretins and their 
Maybe this is the place to post their names, for posterity.

@_date: 2003-08-22 15:34:31
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Is it time to kill the JAP backdoor cretins and their 
Maybe this is the place to post their names, for posterity.

@_date: 2003-08-22 15:34:31
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Is it time to kill the JAP backdoor cretins and their 
Maybe this is the place to post their names, for posterity.

@_date: 2003-08-22 15:34:31
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Is it time to kill the JAP backdoor cretins and their 
Maybe this is the place to post their names, for posterity.

@_date: 2003-09-01 05:54:59
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Responding to orders which include a secrecy requirement 
Tim May:
Unbelievable.  The man who invented Blacknet, who has called for and
supported the idea of offshore data havens, now tries to control the flow
of information!  What the hell do you call people who rat you out about
your bad debts, if not informants?  The whole point of the cypherpunk
movement is to make it easier and less risky to spread information even
when there are those who want to suppress it.
This is just another example of May's hypocrisy and lack of critical
thinking abilities.  He's all for crypto anarchy until he realizes his
own ass is vulnerable.  Then he starts trying to think of ways to keep
people from exchanging information he doesn't like.
Here's a clue.  If and when crypto anarchy ever becomes a reality,
Tim May is going to be one of the first ones killed.  He's pissed off
too many people.  Once they can get retribution anonymously, his days
are numbered.

@_date: 2003-12-12 00:36:48
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: interesting pattern 
I have noticed this lately:
When someone sends mail to user , shortly thereafter a query comes from the ISP that runs the outgoing SMTP and loads The query does not load any images, just the base html page. It comes from IP usually in the same cloud as outgoing SMTP.
Sometimes this happens only after the first mail from that ISP to thisdomain.com, sometimes every time.
Is this anti-spam (why querying the recipient?), or some data harvesting and connecting the dots?

@_date: 2003-12-12 00:36:48
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: interesting pattern 
I have noticed this lately:
When someone sends mail to user , shortly thereafter a query comes from the ISP that runs the outgoing SMTP and loads The query does not load any images, just the base html page. It comes from IP usually in the same cloud as outgoing SMTP.
Sometimes this happens only after the first mail from that ISP to thisdomain.com, sometimes every time.
Is this anti-spam (why querying the recipient?), or some data harvesting and connecting the dots?

@_date: 2003-12-12 03:12:19
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
The devil is in details.
Given small numbers and absence of any other grouping factor there needs to be an "obvious" place for ZPs to refer to. Any obvious place that becomes even remotely attractive to ZPs will be immediately raided. Because ZPs have potential to be actually dangerous to the gang in power, as opposed to everything else I've seen so far.
So we're back to square one - effective anonymous publishing is prerequisite for the regime change and executing post-natal abortions. And it has been for centuries.
When I say "effective" I don't mean posting a message to Usenet via WiFI-ing into some sucker's open AP. No one gives a fuck for Usenet postings, blacknet etc. - and ZPs are unlikely to educate themselves and search for them. Effective means untouchable web site with untouchable DNS entry. Effective means something doable by average determined person. Like tuning to Radio London from occupied Europe in WW2.
Like I said, we're back to square one - all effective means are firmly shut down. Most cpunk talk about secret/stego messaging is mental masturbation that does not relate to the real thing.
We want sex.

@_date: 2003-12-12 02:38:46
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
The devil is in details.
Given small numbers and absence of any other grouping factor there needs to be an "obvious" place for ZPs to refer to. Any obvious place that becomes even remotely attractive to ZPs will be immediately raided. Because ZPs have potential to be actually dangerous to the gang in power, as opposed to everything else I've seen so far.
So we're back to square one - effective anonymous publishing is prerequisite for the regime change and executing post-natal abortions. And it has been for centuries.
When I say "effective" I don't mean posting a message to Usenet via WiFI-ing into some sucker's open AP. No one gives a fuck for Usenet postings, blacknet etc. - and ZPs are unlikely to educate themselves and search for them. Effective means untouchable web site with untouchable DNS entry. Effective means something doable by average determined person. Like tuning to Radio London from occupied Europe in WW2.
Like I said, we're back to square one - all effective means are firmly shut down. Most cpunk talk about secret/stego messaging is mental masturbation that does not relate to the real thing.
We want sex.

@_date: 2004-02-26 06:00:28
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: The EFF Offers a Better Way Forward on File Sharing 
Invisiblog is a service which uses anonymous remailers and gpg-signed
messages to allow bloggers to make their contributions anonymously.
The following essay is taken from the Unlimited Freedom blog:
 .
It discusses the EFF white paper on file sharing at:
 .
Thanks to Derek Slater for his pointer to an interesting new proposal
for handling music file sharing.
I've criticized the EFF in the past, but their new white paper is
definitely worth a read. "A Better Way Forward: Voluntary Collective
Licensing of Music File Sharing" has some great ideas and would be a
terrific solution to the file sharing problem if it could be made to
work. I do see some problems, but perhaps they can be solved, and in
any case the concept looks highly promising.
Voluntary Collective Licensing (VCL), as the EFF explains, is the system
used by radio broadcasters and other public performers to compensate
the music copyright owners. The broadcasters pay a fee to ASCAP and
other collection societies to gain the rights to play the music;
ASCAP then divides it up and pays it out to the artists. Having just
a few collective organizations like ASCAP makes it easy for the radio
broadcasters to license all the music they play.
The same idea in the P2P world would mean that users would pay a fixed
fee to the VCL agency, which the EFF suggests might be a modest five
dollars a month. This would then give them the rights to freely download
and share all the songs belonging to the artists (or record companies)
which had joined the VCL collective. The fees would be divided among
the artists using a combination of something like Nielsen ratings
plus monitoring public file sharing activity. Users would be free of
the threat of lawsuits or of the record companies using the various
technical countermeasures which are continually being developed and
deployed. And the record companies would be making money from the P2P
filesharing phenomenon which shows no sign of stopping.
My initial reaction to this proposal doesn't even need to get past the
first word. It's voluntary? I'm for it.
Look up at the top of this blog and you see what I'm about. Voluntary
arrangements are the essence of freedom as I see it. This is why I support
trusted computing and DRM, as well as encryption and anonymity. All of
these are technologies which people can use voluntarily to interact with
each other in new and powerful ways. Giving people access to the maximal
set of options in their lives is part of what I call Unlimited Freedom.
And the EFF proposal truly is voluntary. Artists would only join the
collective if they chose to do so; but staying outside would force the
artists to pursue expensive legal and technical warfare against file
sharers. Users would only sign up and pay the fees if they wanted to; but
refusing to pay would expose them to the hassles and hardship of illegal
downloading (not to mention the ethical conflicts). The EFF points out
that current anti-trust laws might interfere with the formation of a VCL
agency, but from the libertarian perspective I am of course entirely in
favor of weakening antitrust.
So before going on to criticize the proposal, I want to emphasize again
how pleased I am that the EFF has come up with an idea which respects
principles of freedom and choice for all parties. It makes me proud that
I have joined EFF and have supported it with contributions over the years.
However, while the goals of the VCL are laudable and the methods are
highly ethical, I do see practical difficulties which the EFF seems
overly optimistic about. These are fundamentally due to the loss of
price information which is such a crucial part of a normal market
structure. With music downloads disconnected from costs, signals are
no longer automatically provided to the producers to show how consumer
demand is being distributed. While the plan tries to provide proxies
and other mechanisms to provide this information, it is extremely hard
to do so reliably.
More concretely, there are three obvious problems with the idea. First,
people are still going to freeload, and it's possible that the greater
availability of legal P2P filesharing will be exploitable by illegal file
traders to make their jobs that much easier. Second, setting the size
of the per-month fees is going to be a difficult and risky calculation,
and it's all too likely that the artists will initially err on the side
of caution, setting them too high for the plan to succeed. And third,
finding a reliable way to divide up the proceeds which accurately reflects
listener preferences will be difficult, since cheaters will have financial
motivation to distort the results.
As far as illegal file sharing, the EFF very optimistically and
idealistically predicts that if the license fee is in the modest range
they suggest, $5/month, users will want to be honest and enjoy the ethical
and practical gains from getting their music legally and honorably. I
have real admiration for the EFF's high opinion of the file sharing
community. The EFF has worked with members of this group for years,
and they should have a good sense of how file traders feel.
But I'm sure that even the EFF would admit that there might well be a
significant percentage of people who will refuse to pay any amount for
the privilege of downloading music. I have certainly seen such sentiments
expressed in various online forums. Many people have come of age with
the expectation that music ought to be free, because that is all they
have known. They see the creation of music as an inexhaustable fountain
from which they can drink as often and as long as they wish. Now that
they have gotten used to having their music for free, they won't want
to go back to paying for it.
The existence of such people is going to make the whole plan more
expensive and difficult, in several ways. For one thing, the only thing
that will motivate people to stay with the program and not freeload
will be some kind of negative consequence if they leave. So the record
companies may have to continue their program of lawsuits and technical
countermeasures, even once the VCL plan is in place. A major potential
cost savings thus does not materialize. And even if the percentage of
freeloaders is small, the expense of the lawsuits may have to continue
to be large, in part because locating such people may be more difficult
now that they can hide among a much larger number of legal file sharers.
If the freeloaders can't be effectively deterred, then their existence
will serve as a constant temptation for legal members to quit the
program. We have all seen situations where a law which is ignored with
impunity by a minority eventually becomes less respected by everyone. The
same kind of gradual breakdown would be a constant threat to a VCL
program. It's not like radio, where there are only a few hundred or
thousand broadcasters. We're talking millions or potentially billions
of people now, and the enforcement lessons from radio are not applicable.
Another problem with the EFF plan is setting the size of the VCL fees. I
give the EFF enormous credit for resisting the temptation to put the
government in control of this aspect of the program. Politicizing this
issue would be disastrous. Letting the creators of the music (or their
agents) decide how much they are willing to let it go for is the only
free, fair and economically sound possibility.
Nevertheless, there are going to be significant practical difficulties
in getting a reasonable licensing fee. First, from the theoretical side,
it's not even clear what kind of fee we would see, if the VCL agency had
perfect knowledge. What would maximize their profits? As they increase
their fees, revenue per subscriber goes up, but they lose subscribers,
and face the costs described above to try to coax people back into the
program. But as further argued above, those enforcement costs may not
be able to be reduced below a threshold value, since people can always
leave the program and potentially still get access to music. It's a
complicated tradeoff.
It's often the practice, with new business models, to set initial fees
on the high side in order to reduce risk. Then the fees can be gradually
lowered as market demand increases. This provides for a gradual and
manageable growth rate. The VCL agency probably can't realistically sign
up and manage 100 million subscribers the first year. They might prefer
to set the fees high enough so that they have only a million subscribers
that first year, and then bring them down gradually. This will also give
them a sense of the shape of the demand curve, how many more subscribers
they get for a particular decrease in licensing fees.
For these reasons, I'd expect the fees to be quite a bit higher than the
EFF estimate of five dollars a month, especially at first. Hopefully they
would come down within a few years, and maybe the EFF goal would not be
too far off, eventually. But initially the plan will face criticism and
disillusionment if the fees are considerably higher than were initially
promised. As far as likely long-term licensing rates, I'd like to see
some analysis and modeling of this tradeoff which could shed more light
on where a good price point is likely to be found.
The third problem I listed is the difficulty of accurately figuring
out how the proceeds should be distributed to the artists. The EFF
report suggests copying the Nielsen ratings and having randomly selected
families allow their downloads to be monitored. This isn't a bad idea,
but the problem is that there are far more songs in common use than
TV shows. At any given time there are probably no more than 200 shows
tracked by the Nielsen ratings. But there must be tens or even hundreds
of thousands of different songs being downloaded in a typical day. That
means that the statistical precision necessary to fairly divide up the
revenues is going to be far more difficult to meet than for TV shows. The
truth is that Nielsen ratings have larger error bars than many people
realize, and once you divide the measurements a hundredfold or worse,
the statistical errors are likely to swamp the measured results. The
noise will overwhelm the signal.
The other idea the EFF suggests is to monitor file sharing activity,
as is done already by companies like Big Champagne. The problem with
this is that at present, no one has much incentive to try to manipulate
this data. But in a VCL system, these measurements will determine the
financial success or failure of artists and record companies. If the
system can be gamed, it will be. So far I haven't seen a proposal that
would both respect user privacy and simultaneously prevent people from
creating bogus download requests or using other tricks to inflate the
numbers for a desired artist or company. The EFF's confidence that these
two methods will work is not well justified at present.
In summary, the EFF's Voluntary Collective License proposal is innovative,
ethical, and idealistic. It respects the freedom of all parties involved
and tries to offer a path which everyone can walk to their mutual
benefit. There are still significant practical problems to be overcome,
but the goal is important and desirable enough that it is worthwhile
putting in effort to see if this system can succeed. Even if it ultimately
fails, VCL should be encouraged as a new, voluntary and creative option
for people to approach the difficult issues of file sharing today.

@_date: 2004-03-09 05:01:54
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Earthlink to Test Caller ID for E-Mail 
Well, you're preaching to the choir now, son.  Of course, it's a choir
of one, but c'est la vie.  The idea of finding good uses for Trusted
Computing has not exactly been gushingly popular around here.  In fact,
you yourself have been one of the harshest critics of its pseudonymous
proponent ("intelligent idiot" sound familiar?).
The problem with Palladium as a solution to spam is first, that it is
many years away, being part of the Longhorn OS release.  The latest
official estimates are 2006, rumors are that 2007 is the internal date,
and whispers of 2008 exist.  Then, it will take years before such systems
become widely enough used that spammers can no longer find pre-Palladium
systems to serve as a basis for attacks.  We're probably talking 2011
at the earliest.  We'll need adequate solutions to spam long before then.
Secondly, you could use Palladium to arrange that it was impossible
to send mail from your computer except via human interaction with your
authorized email program.  You'd have to set your outgoing mail server
to require a password (such auth systems are already in widespread use)
and you'd use Pd to lock up the password so that only the mail client
could get at it (using the application-specific sealed storage feature).
The user wouldn't have to type the password, in fact he wouldn't even
have to know there was a password, but he'd have to click the send
button himself.  (Secure user I/O paths are a Palladium feature.)
However, in doing this you give up the ability for ANY other program to
send email, at least without the user jumping through a lot of hoops
to authorize it.  Maybe that's an inherently necessary feature, but
there are arguably some "good" programs which can usefully send email,
and you'll be tossing out those babies with the spam bathwater.  Bye
bye MAPI.
Further, there's always the risk that the email program itself will be
buggy and be able to be tricked into sending something without user
authorization.  Fortunately, the number of such bugs is likely to be
few and confined to just one program, so those can probably be fixed
relatively quickly.
In short, Trusted Computing could in theory make a computer much more
resistant to being used to send spam.  It could still be taken over,
but the malware wouldn't be able to get to the password necessary for
sending mail.  You'd need some help from the ISP to require the password
and possibly block attempts to use remote mail servers.  Of course,
if the ISP is this clueful and cooperative, you'd think maybe it could
stop you from sending a zillion messages per hour in the first place.
The big problem is that TC is many years away.  But now that you know how
good it will be, I hope you will join me in my never ending battle to
bring some perspective to the one-sided "debate" over this technology.
There are good uses of TC, and maybe if people weren't so determined to
oppose it with their last breath, we might see the technology becoming
available a little sooner.

@_date: 2004-03-23 02:12:34
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: MannWorld vs. BrinWorld 
Robert Hettinga forwards:
What the hell does this have to do with cypherpunks?

@_date: 2004-04-30 19:32:03
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: no anon conversations? 
A simple option is to use a free webmail account and access it via an
anonymizing proxy.  You can send mail that way too.  The great advantage
of this is that it does not brand you as an "anonymous mail user" and
thereby call attention to your activities.  You look like just another
of the millions of people who use such services.
For anonymizing proxies, do a google search on anonymous web surfing.
There are many more companies than anonymizer.com, although it is the
oldest and probably the best.  You can also begin experimenting with the
onion routing network at   This is like a
free version of the old ZKS Freedom network where you construct a path
through a number of forwarding nodes.  You could also combine these and
use TOR to access anonymizer.com and go from there to hotmail.com, etc.
There's a new proposal out called the Pynchon Gate from Len Sassaman and
Bram Cohen,   Sassaman is
one of the main Mixmaster/Mixminion developers, and Cohen of course
has revolutionized the P2P file sharing scene this past year with his
BitTorrent.  These guys have a pretty good pedigree for getting stuff
done, and they claim to be in the process of implementing this new system.
The Pynchon Gate will use a crypto protocol called Private Information
Retrieval to let people receive messages anonymously.  The way PIR works,
all the incoming messages for all users are stored in a big database
which is replicated at several servers.  Recipients connect to each
server and download a packet of data, which is combined at the local
machine to reconstruct one incoming message.  However the algorithm is
such that each individual server learns nothing about which message is
being fetched, protecting the receiver's anonymity.
Here's a simple example of how it would work.  The method relies on
two properties of XOR:  XORing a value with itself yields zero; and the
result of XORing a random value with a predetermined pattern is still
a random value.
Suppose there are only two database servers, each holding 8 messages,
where the messages are all split or padded to be a standard size:
    M1 M2 M3 M4 M5 M6 M7 M8
Suppose you want to fetch M4.  Now you create a random 8-bit binary
    1  0  1  0  0  0  0  1
Make a copy of that string and XOR in the bit position of the message
we want, in this the 4th bit:
    1  0  1  1  0  0  0  1
Note that because of the 2nd property of XOR listed above, both bit
strings are individually indistinguishable from random and neither by
itself gives any information about which bit was XOR'd.
Send the first bit string to the first server and the 2nd bit string to
the 2nd server.  Each server XOR's the messages corresponding to the 1
bits and returns the results, which will be the size of single standard
    Server 1:  M1 xor M3 xor M8
    Server 2:  M1 xor M3 xor M4 xor M8
The recipient xors these two messages together:
    (M1 xor M3 xor M8) xor (M1 xor M3 xor M4 xor M8)
=   (M1 xor M1) xor (M3 xor M3) xor (M8 xor M8) xor M4
=   M4
The result is the required message.  Individually, each server saw a
random bit string and neither one by itself had any indication about which
message was being fetched, hence the recipient's anonymity was protected.
The same method can be generalized to larger numbers of servers, and
that is the intention with the Pynchon Gate system.
The privacy threat with this approach is that if the servers combine
their information, they can deduce which message the recipient was
fetching, by XORing all their bit strings together.  However, as long
as even one server is honest and refuses to go along with this, the
other servers can learn nothing about which message was being fetched.
This security guarantee is similar to that of a remailer chain, where
if they all colluded they could track user messages, but if at least
one is honest then privacy is protected.  Hence it is a good match for
users who rely on remailers.
It's not yet clear that this method can be really practical, can scale
to a reasonable number of users, resist flooding, and avoid leaking
information in terms of how many requests a given user makes in a
given period of time.  These are serious practical issues that need to
be solved.
But they do have one really good idea, which is that the user-end software
will be an agent that executes this protocol on a regular basis to
fetch messages, then makes them available to the mail client by acting
as a local POP server.  All modern mail clients let you set multiple
POP servers to be queried, so this should produce nearly transparent
integration to existing mail clients.  This concept might be copied for
other mail receiving methods in the future.

@_date: 2004-04-30 01:03:17
@_author: An Metet 
@_subject: Re: message, but also test 
I don't have any actual measurements, but as far as I can remember it
worked pretty well, i.e., slower than usual but still pages would load
within a few seconds.
Recently I've experimented with the onion routing system at
 and the main problem there is slow startup times
setting up the first path.  Seems to take a couple of minutes sometimes
for the first web page to download.  I think it's struggling to find a
working path, or something.  But then after that the performance seems
comparable to Freedom.
I'm a big user of anonymity systems, and the worst problem I've had with
proxies is remembering who I am supposed to be at the time.  Several times
with Freedom and more recently with other proxies, I have done stuff
using my real name when I was in the mode where my nym was being used,
and vice versa.  Oops.  That's a pretty big mistake to make and can
totally destroy your pseudonymity, both at the time and throughout the
past lifetime of the nym.
What I'd like would be some kind of big, glaring indication that I am
in "anonymous" mode, like overlaying some kind of color display on the
screen, or maybe a crawling animation around the edges, or something.
I realize that this is out of scope for most efforts of this type, but
from my experience it's a big problem.
Making your deep archive available in search-indexed form would be a
great service, as would spam-cleaning your current one.  May you grow
bored soon.
BTW, how big is the entire CP archive when compressed?  Would it fit into
a gmail account that someone could set up and share the passphrase to?
I'd pay quite a few bucks to have a copy of that on my disk.
cypherpunks mailing list

@_date: 2004-04-26 09:47:05
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Is there a Brands certificate reference implementation? 
I will give you some pointers, but in exchange, Steve Furlong, you are
commanded to fix your cypherpunks archive at
  Despite your comments
on the web page as of February 13, none of the year 2004 links work.
You were already pointed to  but it's not a very
informative page, is it?  Just a logo and a mailto.  Well, there is at
least some "hidden" content, at
  This has a paper
on Brands' technology and some information on his book.
In late 2002 I saw email from Brands with two return addresses,
brands and sbrands
As for implementations, there was library called NCash created by Swedish
student Niels MÃ¶ller, described briefly at
 "For my master of science
thesis, I implemented an offline digital cash system invented by Stefan
Brands. I haven't done anything about it since I got my MSc degree,
but the information about it is still available."
Well, the information isn't available, not there, anyway.  But if you
hunt around, you can find an announcement about NCash at
and the source code plus a technical paper are at
The good news is that the source code is available; the bad news is that
it is written in Pike.  No, I'd never heard of it, either.  Apparently it
is some Swedish language that was all the rage back in 1997.  However it
seems to be a pretty straightforward language, kind of Pythonish with a C
like syntax, so it might be feasible to port it to something more modern,
probably Python.  Or you could get the latest Pike interpreter and see
how well they've maintained backwards compatibility all these years.
According to the announcement, you'll also need the Pike crypto library,
but my guess is that it's been incorporated into the Pike package by
this time.
I'm sure you're aware that Brands credentials are patented up the wazoo.
Like Chaum, Brands prefers to publish his work in the pages of the
U.S. Patent Office.  That's why they're both so rich.

@_date: 2004-04-24 21:08:57
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Blind signatures with DSA/ECDSA? 
Hash: SHA1
Here is the blind DSA signature based on MacKenzie and Reiter,
 in graphical form.
Recall that a DSA public key is p, q, g, y; private key x; signature on
hash h is:
Choose k < q
r = g^k mod p mod q
s = rx/k + h/k mod q
Output (r,s)
Here is the blind signature protocol, with Alice, the recipient, on
the left and Bob, the signer, on the right:
Alice (recipient)                   Bob (signer)

@_date: 2004-04-24 21:08:57
@_author: An Metet 
@_subject: Blind signatures with DSA/ECDSA? 
Here is the blind DSA signature based on MacKenzie and Reiter,
 in graphical form.
Recall that a DSA public key is p, q, g, y; private key x; signature on
hash h is:
Choose k < q
r = g^k mod p mod q
s = rx/k + h/k mod q
Output (r,s)
Here is the blind signature protocol, with Alice, the recipient, on
the left and Bob, the signer, on the right:
Alice (recipient)                   Bob (signer)
                                    Choose k2 < q
                                    z2 = 1/k2 mod q
            Send r2 = g^k2 mod p
        <---------------------------
Choose k1 < q
r = r2^k1 mod p mod q
           Send a=E(r/k1 mod q) and
            b = E(h/k1 mod q) and
            ZKP
        -------------------------->
                                    Check ZKP
                                    Choose d < q^5
            Send c = a '*' x*z2  '+'  b '*' z2  '+' E(d*q)
        <---------------------------
s = D(c) mod q
Output (r,s)
Here, E() and D() represent encryption and decryption in a homomorphic
encryption system like the Paillier encryption.  Only Alice knows the
private key, but Bob is able to multiply encrypted values by scalars
(indicated by '*' above) and to add encrypted values (indicated by
'+' above).
ZKP sent by Alice in the 2nd step is a zero knowledge proof that the
two encrypted values are known and are < q^3.  (Actually the values are
less than q but the standard ZKP for this has some slop in it, which is
OK for this purpose.)
Bob operates on the two homomorphic encryptions of r/k1 and h/k1.
He multiplies the first by x/k2 and the second by 1/k2 and adds them
to get rx/k + h/k mod q (where k = k1*k2), exactly as required for
the signature.  Then he adds the large multiple of q to fully hide his
secret x value.
One interesting thing about this protocol is that it may escape the Chaum
blind signature patent, US 4759063, for two reasons.  First, the Chaum
patent covers three step blinding, while this is a four step process.
In the regular Chaum blind signature there is no need for the initial
step where the signer sends an initial r2 value.  That step is crucial
here; k2 must be fresh for every signature or the signer's key is leaked.
Second, the Chaum patent describes the signer's operation as performing
a public key digital signature operation.  This is in fact how the Chaum
blind signature works; the signer does do an ordinary RSA signature
operation.  But in this case, the signer performs a completely different
transformation, working with two homomorphically encrypted values in an
unusual way.  This is not a conventional digital signature operation.
Therefore this type of blind signature should escape the patent.
Of course the patent expires in a little over a year so it is largely
moot now anyway.

@_date: 2004-04-09 06:08:39
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: RE: Gmail as Blacknet 
You have missed the point of the analogy entirely.  BlackNet makes
information available even when the subjects of the information (or
any other parties) want it suppressed.  It is a censorship-proof store
of data.  If information about you is stored in BlackNet, anyone can get
access to it (for a price, perhaps), and you can't do anything about it.
To make Gmail more like BlackNet, you should first do as others have
suggested and access it via cryptographic anonymity techniques (see the
recent announcements for the onion routing network now being developed,
  Now you can use it as a store of data
for your pseudonym without linking to your true identity.
A second step is to then PGP-encrypt all email going to your Gmail
address.  This could be done easily by someone writing a mail forwarder
which accepted email for any username, looked up a PGP key for that name
and encrypted the email, then forwarded it along to the corresponding
username at Gmail.  This would be less than one page of Perl.  You would
give out the name of a system running such a script as your email address,
but your encrypted mail would then be stored and accessed at Gmail.
You'd gain the advantage of their multi gigabyte storage facility while
protecting the privacy of your own email.  And I'd like to see their
adwords facility struggling to come up with something appropriate when
the only legible text is "BEGIN PGP ENCRYPTED MESSAGE".
A third step is to get a browser plugin which would transparently
decrypt PGP encrypted email stored at web mail services like Gmail,
Yahoo mail, etc.  At one time this would have been an overwhelmingly
difficult task due to the multiplicity of browsers; at a later time,
it would have been impractical due to the dominance of IE; but today,
with Mozilla becoming a widely used, standardized, open source alternative
to IE, it is finally possible for such browser customizations to become
generally available and useful.
So there you have it, a simple three step program to turn your Gmail
account into a privacy-protected, virtually unlimited-size data store.

@_date: 2004-04-08 09:26:00
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Gmail as Blacknet 
The privacy news has been full of fuss and bluster lately about
Google's proposed Gmail service.  The latest complaint comes at
 with an open letter from
dozens of privacy groups to the Google founders asking them to revamp
the service.
Cypherpunks have two somewhat contradictory positions on the issue.
First, as lovers of privacy, they will share the concerns in the letter
and they would be reluctant to use Gmail as configured, at least with
any pseudonym which hoped to retain privacy.  But second, as lovers of
freedom, they would encourage Google and every other company to experiment
with new services and new technologies, allowing individuals to freely
decide whether to use them or not.
One of the oldest Cypherpunk philosophical thought experiments
was BlackNet, a hypothetical offshore data haven whose main job,
paradoxically, was to defeat privacy.  BlackNet would serve as a market
and a storage facility for information that might be of value, one example
being credit rating information.  BlackNet demonstrated that even when
third parties sought to prevent the flow of information, for example
by mandating that credit report data be deleted after so many years,
Cypherpunk technologies could keep the information available and alive.
Oddly, few Cypherpunks appeared to notice the inconsistency with a
supposedly privacy-oriented group promoting a technology which would
harm privacy.  The actual resolution is that Cypherpunks see privacy as
a means to an end.  That end is freedom.  Privacy will lead to freedom
by allowing people to communicate and contract without interference and
meddling by interlopers.  BlackNet is an example of the kind of system
which would appear if people were truly free.  That it harms privacy is
merely an incidental side effect.
The lesson is that Cypherpunks value freedom over privacy.  They will
therefore welcome Gmail as an institutional experiment that demonstrates
the value of freedom, even if they personally would rather not partake
of its services.
Ironically, some of the features of Gmail bear resemblance to BlackNet.
In particular, its claimed policy of retaining email indefinitely,
even after the recipient has stopped using the account, is reminiscent
of BlackNet's function as a data haven, as well as other Cypherpunk
projects like the Eternity Network.  This retention is objectionable to
conventional privacy groups, but Cypherpunks will recognize it as being
deeply in accord with their values.
And of course the real lesson of Gmail is that we have no way of
knowing whether Hotmail and other web based email providers are doing
the same thing, but more quietly.  These companies may be retaining
and archiving email to a far greater degree than most people imagine.
Cypherpunks know that trusting third parties to protect their information
is the height of foolishness.
From the Cypherpunk perspective, the criticism of Gmail misses the mark;
rather, all web mail systems should be understood as fundamentally
inconsistent with privacy.  If you want privacy, you have to do it
yourself.  Writing an angry letter is at best going to make the privacy
violations more covert.  It accomplishes nothing in the end.

@_date: 2004-04-10 23:20:57
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: legally required forgetting 
Regarding the question of whether debt must be merely 'forgiven'
or actually 'forgotten', see  for
information on the Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1970:
"The FCRA limits the length of time some information can appear in a
consumer report.  For instance, bankruptcies must be removed from the
report after 10 years.  Civil suits, civil judgments, paid tax liens,
accounts placed for collection, and records of arrest can only appear
for 7 years."
BlackNet thwarts such limitations on the reporting of consumer credit.
Clearly, providing access to this data harms individual privacy.
Yet Cypherpunks traditionally have supported this concept.  A privacy
advocacy group promotes technology which would aid the compilation of
individual dossiers and allow access to personally identifying data
about past financial transactions.
Of course, these were "classical" Cypherpunks, from the days when
"men were men and giants walked the earth".  They understood that the
way to keep data private was not to let it out in the first place.
They believed in freedom: freedom of association, freedom of contract.
They saw privacy as a means to achieve that freedom, not as an end
in itself.
Today, the Cypherpunks list is but a shadow of its former glory, with
anarcho-capitalism all but forgotten in favor of fashionable nihilism,
libertarians replaced by liberals.  Perhaps it is not too late to
resurrect the ideals of the past, but it will require hard work and open
mindedness on the part of all.

@_date: 2004-04-11 09:38:59
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: On Needing Killing 
No, they don't.
There are two alternative solutions to the problem of restrictions on
information flow, or more generally restrictions on any sort of voluntary
and cooperative activity.  One is to use force to fight back, even to
the point of killing the perpetrators.  This is what you are advocating
when you say they "need killing".
The other is to evade the restrictions.  This does not involve killing,
force, or violence of any sort.  Cryptography is an ideal tool for this
purpose.  It allows people to communicate and exchange data even when
outsiders want them to stop.  Via digital cash they can even contract
together, and buy and sell information and services.  BlackNet is intended
to be an example of how this could work.
The point is that BlackNet and other early Cypherpunk concepts
were intended to be based on the second approach, that of avoiding
restrictions via cryptographic protections.  BlackNet does not seek out
and kill people who try to shut it down.  It simply continues to exist
and operate, very profitably, despite the efforts of its opponents.
In a world where things like BlackNet can exist, the people who want to
stop it don't need to be killed, because their actions are ineffective.
We don't kill the crazy men who rant and rave in parks and on sidewalks.
We may pity them, we may even try to help them, but we don't kill them.
Similarly, if Cypherpunk technology succeeds, those who try to stop
communication from occuring will be no more important or effective in
achieving their goals.
This stuff should be Cypherpunks 101.  Not even that; it should be
Kindergarten for Cypherpunks.  Re-read (or read for the first time!) the
Cryptoanarchist Manifesto.  There's nothing in there about killing
those responsible for restricting freedom.  Rather, the entire essay
is about how the new technologies will allow people to communicate and
interact with privacy and security.  The same is true of the Cypherpunk's
Manifesto; again, it is about using software to defend privacy with
cryptographic anonymity.  There's no bloodlust in either of these essays.
These were the founding documents of the Cypherpunk movement.
It was only after many years that some Cypherpunks took a detour into
advocacy of violence.  In large part this was due to the influence of
Tim May, who as time went by became increasingly bitter and hateful.
Perhaps he had personal disappointments; in particular it seemed that
the failure of his more apocalyptic Y2K predictions was an embarrassment
which he took to covering with bluster and rage.
May became a loud, authoritative and dominating voice calling for violent
retribution against government agents or anyone whom he saw as a threat
or enemy.  Inevitably, he brought into the list people who felt the same
way, and drove away many who could not stand the anger and hatred which
were being expressed so openly.  His increasingly common racist rhetoric,
whether sincere or merely provocative, played a further role in sending
away some and, sadly, drawing in others.
The community changed, until today Cypherpunks are known as a community
which sees that its enemies "need killing".  It's almost a defining
characteristic.  The original goals of cryptoanarchy, privacy, anonymity,
reputation systems, and efforts to explore the underlying technology,
are largely forgotten.
But now it seems that there might be an opportunity for change.  With the
departure of Tim May, a cloud seems to have lifted.  Perhaps it will
be possible to reinvigorate the community, to give it new purpose and
new goals.  At a minimum, can we try to move beyond defining ourselves by
how many enemies we think "need killing"?  That was never what Cypherpunks
were supposed to be about.

@_date: 2004-04-13 21:29:06
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: On Killing Blaster 
Fine; you are questioning the feasibility of the cypherpunk model for
achieving freedom through cryptographic anonymity.  It is true that
power in the physical world can, in principle, prevent the operation
of the information infrastructure necessary for the cypherpunk dream
to be realized.  Whether it can do so without also impairing "good"
information transfers to an unacceptable level remains to be seen.
But suppose you're right; suppose men with guns keep crypto anarchy from
working, and the only recourse is to use force of your own.  Then what are
you doing here?  This list is for discussing and implementing cypherpunk
concepts.  If you deny them, you should go elsewhere to pursue your goals.
The practical problem with using force is that people will fight back.
And there are far more of them than you.  In a democratic system,
government policies have widespread support.  If you start knocking off
California legislators you will soon find the massive might of the State
directed against your health and well being.  Your goals of anarchy and
freedom are never going to be popular enough to let you win by using
force in this way.
Some have said they want to use cypherpunk technology to facilitate
their plans for using force to fight the oppressors.  They can set up
assassination markets; or more simply, hire hitmen anonymously using
ecash.  In this way they can bring force to bear without risk.
But this reasoning is self-contradictory.  If force is necessary, it
is because cypherpunk technology has failed.  As you predict, "Men with
Guns" will be controlling the bits via their control of physical reality.
There will be no anonymous assassination markets to help you pursue your
violent goals.
But the reverse is true as well: if and when such markets come to exist,
it can only be because the cypherpunk dream has succeeded beyond our
wildest hopes.  A world in which such applications exist despite the
most stringent efforts on the part of the State to eradicate them is one
in which cypherpunks have truly succeeded in burrowing so deep into the
information infrastructure that they can never be stopped.  It is a world
in which anonymity is preserved, one where contracts and payment systems
have been developed for even the most risky and uncertain enterprises.
If cypherpunk technology works to this degree, then it will open up
tremendous new opportunities for people to evade the power of government.
The one overwhelming trend as we move into the 21st century is the power
of information.  This is why governments more and more are trying to crack
down and limit its propagation.  If cypherpunk technologies are able to
transcend these restrictions, as is implied by the potential existence of
assassination markets, there is essentially no limit to what they can do.
The physical world is going to be increasingly less important as we go
forward.  What counts is the flow of information.  That is what needs
to be protected and made free from interference.  If we can achieve
that, the physical world won't much matter.  You won't need your guns,
and assassination markets, if they exist, won't be a force for freedom,
but merely another hazard of the physical world, that most people avoid
as much as possible.

@_date: 2004-04-13 21:28:51
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Fornicalia Lawmaker Moves to Block Gmail 
That's irrelevant.  These arguments that Gmail is just like other services
are nothing but red herrings.
Surely cypherpunks should understand that the recipient of a message
can do whatever he wants with it.  He can save it to disk, he can
share it with his friends, or he can contract with Gmail to add targeted
advertising.  It's contrary to everything cypherpunks stand for to suggest
that the sender of a message should have some power or authority over
what happens to it once it is in the receiver's hands.
Even if Gmail were completely new and nothing like it had ever existed in
the world before, it would be perfectly acceptable for mail recipients
to use the service.  That follows from their inherent freedom to use
the information under their control.
Please save these tired arguments by analogy for another forum.
Cypherpunks agree on the basic desirability of individual freedom,
and that is enough to settle the question.

@_date: 2004-04-19 09:57:06
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Anonymity vs reputation question 
Yes, you can do this, but there are some problems.
First, what is a reputation?  Reputations are in people's minds.  Any nym
will have a different reputation with different people.  The only way
the new nym could have exactly the same reputation with everyone would
be for it to be explicitly linked to the old nym, defeating the purpose
of switching.
Therefore the new nym's reputation will have to be a simple subset of
the reputation of the old nym, in order that many nyms will have equal
reputation and the new one won't be linked.  This suggests a simple
boolean ranking where one or more respected figures can give their
endorsement to a nym, and then the new nym can start up and say that it
is endorsed by so-and-so.  As long as that person gave out quite a few
endorsements then there will not be too much linkage to the old nym.
As someone mentioned, this is the problem which is solved by cryptographic
credentials, like those of Chaum or Brands.  The "reputation judge"
gives out an endorsement credential to those nyms he deems worthy; then
through various cryptographic techniques these credentials can be shown
by the new nyms.
A simple version of this would be to use the same Chaum blind signatures
that are used for ecash.  When the reputation judge gives out the
credential, in addition to signing the nym, he also issues a blind
signature on a blinded identity offered by the nym owner.  The judge
can't see what nym he is signing, but later that nym can show that its
identity is signed by the reputation judge.  Brands credentials basically
work this same way.
A problem with this is that only one new nym gets endorsed, so the
holder can only switch identities once.  To fix this, the judge could
issue several blind signatures, say about 5, which would accommodate
that many identity switches.
An even simpler approach would be for the reputation judge to create a
common public key to be used as a signing key by everyone he endorses.
When he endorses someone he reveals to them, privately, the secret key
used to sign with the common public key.  Then all nyms who have received
the endorsement can sign with the common key in addition to their own.
When the nym switches identities he still knows the common signing key
and can sign with it along with the new nym.
The problem with this class of systems is that if anyone leaks the common
private key, then the security of the endorsement is lost and anyone
can pretend to be endorsed.  A similar flaw with the previous proposal
is that if someone gets several blind endorsements, they might give some
away or sell some, and the new buyers might misuse them, cheapening the
value of the endorsement.
Yet another method, good if there aren't more than a dozen or so nyms
which are endorsed, is to use a ring or group signature.  The reputation
judge publishes a list of keys that he endorses, and then anyone on the
list can make a signature which can be verified as coming from one of
the keys, but there is no way to tell which one made it.
This has a security problem similar with the 2nd approach, that someone
on the list could secretly give away his private key to other people,
and they could sign bad messages, with no way to tell which person
on the list created them.  The reputation judge could address this by
withdrawing his endorsement of the last few list members, and seeing if
the problem goes away, but it would be a complicated and messy situation.

@_date: 2004-04-20 19:54:02
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: What Should Freedom Lovers Do? 
Lew Rockwell had written:
This is good advice for cypherpunks as well.  We all support the victory
of liberty, and we have a moral passion for justice.  Whether our means
are the speedious and most efficacious may be questionable, but it's
not like other forums are seeing vastly greater success.  And it's best
if freedom lovers push forward on all fronts.  Our goals of providing
liberty through cryptography are complementary to other efforts to
achieve freedom.
But the last point is the one I want to emphasize, a continuing theme in
my writings for the past several years: that the means must not contradict
the goal.  Too often have cypherpunks fallen into the trap of advocating
violence and aggression as a means to achieve their freedoms.  Tim May was
the worst of these, wishing for the nuclear obliteration of Washington,
cheering the Oklahoma City bombings, even threatening the lives of family
members of those who would break their word to him.  The destruction of
innocents must never be part of the agenda of a supporter of freedom.
Of course, if we stick to cypherpunk means, the issue does not arise.
Cryptographic anonymity threatens no one but aggressors.  It is purely
defensive in nature.  Using PGP, TOR or Freenet does not harm innocent
children or anyone else.  Yet these technologies open up new possibilities
for freedom of speech today, and hopefully for freedom of contract in
the future.
In my devotion to freedom, I apparently go beyond the point where most
cypherpunks are comfortable, in that I support private initiatives and
technologies of all sorts and oppose government regulation of them.
I am a supporter and admirer of Microsoft, which has achieved tremendous
market success without relying on government support, indeed in the
face of steadfast government opposition.  I oppose government antitrust
efforts in general, and specifically those directed against Microsoft.
Yet how many other cypherpunks have spoken up in favor of this widely
hated company?  Where is your love of freedom, if you can be silent in
the face of government infringement of their rights?  Re-read Rothbard's
fourth point, and understand that support of antitrust actions is exactly
what he cautions against.
Last year a widely published diatribe against online "monoculture" called
for Microsoft to be compelled to engage in all sorts of activities,
including rewriting all their software to run on Linux.  This homage
to statism was authored by, among others, a man who once called himself
libertarian: Perry Metzger, moderator of the cryptography mailing list.
No one who loves freedom should allow himself to be associated with any
such proposal.
Likewise, I support privately organized technological initiatives such as
DRM and even Trusted Computing.  It doesn't matter what the net impact
or effects of these technologies will be (although I think they will be
overall neutral to positive).  The only important point is that these
are free and non-coercive, without government regulation.  Of course,
DRM is presently strengthened by the DMCA, an evil and counter-productive
infringement on personal rights, but here it is important to focus on
what is wrong and what is right.  What is wrong is government restriction;
what is right is technology and contract to enforce mutually agreed-upon
conditions and permissions.
Cypherpunks should take a close look at how they choose which issues to
support and oppose.  Bear in mind Rothbard's advice against advocating
aggression against liberty, advocating planned programs, or supporting
the increase in State power in any area.  We must be uncompromising
in our support for freedom and liberty.  If we stick to our goals of
building technology to let people communicate privately and anonymously,
that will be our contribution to the freedom of the future world.
Read the Unlimited Freedom blog,

@_date: 2004-04-29 23:39:48
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Lowering the Bar for Threats 
Eric Cordian quotes:
You're such a liar.  I don't know why I even bother to respond to you.
You left off the next few lines:
   "So that makes it clear," Hale added.
   "Consider it done," Evola said.
   "Good", Hale replied.
And now you know... the rest of the story.
I encourage anyone interested in the case to read the details online.
By most accounts, jurors did a good job of seeing through Hale's
obfuscations and careful attempts at plausible deniability.
Free speech is one thing.  Soliciting murder is something else.
But let's say you're right and the government cracks down on criticism.
Which is easier, to get government to change, or to ignore the
restrictions and continue to publish critical essays, protected by
cryptographic anonymity?

@_date: 2004-04-30 13:12:26
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: no anon conversations? 
What technologies currently exist for receiving a/psuedononymous message?
With Mixmaster, sending mail, posting news, and even blog posting are
possible, However, receiving replies securely or, better, holding a private
conversation is difficult or impossible. Best bet seems is to encrypt and
spam somewhere very public? Ugly, ugly. No technological method, just a few
"trust me" remailers. Other options?

@_date: 2004-06-11 18:23:18
@_author: An Metet 
@_subject: Simplified base64 conversion 
I know there are readers here who are good at optimizing code.  Here are
my attempts to make simple and short versions of base64 encode/decode
in C.  I'd like to hear suggestions on how to simplify them even more.
Base64 encoding is a way of turning arbitrary binary data into printable
characters.  The idea is to take three consecutive 8-bit bytes, treat
this as 24 bits, then cut it into four 6-bit pieces.  Each 6-bit value
gets converted to a printable character from the strings A-Z, a-z, 0-9,
+, /, in that order.  That's 26 + 26 + 10 + 2 characters or 64.
Every 3 input bytes produces 4 output characters.  If the number of input
bytes is not a multiple of 3, for the last partial triplet we produce
2 or 3 characters of output using the 6-bit splitting, then pad with 1
or 2 equals signs (=) to make the output a multiple of 4 characters long.
Typical base64 implementations look more like
 which
are more readable, maybe, or at least more obviously correct.  These pull
out the basic 4-to-3 and 3-to-4 conversion functions, then have a driver
that calls these and takes care of end-message padding and such.
My approach was to use a read-and-write style.  For encoding, read 8
bits, write 6, read 8, write 6, read 8, write 6, write 6.  For decoding,
read 6, read 6, write 8, read 6, write 8, read 6, write 8.  I used a
state variable that counted to 3 for encoding (to 4 for decoding) and
a switch statement to show how to shift the bits around as needed for
the output.  Then on further study I noted that there were patterns in
the shifts that were very simply related to the state variable, so it
was possible to collapse all the cases as far as the shifts, with an if
statement for the extra output or input.
Given the state variable, doing the end padding was pretty simple, but
it would be nice if there were some way to fold that into the main loop.
For decoding, I borrowed an idea from for doing the ascii to binary conversion of the input characters,
and improved it somewhat.  The decode function ignores non-base64
characters so you can feed it input with line breaks and such in it.
(The encode function doesn't put in line breaks, but this could be added.)
One bizarre aspect of the decoder is that = signs are treated as non-b64
data and ignored, yet it still works right for the last 1 or 2 characters,
somewhat fortuitously.  For example, a 1-character input containing the
ascii letter x (0x78) gets encoded as eA==, but you could feed just the
string eA into the base64 decoder and get x out.
Anyway, here are the two functions.  They are released for free use
without restriction, although they are so short that they are hardly
worth copyright.  In exchange I am soliciting suggestions on how to
make them even simpler and more elegant.
static const char cb64[]="ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz01
int     /* outlen */
enc64 (char *out, unsigned char *in, int inlen)
        unsigned char c;
        unsigned char pc = 0;
        int st = 0;     /* counts 0, 2, 4 */
        char *iout = out;
        while (inlen--)
        {
                c = *in++;
                *out++ = cb64[pc | (c >> (2+st))];
                pc = (c << (4-st)) & 0x3f;
                if ((st+=2) == 6)
                {
                        *out++ = cb64[pc];
                        pc = st = 0;
                }
        }
        if (st > 0)
        {
                *out++ = cb64[pc];
                *out++ = '=';
                if (st == 2)
                        *out++ = '=';
        }
        return out - iout;
static const char cd64[]="|$$$}rstuvwxyz{$$$$$$$>?
int     /* outlen */
dec64 (unsigned char *out, char *in, int inlen)
        unsigned char c;
        unsigned char pc = 0;
        int st = 0;     /* Counts 0, 2, 4, 6 */
        unsigned char *iout = out;
        while (inlen--)
        {
                c = (unsigned char)*in++;
                c = (c < '+' || c > 'z') ? '$' : cd64[c - '+'];
                if( c == '$')
                        continue;
                c = c - 62;
                if (st > 0)
                        *out++ = pc | (c >> (6-st));
                pc = c << (2+st);
                if ((st+=2) == 8)
                        pc = st = 0;
        }
        /* assert (pc == 0); */
        return out - iout;

@_date: 2004-06-29 20:18:38
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: TCG(TCPA) anonymity and Lucky Green 
On August 6, 2002, Lucky Green wrote a reply to Anonymous (whom I will
now come clean and admit was none other than me), about the suggestion
that TCPA (now called TCG) could incorporate anonymous cryptographic
credentials to protect users' privacy, rather than the cumbersome
"privacy CA" mechanism they actually adopted.
I had written:
Lucky Green replied:
However, it now turns out that TCG has in fact incorporated
exactly the kind of mechanism which Lucky predicted they would be
unreceptive to.  The new TCG 1.2 spec includes "Direct Anonymous
Attestation" based on Camenisch credentials.  See it described at
  Here is the
   This paper describes the direct anonymous attestation scheme (DAA).
   This scheme was adopted by the Trusted Computing Group as the method
   for remote authentication of a hardware module, called trusted platform
   module (TPM), while preserving the privacy of the user of the platform
   that contains the module. Direct anonymous attestation can be seen
   as a group signature without the feature that a signature can be
   opened, i.e., the anonymity is not revocable. Moreover, DAA allows for
   pseudonyms, i.e., for each signature a user (in agreement with the
   recipient of the signature) can decide whether or not the signature
   should be linkable to another signature. DAA furthermore allows for
   detection of "known" keys: if the DAA secret keys are extracted
   from a TPM and published, a verifier can detect that a signature
   was produced using these secret keys. The scheme is provably secure
   in the random oracle model under the strong RSA and the decisional
   Diffie-Hellman assumption.
This is a real cryptographic tour de force.  It protects privacy,
includes irrevocable anonymity, and yet if keys get pulled out of
the system and published, they can be invalidated, even while fully
protecting the anonymity of users of valid keys!  It sounds impossible,
but these guys are wizards.
We haven't heard much from Lucky on TCG/TCPA lately.  It would be
interesting to get his reaction to the latest moves.  One ironic
trend is that although TCPA was claimed to be designed to kill open
source, in fact all the work on the technology is happening on Linux!
See enforcer.sourceforge.net for an example of using TCG to validate a
Linux kernel and executables.  IBM's work on tcgLinux is another project
along these lines.  Pretty exciting stuff.

@_date: 2004-07-16 10:35:02
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: vacuum-safe laptops ? 
Does anyone *know* (first or second hand, I can speculate myself) which laptops, if any, can safely go to zero air pressure (dropping from 1 atm to 0 in, say, 1 minute.)

@_date: 2004-07-21 04:33:30
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Texas oil refineries, a White Van, and Al Qaeda 
industrial The "no cameras" signs were very popular in east block countries. It
was forbidden to take pictures of bridges, government buildings,
airports, railway stations, industrial installations, water dams etc.
The signs were prominently displayed and the consensus on their
purpose was essentially to scare and comfort the sheeple. There was an
interview somewhere in early 90-ties when ex-government employee
attested to that. The counter-intelligence purpose was irrelevant even
then - it was just too easy to hide cameras. But harassment of
tourists and hobbyists was great PR, proof that 'authorities' are
doing the job and disarming the imminent evil.
In a depressingly predictable manner US of A is sliding into the same
mode of operation. And, depressingly, it works. Expect more
manufactured everyday threats, more citizen-informants, the works.
Contracting or subcontracting airborne demolition artists is not
practical on ongoing basis ... we need a terrorist threat everywhere, every day.
Make sure your children do not overhear your non-compliant

@_date: 2004-08-24 01:09:40
@_author: An Metet   
@_subject: Re: Another John Young Sighting 
This is a perfect example of media bias and manufacture of enemies.
Collecting public material at one place *is* anarchism today.
You may laugh but 74% (or whatever is the % who believes Saddam personally
piloted all 9/11 planes) of americans will believe it.
So Mr. Young is anarchist for all practical purposes and consequences.
And you are all his associates.
