
@_date: 2005-03-17 12:33:45
@_author: "Ann Clark" 
@_subject: Links exchange with http://vegasreference.com. 
Recently we have launched some exciting casino web sites
and would like to exchange links between your site and our ones.
We require that all our links to you are reciprocated. So please
add our links to your site and send us their location, we will reply
within 72 hours.
Our information is the next:
URL: Link Title: Poker
Description: USA Best Poker Rooms is a directory of where USA gamblers find online casinos that will interest you the most.
URL:  Link Title: Online Poker
Description: Poker for high stakes or poker for fun, these are both found in the poker rooms online. You can double or triple your money playing online poker!
URL: Link Title: Internet Casinos
Description: The All Internet Casinos that have the huge sign on bonuses, play casinos that you can trust as they are regulated with fair gaming laws!
URL: Link Title: Casino Games
Description: Casino games online are where the excitement and fun really is found! Everyone is gambling online! You'll know how to choose a online casino!
URL:  Link Title: Casino Bonuses
Description: The biggest and best casino bonuses are all found on this site. Double your money, triple your money, get free money to play at the casinos online!
URL:  Link Title: Online Casino
Description: All Online Casinos in the USA! Get bonuses, big prizes and games! $1,000,000, or $500,000, and even $100,000 - you can find all these things and more!
URL:  Link Title: Casino
Description: 777-casino-777 is the hottest online casino information of the net!
URL: Link Title: Casino
Description: AllAbout-Casino.com this is the largest source online where you can find all the information you need about gambling in an online casino.
URL: Link Title: Casino
Description: Ready for the best night of entertainment from your home?? Welcome to The Best Internet Online Casino Site!
URL: Link Title: Online Casino
Description: Grand jackpots of $1,000,000, $500,000, and even $250,000 you can find in the online casino!
URL: Link Title: Casino Payout
Description: Casino Top Payout is a listing of online casinos where you can click to the biggest jackpots, the biggest prizes and the fast moving games.
URL: Link Title: Free Casino
Description: Free play games are online in the casinos! You don`t have to pay to play!
URL: Link Title: Casino Bonus
Description: Casino best bonus is all about finding the casinos that have the biggest online bonuses, the biggest jackpots and the most fun online to be found.
Best Regards, Ann Clark
