
@_date: 2002-01-14 14:34:12
@_author: Anna Morgan 
@_subject: a must have domain name 
Names for Everyone - Home
                    Domains are finally AVAILABLE!
                                  register my .NAME?
                                  with your own name
                                  Permanent online identity
                                  recognized
                    Be one of the first people to register your name with this
                    exciting new extension. Now is the perfect time to reserve
                    your firstname.lastname.name before someone else takes it.
                          the near future, a .NAME address could even serve as
                          your cell phone number and your online identity to handle
                          money transfers!"
                          Andrew Tsia
                          CEO of Global Name Registry                           (The official dot-name registry)
                            the most personalized domain that is currently offered
                            on the Internet. For example, if your name is John
                            Smith, you can reserve John.Smith.name as well as
                            get your personalized email John
                            Use it to create your own personal website for posting
                            pictures, hobbies, interests, or even resumes.                             can also replace a hard to remember email address
                            like yourname45 with your
                            firstname Your name will
                            never change, so why not pre-register now before someone
                            else does? The uses for your .NAME are endless!                             and reserve your .NAME now as these unique domains
                            are awarded on a first come first served basis. Pre-register
                            your own .NAME for only US$10 per domain at                             and be the first to own YOUR .NAME.                         - The first domain extension designed specifically for
                        you!
                        We are strongly against continuously sending unsolicited
                        emails to those who do not wish to receive our special
                        mailings. We have attained the services of an independent
                        3rd party to overlook list management and removal services.
                        This is not unsolicited email. If you do not wish to receive
                        further mailings, please click this link                         Auto Email Removal Company. Ref# 011127
