
@_date: 2002-04-23 22:27:58
@_author: announce@inbox.nytimes.com 
@_subject: Important Membership Information 
Dear shobdob
Welcome to NYTimes.com! We are delighted that you have decided to become a member of our community. As a member you now have complete access to the Web's premier source for news and information -- free of charge. This e-mail is part one of a special two-part welcome package that will help introduce you to NYTimes.com's services and features; you'll receive the second part in about two weeks. Beyond that, you won't receive any further introductory e-mails from us. NYTimes.com provides you not only with in-depth coverage of news events around the world but also with a wealth of additional features and services. The site is updated regularly throughout the day by New York Times reporters and editors to give you insight into events as they unfold. No matter what the hour, you can look to NYTimes.com for the most trustworthy coverage available and unique perspective you won't find anywhere else.
Click here to get the most authoritative news on the Web, Please feel free to explore other areas of NYTimes.com. Scroll down for some starting points you may find useful.
Bernard Gwertzman, Editor
The New York Times on the Web
Imagine reading The New York Times any time & anywhere you like! Leisurely catch up on events & expand your horizons. Enjoy now for 50% off Home Delivery!  Click here:
Here are some interesting features that are available from ** Search and retrieve articles from The New York Times Archives back to 1996. ** You are just a click away from enjoying 30 days free of our Premium Crosswords.  Premium Crossword subscribers have access to today's New York Times crossword puzzle and over 2,000 archived daily, Sunday, and Sunday Magazine puzzles, including our acrostic puzzles.   Premium Crosswords has a  $19.95 annual fee.  Click here for your free 30 day period:
** Sign up for NYTimes.com's variety of free daily and weekly e-mail newsletters. They will help you stay abreast of the day's top stories and breaking news as well as offer an advance perspective on the latest in personal finance, technology, books, film and travel deals:
** Thinking of making a career change?  Visit our Job Market section:
** Househunting?  The Real Estate Section is found at:
** Get a free photo screensaver from The New York Times Photo Archives.  Choose from Vintage New York, Americana,
Coney Island and more:
** Search our archive of more than 50,000 book reviews, listen to author interviews or sign-up for an exclusive weekly newsletter from our Books Editor:
** Bookmark our Navigator guide for a regularly updated list of some of the most useful sites on the Web.  When you're looking for information, Navigator, the home page of the newsroom of The New York Times, is a great starting Thank you again for becoming a member.  We hope that you will make a point of visiting the site often.
P.S. Your opinions are important to us. Share your thoughts about the site with us by sending an e-mail to feedback
Your account information is listed below for future Your Member ID is shobdob
You selected your password at registration.
Your e-mail address is cypherpunks
If you did not authorize this registration, someone has mistakenly registered using your e-mail address. We regret the inconvenience; please forward this e-mail
to cancel and write "cancel" in the subject line or visit
