
@_date: 2003-07-20 23:50:04
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Re: Unsubtle Wetwork 
This is slightly off the topic ...
Some calculations done before by people who understand money flows (and
are not at the same time priests of the Official Economy) show similar
To me, this is a plausible explanation for the current domestic support
of the US government. A majority of population (75% ? 90% ?) actually
lives on ability of the US government to incur this debt and, having
sufficient military power, not have to pay it back. The collusion with
the government is much deeper than simple power of propaganda.
Those who actually earn their standard of living (ie. their business is
not contigent, directly or indirectly, upon US military supremacy) are
the minority. This is the most fundamental transformation of the US
society - massive recruitment by the government.

@_date: 2003-11-09 22:32:48
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Stanford security conference 
This looks interesting:
Stanford Law School Media Release
For Immediate Release: Thursday, October 30, 2003
CALIFORNIA ATTORNEY GENERAL BILL LOCKYER TO ADDRESS
CYBERSECURITY AND VULNERABILITY DISCLOSURE AT
STANFORD LAW SCHOOL
Conference at Stanford Law School, Saturday November 22, 2003, 8:00 a.m.
to 6:00 p.m.
Early registration deadline is Nov 1, 2003.
Reported computer security breaches have almost doubled since last year,
and the vast majority go unreported. In two high profile incidents
earlier this year, hackers downloaded U.S. Navy credit card numbers and a
worm paralyzed Bank of America's ATM network.
In July, California became the first state to require businesses to
notify consumers if hackers illegally obtain their personal information
from company databases.
California Attorney General Bill Lockyer will talk about enforcing this
measure and other initiatives to achieve Internet security in the face of
increasingly severe breaches of computer systems. His talk is part of a
day-long conference hosted by the Stanford Law School Center for Internet
and Society.
Lockyer will join twenty top high-tech executives, encryption experts,
and law professors, who will propose ways that technology vendors, their
customers, government officials, researchers, and consumers can
accelerate vulnerability research, computer security, and consumer
privacy protection.
The conference discussion will occur against the backdrop of a national
debate as to how to respond to growing threats to cyberspace, and how to
balance security needs against heightened exposure and the disclosure of
proprietary information. On the one side are those who seek a federal
measure like the one in California that mandates disclosure of security
vulnerabilities. On the other are those who believe that non-disclosure
("security through obscurity") better protects privacy while continuing
to enable research and development.
The conference brings people from both camps together with technical
experts to hammer out solutions and recommend policy for both industry
and government.
Other speakers include:
Matt Blaze, AT&T
Mary Ann Davidson, Oracle
David L. Dill, Professor of Computer Science, Stanford University
James Duncan, Cisco
Gerhard Eschelbeck, Qualys
Stephanie Fohn, Consultant
Tiina Havana, Oulu University Secure Programming Group (OUSPG), Finland
Shawn Hernan, CERT
Steven B. Lipner, Microsoft
David Litchfield, NGSSoftware
Simple Nomad, NMRC, Bindview
Len Sassaman, Anonymizer
Bruce Schneier, Counterpane
Peter P. Swire, Professor of Law at Ohio State University
Hal Varian, Professor, University of California, Berkeley
Vincent Weafer, Symantec
Stephen Wu, InfoSec Law Group
Chris Wysopal, About Stanford Law School Center for Internet and Society (CIS):
CIS is a public interest technology law and policy program within the
umbrella Law, Science and Technology Program at Stanford Law School. CIS
convenes scholars, legislators, programmers, security researchers,
scientists and students to study the interaction between new technologies
and the law, and determine how the synergy between the two can either
promote or harm the public good. CIS works to advance technology and
shape the direction of the law to protect free speech, privacy, public
commons, diversity, and scientific inquiry.
Center for Internet and Society Contact Information:
Jennifer Granick, Executive Director, CIS, 650/724-0014,
Lauren Gelman, Assistant Director, CIS, 650/724-3358, gelman
Bill Lockyer's keynote address is scheduled from 12:15 p.m to 1:45 p.m.
For a complete schedule of sessions, and to register for this event
online, go to: This event is free to the media. To obtain a press pass and reserve press
seating, please contact:
Judith Romero, Assistant Director of Communication for Stanford Law
School, 650/723-2232 or judith.romero
About Stanford CIS:
The Center for Internet and Society (CIS) is a public interest
technology law and policy program at Stanford Law School and a part  of
Law, Science and Technology Program at Stanford Law School. The  CIS
brings together scholars, academics, legislators, students,
programmers, security researchers, and scientists to study the
interaction of new technologies and the law and to examine how the
synergy between the two can either promote or harm public goods like
free speech, privacy, public commons, diversity, and scientific
inquiry. The CIS strives as well to improve both technology and law,
encouraging decision makers to design both as a means to further
democratic values.
                            -end-

@_date: 2003-12-18 03:01:07
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
The propaganda mills were working for Saddam, not against him.
"Over the last dozen years I made 13 trips to Baghdad to lobby the government to keep CNN's Baghdad bureau open and to arrange interviews with Iraqi leaders. Each time I visited, I became more distressed by what I saw and heard - awful things that could not be reported because doing so would have jeopardized the lives of Iraqis, particularly those on our Baghdad staff."
"It appears there is another, more troubling, reason Jordan decided not to report these hideous crimes until the regime was safely out of the way: CNN didn't want to lose its on-the-ground access to a big story."
Human Rights Watch, Amnesty, and countless Iraqi refugees all report similar stories of widespread torture and murder.  Is it your position that these are all propagandists?
Dismissing as "propaganda" any reports that oppose your argument, while accepting as truth any claim that supports it, is simple intellectual dishonesty.

@_date: 2003-12-18 03:01:07
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Re: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
The propaganda mills were working for Saddam, not against him.
"Over the last dozen years I made 13 trips to Baghdad to lobby the government to keep CNN's Baghdad bureau open and to arrange interviews with Iraqi leaders. Each time I visited, I became more distressed by what I saw and heard - awful things that could not be reported because doing so would have jeopardized the lives of Iraqis, particularly those on our Baghdad staff."
"It appears there is another, more troubling, reason Jordan decided not to report these hideous crimes until the regime was safely out of the way: CNN didn't want to lose its on-the-ground access to a big story."
Human Rights Watch, Amnesty, and countless Iraqi refugees all report similar stories of widespread torture and murder.  Is it your position that these are all propagandists?
Dismissing as "propaganda" any reports that oppose your argument, while accepting as truth any claim that supports it, is simple intellectual dishonesty.

@_date: 2004-12-15 02:55:27
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Police given computer spy powers 
Police given computer spy powers
("smhguy/pass" to access)
By Rob O'Neill
December 13, 2004
Federal and state police now have the power to use computer spyware to gather evidence in a broad range of investigations after legal changes last week.
The Surveillance Devices Act allows police to obtain a warrant to use software surveillance technologies, including systems that track and log keystrokes on a computer keyboard. The law applies to the Australian Federal Police and to state police investigating Commonwealth offences.
Critics have called the law rushed and imbalanced, saying police will be able to secretly install software to monitor email, online chats, word processor and spreadsheets entries and even bank personal identification numbers and passwords.
Irene Graham, executive director of watchdog Electronic Frontiers Australia, said the law went too far in allowing police surveillance.
"The legislation has been passed without the proper scrutiny and the ALP is too afraid to stick to their guns and oppose it," she said.
Ms Graham also believed the act could override parts of the Telecommunications Interception Act, which tightly regulated telecommunications monitoring.
A spokesperson for the federal Attorney-General, Philip Ruddock, denied this, saying the act specifically said it should not be read to override the Telecommunications Interception Act.
The spokesperson said there were protections in the legislation, including reporting to Parliament and allowing reviews by the Ombudsman.
In addition to redefining the kinds of surveillance devices that can be used, the Surveillance Devices Act allows surveillance for offences far less serious than those allowed under the Telecommunications Interception Act. Warrants to intercept telecommunications can only be obtained to investigate offences carrying a maximum jail term of seven years or more. However, Surveillance Devices Act warrants can be obtained for offences carrying a maximum sentence of three years.
Ms Graham said the three-year benchmark was too low and the act went too far in setting out circumstances in which police could use surveillance devices.
A warrant could be obtained under the act if an officer had reasonable grounds to suspect an offence had been or might be committed and a surveillance device was necessary to obtain evidence. They can also be obtained in child recovery cases.
The act also has secrecy provisions making it an offence to publish information on an application for, or the existence of, a surveillance warrant.
The Government said the act would consolidate and modernise the law. Mr Ruddock said the power of Commonwealth law enforcement using surveillance devices lagged behind what technology made possible and what was permitted in other jurisdictions.
However, Electronic Frontiers is concerned that key-logging software can even record words written and then deleted or changed and thoughts that are not intended for communication.
