
@_date: 2001-09-29 21:54:01
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: NYT: O'Connor Foresees Limits on Freedom 
O'Connor Foresees Limits on Freedom
By LINDA GREENHOUSE
Describing herself as "still tearful" after viewing the World Trade Center
site, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor told a law school audience in Manhattan yesterday
that as part of the country's response to terrorism, "we're likely to experience
more restrictions on our personal freedom than has ever been the case in our
Lawyers have a special duty to work to maintain the rule of law in the face
of terrorism, Justice O'Connor said, adding in a quotation from Margaret Thatcher,
the former British prime minister: "Where law ends, tyranny begins."
Justice O'Connor, who was on an official visit to India when the terrorist
attacks took place on Sept. 11, was the first Supreme Court justice to speak
publicly about the events and their possible legal consequences. She was the
main speaker at the groundbreaking for a law school building at New York University
in Greenwich Village.
Her brief remarks emphasized the need to proceed with care in the aftermath
of a national trauma that she said "will cause us to re-examine some of our
laws pertaining to criminal surveillance, wiretapping, immigration and so on."
Lawyers would play an important role in striking the right balance, she said,
adding, "Lawyers and academics will help define how to maintain a fair and
a just society with a strong rule of law at a time when many are more concerned
with safety and a measure of vengeance."
Justice O'Connor did not offer an analysis of any particular proposal, instead
observing that "no single response is appropriate for every situation."
Referring to the prospect that military deployments overseas rather than domestic
prosecutions will be a principal means of bringing terrorists to justice, she
said: "It is possible, if not likely, that we will rely more on international
rules of war than on our cherished constitutional standards for criminal prosecutions
in responding to threats to our national security."
Justice O'Connor posed a series of questions at the ceremony:
"First, can a society that prides itself on equality before the law treat terrorists
differently than ordinary criminals? And where do we draw the line between
them? Second, at what point does the cost to civil liberties from legislation
designed to prevent terrorism outweigh the added security that that legislation
Without answering the questions herself, she concluded: "These are tough questions,
and they're going to require a great deal of study, goodwill and expertise
to resolve them. And in the years to come, it will become clear that the need
for lawyers does not diminish in times of crisis; it only increases."
Justice O'Connor, who grew up in Arizona, said her visit to New York and the
trade center site had changed her image of a city she and her husband, John,
had considered "harsh, brash, brassy, tough."
Now, she said, "there is a new spirit here and it's one of warmth, solidarity,
humanity and determination that we have not witnessed before."
She added: "It's very noticeable and very moving."

@_date: 2001-09-13 09:18:00
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: theregister.co.uk: Anonymous Remailers Survive Politech Attack 
The anonymous remailer network isn't closing, despite an alarmist and inaccurate story by Wired's Declan McCullagh, and postings to his own widely-read Politech mailing list. Len Sassaman, a security expert and privacy advocate who runs the Randseed remailer, is cited by McCullagh as having "pulled the plug" on his system in the wake of the World Trade Center bombings, and the report hinted that others had too. But Sassaman's system didn't go off-line and McCullagh, it turns out, hadn't been in touch to check. An announcement rapidly followed explaining that Randseed had been switched into middleman mode, which simply prevents it from being the last machine in the remailer chain. And real-time statistics at press time showed thirty six Type II 'Mixmaster' remailers in operation, more than are usually running. Many more Type I remailers were also active. Sassaman told us that the precaution was to preempt concern about hate mail or threats being made using the system. His remailer processes around three thousand messages a day, and out of a million messages over the past year, only two have drawn the attention of the authorities.

@_date: 2001-09-15 20:04:00
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: RE: Crypto-anonymity greases HUMINT intelligence flows 
Not according to Tim May.  He was the one who wrote that he was becoming
convinced that Tim McVeigh had done the right thing.  "Some innocents
died, but hey, war is hell.  Broken eggs and all that."  Those are his
exact words, May 9, 1997.  He's also the one that has called for the
burning of millions of innocents by nuclear fire.
If targeting innocents is evil, what can we say about those who applaud
such actions?  Doesn't Tim May, by his own words, show himself to be
evil by the standards of every civilized human culture?

@_date: 2001-09-15 03:08:00
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: "bespectacled, nerdly remailer operators" 
Well, there are some spectacles in evidence... but the guns don't exactly
fit the nerd image, do they.  About the hot babe... would that be one
of those $1000/night hookers?  Maybe Plan B is operational after all.
Just post them to remops, Declan will take care of the distribution...

@_date: 2001-09-17 05:36:00
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Reese is a twit. 
Yes, it was. Read the post. Scroll down below his signature. It's there.
Fuck you. (Doing my part to make the world a better place...)

@_date: 2001-10-30 16:50:01
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: Transparency Spray 
...is nothing more than liquid freon.
Save yourself the 10x markup and buy
your own from an Optics type store.
Daub it on an envelope and trip out.

@_date: 2001-10-30 16:18:02
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: Singing The War Prayer 
-I- am an idiot?
Wow, that sorta hurts. I am an idiot because I believe to a great degree that the USA in danger....
thats nice. Thanks for making me feel at
Cant effectively rebut my statement,
so you insult me, and not even creatively!
which causes more hurt feelings. I really do
feel hurt, its weird. Maybe its because I am normally sleeping right now and I feel out of it, or perhaps I am excited that my beloved Knicks are going to break Jordans ass open tonight... right there at MSG. Perhaps I am extra touchy because I havent been laid since saturday, and thats what I consider a dry spell.
Well, you are an insensitive, uncreative jerk.
A system of government marked by centralization of authority under a dictator, stringent socioeconomic controls, suppression of the opposition through terror and censorship, and typically a policy of belligerent nationalism and racism. b. A political philosophy or movement based on or advocating such a system of government.
Oppressive, dictatorial control. Where do you see my advocation of any of these?
You simply dont and wont ever. Does a fascist state encompass all of those listed traits? Or
just one, or shades of one and none of the other, or perhaps
bits of all?
Define your terms before you use them, not knowing what they are.
I am all for guns, but shit, dont wave one around if you dont
know how to use it, it may go off in your face. If you wave around
your proud lexicon like that, I am amazed that you still have a face and that someone hasnt shot it off for you.

@_date: 2001-10-22 03:42:00
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: RESEND: FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent
AMERICAN investigators are considering resorting to harsher interrogation techniques, including torture, after facing a wall of silence from jailed suspected members of Osama bin Ladens al-Qaeda network, according to a report yesterday.
More than 150 people who were picked up after September 11 remain in custody, with four men the focus of particularly intense scrutiny. But investigators have found the usual methods have failed to persuade any of them to talk.
Options being weighed include truth drugs, pressure tactics and extraditing the suspects to countries whose security services are more used to employing a heavy-handed approach during interrogations.
Were into this thing for 35 days and nobody is talking. Frustration has begun to appear, a senior FBI official told The Washington Post.
Under US law, evidence extracted using physical pressure or torture is inadmissible in court and interrogators could also face criminal charges for employing such methods. However, investigators suggested that the time might soon come when a truth serum, such as sodium pentothal, would be deemed an acceptable tool for interrogators.
The public pressure for results in the war on terrorism might also persuade the FBI to encourage the countries of suspects to seek their extradition, in the knowledge that they could be given a much rougher reception in jails back home.
One of the four key suspects is Zacarias Moussaoui, a French Moroccan, suspected of being a twentieth hijacker who failed to make it on board the plane that crashed in Pennsylvania. Moussaoui was detained after he acted suspiciously at a Minnesota flying school, requesting lessons in how to steer a plane but not how to take off or land. Both Morocco and France are regarded as having harsher interrogation methods than the United States.
The investigators have been disappointed that the usual incentives to break suspects, such as promises of shorter sentences, money, jobs and new lives in the witness protection programme, have failed to break the We are known for humanitarian treatment, so basically we are stuck. Usually there is some incentive, some angle to play, what you can do for them. But it could get to that spot where we could go to pressure . . . where we dont have a choice, and we are probably getting there, an FBI agent involved in the investigation told the paper.
The other key suspects being held in New York are Mohammed Jaweed Azmath and Ayub Ali Khan, Indians who were caught the day after the attacks travelling with false passports, craft knives such as those used in the hijackings and hair dye. Nabil Almarabh, a Boston taxi driver alleged to have links to al-Qaeda, is also being held. Some legal experts believe that the US Supreme Court, which has a conservative tilt, might be prepared to support curtailing the civil liberties of prisoners in terrorism cases.
However, a warning that torture should be avoided came from Robert Blitzer, a former head of the FBIs counter-terrorism section. He said that the practice goes against every grain in my body. Chances are you are going to get the wrong person and risk damage or killing them.
In all, about 800 people have been rounded up since the attacks, most of whom are expected to be found to be innocent. Investigators believe there could be hundreds of people linked to al-Qaeda living in the US, and the Bush Administration has issued a warning that more attacks are probably being planned.
Newsweek magazine reports today that Mohammed Atta, the suspected ringleader who died in the first plane to hit the World Trade Centre, had been looking into hitting an aircraft carrier. Investigators retracing his movements found that he visited the huge US Navy base at Norfolk, Virginia, in February and April this year.

@_date: 2001-10-10 06:40:01
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Palestinian police want the help of israel 
After bloody crashes between palestinian police
and palestinian demonstrators, Palestinian authority
today asked Israel for riot gear, according to Zionist tv tonight.
The Zionist defense department may or may not
go along with the request, which includes
teargas grenades.
Today the palestinian authority ordered an
investigation on the riots.
All schools in Gaza strip were ordered to
remain closed today.

@_date: 2001-10-06 06:39:19
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Labs fail to identify anthrax in unannounced tests 
[Reformatted for legibility.  Please take the few moments necessary to
ensure materials posted are readable.  KMSelf]
(New Mexico) State Labs Flunk Tests on Spotting Anthrax
By E. J. Mundell (From Haz--Mat-WMD Tuesday May 22)
ORLANDO (Reuters Health) - In a recent test, every medical laboratory
that received a patient specimen containing the deadly anthrax bacterium
failed to spot the organism or refer it to another lab, scientists
report. The finding is worrisome, because "if Bacillus anthracis is used
covertly in a bioterrorism attack, it will probably be first isolated in
a clinical laboratory," according to Dr. Linda Nims and colleagues at
the New Mexico State Laboratory in Albuquerque. Nims presented the
findings here Monday at the annual meeting of the American Society for
Microbiology. Speaking with Reuters Health, Nims explained that as a
former clinical microbiologist, she suspected that most of her
colleagues would dismiss an unexpected culture finding such as B.
anthracis as an innocuous contaminant. "You feel like, 'well, it was on
the skin but it's not causing the patient's infection," she said. The
common response would be to abandon any further investigation of the
bacillus. "I wanted to see if the laboratories in my city still did the
same thing," Nims said. So, unannounced, she and her colleagues
submitted four specimens-not from real patients-to four large New Mexico
laboratories. Each contained a weakened form of B. anthracis. The
result, Nims said, was "exactly what I thought-people just thought it
was a contaminant. Three out of four laboratories turned it out as a
contaminant or just 'Bacillus species.' One referred it to us--9 days
after they first looked at the specimen." These types of mistakes and
delays could have enormous public health consequences in the event of a
real anthrax outbreak, the researchers warn.
Laboratories could "take a prolonged period of time to identify the
organism or not identify it at all, which could result in increased
illness and death in the population."
To address the problem locally, the New Mexico State Laboratory has
presented training sessions in spotting and reporting B. anthracis for
personnel at the four labs that flunked the test. The measure seems to
have worked. In a second round of tests, all four labs correctly
referred the bacillus to the state lab when it came across their desks,
with three of the four doing so within a day. Nims believes this type of
initiative may be needed nationwide, given the ongoing threat of
bioterrorism. "I think that all laboratories have to be aware of it and
probably ask their state health lab for help in training on it," she

@_date: 2001-10-04 16:34:01
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: WTC Photos 
Virtually everyone who visits the WTC site reports the same effect:
they are astonished by the scale of the devastation, utterly beyond
from what they have seen in photos and on TV.  Then they take pictures,
and guess what: they are no different from anyone else's pictures.
Pictures show a tiny window into the scene; but you have to be there in
360 degree reality to get the full impact.
John seems to have experienced the same thing.  His memories are overlayed
onto the photos, making them for him part of a larger reality.  But to
a viewer, they are no different from what we have seen from the other
news media.  They just show broken metal.  You can get the same thing
at the local junkyard.

@_date: 2001-10-05 03:06:02
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: The Martyrdom Videogame 
control, "power/politics"
control, "power/politics"
I still stand by that The Chr. God is a G. of \/
Even though Steve F. pointed out that we pick and choose our verses,
Those verses speak not about war, but Resistance> through
Videogames have nothing to do with god, unless you're really
good at them. Yu americans are better off training with the Wutang Clan.

@_date: 2001-10-06 06:18:06
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Labs fail to identify anthrax in unannounced tests 
(New Mexico) State Labs Flunk Tests on Spotting Anthrax
By E. J. Mundell (From Haz--Mat-WMD Tuesday May 22)
ORLANDO (Reuters Health) - In a recent test, every medical laboratory that received a patient
specimen containing the deadly anthrax bacterium failed to spot the organism or refer it to
another lab, scientists report. The finding is worrisome, because "if Bacillus anthracis is
used covertly in a bioterrorism attack, it will probably be first isolated in a clinical
laboratory," according to Dr. Linda Nims and colleagues at the New Mexico State Laboratory in
Albuquerque. Nims presented the findings here Monday at the annual meeting of the American
Society for Microbiology. Speaking with Reuters Health, Nims explained that as a former
clinical microbiologist, she suspected that most of her colleagues would dismiss an unexpected
culture finding such as B. anthracis as an innocuous contaminant. "You feel like, 'well, it was
on the skin but it's not causing the patient's infection," she said. The common response would
be to abandon any further investigation of the bacillus. "I wanted to see if the laboratories
in my city still did the same thing," Nims said. So, unannounced, she and her colleagues submitted
four specimens-not from real patients-to four large New Mexico laboratories. Each contained a
weakened form of B. anthracis. The result, Nims said, was "exactly what I thought-people just
thought it was a contaminant. Three out of four laboratories turned it out as a contaminant
or just 'Bacillus species.' One referred it to us--9 days after they first looked at the
specimen." These types of mistakes and delays could have enormous public health consequences in
the event of a real anthrax outbreak, the researchers warn.
Laboratories could "take a prolonged period of time to identify the organism or not identify it
at all, which could result in increased illness and death in the population."
To address the problem locally, the New Mexico State Laboratory has presented training sessions
in spotting and reporting B. anthracis for personnel at the four labs that flunked the test. The
measure seems to have worked. In a second round of tests, all four labs correctly referred the
bacillus to the state lab when it came across their desks, with three of the four doing so within
a day. Nims believes this type of initiative may be needed nationwide, given the ongoing threat
of bioterrorism. "I think that all laboratories have to be aware of it and probably ask their
state health lab for help in training on it," she said.

@_date: 2001-10-14 20:56:00
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: More on "new physics" 
This aggression against the ufo bases will not stand.
I'm not saying that they exist, I will do so when I am inside but the
aggression against
them will not stand. I repeat it will not stand, that's the
aggression against the ufo bases.
On the Zetas. Obviously we have (in more cases than one -
"ubernormal") events that have transpired. These
have lead to a few people claiming that they know the whereabouts of
"figures" involved.
In a powerful vision to Tim May I could speak finnish. It would be
really unfortunate if Tim May then concluded
that I am of finnish descent. *
Nazi...Never heard anything interested about it, except some
sightings in Italy during the Mussolini reign.
Probably misinterpreted speculations, again. However occult links to
alot of national socialist circles exist.
1488 and hail the ufobases, american bitches.
* dogon vocalist with lyrical mischief?

@_date: 2001-10-19 00:06:00
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: StreetMail (triangulate this) 
In the view of imminent remailer takeover/shutdown, here is a scheme that can piggyback on any entry/exit point and provide rather decent anonymity. Until I do exhaustive trademark research, let's call it StreetMail.
It has nothing to do with crypto. It just exploits anonymity that (still) exists for people using public streets.
Background: cheap residential 802.11b access points have significant outdoor range and cost around $200 (orinoco rg-1100; proxym skyline; apple airport ($300)). Orinoco seems to be the best choice because it provides ready ability to attach antenna.
All these can be configured to allow access to anyone. Also, it can be specified which kind of traffic is allowed (say, only port 8000).
By directing these access points to use in-house http proxy (like squid) that is configured to allow ONLY access to remailers and throwaway accounts (hotmail, yahoo,etc) all other use of public access is effectively prevented.
If antenna is placed close to the window the range should be around 100-200 meters in the open. An interested party could drive in the range and pickup/send e-mail at will.
Unlike with traditional remailers, where one must trust the operator, here the terrorist user controls anonymity herself. Who has seen you ? If you just walk by with a laptop who can ID you ? (use the radio card that has programmable MAC, like Orinoco gold.)
Best of all, the operator is automagically exonerated, since she has no way of knowing who is connecting to the WLAN. Until operating WLANs becomes a crime, that is.
The disadvantages are obvious - today's few active remailers are reachable from anywhere on the net. The proposed solution requires access point, server and always-on link (like DSL) and there should be one location per, say, half million inhabitants. The only difference between StreetMail this and those that chose to offer their DSL to the public ( is that StreetMail is far more restrictive, so you don't have to worry about your freaky neighbour serving gigs of Illegal Bits.
Now, the above can be set up in about half hour. Further enhancements require access to AP development toolkits (or playing with unix drivers for radio cards instead):
- limiting a single remote MAC to preset time and volume (like once every 6 hrs and no more than 100 kb per session (this also creates liability because logs will exist)
- using internal remailer with random delay, so she can escape
- bouncing traffic via radio links with nearby nodes.

@_date: 2001-10-22 03:02:02
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent
AMERICAN investigators are considering resorting to harsher interrogation techniques, including torture, after facing a wall of silence from jailed suspected members of Osama bin Ladens al-Qaeda network, according to a report yesterday.
More than 150 people who were picked up after September 11 remain in custody, with four men the focus of particularly intense scrutiny. But investigators have found the usual methods have failed to persuade any of them to talk.
Options being weighed include truth drugs, pressure tactics and extraditing the suspects to countries whose security services are more used to employing a heavy-handed approach during interrogations.
Were into this thing for 35 days and nobody is talking. Frustration has begun to appear, a senior FBI official told The Washington Post.
Under US law, evidence extracted using physical pressure or torture is inadmissible in court and interrogators could also face criminal charges for employing such methods. However, investigators suggested that the time might soon come when a truth serum, such as sodium pentothal, would be deemed an acceptable tool for interrogators.
The public pressure for results in the war on terrorism might also persuade the FBI to encourage the countries of suspects to seek their extradition, in the knowledge that they could be given a much rougher reception in jails back home.
One of the four key suspects is Zacarias Moussaoui, a French Moroccan, suspected of being a twentieth hijacker who failed to make it on board the plane that crashed in Pennsylvania. Moussaoui was detained after he acted suspiciously at a Minnesota flying school, requesting lessons in how to steer a plane but not how to take off or land. Both Morocco and France are regarded as having harsher interrogation methods than the United States.
The investigators have been disappointed that the usual incentives to break suspects, such as promises of shorter sentences, money, jobs and new lives in the witness protection programme, have failed to break the silence.
We are known for humanitarian treatment, so basically we are stuck. Usually there is some incentive, some angle to play, what you can do for them. But it could get to that spot where we could go to pressure . . . where we dont have a choice, and we are probably getting there, an FBI agent involved in the investigation told the paper.
The other key suspects being held in New York are Mohammed Jaweed Azmath and Ayub Ali Khan, Indians who were caught the day after the attacks travelling with false passports, craft knives such as those used in the hijackings and hair dye. Nabil Almarabh, a Boston taxi driver alleged to have links to al-Qaeda, is also being held. Some legal experts believe that the US Supreme Court, which has a conservative tilt, might be prepared to support curtailing the civil liberties of prisoners in terrorism cases.
However, a warning that torture should be avoided came from Robert Blitzer, a former head of the FBIs counter-terrorism section. He said that the practice goes against every grain in my body. Chances are you are going to get the wrong person and risk damage or killing them.
In all, about 800 people have been rounded up since the attacks, most of whom are expected to be found to be innocent. Investigators believe there could be hundreds of people linked to al-Qaeda living in the US, and the Bush Administration has issued a warning that more attacks are probably being planned.
Newsweek magazine reports today that Mohammed Atta, the suspected ringleader who died in the first plane to hit the World Trade Centre, had been looking into hitting an aircraft carrier. Investigators retracing his movements found that he visited the huge US Navy base at Norfolk, Virginia, in February and April this year.

@_date: 2001-10-23 23:00:01
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: RE: Conman, quantum entaglement and no cat 
Of course.  A moment's thought will make it clear that the list which
was finally exhibited with the correct lottery numbers on it was not
the same list which was sitting in that guarded envelope all that time.
Somewhere along the way, in the process of opening the envelope, the
magician makes a switch.  It's the oldest trick in the book, or one of
them anyway.

@_date: 2001-10-26 22:08:01
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Cryptography and the Present Crisis 
Cypherpunks are forgetting everything they are supposed to know.
Does anyone remember why this list was formed?  Does the "cypher" in
cypherpunk mean anything?  Has anyone considered whether there is a role
for crypto technology in the face of the current threats to civil rights?
These new laws are a perfect opportunity to promote the message of
cryptography for privacy.  Virtually all of the provisions which have
cypherpunks wailing in despair can be easily circumvented by the use of
crypto technology.  And every trial balloon floated to limit or ban crypto
has been shot down instantly, so full of holes that it will never fly.
Carnivore will be deployed to snoop on email?  Simple, use PGP/GPG.
Carnivore used for "trap and trace" address gathering?  Simple, use
remailers to disguise the patterns of who you are communicating with.
Legitimate criticism of U.S. government potentially interpreted
as supporting terrorism?  Simple, make your points anonymously or
pseudonymously and be free from the fear of prosecution.
Every one of these policies is an opportunity, not a threat.  To the
extent that these crackdowns engender concern about privacy violations
from a growing segment of the population, this is a chance for cypherpunks
to spread their knowledge and their technology.  You don't have to be
a paranoid any more to be afraid that the government is spying on you.
John Ashcroft himself boasts that Big Government will be watching.
Cypherpunks should be taking advantage of this opportunity to promote
their message of privacy through technology.  For the first time since
the group was formed, they can make a legitimate case that the threat
of government surveillance is increasing.  With the Bill of Rights
being tossed out the window and the AG openly admitting to bending the
rules to achieve his goals, a wide community is going to be receptive
to this message.
Of course there are presently substantial numbers who are caught up in
the collectivist urge and who might view attempts to protect privacy
as unpatriotic.  But this is a temporary phenomenon, already fading.
The flags which flew from every car and building in sight a few weeks ago
are disappearing.  Yet the Draconian new regulations will not go away.
Inevitably there will be a growing segment of the population which sees
the government as a fearsome threat.
It is time for cypherpunks to go back to their roots.  Let us put the
cypher back in cypherpunk.  There are other places where people can whine
about how evil congress is or fantasize about secession from the U.S.
Focus on crypto and what role it can play in the current crisis.  Believe
it or not, no one else is doing that.  No one in the world is speaking
out to say, here are tools which can circumvent the government's efforts
to take away our privacy.  If the cypherpunks don't do it, no one will.

@_date: 2001-10-30 00:34:05
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: Singing The War Prayer 
Are the palestinians interned here in the US?
So now hopefully we can move on to relevant subject matter now... after the attempted railroading by someone who got fired from a blow-job.
Les keep it real.

@_date: 2001-10-29 23:34:01
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: Singing The War Prayer 
Mr. Melon, 40,000 Japanese in internment camps
is a different situation entirely compared to the Middle Eastern contingency of terror we have today. Are there 40,000 'interned' at this time?
Is our technical intelligence better this time?
I would say so, given the Evolution of Related Things.
Thats why 40,000 arent sitting in holding pens now. That would be Bad. Would you prefer
that NONE be held? Dont act as if everyone is innocent, dude. Theres a good reason for
those people to be in there, and its not 'just because'.
Theres a BIG difference between 1000 and 40,000! I could think of a few thousand people I wouldnt mind
seeing in jail... but it cant be done because it wouldnt
happen just to appease my Political Incorrectness....
so I have a Feel Good Notion that the right thing is being done here, and not at the whim of any racial stereotype or bias.
You probably wouldnt mind if NONE were held, but then again you probably havent been in the trenches long, if at all. But this isnt a place to hold up our accomplishments, achievements and accolades.
Right now, I would be more concerned about roving wiretaps and warrantless searches and the like.
Oh, yes and theres that internet thing.
Hey, f the foreigners... we got a problem with our own
privacy here. Are we one step closer as natives to
being in the same boat with them and this New Scrutiny?
I hope not.
Screw the 'Fed' insult, thats lame.
I think a 'Fed' would tow a More Accurate party line than was towed, so dont get ugly cuz professional uglies are
not allowed, further disqualifying yourself.
So, now what... I wouldnt mind a few 'black bag' jobs to make it through to summer (i almost used another term, but thought better,
this being PT, cripes). I have nothing to do over the
Christmas Holidays, and bandwidth to spare. Oh I am not
proficient with anything other than English, TCP/IP
or Straight Out Killing Bitches With My Superior Dim Mak
Technique. Shit, a regular Triple Threat! (ok, i didnt know whether to laugh or groan either, right there).
That doesnt make a guy a fed.
It perhaps makes a guy an opportunist.
Or hows this: someone who is tired of being shat on.
Do you believe the policies of USA put us in this position? I believe EVERYBODYS policies put us here. Not a one way street, buddy.
Now we gotta deal with it, cuz its HERE upon us.
And kneejerk reactions from the left and right make
us just crazy, dont they? YES, I am tired of seeing
dead people, THEY are tired of seeing dead people, and since they arent gonna stop, and since they are
gonna use the creepy way of killing US civvies....
then F them. F them for making us all pay with our own paranoia.
Move forward not backward, dwelling on past policies
aint gonna help now. Focus on homeland safety and privacy
and Our Boys Over There.
Shit, most of us remain untouched by this business...
but we are all more paranoid now because of this escalation.
And every step USG takes is another step less breathing room for someone somewhere out there. I happen to like
my breathing room, and theres only so much to go around.
By the way, sign me up for your Nuke Take Out Team.
I am completely expendable, I have no family members
that depend on me, and I am technically proficient
enough to do most electrical work, and highly trained in Martial Arts and personal hygiene, and I love This Country.

@_date: 2001-11-11 23:55:04
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: "Passive Blackmail" - Does this kind of application exist? 
It's a common plot in spy thrillers and the like:  if you kill me I've
arranged to release all the evidence, details of your secret plans, etc.
Mysterious envelopes labeled "To be opened only in the event of my death"
play a prominent part.
Your basic idea seems sound: you would split the data up among a group of
people, or publish the data encrypted and split the key up.  Ideally the
key holders don't know who the other ones are, but all are instructed
that if they don't see a message from you for some period of time that
they should publish their key.  You could use k out of n secret sharing
in case some people lose the key or don't get the message.
You might want to consider Matt Blaze's "oblivious multicast" protocol,
which lets you split the key up among a large number of people without
knowing who those people are.  This would prevent an attack where you
are tortured into revealing who you had given the information to, which
might allow the attacker to eliminate those people before they could leak
the secrets.  It's at his site,  in the paper on
Oblivious Key Escrow.
In the traditional spy novels people can find out if so-and-so is killed
just by reading the obituaries.  If you want to deal with the pseudonymous
case, where no one knows your true identity, that won't work.  You suggest
publishing a signed and dated statement periodically, but one risk of
this is that your attackers could coerce you into revealing your secret
key, allowing them to keep up the pretense that you are still alive by
publishing messages in your name.
In David Chaum's credential system, there could be an is-a-person
credential associated with your physical biometrics.  This can be
secretly linked to your pseudonyms such that credentials on any one of
your identities can be shown on your others.  In that system you could
get periodic "Still Alive" credentials issued on your physical identity,
by an agency which was trusted to reliably determine that you are still
breathing.  These could then be shown by your pseudonymous selves and in
that way you could pseudonymously prove that you are still alive without
revealing who you are.  Obviously a world with such insitutions is far
from where we are today, and where we are heading, unfortunately.
Maybe you don't care if your True Name is revealed after your death,
in which case you can link the data release to public information about
your True Name's death.  This wouldn't leak any information about your
pseudonym until you die.  If you're actually killed then presumably your
attackers know your True Name as well, so it's not that bad to reveal it.

@_date: 2001-11-06 19:00:04
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: An Metet 
dude, you are a Class A asshole.
first you accuse someone of being a faggot. thats real nice, and endearing to the collective 'libertarian' does his manliness offend you? knowing that he has enough for the both of you sorta makes things bad for you, i know. so buck up, little camper. some day you will even get 'pubes', and the guys in the shower
wont laugh at you anymore.
oh, then you accuse someone of being LEO. no he isnt. even if he was, he certainly would not last long with this attitude.
because he wouldnt take any shit from mealy mouth sumbitches like yourself
and his itchy trigger finger would just
be shit hot to TCOB, know what i mean?
if you had the choice to remove him from the planet... would ya do it?
sure... we all know you would.
with that in mind...
lets get back to the pertinent subject
matter, and not be hypocritical about
what we think liberty is, ok?

@_date: 2001-11-09 19:10:06
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
Chaum has a list of papers at  but most are not online.
One that is online describes credential systems along with related
technologies: "Security Without Identification: Transaction Systems to
Make Big Brother Obsolete",
In exchange for providing you with these pointers, you are obligated
to return the favor.  Your assignment, Marc de Piolenc, is to read and
understand this paper and to report back to cypherpunks with ideas about
how pseudonymous credentials could be used to improve airport security.

@_date: 2001-11-25 02:55:08
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
It's not a matter of unnamed cypherpunks doing a favor, but rather a
proposal offered to see if there is support.  If a few people spoke
up with agreement that such an effort were worth doing, the next step
would be to put together a project, perhaps on sourceforge, and get
some code into play.  But if you run the flag up and no one salutes,
then you should wait for a better idea.
This is the problem of initial distribution.  Ideally there would be some
way to give every person a fixed initial allocation, but in practice this
will allow people to create new identities ("nyms") and get more than
their share.  It seemed that part of MojoNation's reason for backing away
from mojo-as-money was the problem of fairly giving an initial allocation.
Here's an idea which has been proposed before: use hashcash to purchase
e-coins.  Hashcash is a hash collision generated by a certain number of
standard CPU hours of work.  To enter into the ecash economy you could
generate hashcash and send it to the server, getting ecash in exchange.
Ecash is more suitable than hashcash as a form of currency as it can
be transferred and exchanged at the bank with little effort or expense.
But the problem is acquiring the initial ecash without the overwhelming
inflation that Greg Broiles implicitly warns against.  By basing ecash
on hashcash which involves a significant expense to generate, you avoid
In this system, the ecash "bank" would not be a bank at all.  It would
have two functions: give out some ecash given hashcash; and give out
some (fresh) ecash given other ecash.  The latter would use the double
spending database and all that.  If you received some ecash as payment
you would immediately exchange it at the bank which will simultaneously
verify that the cash is good and give you fresh coins for later spending.
The ecash server is simply an exchanger.
These are serious proposals.  With Ben Laurie's lucre library and a
berkeley db for the double spending database, a basic server could be
put together in a few hours' work.  Adam Back's hashcash software can
be used as a client to generate the initial requests.  The basic pieces
are all here, no magic fairies required.
The main question is again whether there exists an initial market which
could be enticed into trying out this package on an experimental basis.

@_date: 2001-11-24 08:46:30
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
Unfortunately U.S. postal regulations require identification when you
rent a mail box, public or private.  See
   Recent amendments to postal regulations will make it harder for
   criminals to victimize innocent consumers by using mail drops.
   Anyone renting a box from a commercial mail-receiving agency such
   as Mail Boxers, Etc., Parcel Post, and Postnet will be required to
   provide two forms of ID, one being a photo ID.
It won't do much good to chain them if each one in the chain has your
ID on file.  Granted you can use fake ID but that would be breaking the
law, raising the costs considerably.

@_date: 2001-11-24 09:50:49
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: HDCP break and DMCA 
Congratulations to Ian Goldberg, David Wagner and other cryptographers
for publishing a break of the HDCP standard for encrypting video data.
This was intended to be used between HDTV decoders and displays, for
example, to allow digital communication between them in encrypted form so
that it could not be captured and shared.  The paper by Crosby et al at
 is a thorough break of the system,
which unfortunately is not fielded yet so you can't use the exploit to
steal HDTV.
The big question is what about the Digital Millennium Copyright Act,
which potentially criminalizes such research?  We heard a great deal this
past summer about what a threat the DMCA was to legitimate cryptographic
research, and about how the exemptions in the DMCA weren't worth
the paper they were printed on.  One cryptographer, Niels Ferguson,
refused to publish his break for fear of prosecution under the DMCA,
It would be interesting to hear the perspective of any of the researchers
involved as to whether they are concerned about the DMCA.  Do they view
themselves as creating a possible test case?  Or are they simply going
to ignore the DMCA and go about their lives, doing their work on the
assumption that such a bad law will ultimately not hold up in court?

@_date: 2002-01-29 01:10:03
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: animal rights censorship, good for a laugh anyway 
Found on Hello Declan,
  This is a winner.  I heard this on NPR on my drive home, and had to
  dig up the bits.  Apparently, the United Poultry Concern (UPC) has
  voiced concern over recent Carl's Jr. ads that seek to find the part
  of the chicken that is the 'nugget'.  Frankly, they're funny ads,
  poke a bit at McDonalds, and are rather creative. The one ad, in
  particular has a cadre of scientific types standing around a
  chicken, poking and prodding looking for the infamous 'nugget' area.
  It alludes to one such scientist doing an anal probe, but shows no
  harm to chickens.  But to Karen Davis, UPC's president, these ads are
  promoting beastiality and cruelty to chickens.  She also finds them harmful
  to children, and thus, wants Carl's Jr. to pull the ads.  As of yet, they refuse to
  comply, and I say, right on.  I have yet to find the ads online, but
  her statement is here:
    Here's a brief snippet:
  "The ad implies an anal search of the chicken's body and is
completely offensive. It models itself on scenes of gang rape and on a    medical examination of one's body that no one would consent to have       publicly aired. It exemplifies the connection .... between industrial
animal agriculture and "bestiality"-human sexual assaults upon other
animal species that comport with manipulating them for reproduction and 'meat,"

@_date: 2002-01-16 23:30:03
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Paki ISI vs. Arthur Anderson 
Arthur Anderson could take a lesson in covert document destruction
from the ISI...
Fire guts Pakistan government edifice holding extremist records AFP Islamabad, January 16 A 16-storey government ministry building reportedly containing sensitive records
on extremist religious organisations was almost completely gutted in the Pakistani
capital, police said Wednesday. Authorities said it appeared a fire, which started on the upper floors, was caused
by a short circuit but were not ruling out other causes. The Shaheed-i-Millat building housed 15 government departments, including the
record-keeping offices of the interior ministry. Reports said the records included information on extremist religious organisations and firearms.

@_date: 2002-01-01 07:15:03
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Faustine dangles her memes 
if he was the kind of person I could get to find me the same way I found
him...somehow it was much more satisfying to let him think my post was a
coincidence and he was the one being clever and doing the sleuthing. <<
This is semantic analysis, by analogy with lexical analysis.  In
the latter you look for misspellings, idioms, word choice, sentence
structure choice.  In the former you look at meaning.  I suppose
they're both a content-aware form of traffic analysis.
Otto A.K. Sear

@_date: 2002-01-03 04:25:06
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: CP flix 
I was specifically trying to avoid such mentally-unnourishing
but visually tasty scifi candy as "Matrix" etc.   Mostly Choate polluted the list,
what a surprise.  1984, because of the televisors and surveillance
is ok; Brazil (although brilliant) isn't CP though fantastic
in many other respects.  If I'm wrong, its because it been
years, and I welcome correction.

@_date: 2002-01-11 04:50:04
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: Re: more on procmail is not mattd's friend! 
This, of course, is incredibly rude to the remailer operators.

@_date: 2002-01-18 04:15:04
@_author: Incognito Innominatus 
@_subject: cable modem lack of opsec 
Received a network-migration package from Cox (local cable ISP) to transition from failed
 (excite.com) carrier.
The great part is that the "authorization code"
required to update info is printed on the outside
of the box, with the address label.
Maybe using the MAC is enough, I doubt it.
