
@_date: 2002-03-17 04:10:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: The Register - Law-enforcement DIRT Trojan released 
>
  >>
  >
  > Nice.  The .zip file referenced in that article
  > (
  > has the following contents:
  >
  >     Hasp.zip
  >     DIRTinstall.ltr.pdf
  >     DIRTManual2_2clr.pdf
  >     Dirtcdrelease.zip
Current status with this package is that the exe's been cracked in about 20
minutes, and it's been identified (in signature, leastways) as the trojan JOHAR.
The rest of the files in the /original/ archive all date back to at least a year
old - most of them are from 2000. Much of this is basic installion fluff, usage
guides and marketing tosh. There are some responses to pitches (one for Air
Force Office of Special Investigation, another for the US army), an NDA that
(coincidentally?) expired a few months ago, and umpteen docs giving the
company's business plans and sales targets. All the IPs listed in the docs (for
sample runs or default mail servers) are dead now. As far as I can tell, none of
the files have any bugs in, but never say never... I haven't run any of the
installers to check for dates within them. If anyone has done so, are they able
to confirm version numbers and/or release dates in them?
There are three installers in the archive - DIRT (released along with guide on
cryptome), BAIT (seems to be a bug dropper, probably incorporated into the DIRT
system) and PCPhoneHome (software that "checks-in" to a location which can be
monitored by the "CDS Command Center"). Other products and services mentioned in
the docs are:
- ACHTUNG!: "allows system administrators full remote supervision of all company
Windows-based personal computers via the Internet/Intranet." (some "civilian"
version of DIRT.)
- N.E.S.T.: "a hardware/software application that enables cable system operators
detect ongoing theft-of-service"
- Hacking 101: "training seminars ... primarily ... directed toward law
enforcement/government/military officials but, on a case-by-case basis, may be
may available to private corporations as well."
- H.O.P.E.: a "combination [of] hardware/software ... that has the capacity to
deliver the D.I.R.T.? technology on a ... worldwide scale that has proof of
concept and is designed for military/intelligence use."
- H.E.R.F.: "hardware based and utilizes high-energy radio frequencies to render
a target's electronics inoperable."
- HACK THIS: "series of servers with the invitation to the general public to
have these servers hacked with impunity. ... Logs will be kept of the hacking
techniques used and reports will be generated for industry and military on the
latest techniques used and the trends displayed by the attackers."
- HACKER ELITE: "a software based game that utilizes the information gathered
from the HACK THIS? program to develop a best-selling retail game."
No more information is available on the state of these projects. They are all
marked as R&D aims awaiting capital, but it's always possible that CDS realised
some of them were losers from the start... Of the above though, the threat of
"HOPE" is one that could easily be driven by the current state of paranoia and
I seem to be completely unable to read just about all of the MS Excel files from
the archive, so if anyone has had any success with those, I'd be glad to hear. A
quick scan in a hex editor doesn't help much.
What does this release achieve then? Outdated marketing documents and ancient
installers may not seem like too much of a catch. On one hand, CDS have had
brochures and Powerpoint slideshows and documents meant only for law enforcement
offices spread all over public desktops. Public credibility amongst the
knowledgable would be non-existent.
On the other hand, what have they got to lose, compared to what they have to
gain? If they wanted to release old business documents to release their own bug
technology, they could have possibly achieved it, but I don't think they're that
clever or stupid. Certainly, hits to their webpages would have hit new heights
(including all the links through to their new venture,
 Spam-like, the amount of people noting the
"leak" and spitting on the trojan, compared to the amount of good publicity
generated might be worth it for the amounts they charge - even 5 new customers
would probably be enough. Judging by the glossy talk, the hype ripped from man
pages and the level of technical expertise within the docus, their target market
seems to have always been the managers that had more money than sense to look up
"Netbus" on Google (the released exe's get picked up just as easily by A/V
software anyway).
Hopefully, this will open up the doors to further, more up-to-date information.
I would hope that some of those that would otherwise consider such a solution
would also take into account the publicised critics.
On a more bizarre note, it's the only website I've ever seen running on MacOS,
with a free-to-use chat client running on telnet...
