
@_date: 2012-07-01 16:39:33
@_author: programmers are people, aren't they? 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Anonymous Publishing Is Dead. 
Hmm... I already do something like that. And I tell you that most free
providers are a pain to work with. And that includes all the major
players. They are all going to punish you with a long annoying
reidentification which will prove zero security just because you change
location. And they do have the time and computing power just to try to
locate you any other possible way as their business model is tightly
integrated with tracking and selling private data.
Disposable email is good for accessing some resource once. Otherwise is
a pain in the rear.
I spent some time reading about bitcoin. It's a miracle discovery. It's
a proof about non conventional methods being able to compete with the
conventional financial transaction type. But I fail to see the anonimity
side of things. It's so nice. It's sooo geeky. It employs silly terms to
scare the layman like mining. Or worse, it has terms with a clear
equivalent in conventional finance like wallet. My grandma knows she can
watch over her wallet and things would be all right. And if someone
forces her she can go to the police station and declare the theft. Till
version 0.6 there was no protection from theft with BC. Crap concept
with junk application from the point of view of annonimity. Each time
some conspiracy theorist starts making sense I remind myself that people
(programmers are people, aren't they?) are above all stupid followed
closely by lazy. Just take a look at the way FF is developed: in the era
of Facebook developers are doing their best to shed MORE data instead of
patching up the holes. By holes I don't mean Secunia security holes, but
privacy holes.
Actually any service should be checked for its origin or place of doing
business. Always remember the case of Hide My Ass which proved to be
full of Holes if you allow such a gross joke. They weren't keeping logs
till pressured. Than they said everybody is obliged under law to keep
logs. And to prove the indolence of their users: they are still in
business, trapping flies for the government. On the other hand, servers
hosted outside the reach of certain totalitarian governments are blocked
on the crime of spam or copyright infringement. If these were anything
but hassle (see the problems with the free webmail above) yahoo and
google would have offered email only between their users.
Usually this kind of trafic is tolerated because they want to catch a
bigger fish. Sometimes services like that are set up by the
investigating authorities. And some other times they set it up
independently just for the sake of compensating the budget restrictions
(those drones are mighty expensive, mind you).
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-08-08 08:41:25
@_author: page 3 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Tor as ecommerce platform 
This is a silly idea.
In the perpetual war against drugs Tor could be harmed. And once the
link established the government can deny in the strongest of terms there
is any connection with the free speech blocking. Given the other two
perpetual wars (against child porn and against terrorism) can be easily
associated with Tor.
As for the elusive Silk Road site, I would say get and read The Politics
of Heroin by Alfred W. McCoy.
This is a sick idea. Or is it a joke?
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2012-09-10 09:39:38
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Leave Your Cellphone at Home 
Actually, this kind of run is taking SciFi turns.
In real life the act of comunication, simply connecting with someone
else is more important than the message. Whatever you wish to call the
adversary Alice and Bob are hiding from is more interested of the fact
that Alice needs to connect with Bob than what the hell are they talking
about. Encryption, reading between the lines, a rudimentary code that
makes My grandma feels better into We go as planned, they are all to be
established after subject interrogation. What they need is the web.
Facebook if you prefer. Because we have established that we are tracking
Alice or Bob. And we need the whole network.
The stupidity of most of the books I have read on this theme stands
around the concept of Truth. These organisations DO NOT care about
whatever sense an outsider would place with the word truth. They might
go for such truths as justifying their wages, pleasing a half mad boss,
and so on. Many are connected with the propaganda machine. And quite
often wars are waged among competing services. Think of a treasure hunt,
the silly Easter Egg hunt for children executed by grown men trained to
tor-talk mailing list

@_date: 2014-04-03 10:10:53
@_author: Samsungs 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] How safe is smartphones today? 
Mike Perry:
That made me wonder. What are the risks involved using a Tails PC and
getting online through a 3G clean Android smartphone with no apps
installed or Google accounts activated tethered through USB?
Or better yet: who can see what?
I read the hardware is rigged (Samsungs), you wrote about the software
being rigged (the ability to remotely install apps), and surely the
phone company can do a lot of tricks from the early days of GSM. So is
it crazy to route Tor traffic through such a gateway?
