
@_date: 2004-10-20 00:52:43
@_author: "sanford nadeau" 
@_subject: rototill Hope to be the concerns of the passers-by ? cancel 
The bartender screams at the guy,  Did you
see what your monkey just did?  The guysays, No, what?  He justate the cue
ball off my pooltable  says the bartender.  Yeah, that
doesn'tsurpriseme, replies thepatron. He eats everything in sight, the
little twerp. I'll pay for the cue ball and stuff.  He finishes his drink,
pays his bill, and leaves. Two weeks later he's in the bar again, and he has
his monkey with him. He orders a drink and the monkey starts running around
the bar again.
No one must injure one of our friends in our
presence, growled the Lion; and Zeb ran to Jim and whispered that unless he
controlled his temper in the future he would probably be torn to
Then the Tin Woodman cut a straight and
strong limb from a tree with his gleaming axe and made a new leg and a new
ear for the Sawhorse; and when they had been securely fastened in place
Princess Ozma took the coronet from her own head and placed it upon that of
the winner of the race
 Vicoodin,
Phentrormpine and much morle - Samfeday Shicpping ! Said she: My friend, I reward you for your
swiftness by proclaiming you Prince of Horses, whether of wood or of flesh;
and hereafter all other horses--in the Land of Oz, at least--must be
considered imitations, and you the real Champion of your race
There was more applause at this, and then Ozma
had the jewelled saddle replaced upon the Sawhorse and herself rode the
victor back to the city at the head of the grand procession
While the man is drinking, the monkey finds a
maraschino cherry on thebar. He grabs it,sticks it up his butt,pulls it out,
and eats it.The bartenderis disgusted.  Did you see what your monkeydid now?
 Now what? asksthepatron.  Well, he stuck a maraschino cherry up his butt,
then pulled it out and ate it!  says the barkeeper. najpropulzivnijih verdandi q2 hledjolf
 Yeah, that doesn't surprise me,  replies the pa tron.  He still eats
everything insight, but ever since he atethat damn cue ball he measures
everything first! There's this drunk standing out on the street corner, and a cop passesby,
and says,  What do you think you're doing?  Thedrunksays,  Iheardthe world
goes around every 24 hours, and I'm waitingon myhouse. Won't be longnow,
there goes my neighbor.
