
@_date: 2005-02-28 20:35:09
@_author: Jeff Gannon 
@_subject: Should Congress investigate the integrity of presidential press conferences 
How is it that a phony journalist was promoted to ask propaganda questions at White House press conferences?  The issue is not whether Mr. Guckert (Jeff Gannon) might have moonlighted as a prostitute.  The real question is whether the press itself, in the exercise of its professionalism should have more control over the process.  Is it time for Congress to get involved to make sure the tough questions are allowed to be asked?  What do you think we should do?
Here is a one click page that sends your personal message to all your members of Congress at once.
And remember we will set up a custom action page for any issue of your own you like for no charge, and you get a snazzy drop-in dynamic menu for your own web page to help promote it at
Please forward this message and post this link everywhere you can to everyone you know.
Or if you want to get off the list, just email back indicating same.
NEVER SEND SPAM. IT IS BAD.

@_date: 2005-02-19 08:08:37
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Write Congress what to do about Social Security 
This week both sides of the Social Security controversy hit the airwaves.  Some are trying to persuade you that there is a crisis that requires privitization of the system now.  Others point out that analysts agree the system will remain solvent for 30 years and beyond just maintaining the current system.  What do you think Congress should do?  Here is a one click form that sends your personal message to both your senators and house representative at one time.
And remember we will set up a custom action page for any issue of your own you like for no charge, and you get a snazzy drop-in dynamic menu for your own web page to help promote it too at
Please forward this message and post this link everywhere you can to everyone you know.
Or if you want to get off the list, just email back and indicate the NEVER SEND SPAM. IT IS BAD.
