
@_date: 2011-09-04 18:16:50
@_author: art@globaleaks.org 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] massive automated bridge requests: why? 
Hopefully this will not be a double. I seem to forget easily what email
is subscribed to what lists :(.
True. I have also some rudimentary statistics built from bridges.csv,
that highlighted this issue some time ago, but from what I understand
this is starting to become a serious problem.
Yup, the package in question that apparently is shipped mainly for a
Chinese audience is a bundle that contains also Tor. The problem is that
the torrc contains statically hardcoded bridge IP address.
Here is a link to the commit in question:
When I first saw this the dates did match up with the traffic spikes to
Tor bridges, though it did seem strange that these requests where linked
to non Chinese speaking countries (Italy, Brazil, Spain).
This highlights that the issue is probably much more complex. Somebody
has developed a custom crawler to scrape for fresh and new Tor bridges.
I can imagine that the person who developed this though it was the
smartest idea in the world and I don't believe he meant no harm. Yet the
responsible application/tool/bundle must be identified and the developer
instructed to stop doing so.
Since the requests are coming in from every client every 30 seconds,
this must be seen as an attacks. What they are doing, in effect, is
conducting a DDoS on bridges.tp.org.
For this reason I think it would be appropriate to manage the issue as
if we where up against an adversary and start by trying to fingerprint
the application making the requests.
This would require probably to patch BridgeDB
( to log anonymized request
of the attacker.
Once the application responsible is spotted we should get in contact
with them and have them fix the bundle to stop doing these requests. If
this is not possible we could maybe write a snort rule or something
inside of BridgeDB directly to filter out and stop responding to illicit
malicious requests.
The CAPTCHA solution would work, however if the issue can be solved
easily by just detecting the UserAgent of the client making the request
(in case this is not being spoofed by the application, see above point).
Maybe implementing something slightly more complex, but that leaves the
user experience unaltered such as matching for request header order.
On the second solution I remember reading a couple of papers on it and I
believe there was also a presentation at CCC 2010 on it. I can't seem to
find them at the moment but I will update as soon as I find out.
I will try to do so and update you on the status of the inquiries.
That seem highly unlikely to me too.
Maybe some OSINT tool? Somebody who wishes to have highly levels of
anonymity by not disclosing that he is about to connect to Tor, but is
too lazy to setup a custom Tor bridge?
- Art.
tor-talk mailing list
