
@_date: 2013-09-05 18:51:11
@_author: "Asa Rossoff" 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Content and popularity analysis of Tor hidden	services 
From grarpamp:
Hello grarpamp,
Thanks for the perspective.
I'm not a Tor expert yet.  I have been way off on the sidelines until
recently, not taking close, consistent interest until this year.  I haven't
read most of the research that's been done, and I may not recall all that I
have read!
You may be right in everything you say, but you technically omit the
category "nonpublished services used NOT only largely by their creators but
perhaps by groups that are not so public."  The wikis and indexes both on
onion and the open web contain only a very small number of services in
comparison to the sample this study collected primarily in only a two hour
period (if I recall correctly).
The server configuration issues I'm sure are well known to experts (in this
case the primary issue highlighted was shared or public-internet SSL
certificates; extremely easy to take advantage of and be quite certain of
the results immediately), but I don't know if statistics on them over Tor
were available, especially for a broad range of hidden services, not just
well-known ones.  Even when the services are set up for an individual's own
use, the issue may be relevant.
And having multiple studies that shine a light on real data on these things
not only may clarify issues better, but since past studies presumably were
performed in different ways, also act as a reminders of ongoing issues (and
need for education).  Also if the past data is comparable, it gives a
progress report.
As Tor gets better at anonymizing connections, gathering statistics like
this will become more difficult, so anything we can learn now may help guide
future decisions.
** I'm off to UN Int'l Day of Charity panel webstream in a few mins,
1500-1800 EDT, 2100-0000 CEST, etc. :)  (stream)
 (panelists/info) **

@_date: 2013-09-05 11:36:14
@_author: "Asa Rossoff" 
@_subject: Re: [tor-talk] Content and popularity analysis of Tor hidden	services 
From Lunar:
Whether or not all issues were discussed in detail or the same detail in the
prior thread as well as in the paper, I don't know, but the paper has
relevance beyond Tor network flaws:
- It exposes an estimate on how manny hidden services existed at the time of
the study
- It gives a breakdown of what services/some of the services those hidden
services offered.
- It categories HTTP(S) services by content type, which is interesting.
- It describes what resources they required to perform the attack, which
sound relatively modest.
- It highlights the botnet and botnet command and control activity on Tor.
- It describes server configuration issues that allowed easily correlating
the shared hosting of many services
- It describes server configuration issues that allowed easily deanonymizing
the true IP Address of some hidden services.
The last two points are importasnt reminders of some of the pitfalls in
attempting anonymization, and might be good to be documented in the wiki (if
they're not) for setting up hidden services.
The prior points are of social and historic value.
The present situation with massively escalating numbers of Tor users/"users"
highlights the threat that botnets might pose to the Tor network's ability
to function.  A botnet worm of course could also be used to create a
largescale anonymity attack requiring many nodes.
Today's RC just announced does some traffic prioritization which should be a
bandaid for the current problem, but doesn't really address similar issues
in the longterm.  I don't know what solutions to propose, as obviously the
fundamental rule is that this is an anonymous system, and we probably want
to respect net neutrality to the point practical, but more
thought/research/development may have to be done to guard against botnets
threatening the functionality of the Tor network or botnets' potential to
attack the network's anonymity features.
