
@_date: 2002-06-26 17:59:06
@_author: ICANN 
@_subject: H2K2 panels announced - July 12-14 NYC 
Folks, H2K2 is the next in the line of New York City hackerconferences
organized by volunteers and 2600.  Panels of particular interest to this
list might include "Crypto for the Masses," "Databases and Privacy,"
"Educating Lawmakers - Is It Possible?," and "Secure Telephony."
Hope to see you all there.  Registration closes at the end of the week!
Access Control Devices
There are all kinds of access control devices that we come in contact
with every day. They include such things as magnet readers, proximity
card readers, fingerprint readers, camera systems, biometrics, and
basic standard operating procedures for a business. This talk will be a
comprehensive guide to what's out there.
Hosted by Mike Glasser
Black Hat Bloc
How I Stopped Worrying About Corporations
and Learned to Love the Hacker Class War
Hackers must deal with governments and ultimately the corporations
that wield most of the decision making power within them. Looking over
the past few decades of hacker interaction with corporations, we
notice some interesting trends in the two worlds that indicate strong
influences of the corporate and hacker worlds on the other's ethics
and culture, often only hinted at to the rest of the world via biased
corporate PR machines in the form of broadcast and publishing media.
Hacker posts to Bugtraq become resumes, hacker tech like BBSes and IRC
become the technical implementations of every Internet startup's
business plan, hackers testify in front of Congress to warn them of
impending doom directly resulting in increased federal cybercrime
funding, while piracy is accepted by governments and media (but not
the public) as theft. Has hacking become the fast venture capitalist
track to shiny gadgets that go fast and make noise, a la Slashdot?
Should we ignore intellectual property legislation and treaties that
are passed solely to make rich people richer? This talk takes a look
at where hacker/corporate/government relationships have been, where
they are now, and where they could be going - hopefully shedding some
light on everyone's motivations along the way.
Hosted by Gweeds
Caller ID Spoofing
A demonstration of how Caller ID works as well as methods that can be
used to emulate and display spoofed Caller ID messages on Caller ID and
Caller ID with Call Waiting boxes using a Bell 202 modem. Details on the
technical aspects such as Caller ID protocol for both regular and Call Waiting
Caller ID. If all goes well, you may actually see a live demonstration of
spoofed Caller ID.
Hosted by Lucky225 and Tray Smee
Crypto for the Masses
This panel will approach cryptography from the perspective of enabling a
'digital world' where key social schemes are preserved -- personal
identity, anonymity, and the right to privacy.  We'll talk about the basic
inner workings of cryptosystems, and discuss how they can be applied now
to create and enforce cyber rights.  We'll also discuss the hurdles faced
by crypto and its adopters, and the public at large.  We'll also learn
just how crypto is being threatened and abused by certian global goons.
Databases and Privacy
Once again, world renowned private eye Steve Rambam will enlighten and
frighten attendees with the latest updates on the personal information
that is out there about each and every one of us. Find out which
databases contain the most invasive information and who has access to
them, as well as what you can do to protect your privacy. There will
also be a discussion on truth and accountability on the net as well as
live demonstrations.
Digital Demonstrations: Criminal DDoS Attack or Cyber Sit-in?
Being able to carry political opinions to the public by showing them on
the street is a basic part of democratic rights. Nowadays, a steadily
increasing part of our life takes place in cyberspace. Things which
aren't happening in cyberspace will therefore get less and less public
attention. How can protest be taken into the virtual realm? What
strategies for "online demonstrations" have we seen so far? How about
the ethical and legal dimensions? Who gets hurt? Host Maximillian
Dornseif will present a new approach for conducting online
demonstrations without adversely affecting other users on the net.
Educating Lawmakers - Is It Possible?
Trying to educate Congress about technology is approximately as useful
as teaching a pig to type. It doesn't work and you get one peeved pig.
But there are sometimes ways to make a difference in law and policy
circles without becoming a wholly owned tool of the Demopublican Party.
A discussion with journalist Declan McCullagh and cryptologist Matt
Face Scanning Systems at Airports: Ready for Prime Time?
A talk about the technical problems of face scanning systems being used
at airports to pick out terrorists. Will these systems work like the
promoters are claiming they will? Or will they fail to catch terrorists
and instead turn our airports into round-up zones for petty criminals?
Hosted by Richard M. Smith
Fun With 802.11b
Would you be surprised if you could turn on your laptop anywhere in the
city and find yourself on someone else's network? How about if you were
able to connect to the Internet? Or see someone's private data go
flying by? It's all possible and it happens all the time - all over the
country. This panel will cover 802.11 wireless ethernet networking
basics, as well as detecting and monitoring wireless networks with
active and passive methods. Community free networks, custom antennas,
and methods of securing wireless networks will also be covered.
Hosted by dragorn
Fun with Pirate Radio and Shortwave
Too few people take the time to appreciate shortwave radio. Even fewer
have the opportunity to appreciate pirate radio. Here's your chance to
learn more about these fascinating subjects. Allan Weiner will talk
about his days operating Radio New York International, a famous pirate
station from the 80's that served the New York area before it was
raided by federal authorities in international waters. (We have no idea how
the feds got away with that.) Today Weiner operates shortwave station WBCQ -
along with chief engineer Timtron - which serves nearly the entire
western hemisphere from studios in Maine. Craig Harkins joins the panel
to talk of his experiences operating Anteater Radio during much of the
90's from an 18-wheeler truck. He received international acclaim from
listeners while consistently evading American and Canadian radio police.
Hacking for Community Radio
The technical and political struggle to take back the airwaves for the
community. A panel discussion about the attempt to build linux based
free software that can stream broadcast quality audio over the Internet
from a studio to a transmitter site. In addition, there will be
discussion on attempts to use wireless ethernet to shoot broadcast
quality audio across town with high gain antennas and 2.4 gigahertz
Hosted by Pete Tridish from the Prometheus Radio Project, Josh
Marcus, Dave Arney, and Roland Aguilar from the Philadelphia
Independent Media Center, and K. Clair from the Genderchangers.
Hacking National Intelligence:
Possibilities for a Public Intelligence Revolution
Robert David Steele, author of two books on intelligence reform and
sponsor of the Council on Intelligence, will provide a briefing on the
state of the world, 21st Century tradeoffs that are NOT being made by
our elected leaders, and how citizens can take back the power by
practicing the new craft of intelligence to monitor and instruct their
elected officials on key national security decisions. Among other major
aspects, this would translate into a freezing of the Pentagon budget at
$250 billion a year and redirection of $150 billion a year toward
global education, public health, water and energy conservation, and
"soft power" options including diplomacy and information peacekeeping,
a term Steele devised in the early 1990's.
Hardware Q&A
Explore a different form of hacking and interface directly with fellow
electronics enthusiasts. Javaman and friends will try to answer any
questions related to hardware and electronics including but not limited
to hardware tokens, radio/wireless technologies, embedded systems,
smart cards, and secure hardware design.
Human Autonomous Zones: The Real Role of Hackers
How the role of hackers in society has changed. They used to be a
necessary counterbalance to corporate and government power. Now, it's
more like hackers are the only ones who understand the technology. They
have become a balance to the power of technology itself. A discussion
by renowned author Doug Rushkoff.
The Ins and Outs of Webcasting
While the airwaves have been almost completely taken over by corporate
interests, there is a whole world of broadcasting on the Internet just
waiting for creative minds. Find out what it takes to get an Internet
station going and what kinds of creative programming are possible.
Also, learn what the recently mandated RIAA licensing fees will mean to
the future of this broadcasting medium.
Keynote: Siva Vaidhyanathan
"Life in a Distributed Age"
Distributed information systems of all kinds are challenging cultural
and political assumptions. The moral of the story is that whether we
like it or not, it's time to take anarchy seriously. We have spent the
past 200 years thinking centralization of power and information was the
greatest challenge to republican forms of government and corporatized
commerce. But now, it should be clear, decentralization and encryption
have emerged as the most important dynamics of power.
LPFM Basics
Learn exactly how to navigate the LPFM licensing process. Pete Tridish
of the Prometheus Radio Project and John Ramsey of Ramsey Electronics
will present background about the fight for community radio and explain
the absurd technical limitations placed on low-power community FM radio
stations by powerful corporate interests.
Making Money on the Internet While Still Saying "Fuck"
Pud of fuckedcompany.com will speak about his experiences setting up
and maintaining a popular Web site for corporate rumors. How does he
handle confidentiality of rumor-mongers, avoid lawsuits, provide custom
software to drive the site, and make money from it?
The New FBI and How It Can Hurt You
On May 29, the Federal Bureau of Investigation dramatically changed its
focus. Now, instead of investigating crimes, its mission is to prevent
them, meaning they have virtual carte blanche to infiltrate any law
abiding organization or gathering to make sure all is right. And, even
better, their third priority of dangerous crimes to stop (next to
terrorism and espionage) is "cybercrime." We all know what a wide net
that can be. Hear the dangers firsthand from the people who follow this
kind of thing.
Hosted by Mike Levine, Declan McCullagh, Robert Steele
The Password Probability Matrix
A winnowing method for brute-force password cracking using lossy
compression. Cryptologist Jon Erickson will present the specifics for a
newly developed password cracking method and perform a demonstration of
it. The method is a hybrid between using computational power and
storage space for an exhaustive brute-force attack utilizing a
compressed matrix of probabilistic values. He will demonstrate the
ability to crack any 4 character password with a fixed salt in under
8 seconds (assuming 10,000 cracks per second), using only a 141 meg file.
A normal exhaustive brute-force on the same system would take over
2 hours, and flat text storage of the plaintext/hash pairs would normally
use over a gigabyte of storage. This translates to 99.9% keyspace
reduction and 89% storage compression.
Protection for the Masses
Host Rop Gonggrijp gives updates on two projects designed to help
people protect their privacy from prying eyes. One is a localhost mail
proxy for PGP that is really nice and could "save the world" as the PGP
plugins stop working (soon...). The other one is Secure Notebook, a
project to create a notebook which runs Windows, yet is secure against
theft. Source for all projects will be open for review.
Secure Telephony: Where ARE the Secure Phones?
Panel participants will take a look at the history of secure phones,
what's worked and what hasn't, who the players are, and what needs to
happen to make truly secure telephony a ubiquitous reality. Panel
members include former Starium CTO Eric Blossom and Rop Gonggrijp of
Social Engineering
A tradition started at the first HOPE conference in 1994, the social
engineering panel remains one of our most popular each and every time.
It would be wrong for us to tell you what we have planned because then
our victims might have a fighting chance of escaping. Suffice to say,
we will find someone somewhere who will tell us something they really
shouldn't have because they believed we were somebody we weren't. This
panel is always open to participants so if you feel you're worthy, just
let us know during the conference and you might find yourself up on
stage trying to be clever on the phone.
Steganography: Wild Rumors and Practical Applications
Is Osama bin Laden sending coded messages in the pictures of goods for
sale on EBay? Is that MP3 file carrying a secret note that tracks the
listeners? Steganography is the art and science of hiding information
in digital data and it stretches the boundaries of information theory
and philosophy. An artful programmer can hide secret messages in such a
way that a 1 is not always a 1 and a 0 is not always a 0. This talk
will explore some of the popular schemes for inserting messages and
discuss how they're used by hackers, poets, corporate bean counters,
and programmers on a deadline.
Hosted by Peter Wayner
Teaching Hacker Ethics with a Common Curriculum
An introduction of a new proposed curriculum guideline for teaching
information ethics to students in elementary school, high school, and
college. This curriculum is being proposed through the North Carolina
chapter of Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility. The idea
is to foster creative, exploratory, effective, and intelligent use of
information tools (aka, the hacker ethic), rather than powerless
end-user mentality. There are many reasons to desire a common suggested
curriculum for different educational levels. We might argue that most
major advances in computing were brought about by hackers. We could
point out that it's necessary to encourage creative and exploratory
behavior for the next generation of computer users to do brilliant
things. For today's hackers, the goal is simply to shape tomorrow's
hackers so that they will use their abilities to help create a better
Hosted by Greg Newby
The Ultimate Co-location Site
Sealand was founded as a sovereign principality in 1967 in
international waters, six miles off the eastern shores of Britain. The
island fortress is conveniently situated from 65 to 100 miles from the
coasts of France, Belgium, Holland and Germany. HavenCo has been
providing services since May 2000 and is fully operational, offering
the world's most secure managed servers in the world's only true free
market environment - the Principality of Sealand. Avi Freedman of
HavenCo will talk about the challenges and potential of this unique
working environment and what it could mean to the future of the net.
