
@_date: 2004-08-30 09:26:51
@_author: "Amafor koffi" 
@_subject: Hello 
We write to solicit your assistance to help my family withdraw our fathers money which he deposited in a financial security company before he was killed during the war in COTE D' IVOIRY,Abidjan(Africa).
I got your contact through the site on the internet,subsequently I ran a check and noticed your capability and credibility to handle and withdrawal of the USD$28million and keep in your care for my family was confirmed accordingly hence this contact to you.
Meanwhile,I would like to introduce myself and member of my family to you before we proceed further.
I am Amafor Koffi,29years old single from Cote d' Ivoiry and my late father Mr Amafor Johnson who is a well known cocoa farmer and exporter before he was killed during the war and our house burnt living meself,mother,brother and some vital document which we later identified that my late father used to deposit some money USD$28million in a financial security company in Nigeria.
However during the cause for the family to trace the money with the document,we are ask to remain in a refugee camp because we are not a Nigerian and furthermore instructed not to leave the refugee camp.
Therefore by virtue of our present position as a refugee,we can not make this claim/acquire this fund on our self and now we have decided to contact any trust worthy foreign person/partner that can act and represent the family as our fathers partner to make the claim and keep the money for us all.
In order to commence,you are expected to contact me as soon as you receive this letter/mail indicating your interest to enable me send the document to you to contact the financial security company and withdraw the money immediately for us to come over and invest with our share.
Note,we have agreed to share the total fund thus:
·	25% for your assistance.
·	5% to be used in settling any incidental expenses.
·	70% for my family.
You are expected to handle this information/transaction with utmost confidentiality because we are making this contact using the Internet to contact you through the help of the son of the refugee camp staff.
Please acknowledge the receipt of this mail by replying me.
Mr Amafor Koffi.
